Just because someone knows who I am does not mean that'll matter when it comes to proving things in court, which in real life isn't as easy as one might imagine. >he probably won't get out for a while If only I'd get sentenced in the first place. Unless there's ever any public court records, I doubt you'll find much (if any) good information. If that was a case, people running SSDP (and other UDP service) honeypots would no doubt have noticed the massive increase in traffic. Majority of our bandwidth does not come from these so called "reflection attacks". But is in fact "real" bandwidth. We are using actual 0days to compromise the (about 100k-150k) servers we have. I'm actually rather excited for the eventual technical analysis of our net by someone with actual technical competence. It might end up causing quite a bit of noise. Well, I live in a country that will not extradite it's own citizens. And even if I somehow did manage to get extradited the US has a legal system where you'd actually have to prove a persons guilt, not just speculate it based on some IRC log of dubious origin. That's a popular view, but I don't think that in real life it's an entirely correct one. At the very least those with money tend to be able to have a fair trial in the US. Lots of it is the sort of equipment you wouldn't notice. Not exactly embedded stuff though. There was a few rails YAML bots on an IRC for maybe an hour before another bot was loaded on them. (But that was like over an year ago) A large chunk of the boxes we control do not have any sort of web apps running on them. Ones public actions do not necessarily equal ones skills. The motives behind LS are more complex than some journos believe, something that should be obvious by the darkode connection alone. Krebs seems to be pretty lost, especially considering that he thinks we've been attacking his site for past 40 days or so. That's just not true (and anyway, if Prolexic couldn't keep PSN up why would they be able to keep his site up?), only thing linking us to attacks against him was a joke in the topic of our fake recruitment channel telling people to take his site down for an hour or so. Anyway, as for my motives (besides money, of course)? You don't get access to this many boxes without stumbling on at least something interesting. One thing you should understand, we currently have basically two types of clients. First is of course the kids who go to lizardstresser.su and buy the $20 plan so they can attack people they play video games with. Now, on the other hand we have our corporate clients. These corporate clients usually contact us via email or over forums and either make us a fixed offer or request a quote for a given target and time-frame. Now, these types of clients are usually willing to pay tens, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars to disrupt their competition for a couple of days. The second type of customer is obviously our main source of income, and what better way to find those clients than worldwide media publicity? It'd be funny if this ended up being a sting op, wouldn't it? You're pretty quick to call people morons for someone who doesn't have a clue about what he is talking about. These routers Krebs is talking about (Which have largely been infected since August) were never connected to an IRC network. And as for the gcloud servers, yeah we connected a few of them to the public IRC... So what? It's not like as if they we're ever going to survive beyond few hours. Also, Krebs seemed to imply that we used the Google bots for DDoS attacks... That's pretty ridiculous considering Google will automatically suspend you if they detect traffic anomalies. If we were awful at opsec we probably would have already been identified by someone. We've been going at this since August. Why bother? DNSSEC is hardly useful in real life anyway. Asking the compromised DNS server if it's been compromised is a really good way to find out if it's been compromised. 1) Is not a valid argument, or at least shouldn't be. By that logic we should completely drop UDP. Unrelated to the topic, but has Gandi decided to stop hijacking users domains and holding them hostage? I had Gandi seize a fairly decent domain of mine for "abuse" (Which is funny because the domain wasn't even in use) and communicating with the support was just a truly horrible experience, they wouldn't even tell me what the domain was actually suspended for. If you're worried about opening ports, you're doing security wrong. A simple curl reveals that it isn't... And how often are deface pages serving malware anyways? IMO it would be much more sensible to serve malware off of a page that _doesn't_ announce it has been hacked. Interestingly enough, despite malaysia airlines claiming that this is just a DNS hijack. It appears that their own CDN (Akamai) is now serving the deface page. (The page was being served by cloudflare before) Not really, the page is being served from MAS's own servers now. How can the journalist reliably evaluate who "Lizard Squad" is aligned with, especially with them repeatedly claiming to support ISIS? Which would imply that their backend was compromised, not just DNS. Unless there was something horribly wrong with their setup, akamai would have prevented that from happening. Akamai makes you to set your own DNS server for it to pull records from, the domain getting hijacked should not have any effect on what that DNS server is returning. MAS's CDN that is. The same CDN they were using before the hack even happened. Their domains DNS servers were switched to cloudflare, I'd imagine that's the DNS compromise they're referring to. Not _their_ DNS servers getting compromised. So CDN just works without having the SSL certs? You specify the nameserver for akamai to pull the zone from on the config site. Their "CDN" is quite a bit smarter than what L3 & co. run. At their scale, yeah they are. (Especially considering you wouldn't need new sats) Considering all serious attackers already bypass the CF browser check, what's the point? Mentioning in minorities in contexts that aren't explicitly positive is pretty much a holocaust-tier offense. That's nonsense, English isn't sexist by default. It's only sexist if you decide to make it so, e.g. by intentionally misinterpreting it. Are those the same women that refuse to identify as "women" and use terms such as "womyn" instead? Why bother with DNSSEC when you could be working on actually useful technologies? Malaysiaairlines.com is proxied by Akamai CDN, surely Akamai has access to the certificate used for malaysiaairlines.com then. There isn't really any valuable information FBI could get from the site, especially since TPB doesn't operate their own tracker anymore. Only possibility would be getting IPs the uploaders use to log into the site, but that's pretty far fetched. I rather doubt their plan was ever to "win" the trial by jury. The repo only got pulled because popcorntime never filed a counter notice, this is standard practice and practically required if you want to maintain your safe haven status. Taken a plea? What plea? AFAIK Ubuntu is profitable for Canonical, so I wouldn't call that a donation. Why does this matter? Reddit isn't exactly the kind of company that holds any important data worth a transparency report. Services like SSNDOB have been around for years now. We're talking 10 years old breaches here. Not sure if you're being sarcastic, but there have been bots doing this for well over 10 years now. Not sure if you're being sarcastic, but there have been bots doing this for well over 10 years now. These cables are truly wonderful for deconstructing the Mozartian spacial qualities of the sound and to perpetuate the plateau-spreading fluidity of the music. You don't need miners to process transactions. What a terribly worded and inaccurate title. The size was not seized, only the domain "kickass.so". The site has multiple (tens) of domains (that are still accessible) such as kat.ph. Just trends in the cybercrime world, and the increased publicity. To be honest, EFF isn't exactly the most reliable source on these things. They too are very very biased. Barrett Brown intentionally did everything in his power (including, but not limited to publicly threatening named FBI agents and their families) to get targeted by LE, and succeeded. Swartz? Swartz knowingly did several obviously illegal things (breaking-and-entering?) and then acted shocked when he got charged. His actions may have been morally defensible, but not legally. Law enforcement did their job there.