Is that using the latest mainline kernel? Burning cds/dvds is still a very convenient and dense affordable form of offline storage for backups and/or content hoarding. SD cards are not intended for long-term archival purposes, not 10+ years. They don't go bad per se, but the data on them may not be readable after slowly discharging offline in cold storage for a decade or more. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_rot#In_storage My personal experience has been surprisingly good even with cheap TDK CDRs I burned in the 90s still reading just fine decades later. For especially valuable data you want to preserve for 100+ years, there are "archival quality" discs [0] [1]. [0] http://mam-a-store.com/goldcdr.html [1] https://www.mediasupply.com/mamgold.html The last 10-15 years has transformed Santa Cruz into something I barely recognize anymore. It used to be really great. Abundant free parking, a huge multistory used book store (Logos), and a house turned cozy coffee shop overflowing with college students where you could spend entire days studying/working without going broke (The Perg) and without being a jerk occupying one of the few tables at the Starbucks or Peets. The last time I went there ~2 years ago I couldn't find any free parking other than the grocery store lot, and the coffee shops were hipster cafes without outlets and overpriced everything on very limited menus. At least there's still the Red Room. I'd like to know where the students go to study now instead of The Perg. I hope they're not paying through the nose at Verve Coffee. The free parking had a significant impact on what kind of people you encountered in town. I lived in a redwood forest near the coast at the time, so what Santa Cruz offered in those areas didn't really affect me. I didn't go to Santa Cruz to see redwoods or the ocean, I went for the quirky town and to hang out around interesting people in a nearby urban center (I lived in Butano SP). I guess if you were hostile to hippies living out of their vehicles parking in town and being visible on the sidewalks and at cafes like the perg. The town has changed since then, there's a lot more traffic and yuppies everywhere. The loss of free parking is just one symptom of how the place has changed. There's a lot more people and money now. It's not like the elimination of free parking has reduced the number of cars in town, it's changed the kind of people parking there. The lots still fill up, just instead of run down vans and RVs/buses and beater student vehicles it's more nice expensive vehicles. I fully expect downtown Santa Cruz to look like downtown Burlingame in the future, complete with polished stone pavers for parking spaces. That's the trajectory they're on when I last visited. > Don't live in the redwoods it's why we have fires. And I'm not sure what you're upset about here your nature destroying frontiersman fantasy is still very much alive in Bonny Doon It wasn't illicit, the area around the park isn't well defined and there's plenty of private property out there which the park's trails run straight through. I don't know what you're talking about WRT "frontiersman fantasy", my downtown Santa Cruz complaints have absolutely no relation to a frontiersman fantasy. How long is SLC flash good for? Archival quality optical discs are marketed as having a 300+ year lifespan. I've never viewed SD cards as something appropriate for long-term offline storage, is SLC flash exceptional in this regard? I was comparing the convenience of optical to tape, which is bulky and annoying, and in my experience quite unreliable. You don't even need to personally know CA-17 commuters, just try drive CA-17 during commute hours. Over last 10-15 years it's become very congested. And this doesn't even capture the many tech folks who have the luxury of working either 100% remote or commute to the office once a week. Copious and well run state parks, CA is a really great place to spend time outdoors. The local organic produce is very good too. That's just like, your opinion, man. In my experience when doing illegal modifications the transaction is not only in cash but also 100% off the books; there's no need for POS receipt shenanigans. I'll have to give that a try, I used to use the Kiss My Face 100% olive oil bars before they shut down and were acquired, now their products are awful. I've been using this [0] as a replacement which has been good but the Laurel blend seems to dry my skin more than the straight olive oil KMF bars did. [0] https://www.amazon.com/Aleppo-Soap-Hand-made-All-Natural-12-... I'm not sure what your expectations are, but I've done a lot of hiking and camping across the USA and CA does it pretty well. Typically the fees are proportional to the facilities provided. CA often provides well maintained and regularly cleaned flush toilets and even hot showers at the state parks w/campgrounds, this is far less common in other states. CA does it so well I generally prefer camping there over staying in hotels. It's typically too much of a hassle elsewhere in the country, where KOA "campgrounds" are often the only options with such facilities. I've also done a lot of day hikes in CA state parks where there's no fee. You just park at a trail head and off you go, and these sometimes even have pit toilets at the lot, still with no fee at all. Your perspective strikes me as misinformed. > There are over 100,000 flights daily. They account for about 2.5% of CO2 emissions yearly. The generally accepted emissions weighting factor for aviation co2 emissions is ~2.6. So it's more like 6.5%, and growing fast. This doesn't strike me as sad. What really strikes me as sad is: Despite understanding how inaccessibly distant alternative potentially habitable planets are, people here on earth seem utterly incapable of living sustainably on what will very likely be the only planet their species will ever comfortably inhabit. Presumably the return policies will change once there are no more brick and mortar local mattress stores to buy from. At that point, you'll only be able to buy online, and they won't need to offer returns. You have no choice but to have something delivered, or go without a mattress (my personal preference). I mostly just sleep on an area rug with a head pillow and blankets, sleeping on anything significantly more compliant just bothers my neck and back. You can achieve very similar results with a more elaborate arrangement by going traditional Japanese style, check out tatami mats if curious. Indeed. I regularly burn around $1k/mo when living simply in a cabin on my rural California property, with property taxes under $500/yr. There's a lot of rural California. The combination of modern tech enabling comfortable and connected off-grid living and UBI opens up pretty much all of it for residence, as long as there's a grocery store accessible. I chuckled, but there are actually three road courses in the NASCAR Cup Series. > Kids have nothing to do with it. Kids do tend to consume time which may have otherwise been used for work or work-related personal development. Time is finite, it's not just a binary matter of caring vs. not caring, it's also higher priorities displacing lower ones. > I often think about that when I'm waiting for my meal in a plane, seating in row 33 or higher. Odds are my choice won't be available when they finally get to me. I can choose not to eat, but it's more likely I will end up choosing from what's available. Considering what we've come to understand about the benefits of fasting and the mediocrity of airplane food, you're probably better off skipping the meal. Obligatory Carlin on the topic of voting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIraCchPDhk Edit: American Dream chaser: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-14SllPPLxY > These things are nigh indestructible in my experience. Not in my experience. When new the plastic has enough flex to tolerate some abuse, but that doesn't last very long - especially if exposed to UV. Polypropylene does not like being exposed to direct sunlight. Most used examples I've encountered are brittle and break easily if not already cracked. They're disposable plastic garbage. The broad side needs to face the sun for optimal thermal gain, so they all end up ~parallel to one another, and ~perpendicular to the sun's rays. FWIW I've setup Raspberry Pi W cameras [0] as security and garage door opener (w/relay on GPIO) cameras for friends/family, using MotionEye [1] as the interface. I just use a cheap VPS like Vultr [2] to terminate persistent ssh tunnels from the cameras and run a self-signed https gateway into them. It's under $5/mo for the cheapest VPS option. It's a bit of work to get it set up, but nothing crazy hard if you know your way around something resembling a LAMP stack and ssh tunnels. There's no third parties integrated so you control the data and have a lot fewer privacy/safety concerns in general. If there's no wifi available, at&t offers mobile hotspot prepay service for as low as $25/mo. [0] https://www.adafruit.com/product/3414 [1] https://github.com/ccrisan/motioneye [2] https://www.vultr.com/ I've been relying on the command= syntax of .authorized_keys to restrict what's possible, but I'm not 100% confident in that being impervious to intrusion should someone get access to the on-camera SSH tunnel private keys. Wireguard is somewhere on my mental todo list for possible replacement of these tunnels, but they do the job and SSH is going to be listening either way to admin the VPS. Not really, the best thing you can do is not expose the car to salt in the first place. I once worked on an enthusiast's classic car back in the midwest which was exceptionally clean. The owner said every time he drove it in the winter or rain, which was rarely, he would put it in the air on the lift in his garage, and spray the car from below with WD-40 he purchased by the drum. That seemed to have helped, but it's no panacea, and there's definitely rubber stuff which will be unhappy about getting WD-40 soaked regularly. Aluminum gets pretty gnarly where in contact with steel, especially when you add salt water. I'd be surprised if Tesla's fasteners and sub-assemblies were all aluminum. Source: In a former life I worked as a mechanic in the rust belt. I've had absolutely zero problems with them overheating, and that's even using them as security cameras in a desert cabin without AC, where outside ambient temps exceed 120F. The only thing I did to prepare them for that abuse was adding a small adhesive-backed aluminum heat sink [0] to the CPU. It only required some filing of the fins to fit in the tight packaging of the camera enclosure. I never attempted running them without the heat sink, knowing it was going to be a rough desert life for them. So I can't even say if it was necessary. It's also possible my software settings which are optimized to minimize wifi bandwidth and storage consumption are helping keep things cool. The `motion` process is only using around 15% CPU continuously, and the loadavg hovers around .27, FWIW. [0] https://www.adafruit.com/product/3084 Hence the word implementation accompanying experience , which was not omitted in the citation you're responding to. Neat writeup, I haven't played the game but was surprised to see so much aliasing around objects in his screenshots considering everything was on "max settings". Does TW3 predate ubiquitous use of MSAA or FXAA techniques? That rationale works for motorcycles, general aviation planes have both a dismal safety record and can destroy an entire home or crash into a sky-scraper, etc. For some reason I don't get creative and productive until the hours I should be sleeping. Throughout my teens and twenties (I'm in my 40s now) I indulged this tendency and it served me well, often staying up for multiple days without realizing it and the productivity was incredible. Since then I've become more interested in preserving/improving my health and how such behaviors may be harming it, so I try to keep a regular sleep schedule and it does seem to be better for my general well-being. The down side is, I am never anywhere near as productive as I've been in the "sleep is for the dead" mode of operating. Occasionally I'll revisit that mode to get something that's been dragging on finished, and it's always incredibly effective. I wish I understood why long waking hours seem to stimulate my mind and coerce myself into the deep flow state. Colleagues have recommended I try Adderall in the past to enter that mode at-will with a pill, but I've always been averse to becoming dependent on a pharmaceutical to do something I can already do naturally. I wonder what's more harmful to self: regular sleep deprivation or consumption of amphetamines in the daytime? No, I would stay up for 2-3 days straight and it'd end with just a longish ~12 hour sleep, often leaving me with a sleep cycle randomly out of phase with the rest of the world to boot. The stuff I've read about sleep being when your brain bathes itself in spinal fluid convinced me this was probably not a good long-term strategy for preserving cognitive health. If it's an existential thing, and, judging from your description, perhaps a hint of paranoia, then I'd be a bit optimistic about overcoming it with either some regular meditation/mindful introspection or maybe therapy. It'd be nice if we understood the actual causes of things like dementia and alzheimers so we could make better informed decisions regarding behaviors like sleep deprivation. Even if we couldn't cure those conditions, just understanding something like "it's 50% more likely you'll lose your mind if you don't sleep 8 hours most nights" would be super useful. Yikes, I had no idea Tesla's kool-aid was so effective. It seems like there should already be an industry term for this, it's like the autonomous systems version of the "uncanny valley" [0]. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_valley > I've noticed myself able to sometimes get some huge breakthroughs in the late night hours. My personal theory on this is that something dream-associated is still switching on from a purely hours-awake scheduled mechanism. Dreams are inherently creative and cerebral, and it feels like I'm just tapping into some of that by staying up late and working while my brain is wearing pajamas. I don't know if you've ever dabbled with more extreme forms of sleep deprivation, but at a certain point, in my experience, a full-on wakeful dreaming state is entered where fully featured dreams are playing in the visual field while the eyes are still open. The brain definitely has the ability to essentially dream while awake. Experiencing those things made me start suspecting sleep deprivation was a way to tap into the dream world for productivity/creativity/focus advantages. The anecdote implies the person may not even be homeless, they just appear homeless and crippled as a means of earning income, it's literally their career. When I worked in "the loop" of downtown Chicago I'd walk a mile or so from where I parked my motorcycle to the office @ 1 N. State. Every day I walked past the same people pan-handling on the same corners. Many had signs with invented stories to try garner pity from suckers, stuff that was obviously fictional to anyone who had been walking past these people every business day for years , like "Stranded traveler, need money for bus fare" kind of stuff. One day it became clear why some stuck with the stranded traveler story; it enabled them to wear normal, even classy high-end clothing, and not even have to be dirty-looking. On that day as I walked past a woman doing this I noticed she was wearing a new pair of some exceptionally fancy shoes, and the price tag sticker was still visible on the sole: $499. On another occasion, I recognized one of these people but off-duty, crouched against the exterior wall of Sears trying to light a cigarette with a match, with their wheeled suitcase parked between themself and the wall. It was windy (Chicago) and I had a lighter, so I went over to help them with a light and as I got close enough to reach their cigarette I saw inside their "stranded traveler" prop suitcase they had left open: it appeared to be full of cash. Another pro for the stranded traveler gimmick: it gives you reason to have a suitcase to hide the sizable stash. These folks probably weren't homeless, they just earned an easy living by acting like they were in a relatable bind of a situation to fellow tourists in a busy city. I got to know someone who lived homelessly for a few years on the streets of Chicago, and he said real homeless people in Chicago are easily identified by their clothes and possessions being bleach-stained. Apparently the municipal crews would spray down the encampments on lower wacker where they'd stay warm through winter, without warning. So people who slept down there would have all their possessions/clothing ruined by the bleach. This was decades ago, I don't know if it's still applicable. I read in a news article that people were catching it again after recovering, IIRC it was in reference to medical professionals working in China. And apparently it can survive on a stainless steel surface for 36 hours. [0] Also from [0] however: "Sunlight will cut the virus ability to grow in half so the half-life will be 2.5 minutes and in the dark it’s about 13m to 20m. Sunlight is really good at killing viruses. That’s why I believe that Australia and the southern hemisphere will not see any great infections rates because they have lots of sunlight and they are in the middle of summer. And Wuhan and Beijing is still cold which is why there’s high infection rates. In regards to temperature, the virus can remain intact at 4 degrees or 10 degrees for a longer period of time. But at 30 degrees then you get inactivation. And High humidity the virus doesn’t like it either. That’s why I think Sars stopped around May and June in 2003 – that’s when there’s more sunlight and more humidity. The environment is a crucial factor. The environment will be unfavourable for growth around May. The evidence is to look at the common cold – it’s always during winter. So the natural environment will not be favourable in Asia in about May." I believe this is the main reason May is the deadline for containment. [0] https://www.fwdeveryone.com/t/puzmZFQGRTiiquwLa6tT-g/confere... > When I was in a mild emergency one thing the experts did that stood out to me was forcing us all to take a break and cook a warm meal. It made a significant difference to perceived energy level and judgement, even if it wasn't strictly necessary. It does wonders for morale, otherwise it's really not that necessary unless you're running exceptionally low in the adipose department to begin with. > all sugar as fat and protein prevent hunger from subsiding I think you've got that inverted. People easing into intermittent fasting are often recommended they start with keto to get fat-as-fuel adapted and begin their intermittent fasts with a few days of keto for the very reason that it gets through the hunger pangs while still being able to eat, just avoiding carbs. > I personally perceived a benefit to focus, concentration, and problem solving People often describe the same things about ketogenic diets and fasting, which are both fat burning modes. The issue is if you only get into the flux state where you're in between modes. That's where you're hangry, irritable, and can't focus because all you can think about is your hunger. In that condition feeding restores normal operation, and can seem like the only path to recovery. But it actually passes eventually, and what happens afterwards seems kind of remarkable if you've never done it before. Water is a different story, but food is really quite optional until the fat buffers start experiencing underruns and your muscles start getting cannibalized, then you're starting to get into trouble. We've evolved to not just struggle through periods of food scarcity, we actually perform well and can be surprisingly athletic without food. It makes sense to me, since when we're without food we need to be on our game and go find some or eventually we'd die. When fasting, for me anyways, it really feels like a keyed-up high-alert almost stimulated mode of operating. I've gone on long hikes and runs after not eating for multiple days, it's kind of preferable now so I don't have to carry any food and it's more pleasant to do physical activities with an empty abdomen. Edit: Above where I wrote "feeding restores normal operation", I'm assuming that "normal operation" isn't a ketogenic diet, and feeding includes carbs. People already in ketosis don't go through this suffering phase when starting a fast, because it already happened when they ceased consuming carbs. Or mosquitoes and the malaria they spread... Malaria was responsible 405,000 deaths globally in 2018 according to [0]. [0] https://www.who.int/news-room/feature-stories/detail/world-m... Entire families don't die from mild chest colds without hospital care. The parent mentioned Zika, any such list including Zika would be incomplete without Malaria as well. I agree that covid-19 seems to have a larger potential breadth, and didn't intend to downplay its significance.