In fact, the fact that a letter could not encrypt to itself was part of the weaknesses of the Enigma machines used by the Germans during WWII, which eventually led to its breakage. It seems to me that this could be improved with a few handy shortcuts. Because it is actually running your commands in an actual interpreter, executing unplanned commands is only a problem because you can't input it. Having a few keystrokes to go back, edit/enter a command, go to line N, would make this problem disappear. Or do it the other way, and have a keystroke insert the next line from your script. Like Ctrl-R, but at the speed of my typing. How easy is it to generate the level from the set of tiles? I don't suppose you can name this magical institute that has more women applicants and staff? The fact that they are providing a rating instead of preference doesn't in any way prevent them from overcompensating. gRPC is not necessarily the magical tool everyone would like to believe. It is mostly developed by Google with a lot of magic in it. For instance, in Python using gRPC is totally incompatible with multiprocessing (meaning: it will crash both processes) and has been for a year (1.4.0...1.8.4), because of all the C logic (and multiple threads) running behind it. I for one am glad they didn't go towards custom protocols with single complex implementations, towards something that can be assembled easily from standard components. Using a blurred version of the whole image as background is probably better than what the OP is doing, as I understand it he's treating the background as a single fixed color. In particular my use case is cleaning up pictures of whiteboards, where the brightness from the room is not as constant as a scan, and the approach wouldn't work at all. Probably an easy PR for that repo though? Maybe I'm confused, but how this announcement from Facebook contain personal data? Twitter used to have RSS versions of every profile, accessible through api.twitter.com without credentials. It was awesome. They retired it years ago... I took the time to make a proxy (Twitter API to RSS), and though I did write a few more, a lot more services still provide feeds (such as YouTube, Reddit, Steam, GitHub) than I thought they would. RSS is still going strong. Isn't that where they are doing with the "paid subscriptions"? Twitch has that already with the "subscribe" and "bits" buttons. The step being changing their monetization policy without notice or warning, or blocking a popular channel for everyone? I never saw the amount of the donations as a limitation in the platform. Maybe the fact that it is so easy to setup many donations push donors to spread out their money too much? The amount of the donations was always the number one complaint I saw against getting donations through this platform... Personally I don't think I want to use them anymore if they move away from recurring donations to giving it all at once, like the blog post suggests. I wouldn't call the "live bookmark" feature a "traditional reader" either. It is actually pretty unique, and doesn't scale very well. Can't talk for the parent, but things like ..=, impl Trait (especially for arguments), new try/catch syntax, ... were pretty controversed (and that's among the accepted RFCs only). Zulip seems to be trying for "a better Slack", down to the (disgusting) pricing model centered around keeping your message history hostage. I have no need for a slightly better Slack. I can see how your topics make it slightly better to find message, but how do I find topics once there are hundreds of them? How do I find unrelated issues that popped up in a thread, like they tend to do in human conversation, and that people didn't bother to make into a new topic? "sets" is the English word you used You claim this is open-source, however I don't see an easy way to run this myself without relying on your infrastructure and signup up for an account there. Your "analyse locally" option requires an API key and is therefore very much misnamed. Hangouts and GotoMeeting are the only things I open in Chrome. I'm also completely sold on Tree Style Tabs, and I don't think I could now live without... Why is Java, a byte-compiled statically-typed language, "bloated", while R it SQL, interpreted scripting languages, not? I find the point hard to follow. Execution of an R script will go through many more "layers", downloaded from many different sources, and implemented in different languages. Those permissions though... I'd rather use an RSS Reader that doesn't access my camera, look at my pictures, control my wifi, and look and my call information. Yes. Ruby is not that slow, this is not quite the throughput that will require load-balancing or even caching. This is simply multiple Euclidian regions stiched together by portals. Seems very limited compared to actual non-Euclidian renderers like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pmSPlYHxoY SSH has a configuration file (.ssh/config) which lets you set configuration for specific hosts and even aliases: Host reproserver User remi Hostname 128.122.217.96 IdentityFile ~/.ssh/id_rpz This is exactly what I needed. I set up this exact shortcut years ago, in Chrome, and have been slightly annoyed for months that "r sub/top" didn't work on Firefox. Thank you stranger. How do I get notified when this happens? While that page technically has an RSS feed, I am not hopeful that it is the kind that will update when you update the site. Then it should probably be "une IHM", for "Interface Homme-Machine". There are garbage collection libraries in progress: rust-gc[1] and shifgrethor[2]. If you mean language support, then no, not really, though it was discussed in https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/415 [1]: https://github.com/Manishearth/rust-gc [2]: https://github.com/withoutboats/shifgrethor Either also lives on in the `futures` library, where it is used when you have multiple things that can happen in your asynchronous task and you want to stick to static types rather than returning a trait object. https://docs.rs/futures/0.1/futures/future/enum.Either.html I also feel like this approach is a lot more valuable in languages that use static typing, such as Rust, Java, and TypeScript. In a yolo-typed language, it is just as easy to forget to handle the return type or the thrown exception. You should back off whatever the error. This is on the client to implement. 429 is not directly supported by HTTP libraries to make the client wait, so I don't feel like it would help getting misbehaving bots to slow down. You can't wait to renew, or someone who's willing to pay the price will steal your domain. Can you elaborate on this? If someone pwned my container and is able to execute commands, what does it change whether they get to use a text editor? Otherwise, what does it change whether unused programs are around? I am also surprised by how much this seems to be an answer to that movement, yet it comes a year after this apparent deadlock and all this fighting. Agreed, this is really far from technical debt. It's self-contained, the purpose of the function is clear. Add a comment or two, a unit test, and this is perfect. What I would call technical debt is if he had inlined those tricks all over his code, making it very hard to debug a wrong result or move away from this technique. It's even more puzzling since those quotes are not required in JavaScript... Also the Steam Linux client. If seen whiteboards used for this, by people not knowledgeable enough to setup something like Doc (or rather, not organized enough to set it up in advance). Then someone snaps a picture and sends it around. My experience is quite different. I am experiencing a 500 error on every push to the container registry in my project, I contacted GitLab support over two weeks ago, and the person has clearly no idea how to debug this (and seems very unfamiliar with GitLab, for example couldn't find the web page for my container registry from my Docker image name, e.g. registry.gitlab.com/my/project -> gitlab.com/my/project/container_registry). Very disappointed. This reads like a complete 180 on the previous policy. It's very far from a "change of wording". Don't get me wrong, I welcome it, and if the most we can get I feel like it is acceptable. However calling it a "change of wording" is a bit dishonest, really you reverted it completely in response to the negative feedback. Be careful that some of those files explicitly include others. For example my (default) ~/.profile includes ~/.bashrc, my ~/.bash_profile includes ~/.profile, /etc/profile includes /etc/bash.bashrc... So your capture here doesn't show only the files that bash itself decided to load. You also won't see the fallback files (e.g. bash will open .profile if .bash_profile doesn't exist). If you're using the Docker image (grafana/grafana), GF_AUTH_ANONYMOUS_ENABLED=true > there are None jobs ahead of yours... Sounds like I'll be getting it soon then :) If you crawl a package repository such as PyPI, you will find a lot of that same stuff in packages as well. Which is even weirder because those are created from a setup.py which does not have a `git add .` equivalent. People are not good at building clean archives. Isn't that what GVFS is? https://github.com/Microsoft/VFSForGit I'm not totally sure what the point of this is. This is advertised as exit codes "for humans and machines", however * humans will always get way more information from a readable error message printed to stderr before exiting * machines do not care about error details from third-party tools, apart from whether they are an input error (which can be blamed on the user, if they provided said input) or an internal error (including usage error) which is a bug and should be fixed by the calling program's developer Indeed, the README has a lot of examples of using it in your child program, to report error, but no example of a parent program dealing with the reported error. I take "aujourd'hui" to mean "today" and "au jour d'aujourd'hui" to mean "to this day", which is not the same. And the famous "Qu'est-ce que c'est que cette chose là ?", meaning "what is this thing", but literally "what is this that this is that this thing there?" I understand it to be slightly different, but I am not trying to argue for its use. The problem is that we are considering an issue where different people can get different objects for the same hash. If the people checking all see the valid files, they cannot raise any alarms to save the poor victims who got poisoned with the wrong objects. They'll clone from the wrong fork, and no amount of checking hashes or signed tags will prevent them from running compromised code. If this is your threat model, you don't need hashes or signed tags at all. Good for you. Thankfully both Fossil and Git disagree with you and take the threat seriously :)