I'm an original author of the code and I made it out of curiosity, not for other reasons. I also prefer readable (and concise) code in general, but shortening the code is a very different matter -- it is a sport (sometimes called code golfing) and not necessarily connected to good programming skills. And note that I have spent (and had to spend) only 24 hours to do it: code golfing is very time-consuming and 24 hours are often short for this standard. ;) For the Brainfuck interpreter, I was also motivated by this StackOverflow question: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1053931/code-golf-shortes... In this sense it does have a practical implication to gauge the minimal possible Turing-complete language implementation. Quid?! Some of my friends verified the case. Highlights: - PHP 5.3.3-1ubuntu9.1 i686 build (built on Oct 15 2010 14:17:04) hits the bug. - PHP 5.3.3-1ubuntu9.1 x86_64 build (built on Oct 15 2010 14:00:18) doesn't have the bug. In the i686 build ltrace shows the memcpy call repeating infinitely, suggesting the bug originates from 32-bit and 64-bit problems. Follow-up: PROBLEM SOLVED. This problem occurs due to IA-32's 80-bit floating point arithmetic. The simple fix: add a "-ffloat-store" flag to your CFLAGS. The problematic function, zend_strtod, seems to parse the mantissa (2.225...011 part) and the exponent (-308 part) separately, calculate the approximation of m*10^e and successively improve that approximation until the error becomes less than 0.5ulp. The problem is that this particular number causes the infinite loop (i.e. the iteration does not improve the error at all) in 80-bit FP, but does not in 64-bit FP. Since x86-64 in general uses the SSE2 instruction set (with 64-bit FP) instead of the deprecated x87 it does not have this problem. Ah, your point is correct. In my defense, I was just tried to be conservative. Seriously, yes. South Korea censors the North Korean websites and some illegal ones (heavy porn, for example) too. I think there are no known such instances against the free speech rather than NK-related ones, but I'm afraid that there might be in the future. If you like JofUR then you may also enjoy Rejecta Mathematica: http://math.rejecta.org/ (Note: it is in fact serious by the way.) I am the author of that website, and I must say that that's basically a huge mess with Makefile, Apache, Mako, Pandoc and Mercurial. ;) They served me well however, and with services like Disqus I think most personal websites can be made of static contents entirely. (Well, I do not use Disqus but I do use Tumblr with a theme synchronized to my main website.) Someday I'll try to package my solution, but that is an another story... Sorry for the confusion; I have edited the post to use the correct term since then. I heartily agree Ton Hospel's solution is amazing (I DID know the existence of the solution), but it is not the same problem. The main difference comes from the difference between C and Perl (you cannot use crypt() in C unless you sacrifice the portability, and Perl's y/...// will cost more bytes in C), and also from the practicalness (my program filters more invalid words out, reducing false positives a lot). Therefore I believe the direct comparison is meaningless here. And you'll end up with the complexity of dependencies with mismatched and/or incompatible versions. Adding a dependency explicitly to the source code is the ultimate, albeit somewhat inefficient, solution which is often useful. In Python, for example, BeautifulSoup has long recommended this practice. See also the SQLite amalgamation for another example of a single-file deployment: http://www.sqlite.org/amalgamation.html I cannot understand why the high C proportion is considered "good"; while it is (still) unusual to write kernels in languages other than C and there is a good reason for it, it does not necessarily mean that a kernel not in C is inferior to a kernel in C. How about BeOS and Haiku, for example? A (quite large) subset of Unicode characters, to be specific. Of course some "letters" are hardly recognizable as letters for many people (for example, Vai syllabary) but they are used as letters in at least one script. No, playing fun with the system itself could be useful in unexpected ways. Like esoteric programming languages (leads to the serious exploration of unconventional computation models), code golfing and obfuscated codes (helps shaping the knowledge of a particular language and often leads to the clever way to tackle problems), demoscenes (you know where the Spore came from) and hacking (with the original meaning). As long as you are aware of doing something unconventional, it is fine to keep these sports. If he/she did put these logos in production then I'll object though. I'm so glad about this response from W3C (I do criticize the general bureaucracy of W3C though). In many aspects, I felt that the recent moves of the HTML living standard were much like that of XHTML2: - Why do keep the redundant element while we can add the href attribute to all elements? - Why do keep while we can generalize the line structure via ? (NB: I'm not sure about the exact element name) Is removing in favor of really different from these statements? How about C-q as an alternative? It is same as C-v (in the default readline mapping) and generally unused. It does not conflict even with Windows' use of C-v. One of problems with the resubmission is that it (intentionally or accidentally) ignores prior discussions until someone manually points out. The resubmission itself is not a problem, as you mentioned, however. I guess a small link to the prior discussions or the HNSearch link to given URL will do a job. I personally prefer the latter, but it seems that HNSearch only indexes the domain name of the URL. Unfortunately there are lots of OpenType features without a good representative name. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_typographic_features As thristian points out, font-feature-settings should be a last resort for rarely-used features without a separate syntax. It is not meant to set all features down. It is correct that W3C certainly lacks the ability to coordinate different vendors. But is it good to abandon the coordination process altogether? No, the problem here is a standardization process and not a coordination process. You at least have to coordinate vendors to maintain the very baseline, no matter Web standard is means or not. (If you don't agree on this, you'd be better looking at the past...) Someone should really bring up the better alternative than Web standard, and not only criticize it. I read it Chrome Mutalisk Mode at a distance for a moment. At least it mutates the cursor. The Java Language Specification indeed states that the shift amount should be ANDed with 31 or 63, depending on a type of the left-hand operand. I guess Notch did not intend this behavior, however. http://docs.oracle.com/javase/specs/jls/se7/html/jls-15.html... > It's much more work than the 26 latin characters, but most of the font design is going to be copy/paste. Not quite. While the minimal Hangul font design requires two sets of initial consonants, one set of vowels and two sets of final consonants (often called 2x1x2), it would be very quirky. Many bitmap fonts used the 8x4x8 design or its variant, the commercially available TrueType/OpenType fonts now have more than 30 sets of subtly differing glyphs. It is easier than drawing all 11,172+ glyphs but not much. Modern Korean no longer distinguishes a prolonged sound at least in the written form. Virtually all words that cannot be set apart without a prolonged sound have been changed to those that can. For example, a short 이 ("teeth") and a long 이 ("two") are now homonym in most dialects of Korean; the former 이 has many synonyms like 이빨 or 치아 however, so they can be often distinguished without a context. Right. Even worse, a grass radical (艸/艹) has more than several dozens of possible glyphs. It includes the biological water that would include the water in trees as well. Well, unless you are saying the dead trees... Please mind that the report was written in 1954. The real complexity of programming and computing in general was not fully understood at that time. (I'm confident that we still do not understand it in its entirety, however.) ISO 8601 defines a number of lesser known features. For example, it allows for not only fractional seconds (12:34:56.78) but also fractional hours (12.3) and minutes (12:34.93). There is a special notation for the midnight of certain day (24:00:00 or 24:00), and obviously another for a positive leap second (08:59:60 etc.). There are three ways to write a date: 2012-05-21, 2012-W21-1 and 2012-142. Intervals can be specified in terms of start and end, start and duration, duration and end, just a duration (i.e. no context). There are also recurring intervals which can be bounded in the number of recurrences or not. And so on and on and on. That said, ISO 8601 tries to cover most cases for date/time representation. Implementing every bit of ISO 8601 is not desirable of course, but it is certainly worth looking at. I should note that the appearance of Blockly is very similar to App Inventor[1]. It seems that visual programming languages with imperative and sequential semantics converge to one direction: "blocky" combining core primitives and custom primitives. In this sense I think it's THE future of domain-specific languages. [1] http://www.appinventor.org/ Heck, isn't it supposed to use type="password" in its input element? Regardless of the prior behavior, that particular behavior was not documented [1] and subject to change. I do think it is PHP's (very big) fault that the proper documentation on various edge cases is missing, but it is a bit too much to disallow PHP to change undocumented behaviors. That said, the proper documentation is not enough (and PHP does not get this right either); it's rather a mere prerequisite. [1] http://php.net/number-format says the first argument expects float, and does not say what happens if it receives non-floats. It is possible to add a catch-all clause to the documentation. For example any non-float argument is converted to float via floatval(), or raises an error, and so on. This behavior can be made consistent across every API so that the documentation has only one place to describe it. PHP is missing this either AFAIK. > What's "Provider"? It's because it is a part of a collection of numerous pages named "Putting Information onto the Web". Its audience is obviously (content) providers, which the URI reflects. Jason Hutchens wrote a paper about his winning entry (linked in the OP), which is just as interesting as the OP. The relevant discussion starts from Chapter 7. http://www.nyu.edu/gsas/dept/philo/courses/mindsandmachines/... To be exact, {} + {} is NaN only when used as a statement. In fact it is equivalent to {}; +{} which results in the last statement being evaluated as NaN. When you put parentheses around it (e.g. ({}+{})) it evaluates to "[object Object][object Object]", which should be obvious from [] + {} if it were indeed obvious. It is mainly related to the fact that parseInt in JS slightly converts a positive infinity to a string "Infinity". Base 19 does not add anything to the humor. And well, neither does the presence of a positive infinity itself. So yes, this is nothing to do with JS being a dynamic language (which main feature is not a variable/slot but a value having a type), but it's something to do with it being a weakly typed language (which main feature is an implicit and generally unpredictable type conversion). Of course many popular dynamic languages are still strongly typed in this sense. It's an abstraction all the way down. Somewhat related: http://xkcd.com/676/ And you should bring him a bottle. To be exact, we are still not good at predicting WHAT solution to those problems will appear. That's why optimistic entries are largely incorrect (to my standard). λJS is a mathematically formalized version of (a subset of) JavaScript. It is not like a traditional mathematical definition (computer scientists often use a tool named "operational semantics" to greatly simplify this stuff) but nevertheless can be analyzed as like a mathematical one. To the extent that they claimed to prove the soundness, i.e. any well-formed program which λJS thinks to be valid should not go other ways that λJS does not allow. This forms a basic premise that can be used to analyze λJS program (and hopefully, actual JavaScript program). Of course, this holds when λJS is really correct and a good model for JavaScript. Unfortunately they have found that there is a severe hole left in λJS after they had a (now wrong) correctness theorem. In light of this problem, they now mechanically proved that there are no more holes left in λJS. Unlike a hand-written proof a mechanized proof can be verified by a relatively simple[1] program, so you don't need to believe yourself but just the program. As mechanized proofs need to describe every detail, this is not a simple task, and that's what they did. [1] A lot simpler than the actual human. Thank you for the clarification. I've certainly oversimplified things too much, as my explanation was intended for layman (for example, I did not bother about the technical meaning of "valid" and "correct"). The word "traditional" meant that most people without PL knowledge would not have seen that (albeit the structural definition is far more basic than many other kinds of definitions). In the other hands, I forgot that the claim described in Section 3 of the ECOOP paper does not use a hand-written proof---I think the paper utilizes a handful number of other hand-written proofs, however. Having tried to augment and test λJS myself, I'm very glad to hear that it is now fully mechanized. Keep up good work, :-) Only when the comment is indeed intended to be a sarcasm. If you want to mark the comment sarcasm you have plenty of methods, e.g. . 1) The primary reason to do separate releases is because the winning entries do not appear in the website as is. As far as I know the judges have to write separate remarks, the authors have to check any remaining problems and judges and authors have to agree on the finished write-ups. While it is a bit tedious, given the number of winning entries it seems reasonable. 2) Yup, agreed. For example the current website does not allow inspecting the code without downloading it first. (That's why I love www2.us.ioccc.org...) 3) They are not ordinary logos. They are made from the ray tracers from previous IOCCC winners (2004/garave and 2011/zucker, respectively). I do think that those logos should really link to the relevant entries, however. Oh, thank you a lot! Should have sent emails before, but I always forget... I've also posted the history (or, "scratchpad") of my winning code (2012/kang) to Gist: https://gist.github.com/3909337 (possible spoilers ahead) Okay, it is quite cryptic and a bit unorganized (as I frantically updated the code as I saw any optimization opportunity), but it may be interesting to see how the code is gradually shorten. Nice, but I should note that JITing does not improve performance greatly. Many basic arithmetic operations take O(n) or O(n^2) time, and as you cannot access arbitrary cells in the arbitrary order so most memory access operations also take at least O(n) time. There are handful optimizers that can optimize them provided that the program uses only a fixed amount of cells, but AFAIK there are no such optimizers in general. If you plan to implement an optimization, I recommend a pointer propagation. This is very simple and still lots of optimizers ignore it. For example, mem += 3; while (mem[0]) { mem += 1; mem[0] -= 1; mem += 1; } mem -= 4; mem[0] = 0; becomes: while (mem[3]) { mem[1] -= 1; mem += 2; } mem[-1] = 0; mem -= 1; /* you can safely ignore this at the end of file */ where every relative memory access has been adjusted. Since it only affects the relative memory access, it is safe to apply the optimization to unbalanced loops as long as you keep the stride (a net pointer adjustment) at the end of the loop body. It is a spec. Python in general prefers a statement over an expression, so the while statement does not have an expression form. You are recreating Kolmogorov complexity there. Kolmogorov complexity is defined as the minimal amount of program (for some programming language) to recreate the given string. By the definition, your strategy will compress the data no better than its Kolmogorov complexity. In this aspect, Kolmogorov complexity measures the data's true randomness. If the random data has been generated correctly its complexity should be near its length, however, so your strategy won't work. (And there is enough evidence that this was the case.) It does not matter whether the data is already known or not; it is the data's inherent randomness prohibiting you to compress it. To be sure, of course, Patrick Craig did not compress it in the pure information theoretic sense. Mike Goldman failed to equate the goal to that information theoretic compression however. I don't know if waf is really faster than other alternatives, but having used waf in production, I can safely say that deploying waf is at best hellish. A single-file script with zipimported package that extracts itself to a world-writable hidden directory? Crazy. Similar to Wikipedia. That is, every triple ("statement") present in the Wikidata may have an associated source. This is a mechanized version of [citation needed]... Similar but not exactly. To my understanding, Wikibase was introduced to avoid the duplication of language-neutral information (like infoboxes) and to improve the coherence of same subject on multiple projects (like cross-language interwikis). Both are similar goals (and can be realized with the very same tools like RDF) but the latter is quite specific to Wikimedia projects. Not exactly, unique smart pointer (~-ptr) does not need the reference counting at all. It is comparable to a raw pointer with much stronger compile time check. In fact, I think using unique smart pointers does not require the runtime at all (I'm not sure as I'm still scratching the surface of rustc).