Hi guys, this is Simone Brunozzi, the "new hire" at Amazon.com. Second Life is not the new holy grail, I just said that it was a key factor for me. Second Life is still in its infancy, and it's useful only in specific situations. I consider evangelists very important for an organization such as Amazon. They don't have an explicit position on Second Life, though. Best, Hi Spyrosk, the videos will be available shortly. If you want to get updated, send me an email (you find the contacts on my Twitter page, @simon). Best, Simone Thanks, evilswan. Do you have any feedback on how to improve it? I will shortly release a video version of it. Best, Simone Yannis, which service would you like to see covered this way? If multiple ones, which one should have the priority? Best, Simone (T: @simon) The video is now available here: http://slidesha.re/qefqHn (about 35 minutes) Best regards, Simone Since you need money quickly, this is what I suggest: 1) Sell your stuff on Ebay or Craigslist or similar. 2) Find temporary work for a company that pays decent money (Lyft, Uber, TaskRabbit, Mechanical Turk, etc). 3) My favorite: call a good friend, tell them that you need 2k within a few weeks, and offer a written payback promise. This way your friend will not feel in a too awkward situation, and you'll be able to give him his money back. Ask for a 4-month deadline payment, and offer interest (let's say 60 dollars?). If he's a friend, he'll help. If your friend is able/willing to give you only 1k, accept it. And find another friend who will lend the other 1k. It's doable, and there's nothing to be ashamed of. Then find some meaningful ways to repay that debt. Good luck. Hope it goes well. Before thinking about enhancing tranportation, we should ask ourselves IF we need to travel more. In the last five years I took 500 flights (all on economy class except for two), and I also took about 100 train rides. For "short" trips ( Sometimes I see random acts of kindness (like yours), and they still surprise me. I bet every one of us did a few, and received a few. Sown, you should go! Matt, you rock!!!! LOL! Interesting! My view is that "how to teach" is way more difficult, and therefore important, than simple subject knowledge. I can find dozens of very expert Developers, willing to teach for a good salary. However, rarely these people have the skills to teach effectively. Can you tell us more about why Jeff is great at teaching? Examples? Great job, Jeff! Any specific reason why you need this? Can you explain the use case? The article is quite nice, but I have to say that there's nothing surprising. I found it a bit shallow. Also, it would have been nice to change the title into "3 things we have done right so far AT OUR STARTUP". Cheers, Me too, more or less. Sad. Good point. I think that if the "mother" company can fund the startups, without getting in the way, and accept a reasonable equity, then it's a good formula for success. I'm sorry to hear this. I love my dad, who is still alive, and I think I should try to spend more good time with him, now that we live far away. My sympathy to you, Notch. Agree with you, $crazygringo. Most of the time, when people talk about it: Europe = DE, FR, sometimes UK, more rarely IT/CH/AT and scandinavian countries. Asia = "chinese" Asia, which is China and South East Asia. South America = Brazil This is a good thing, but having known Canonical and Ubuntu since the start (2004), I would really love to see them succeed in the desktop market first. This initiative will de-focus their efforts. I admire them, and wish them good luck anyway. Nice initiative. A pity I won't be in town. It would be nice if you could post some videos after the event. Good luck! This is super cool, Tom! Good luck :) The slides are awesome! Great work. I also like speakerdeck a lot. This is an amazing methaphor. :) It seems like a simple but nice idea. Good luck! I just signed up :) What would be the best way to play DF on a not-so-powerful machine? It seems that rendering the ASCII art is a serious CPU dwell... Nice job guys! Good luck! Good luck! LOL! You're abs right :) I know I'm almost OT, but let's consider for a moment the topic of "tipping taxi drivers". I find it completely unfair to tip cab drivers, and yet, they give it for granted it all to time. The couple of times I tipped less then expected I had to meet angry reactions. Wow, even the "1000 limited edition poster prints". Crazy. I remember it when it came out. It was a success because of media attention. It sparkled a "gold rush" to buy these pixels while they lasted. Sometimes people do crazy things. :) That's actually cool. I am from Italy (Umbria), and I can appreciate why you do it. In which area are you doing it? Just curious. Great story! Very smart. I was just thinking about it. I think there would be a tough competition on being the ugliest. I challenge you! :) Amen. Finally. I keep seeing too many "social" ones, they grab all the attention. Where are the others? LOL :) I tend to agree with you, even if I am no expert. I am copying this from a recent blog post that I've written. Hopefully it's good advice. Let me know what you think. 3) What did I learn? Now you might want to ask: after 500 talks, presentations, keynotes and the like, what did I learn? Many things, among which: 3.1) Somebody in the audience is smarter than you: no matter how smart, focused, sharp you are, you’ll always find someone who is smarter, more prepared, more skilled. Which means: be humble, and if you don’t know something, just say so. People don’t pretend that you know everything; they just want you to be honest. 3.2) Slides are only a small part of a presentation: you present to inspire, and possibly to provide knowledge and details. Slides are not the main part… The most important part is telling a story, involving people, showing passion, making things memorable. 3.3) Always be listening. I mean it. Even when you’re on stage, speaking. Don’t just listen to WORDS. Listen to feelings as well. I’ll tell you a little story to explain this point. Late 2009. I was in France, and I was the last speaker before lunch. I was supposed to speak at 12:30, for about 30 minutes. However, previous speakers took more time than expected, and one of the big sponsors pretended to have their CEO speak before me, unplanned, for more than 20 minutes, reading some text the entire time. READING. No slides, no interpretation. Why didn’t he simply email all of us, instead? His message was very boring, very corporate, full of vaporware. His last words were about how customer-obsessed his company was. He was using people’s time as he pleased, without even thinking about their needs. When it was my turn, it was already 13:00, and people really wanted to go to lunch. I was angry. I was in a difficult situation. I introduced myself, and then told the audience: “My talk was planned to be 30 minutes long. However, we are late, and you are hungry. I’ll cut my talk down to 15 minutes, and then we all go to lunch at 13:15. This is what I call customer obsession.” Big round of applauses. The crowd was mine. So, the lesson is: if you want to deliver a message, the length of the message doesn’t count. Other things count. Or, if you want to be a Technology Evangelist, don’t FORCE the message to your crowd. Use empathy. 3.4) Get inspired. I have amazing colleagues that inspire me every day. Our CTO, Werner Vogels, is one of the best public speaker I’ve ever seen, perhaps second only to my all-time favorite, Matt Wood (a rare combination of intelligence, humility, knowledge and a collection of PhDs), who recently moved to a new role, Chief Data Scientist. Our most senior Evangelist, Jeff Barr, is a walking encyclopaedia on all things AWS. Jinesh Varia is a talented, super-smart producer of high quality content, and a good presenter too. And there are other colleagues (like Simon Elisha) which, despite not strictly being Technology Evangelists, are amazing speakers nevertheless. There are also a lot of amazing Technology Evangelists out there, not just within the Amazon Web Services team. I loved reading Kenneth Reitz’s blog post about his experience at Heroku. So the lesson here is: get inspired, as much as possible. Never stop learning and improving. 3.5) I’ve mentioned above that “It doesn’t necessarily make sense to travel like this, though”. In fact, after 500 talks, I think that I should focus on quality, rather than quantity. Let me be more clear. At the beginning, you should do as many talks as possible, simply because you learn a lot, and you mostly learn by doing. After a while (500 is enough, but also 200 would be enough), you will notice that you’re not improving so much anymore. It’s time for you to start focusing on quality. Quality, in this case, means committing your time and energy to events that matter. It could be a small user group, or a huge conference, but as long as it matters, it’s ok. It will actually be easier for me now, since I am focused on the Bay area, and therefore travelling time is not as much as it used to be… Which means I can afford to do more events, while keeping the “quality” high. 3.6) You’re a public figure representing your company, learn how to deal with it. This was a tough one to learn, and I admit it wasn’t easy for me, but eventually I’ve learned it the hard way. Different companies might have different policies, but in most cases you are not “just one employee”, whatever you do online or in public matters a lot. Ah, and by the way: Opinions expressed here are my own and do not necessarily represent those of current or past employers. Just in case. Source: http://www.brunozzi.com/2013/01/04/500-times-on-stage/ Only 50-100? I would go as far as 200! :) Yes (I lived in Singapore for 2.5 years) but they go quite slow. Top speed of the most recent, unmanned MRT (yellow line) is about 65 Km/h. Did you try: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/script-blocker/edk... How do you compare them? Yes. Italy: Stefano Quintarelli, MS in Computer Science, he brought internet in Italy in the early 90s, then sold i.NET and founded a few startups. One of the smartest and most brilliant people on the planet. He now sits in parliament. Unfortunately, he had a bad car accident a few months ago and he's still recovering. Agree, I had to stop ScriptSafe in order to be able to scroll. Surprising how many things use JS nowadays. I would bet that PG will not respond to this one. The "excess capacity" is a pure myth. When AWS started, it was using a set of Data Centers which had nothing to do with Amazon.com (the Retail part of it). Now Amazon.com is just another (big) customer of AWS. Disclaimer: I work for AWS. Can you elaborate? I'd be glad to hear your thoughts on this. (I am a foreigner and certain things can escape the little I know about US). Hi dhrp, I assume you work for Dotcloud? Nice job so far. Where do you see this heading to? What's your view of what will happen in the virtualization world? Best, Protectionism has never worked well. The reason why they call your name is because Schultz, inspired by the "bar" in Milan in the early 1980's, wanted people to believe they had a barista friend. Note that "bar" in Italy has roughly the same meaning as "cafe" in the US. In Italy, then and now, most bars have regular customers, and they get to know each other's name. When I moved to Singapore a few years ago, I started drinking my coffee at a local "Segafredo", and had to teach to the baristas to call me by name whenever I entered. For a few months, they would say "Buongiorno Mr. Simone" to me only. I also had to teach them how to do a proper espresso. They were clueless. (I was a barista in my twenties). One day I hear "Buongiorno Mr. Giovanni", and I immediately knew it was another Italian. He also did the same, had to teach them to call him by name, and how to do a proper espresso. Funny. My name is Simone. Try to guess how often my name is pronounced in the wrong way. (hint: it's probably more than 99%). :)