Spaced repetition is the way your brain stores everything, even abstract ideas, mathematics,etc. You can only remember anything either by having repeated exposure to it, or having it really connected to some other memory of yours. Also, you seem to underestimate the importance of having encyclopedic knowledge. I agree that it is not useful to have random facts in your mind, but passive knowledge is extremely important - like even on topics you are not well-informed about, having learnt something about it in the past will put you in a much more open-minded position on it. If people were to remember some really basic biology from high school, they would be much less open to bullshit like “alternative medicine”,anti-vaccines, etc. Which is absolutely null compared to their income, and does close to absolutely nothing to benefit society - it is only there so they can feel good about themselves. No? Android phones are full of binary blob drivers, etc. It is phone specific whether you can do that or not. There is a global config and a user-specific one. So every user can install (without root) their set of packages and their PATH will be changed accordingly. You probably tried to add firefox to your local one - which should be good enough. I wouldn’t really want a program to auto-update the global configurarion.nix No matter how I count, I see only two viable platforms for everyday use in a mobile device. Please enlighten me with the other options (and yeah, I do know about pinephones, and I even own one, but it needs quite a bit of love (not talking about it having an inferior hardware - since I would like to use my phone as a portable camera as well)) Hmm, like disallow them in the AppStore but allow sideloading apps, even an alternative app store - and then put a large banner that it is insecure blabla that the user can ignore if he/she so chooses. Or allow it only with some developer mode for which a user would have to touch something n times , like it is on Android. So those who don’t know what is it all about can stay in their walled garden, while the rest can use their goddamn 1000 dollar phone the way they want The AppStore has every right to publish only apps they deem rightfull - so there would be absolutely no change there. Yet, apple should not be able to disallow me from using my device in any way I want to - that is I should be able to sideload anything, make it an alternative app store or a simple app. They are even free to hide that option from regular users so the security of them won’t be harmed - they can’t install malware with 2 clicks because there will be 4 apple prompts explaining why it’s a bad idea. But I get to install a prog language interpreter or a proper browser - so win-win (other than apple’s profits, but I couldn’t care less) There is a misunderstanding of market will choose the best competitor. A competition in of itself is not fair, it needs heavy regulation to become fair - like a running contest could be won by anyone if they were to shoot the other contenders. And this is what happens in unregulated markets - we’ve got an oligopoly, with a really high bar to enter - basically impossible for a newcomer (note that even Microsoft failed to enter it). So there should absolutely be some government regulation to make it fair - and it is not overreach. It is simply no longer Apple’s decision, since it is practically a public service in part, as you noted. Because if you want to enter the mobile market you HAVE to? This “the customers will choose the best” thing has never been true, even in its source. The context is “in a fair competition between competing products” (which won’t be true again, because humans are not rational - otherwise marketing would not matter) Also, it’s not like I have any chance ever to compete with Apple, even if I were to be the cleverest people on Earth. Not op, but hardware and UX-wise they do a great job. Photo-taking is especially good which is pretty important on a mobile. Also, their phones will be supported for a remarkable number of years, while retaining their price on second hand markets. It doesn’t excuse them from letting me use my phone as I want to. I don’t see how allowing sideloading wouldn’t be a solution for both sides. I deeply agree with your last paragraph, but the first one is quite naive. It is simply their PR “mission”, their only real mission is the good ol’ dollar, nothing more. Well, I don’t feel inprisoned, but nor am I completely happy with this phone. iSH is really great, and is a must - and so would several other app which can’t exist here. It’s not a desire, it is a must. There are certain kinds of application that simply would be meaningless, if they could not target 50% of the population. Like what would a messenger clone do with only half the people? (And I am fairly sure, that if nothing else, financially most apps or app ideas are in this category) We agree on your last point, an open platform should finally emerge (and it is pretty much happening with pinephone) - but it would be a fairy tale to believe that it can gain foothold in the recent future against these monster corps You forget about the splitting of developers were a new project to emerge. Microsoft failed, partly because it was as of yet not a big enough platform to target by other developers - they have enought things to do with android and apple. A new platform can’t emerge unless there is some incentive for developers to target it. Linux phones are in a special circumstance, because apps are developer for them out of a hobby. But phones are a main social device, you can’t have one that doesn’t have your bank’s app on it for example. Linux phones must emulate android (and it is sort of working, fortunately) to remain afloat. Oh, if it was the only bad thing he done - but the work conditions are terrible at his factories, he actively sabotages unions, he is absolutely just sells this engineer image of him: he is NOT a founder of tesla, he simply bought the title, he takes credit for his workers’ accomplishments, the only thing he engineered in tesla for example is some design work. He also sells himself as a self-made millionare, while his father has an emerald mine in South Africa. So basically he is a narcissist scammer. Why? Like, seriously. Telemetry is useful, and I am more than happy to provide them with some useful metrics so they know what to improve on - since I can’t really help with the code itself, since it is an insanely huge project. It’s not like they use it to build a profile of you, as goddamn chrome does. I feel that whatever Mozilla does can never be good enough for some people, even though they are one of the most important players in the “fight” of OSS. Just think about it, linux is only usable as a desktop OS because most of the desktop apps migrated to the web - and firefox is the only free browser that is actually capable, as well as the only engine that is not google-controlled. We should support them as much as we can. Then let a bunch of rabid wild animals in your place, as that is what the only alternative is (every chromium based browser). Also, it is a click-bait, out of date article without much truth to it, don’t believe everything you read online That’s strange, though probably due to dart being a small language. For java and kotlin intellij absolutely blows visual studio out of the water and you really can program with only pressing ctrl+space Just because someone cheated in an online game doesn’t mean that he should not be able to play his offline games. Imo it’t not Steam’s place to decide Whaat, I would not call intellij unbelievably fast, but it is a resource hog because it does a million thing at once. Compare it to visual studio, which is something that barely works and has inferior auto-complete, etc. An electron app of that complexity would require a supercomputer to even start That’s a bad take. If facebook would be your ordinary pop&mom shop, you would be right. But as it stands, it is currently used as the only news’ source, communication method for a great majority of many countries’ residents - at which point it should not be exempt of questioning what their algorithm places in front of everyone - as it demonstratebly changes people’s biases/opinion on important topics. The relevant code resides in libinput, and it can be used as “input source” for xserver as well. Sorry, but this is a really self-centric view on the issue. It is absolutely not an individual choice, and it should not be. Also, it is a hyperbole to compare it to “if it saves even one live”, when in reality you have to wear a mask to decrease the R rate, so that the country’s hospitals doesn’t get absolutely flooded with people due to the exponential rate of the infection - making them unable to cure people even if they were to need treatment for other reasons then covid. So basically, in order to have working modern medicine, everyone has to wear masks.. I’m sorry but it’s not like a bug in cp or something. It is kind of a big and complicated source where you (pardon me if I’m wrong) can only modify things if you are familiar with the code base. And since most of the actual people who were familiar with the code base left it (because they think it is not worth it, due to the architectural mismatch between Xorg’s model and current hardware), I doubt it would be trivial to fork/debug it. There are ways to do all these things but they are compositor agnostic - which frankly makes sense. I don’t want a random app running on my desktop querying these informations in a hacky way, while the whole of this information is stored nicely in memory by the compositor. They just simply have to provide an API for that - and that’s the beauty of wayland - they let the compositor implement any number of custom apis and the app can query which ones are supported by the compositor and vice versa. Well, yes. Wayland is a display protocol and it does its work splendidly. X11 does a lot more than display management, and those things should not be put into the display manager yet again as it is a mistake. As you can see in this thread, resizing in gnome on wayland looks like this ( https://i.imgur.com/kaS9nVr.mp4 ), which compared to MacOS ( https://imgur.com/EAPzmKC ) is lightyears behind in terms of smoothness (as reported in the same thread, wayland-comparable performance is observed on windows as well). What I can think of as a difference is that Wayland sends resize requests on each mouse-move event, while MacOS MAY do some sort of clever hack. Maybe they try to predict mouse movement and only ask for a subset of all sizes of the window from the application? Is anyone familiar with what happens here, in depth? Nix doesn’t sandbox applications, it is basically only patches the ELF header so that it links to nix store entries instead of /usr/lib when it comes to shared libs. So While I don’t have benchmarks, it is basically in the same ballpark as Arch programs. It is only required because /nix is hardcoded (but only to make using binary caches possible). Later on, writing to this store is done by a nix user, and install can be issued by a normal user. Both. You get to use packages others have written the same way as you do on arch. And you can also decleratively specify your build environkent, or override some attributes like apply a custom patch in a package someone else wrote. But you are just as not required to learn nix, as you don’t need to know how to write a .deb package to use ubuntu But you simply don’t have to worry about it. You test it on the next LTS release of nixpkgs and that’s it. Your user may download a bit more data, but I found that nix is lightyears faster then fedora’s build tool, and on par with arch, while not polluting the whole filesystem with random files. I don’t see where would you need more maintainance. Because they do a ton of things and are full-featured IDEs. Of course it takes more resource than a vim or vscode instance which are only code editors Honestly, DLL hell is currently only a solved problem by nix and guix and at this point onwards, I don’t see much point in not porting everything over to the nix way of maintaining packages. How many require hospitalization? Because that number will easily overflow the available healthcare services increasing death of all other conditions.. It’s not that hard to understand Depending on the context of the program, both can be more comfortable. Pointers/enumerators? 0-based Heavy math problem? 1-based I believe there is a few languages which can let you set it Well, if an aimbot is only statistically as good as a good human player, does it matter anymore whether the player actually plays or a good bot? If it is only as good as a real player than it won’t be invincible and will be equivalent to playing with a few AIs in a multiplayer game - which already happens. Also, I believe the exact mouse movement will not be the same for a human and an aimbot - so not only statistics can be used to ban players Why would letting another app store be installable on an iphone make your mom not able to just use App Store the same way she does it now? It’s simply not an either or question. It could be hidden the same way as developer options are in Android so your mon - with all due respect - will never accidentally enable side-loading, while I can actually use my phone for whatever I want. That is absolutely irrelevant to the point. But there is now an actual solution to dependency hell: nix and guix deterministic build tools. Though I agree with you that binary compatibility itself is/was not that stable on linux as it was on windows. Believing that the Earth is flat is mostly harmless. Believing that vaccines cause autism, that covid is a hoax, etc is actively harmful to society and actually kills people (more often then not not the one who believe it in the first place). Not who you are replying, but fair points, and there is obviously a really important question at hands, that is trust. No one person can hold all the information, discoveries we have accumulated over the years, so we ultimately rely on the belief that someone we respect is trustworthy. And the thing to notice here is that even an astrophysicist can only BELIEVE that gravity exists, when asked even though they could most probably prove it if needed. With these things aside, the both sides mentality stops being applicable at a certain point. While one side can show you thousands of evidence that a certain cure does work, the other side shows one questionable example of it not working and it is enough for their believers. So as to answer the specific case with antivaxxers: I will not engage with such an argument because they in fact have no scientific leg to stand on automatically. For to have any meaningful debate, we would have to talk about a specific vaccine that may or may not be safe. If we have such a strong statement (in a mathematical sense) that ALL instance of something is a given property, is ought to not be true in a mathematical sense - and without understanding probabilities there is no point in arguing. Wayland is a display protocol, and the base of that protocol is deliberately really minimalistic - it’s there so different programs understanding the protocol can draw their rectangular windows on to the screen and that’s it. But Wayland developers did think of additional requirements but were thinking that ad hoc inventing something that may or may not be implemented downstream would be a bad idea (it is), so they created a standard way of adding extensions to the base protocol - which are created with cooperation between major desktop environments - the actual implementers of said protocols. And as of now, wayland is pretty feature-compatible with x, in an actually extendable way (much more close to the UNIX philosophy if that’s your thing). Or see my previous answer: write a custom extension for your compositor (which in most cases already exists and cross-DE) and add additional feature? Like, notification daemons like this already exist on sway (and every other compositor that use wlroots, a compositor backend). Brave is basically a chrome with preinstalled extensions, which would wither away the second chrome stopped being developed. Firefox is a treasure we should keep alive, because otherwise the web would turn into the same closed source walled garden, as most other things do. You are hurting them, and I’m not sure if this is too hard for you to understand or you are simply evil. I would be really interested in something like that, but do you believe that the pinephone would be powerful enough for that? Out of these, only Microsoft could reasonably develop a browser enginge - and they stopped doing so, decreasing the available web implementations by one. I’m not worried about google stopping chrome, it is way too big for that - just firefox is unique in what they are doing, and is irreplaceble from a freedom of web perspective. Good morning, wayland is stable Phosh is written from scratch and don’t have much to do with the actual gnome shell source-wise.