Hmm. I'm not at all sure that 'entrepreneurship' is a real word. Yes, I'd have more or less the same view; I don't know enough people, and I doubt I have the social skills to court VCs or similar. I've worked for a couple of startups/ex-startups, and in each case there was at least one person there from the beginning who was very good at things like that. Depending on the employer, they may be quite happy to amend your contract to lay no claim on anything done in your own time and outside their product domain. Mine did. Well, lots of people learned Logo fairly young. :) Well, in the abstract, it's quite a hard problem. If they asked him how to clean a particular variety of coffee maker, that would be easier. :) I suspect Google's AdSense ads are a better model. I've actually seen _useful_ ones! In languages which have decent ones, certainly. Of the five languages this library seems to work for, only C++ has any sort of macros at all, as far as I know... The Lisp community did something like this at one point, too, though that was more as a 'look, it's possible' to reddit. The result seems to have mutated into http://www.cl-user.net/asp/new Well, one obvious solution would be to do something else, not to retire. Is retiring really what people aspire to, these days? You can use CUSP (an Eclipse plugin which provides similar functionality to SLIME for EMACS), and the commercial impls have their own (admittedly EMACS-esque) IDEs. There's even a SLIME-derived plugin for vi! It really is worth the effort to learn EMACS, though. I'm unconvinced that installing lisp libraries is so very horrible; I've had far more trouble with python ones, myself. Every now and again, a government representative decides that they would like to do something relating to technology, or medicine, or whatever. Whether this something is practical, possible, or legal is largely immaterial. They will bring it up, and it may even get passed (American CDA, Australian internet filtering thing); at that point it will die amongst legal challenges or simple impracticality. Business as usual. Erm, that's how MobileMe works. It doesn't store your every movement; that'd burn through battery life pretty quickly. It gets a position when you tell it to from the website; presumably the order comes over the same channel push messages do. Tegra 2 doesn't support OpenCL or CUDA, though Tegra 3 will. The PowerVR SGX543 supports OpenCL, though not, of course, CUDA. EDIT: At the time, NVidia claimed that it _was_ a die size limitation. Occasionally, you just have to wait a while for an instance to start. It's rarely more than half an hour. It would be most interesting to see what percentage of Android phones sold are these sorts of super-cheap devices (in this country, a Galaxy Europa is about 80 euro on pre-paid; they won't even sell it to you on contract. By contrast, a Galaxy S is about 550 on prepaid or 150 on contract), versus the high-end devices which we hear so much more about. Astroturfing is almost always found out, and usually quickly, and comes with a very nasty backlash. See, for instance, the recent fuss over the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 astroturfing. One note of caution; while the platform version thing is up to date, the screens one is from August 2010. 240x320 is probably an even smaller minority now, as it only really showed up in Sony's 'mini' devices, which did not sell well and seem to have been effectively discontinued; there are no released plans for a current-gen one. You know there are many cheaper and free ssh clients for iOS, right? Samsung doesn't make the iPhone or iPad display; LG does. There may at this point be others; certainly, people have noticed minor performance differences in some newer iPhone 4 displays. I would have called music the least likely one to be making money, actually. A common usage pattern is buying one or two songs in a sitting, at which point transaction charges really become significant, and it has always seemed that the record labels take the lion's share of the payment. iTunes TV, on the other hand, is probably more profitable, due to higher unit cost. Books almost _must_ be profitable, because they're in the same range as Kindle books, and Amazon wouldn't be pushing ebooks (and thus damaging their traditional book market) so hard if they couldn't make a profit on them. Ah, revenue. Yes, I remember this from last time round; revenue is what matters, regardless of the costs involved in producing that revenue, or its uncertain future footing. Right. That would certainly have been the case with the first couple of iPhones, but the iPhone 4 has rather good calling quality. I don't think "50% of people who visit genius bars" is the same as "50% of iPhone users", by a long shot. What makes you think Apple makes a $400 profit per device? That sounds improbably high. There was also an attempt to introduce a Minitel system here in Ireland. It was ridiculously badly-timed; by the time it was actually up and running, things like Compuserve were around and the first ISPs were only a couple of years away. "The success or failure of any of these phones means almost nothing to the company. And so, the product development and rollout of any of these phones is not a bet-the-company gamble. Accordingly, very little effort is made on design, engineering, and customer support. None of these companies have terribly loyal customers, most seem to buy a given phone based on carrier affiliation, or based on costs." In the long run, Google needs to do something about this, or face it doing severe damage to the image of their platform. These particular developers, though, were probably not world-class. Data this important simply should not be lost due to trouble with an EC2 instance; any data on an EC2 instance, even on EBS (though somewhat less so for EBS) should be considered liable to vanish at any moment. Google Translate is heuristics-based, and can occasionally produce strange results. For instance, when translating Irish-language text, it will sometimes translate Baile Ath Cliath (Irish for Dublin, the capital of Ireland) to London, the capital of the UK. This is likely because its corpus for Irish is made up largely of Irish government documents (all Irish govt documents are translated into Irish, but Irish isn't used by many people and there's not all that much else written in it), and these documents are rather similar to British civil service documents. Ah, but if the people running the _exchanges_ are too incompetent to safeguard their wallets, as in this case, how bad will the average user be? In practice, when used to back a currency, gold is usually also inherently deflationary; mining of new gold generally cannot keep up with real economic growth. Very strange title; it implies that Apple is actively making it difficult for other companies to make a profit. Of course, what's really happening is that (a) Motorola, Nokia and Samsung in particular have big shares of the declining dumb phone market, and (b) Samsung in particular makes lots of zero-margin ultra-cheap ( Notice they have a pretty effective iBooks test Well, it's not that effective; it was worked around within days of showing up. Interestingly, to my knowledge, Google's similar check to prevent rooted devices playing movie rentals hasn't been worked around yet. Well, they are to a lesser extent; they allow an attacker with physical access (a spouse or colleague, say) to compromise your device. Defending against physical access-based exploits is likely always going to be ultimately futile, though. The general tendency has been for an initial focus on outsourcing, followed by native businesses. This is what happened in Ireland; in the 90s we had lots of outsourcing, branches of multinationals, etc.; later we built our own software industry (though most software work in Ireland is still multinational). More because it's extremely rapid, and potentially very dangerous. Major climatic change would endanger the food supply. Almost certainly. The only other thing I can think of would be that they want to get out of the OEM business and make phones internally, but they'd probably buy a better phone manufacturer in that case. Motorola is loss-making. It's actually hard to see how Google _can_ keep a level playing field under these circumstances, short of totally isolating their Motorola unit from long-term Android development. He was largely right on profitability, no? See here, however: http://www.intomobile.com/2011/05/02/apple-has-50-profit-sha... While HTC's profits are unquestionably growing, their profit share actually declined a bit; remember it's a very rapidly expanding industry. Motorola Mobility, SE and LG are loss-making or close to it. Only Samsung is in a really strong position. Samsung's profit margin is good, and HTC's acceptable (though neither are as high as Apple's), but all other major manufacturers are either loss-making or making a tiny profit margin. This is why you don't release a broken product hoping to fix it later. > I think Groupon is a guaranteed and low effort marketing platform for businesses. Well, one would hope they weren't an _actual_ Groupon rep. This is _not_ the sort of thing that a company trying to IPO should be saying. Generally by borrowing it, if they don't have a cash surplus. It's very unwise to make legal threats unless you fully intend to follow through.