It's good that testing is covered as part of your teaching strategy, because as you said, in any real world environment that experience will come in handy. But the audience reading and sharing links on Hacker News are likely to have a deeper body of knowledge in this area than pure beginners. People posting tutorials (for free) may be targeting this more experienced group of people, who may take it for granted that a beginner's tutorial will not cover everything necessary to go from a prototype to production-ready software. I also feel that as people progress through tutorials, they will organically come up with questions that the tutorial has not covered at all, like "how can I test this to make sure it's bug free and can withstand lots of concurrent logins?" They're upfront about the only 2 features of this phone, so why would anyone pay $300 for the privilege of "distraction-free" telecommunication, which is available at 10% of the cost at any cell phone shop, anywhere in the world? This news concerns me a bit, as a project manager for a SaaS web app that uses GA to generate user activity reports for data around things like "# of users who clicked on link X" or "users who completed a survey". I'm not a dev, and we hire an outside web dev company to build the web app and reporting dashboard. Can someone more knowledgeable than me indicate if a user with this add-on enabled will be throwing up zeros on our analytics when they use the software as a logged in user? I know Ghostery blocks GA, but it's niche enough that I don't worry about a critical mass of our target demographic using it. But this seems like an official Google add-on, which makes it much higher profile to average users. I've been reading magazines and books on tablets for a while now, and while I agree that 4:3 portrait is naturally more suited to reading, most magazines are printed at an actual size of A4 paper or larger. So even on a 9.7 inch iPad, the content is being shrunk to "fit to vertical height". This can make the content harder to read, as you're not viewing it at the actual size it was designed for. The alternative is to read it in landscape mode "Fit to horizontal width", but with visual clarity, the trade-off is having to scroll to read the whole page, which is annoying, and reminiscent of scrolling through a web page. I don't know if that's true. The first few iPhones were very expensive unlocked and on contract, required signing up for a $70-$100/month phone plan, which was close to double what dumbphone users were paying. The iPod Nano, iPod Touch and iPod Classic saw updated versions each year, slowing down only once iPhones and Androids became mainstream and replaced dedicated music players. It's 9.4mm at its thickest point. Will consumers really be turned off by a phone that's barely 1cm thicker than other flagships? Most smartphones I see in people's hands have a bulky case around them already. The auto-cropping works for most magazines but not all. Businessweek is notorious for using margins to include photo captions, graph legends and related articles. Most mags also use the margins to include page numbers. Source: used to crop margins on magazine PDFs when reading on a 16:10 Android tablet. Not worth the hassle. That assumes that CS grads will look for work exclusively in a technology role. The skill set of a CS major is applicable to roles well outside programming. Management consulting and financial services for instance recruit CS and EE grads by the bucket load. CS employment in startups may decrease in the event of a startup bust, but mature companies like Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, IBM etc. aren't likely to drastically change their hiring patterns unless their own business have been materially impacted. I have 3 friends from Bangladesh whose parents received their US green cards in 2000, 2002 and 2003. They had all applied for them in the early 1990s. I rarely hear of this happening anymore, so I imagine the process was more straightforward back then. Mozilla has definitely been pushing these technologies, partially to support content development for Firefox OS. You seem to be comparing a markedly positive device review by TNW to a markedly negative one by Ars and inferring that there's some agenda. What would that agenda be? The post is about the frequency with which Whatsapp polls the contacts list. The Blackberry DTEK app simply happened to be the only one that could provide that information. Blog posts usually have links to related content to drive page views, so linking to their BB review isn't exactly some shady form of advertising. OK, as you're an Android developer, I understand where you're coming from. However, Android users in 2015 pay hundreds of dollars for phones that can barely manage 4-5 hours of on-screen time. That is due to many factors, but users have a right to question if background app activity is to blame. Usually there isn't much quantitative information to work with, but in this case, we do have some. And it's sparked an informative discussion on HN, so I think people have benefited overall. As for their opinion of the Priv, it's an opinion, and there have been varying opinions about it in the tech press. The way your comment was phrased, it sounded like your disagreement with their Priv review was a factor in your evaluation of their Whatsapp article. Agreed. I come to HN to read about technology, not geopolitics. Some related issues like electronic surveillance, encryption etc. seem relevant, but a discussion about geopolitical roles of two Middle East regimes seems pretty off-topic. The controversial nature of these topics also unfortunately attracts people who aren't HN's target demographic, and dilutes the excellent content of the site. Even without Ublock, Firefox Android supports extensions, so I can toggle an image blocker extension during those lean times when I'm close to hitting my monthly data cap. Unfortunately, I've found that Firefox is a bit slower to render pages than Android Chrome, and scrolling experience sometimes feels janky. That said, it's unlikely that Android Chrome will ever support ad blocking, so Firefox will stay on my device. Agreed. Erstwhile ad-free websites like BBC News for example now have an annoying full-page ad on mobile with a requisite tiny "Close" button. The worst part is, the news article loads before the ad, so you can see the article text and image for ~1 second before the screen flashes white and the full-page ad loads. That's a fail on so many levels, it's far simpler to view the site on on Firefox Android with Ublock Origin enabled. BTW I have the BBC news site whitelisted on desktop because the ads are not nearly as intrusive and UX-breaking. Maybe not a murder charge, but in the US, there are a number of lesser charges that don't imply direct intent, such as negligent homicide, 3 degrees of manslaughter and others. In the case of deliberate targeting of women based on gender, it's possible to attach a hate crime charge as well, which would add significantly to the possible jail time. At the very least, pursuing some of these charges would build leverage, which may result in the defendant pleading to a lesser charge. That in turn would result in no trial, and circumvent the complicated question of whether SWAT team operations disproportionately increase the risk of death or serious injury. I don't know about this. I think it's wholly possible that people derive inspiration and perspective from Dribbble, Behance and similar sites, and use that inspiration to attempt to solve actual business problems in UI/UX, the specifics of which are never posted to Dribbble, either due to NDAs or more likely, because it would be incredibly boring for the average Dribbble user to look at. I don't believe Dribbble has portrayed itself as a site to showcase business case studies. A lot of the time, it's simply a repository of design samples or off-work personal projects. And I'll admit, after a long day of looking at dull wireframes, it's simply a relief to look at a fun UI mockup animation, even if it might not work in a real-life production app. It was very popular all across Asia too, except maybe China where Internet restrictions probably led to local competitors,sprouting up. It likely wasn't popular in the US as AOL captured the market first, and the impact of network effects is huge when it comes to chat apps. Interestingly, MSN Messenger's capabilities in the late 90s/early 2000s were quite impressive. I remember being able to make long-distance audio VOIP calls using Messenger back in 2000, even on an awful 33.6kbps modem. The feature was removed pretty soon after, probably because it was abused (there was no charge for calls). You could also send decently sized files (~10MB) using Messenger until about 2005, and that too was discontinued as people used it to send MP3s to one another. I recently imported the Huawei Mediapad X2, a 7-inch phone with a 16:10 1200P screen not unlike the Nexus 7. I use it both for phone functions (BT headphones) but also as my primary web browsing, magazine/ebook reading and mobile gaming/XBMC device. A smartwatch is the perfect accessory to a device like this, which is too large/unwieldy to use at the gym, or pull out for things like map directions, public transit arrival times, email notifications, etc. None of these are a problem with smaller phones, like the 6 Plus or Galaxy Note. The Apple Watch is a poor solution for this, because, like the 2001 iPod, it requires a Mac device to work. And even if it didn't, like Android Wear devices, it must be tethered to a smartphone for most of its functions, as opposed to functioning as a standalone device. I understand Apple, Google, etc. don't want to cannibalize device sales, but it seems ridiculous to me that a V1.0 smartwatch costing $300+ can't even support music playback on local storage, or have a built-in GPS and maps that work offline. If I'm on the go, I'd like to limit the number of expensive devices I'm carrying with me where possible. I think the same goes for most people, otherwise people would still be carrying their flip phones and digital cameras around. Yes, of course there are hobbyists who need their DSLR with them all the time, but the majority of people are happy with a solution that's good enough and convenient enough. I'm not even thinking about more advanced features like a built in video camera that, with the appropriate strap, could act as a body cam or a helmet cam. I'm sure future versions will offer such functionality, but V1.0 functionality is already so limited, I simply can't muster any enthusiasm for this class of devices yet. Cell phones have always been able to tell time. I wore a watch all the way until I purchased my first dumbphone. I'm not interested in watches for accessorizing/aesthetic purposes, so as soon as it's primary function was supplanted by my phone, I ditched it. It's very likely that the employee roster in those companies mirror the ethnic makeup of the country quite closely. That is not to say that minority groups in many other countries don't also suffer from discrimination in the labour market due to socioeconomic marginalization, religious differences, etc. But to dismiss this issue in Silicon Valley by pointing at other countries is besides the point here. SV by and large is the most well known tech hub, and notorious for waxing poetic about its meritocratic structure. That is what is at issue here; is it a true meritocracy, or are there enough confounding factors (recruiting at specific schools for instance) that end up resulting in a workforce that doesn't reflect the racial/ethnic/demographic makeup of the country in which it exists? I left a comment suggesting a follow up article that might flesh out some of the aspects he wrote about (covered succinctly in the TLDR in the comments here). On its own, the article isn't all that helpful aside from confirming the general adage of "work hard". It is odd that Yahoo's stake of the fantasy sports market constantly goes unmentioned while daily fantasy startups like Draft Kings is currently bathing in VC cash and media coverage. Part of this may be related to the lack of direct monetization opportunities from Flickr. If you take the example of Instagram, the enormous number of users they have have created, "Instagram celebrities" out of thin air, with people securing modeling contracts or product endorsement deals simply by being popular on the network. I'm sure some photographers are getting business opportunities by posting their work as well, although that has a lot to do with how good they are at getting themselves exposure. Even if That depends. I thought the same thing would happen to Uber, but they've used their rapid growth and VC money to fund lobbying efforts to change the laws around taxi regulation. As I understand it, these FF startups are attempting to exploit similar loopholes in Internet gambling laws as a short-term fix while they lobby to change the law in their favor. That's the point I was trying to make. Yahoo has first mover advantage in having their own infrastructure for calculating scores and player statistics, not to mention a large base of users. Surely their fantasy sports products would be of value to companies looking to get a piece of the online sports gambling industry? Unsurprisingly, someone has attempted to make a business out this exact question. The Personal MBA site has a good selection of books to get your started. It's categorized under different topics like marketing, finance, strategy, etc. https://personalmba.com/best-business-books/ Stock market movements are heavily influenced by macroeconomic trends like inflation, GDP, unemployment etc., and the government is the organization tasked with collecting and disseminating that data. When you don't trust the numbers coming out of the central bank, you can't have much trust that the stock market is reflecting the true value of the securities. With regards to the Indian governments' fudging of macroeconomic stats, this article may be helpful: http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-12-14/india-now-... What specifically about the free market is hold Brazil back? What changes would increase economic output? I understand that import taxes on things like consumer electronics are punitively high, but that's a cross-section of the consumption aspect of GDP. GDP can still be increased through capital investment, fiscal policy and net export growth. What numbers are you comparing though? The headline figure for TARP in the US was $700 billion, but even the GAO audit cannot perfectly trace how much it actually cost, as opportunity cost can't be calculated. Financing TARP took resources away from infrastructure projects or other projects for which positive economic externalities apply directly to society, not just bondholders. China has 4x the population of the US. How "big" would the intervention have to be to be stronger than anything in 2008? Can you specify why it was "useless"? >part of the force resulting in net negative low skills worker immigration. That assumes that these workers are coming from countries where opportunities for paid work are equal to or better than those available in the US, and are equally lucrative. Many workers come from communities destroyed by the drug wars, or from economies ruined by corrupt governance. If those structural factors don't see improvement, the impact on net low-skilled migration to the US won't budge much. In Buffett's day, value investing made a lot of sense and allowed Buffett to put out wise-sounding soundbites like "I don't invest in what I don't understand" and helped shore up the folksy image of Berkshire Hathaway, who owned ostensibly uncomplicated companies like Heinz. But today we live in a world where the way to make money is through regulatory arbitrage (Uber) or startups chasing risky business models. Additionally, accounting trickery is orders of magnitude more elaborate today, and high frequency trading may have permanently impacted traditional models of volatility. Of course, this applies only to publicly traded companies. My overall point is that determining value from fundamentals alone is nowhere near as straightforward as it used to be. >If the US government decide to do that.... And therein lies the rub. Apple can mount a better defense than the US prosecution can, by dint of their bottomless legal fund. Apple can also put forward a united front, whereas you would need to summon an unprecedented level of political will and bridge-building to simply prevent Congress from derailing the DOJ prosecution through infighting. While the article certainly worded that portion poorly, there is a difference between monetary velocity of retained earnings parked in a mutual fund, and earnings plowed back into a business. In the former scenario, it takes a much longer time for the money to flow back into the purchase of goods and services. By reinvesting in the business, there is far less of a time lag for that to result in growth-generating economic activity. They are not sitting on the cash. The article worded this very poorly. While all companies hold cash for managing day to day operations, a lot of the 2 trillion or whatever the number is, is parked in CDs, Treasuries, Bonds, etc. i.e., income-generating investments. Financial statements require companies to disclose "Cash and Cash Equivalents"; much of the hoarded money is in the form of investments that can be quickly converted to cash. It would be foolish to simply park non-essential funds in a savings account making 1%/yr. People in desperate situations aren't going to be stopped from coming to the US because the Fed/WSJ/BLS says there is no market for their labor. Migrant communities are extremely resourceful because they likely have experience in finding opportunities that others would pass on. For a lot of people, decision making is based on which option allows them to just live another day; relative to their circumstances, we are exceptionally privileged to be able to make decisions based on the extent to which macroeconomic indicators impact our standard of living. With regards to the standing desk, I find that for me (5'11"), placing a tabletop on top of 2x IKEA Billy Bookshelves (41.75" H x 31.5" W) does the job perfectly; it easily supports a dual-monitor setup (1x 32inch, 1x 24inch). Add in a anti-fatigue cushioned mat for your feet, and you're good to go! They served together on the board of United Way; they weren't just random acquaintances. The social proof conditions necessary for Bill and Paul Allen to make their pitch to him had been satisfied both through their parents' credentials, social connections and the fact that they both went to Harvard. Not to take anything away from Gates' technical skills and business savvy. But this goes to the crux of a lot of startup stories. It could all have been very different if even one of those 'background variables' had been different and the meeting with IBM never happened. Even that test has limits though. Competive gamers all start off playing hours of video games a day, but playing competitively means sacrificing fun for grueling practice, formulaic tactics and very little experimentation; basically all the fun is sucked out of it. Theres a moment in the show "Silicon valley" when a programmer looks at an Agile deliverables chart and says "This just became a job". I think that would be the test. Can you endure the drudgery of daily grind and constant challenges and still want to go through with it? You won't know unless you try. Not just that, but he also attended Queens University, one of the best public universities in Canada at a total cost of almost zero due to his ctizenship. I believe he completed his undergrad studies at Amherst College, however. That is an oversimplification that assumes that markets are efficient and there is no information asymmetry and evrryone operates on a long investment time horizon. If Warren Buffett and I both invested in Goldman Sachs in 2008, I would have to base my decision based on quarterly earnings reports and my guesses on the direction of Fed's monetary policy. Buffett on the other hand would be invited inside the Goldman boardroom and likely told of the company's situation without the sort of CFO doublespeak that occurs during an earnings call. >It's really cool to see the latest Windows Phones and watch them plug into a keyboard, mouse and monitor and bam you have the FULL version of Microsoft Office apps and a Windows 10 like desktop. Cool maybe, but what would be the use case for this? If people think they'll need full Office on the go, chances are they'll take a laptop or Surface-like device with them. Right now they will need their Windows phone as well as a MS display dock, keyboard and mouse, and it will still all be useless unless they are able to find a monitor to plug into. Every workplace or airport lounge I've been to with a PC monitor has VGA/HDMI cables locked in place, and unremovable without a key or without cutting plastic ties. It has been available on Mac OS since 1989 and there is a browser-based version that is freely usable with a Microsoft account. I think you should check your facts. >Half of Colgate Social Science majors are in the top 5% of income earners? I went to a New England liberal arts college, like Colgate, and the most popular major at my school was Economics, which is categorized as Social Science. Most of the Econ graduates went for jobs in management consulting or investment banking, as those companies would come to recruit on campus, and tend to already have a solid number of alums working there to begin with. In fact, Dick Fuld, the ex-CEO of the infamous Lehman Brothers investment bank, was a trustee on the board of my school, and hired many alums, as did Goldman, Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, etc. For banking jobs straight out of undergrad, you don't have to have a deep understanding of quantitative finance. It's more about having a soiid GPA, a demonstrated interest in the topic and interest in learning, and the capacity to work very, very long hours. The problem with "tablet" magazines are that they force publishers to pick one tablet to optimize for. There is no equivalent to responsive web design in the magazine sector. So what you end up with is content originally designed for a 4:3 10" Retina iPad, but also available via the Play Store or dedicated magazine app on form factors where it has no business being, like an 8" 16:10 Android tablet, where you have to zoom, pan and scroll to see the whole page. It is enormously inconvenient, and I would guess most people just end up going to the website, which in most cases is responsive and will likely work well on a tablet, laptop or phone. Magazines on mobile devices should offer the same level of comfort and convenience as their physical equivalent. I would love to swipe through pages like I do on my eBooks, as I find scrolling through text every few seconds to be a hassle and visually disorienting, especially for long-form reading. I'm happy to continue to subscribe to physical editions of my favorite magazines, as the mobile experience doesn't offer nearly enough at this time to be worth my while. Not just that, but Yahoo Finance's data download capabilities were a godsend for students like me in the late 2000s. No sign-up bullshit, they just let casual web users download enormous stock price data sets in CSV format. Very useful for my finance classes or econometrics term papers. I was fortunate to have access to a Bloomberg terminal at my school, but Yahoo Finance's efficient combination of displaying key metrics, historical prices and company-related newsires all on one site, navigable from my bedroom, was immeasurably valuable as well. Pregnant women are screened out during the visa interview process to prevent this from occurring. It's not perfect, in the case of individuals receiving multi-year visas, but those are only provided to individuals who have spent significant time in the US, or have family members who are citizens. Also, a baby born in the US to a non-US citizen parent does not automatically confer the parent with citizenship or permanent residency rights. In the case of "anchor babies", the child usually will not have the right to sponsor his parents for residency until they are 18. Agreed, this just seemed like a bird's eye view of things. I've read accounts elsewhere that included recollections of actual conversations, including the words and tone that were used. That to me is more relevant as it provides context for what it was actually like. iTunes is certainly awful to use, but the interesting part of that story is not iTunes itself, but the work and negotiation that had to happen to license music from all the major labels to populate the iTunes marketplace. Sony had a huge first-mover advantage in that space (their own global music label, movie studio, video game console AND the Walkman brand), but was too busy forcing its disparate businesses to compete against each other. The end result being that they completely missed the boat on the then-nascent digital music market, and less than 15 years later, have spun off most of those brands and hardware-wise, Playstation aside, are limited to making (very nice) camera sensors for iPhones.