Hopefully it's simply to obscure to get any kind of pre-order status. Yeah, the whole 34/68GB is all on a single beefy server. There are systems that let you access remote node's memory in a NUMA type system over fast interconnects, but they're _very_ expensive and have horrible latency. Look up INTERCAL. Brainfuck isn't too hard, just tedious. INTERCAL on the other hand was designed to be as big of a pain in the ass ass possible. People like to use the phrase "fighting with the compiler," but this is a language where the compiler is actually actively out to get you. : ) Well, in their defense, while someone may not be called an Autocad engineer, they can certainly be called civil engineer focusing on concrete stresses. Calling them an Autocad engineer would be like me calling you an eclipse or vi programmer. Ultimately I think we're confusing tool and end product here. I think you're missing the original point I was trying to make. Java and .Net aren't really the tools, they're the medium in which you work. Just like that civil engineer understands the trade offs invovled with different kins of concrete ad using it in different ways, the Java programmer understands the trade offs involved with the API and VM, in addition to generic CS tradeoffs. Look at the following two fake resume excerpts: Bob T. Builder : Civil Engineer with Emphasis in Concrete Stress ---Skills--- Autocad : Industry Used Physics Modeling Software Suzie M. Hacker : Java Programmer ---Skills--- Eclipse : Ant They seem roughly equivalent to me... Actually, I think he did it on a significantly less powerful system. Just an Athlon64x2 or similar. CUDA could speed it up considerably. Actually the DMCA has an exemption for allowing software interoperability. This sounds like exactly the situation that it was designed not to protect against. I totally disagree with the point of this article. It's (fairly) easy to add features until you're UI is cluttered. The hard part is making the decision between what features need to be added and which detract from your final presentation. In most cases, I've found that the right balance finds itself closer to minimalism than not. He's tried to, but it exploded all of the computers in a five mile radius. Now he has nothing to blog with. I can't think of a modern OS/ISA combination where that's the case. State will get saved on a kernel mode stack (if not somewhere else totally). This is because the stack pointer is controlled by user mode, and you don't want it to do something like set the stack pointer to some area in kernel space, and then invoke a software interrupt in order to overwrite privileged code or data. This is a pretty commmon technique in video games generally referred to as "data driven design". Basically put as much of the runtime decisions that are made into a data value that can be tweaked by designers without having to ask an engineer to do it each time. That's too bad, I was really looking forward to playing around with TSX on some side projects. And as an engineer, this makes sense to me. True innovation in the field is respected just as much as if not more than implementation details. Not to mention the issues with reference counting in general. Having to make sure you don't have (even indirect) circular references means you have to explicitly think about ownership anyway. IMO, the fact that they decided to respond at all is a really good sign for the viability of RISC-V. > Wherever you would have written "socket.close()", in rust you can just say "drop(socket)". The difference is, it takes advantage of the ownership system to statically prove that you won't try to use the socket after close. Does a drop somehow say something to the type system as well, disallowing reads and writes afterwards? I'm new to rust, sorry if that's a stupid question. Linux won't run on most Cortex-Ms that this is for. These devices have 192KB of RAM on the high end and no MMU. It's back up now. To play devil's advocate, I can't think of a single mainstream distro that doesn't fork and patch the kernel as well. And one of Android's original use models was a non touch screen connected to a keyboard (mainly for Blackberry style smartphones before they were sure that slates would take off, but still...). And it's what's being done now on mainframes too. What was lacking in the commodity processor space was hardware support for mature hypervisors that stay out of the data plane (IBM got this right pretty close to the first try). We're almost there, but there's still some work IMO. Because you don't use libraries? Actually OS/400 isn't quite what I'm talking about (despite being really cool!). {AS|OS}/400 is more like a cross between a minicomputer and all of those promises of a Java OS we were given in the 90's. I'm talking more about the mainframe level stuff, like z/TPF on the software side and adding address space tags to the channels on the hardware side. Basically that last one is a better implementation of an IO/MMU where a device knows that it's probably running under a hypervisor, can get requests directly from multiple VMs without the hypervisor's intervention, and the VMs requests are implicitly tagged with the address space of the VM so it's still memory safe. ie. a VM can't request DMA from a device that would be outside of it's allocated space, but it can still directly ask the device for DMA without involving the hypervisor directly, and the device can service multiple VMs (that last bit is what isn't really present with current IO/MMUs). Since Lua is Portuguese for "moon", is this a Sailor Moon reference? It's a pretty standard RISC about halfway between SH4 and ARM in RISCiness(TM). It's memory map is a little different. (For MIPS32 at least, not sure what KSEG of MIPS64 looks like) 80000000-9FFFFFFF is fixed to a cached view of the first 512MB of physical memory. A0000000-BFFFFFFF is fixed to an uncached view. Everything else is only accessible by mapping it via the MMU (both from a physical and virtual context). Last I played with MIPS cores, they were only soft fill TLBs, but maybe that's changed. Thumb2 is more expressive than MIPS16 IMO (but that's just, like, my opinion, man). Other than that, the microarchitectual differences between individual implementations greatly outweigh the influence of the ISA, but for an in order design at least you can probably make a MIPS that'll compete well with an ARM for less transistors. I'm starting to see more and more Cortex-Ms with DRAM interfaces. STM32F427s added them to their FSMC peripheral (their new discovery board has 32MB of DRAM actually). Yes, it does. SD cards are not really designed for being used as a root file system. They are OK at streaming writes and reads, but once you start getting non sequential they slow down like you wouldn't believe. Which, yes, I know, is super weird for what should just be some glue logic around a NAND. I was investigating corruption and performance problems with our root filesystem on an SD card. The cards would be great a obvious benchmark style tasks, but when I recorded the block access pattern from our driver and replayed that on a Linux desktop with O_DIRECT, we'd not only get under 200KiB/s average access speed (which matched what we were seeing on the embedded system), but we would also get corrupted sectors (ie. we write it just fine, but we just get an error back from the card when we go to read the sector) in less than a day of sustained writes (once again at only 200KiB/s). And this was with high quality SanDisk cards that were then verified by them to be real cards (for a while we thought that clones had made their way into our supply chain). Using a weird form factor eMMC chip in an SD card got rid of these issues. There's also "industrial" SD cards that are around the same price that I suspect are basically the same thing. Yeah, it was almost certainly firmware bugs combined with already marginal NANDs. ie. the NANDs probably would have been fine if they were babysat a little better, but they were probably bottom of the barrel. That's kind of the SD card market in a nut shell any way. That being said we tried many different SD cards from quality vendors and found pretty heavy bugs and performance related issues among all of the non "industrial" versions. So, yes, the problems don't have to be intrinsic to the form factor, but empirically you're more likely than not to have issues with them. Most "bigger" SoCs have a secondary processor for SoC bringup/boot. (It's not uncommon to see a tiny ARM7 or something in this role). Since Broadcom succeeded in making a particularly general purpose core for their GPU (it seems that the GPU runs a full RTOS written in C), it only makes sense (well, to me at least) that it could take over that role as well to save on the transistor budget. As someone who's been trying to hire for a robotics programmer for a long time: Need to have: Systems/RTOS experience. ie. not spend a week chasing your tail when you stupidly put a printf in an ISR which changes timing so the code works, but then when you pull out the printf it stops working. Be able to read schematics and datasheets. I'm not expecting you to design a board (we have EEs for that), but you should absolutely be able to be given a schematic and a datasheet and then write a driver for a simple peripheral. Basic understanding of control theory. Being able to articulate what a PID loop is and why open control loops are a bad idea is probably good enough. Being a self directed learner. Robotics tends to be fairly low volumes all things considered (or atleast my branch of it). We have issues with vendor support not really caring about what happens to us since our volumes are so low. We therefore have to own significantly more of our tooling and have to be able to peer in to what our vendors would prefer to be treated as black boxes quite a bit. Any RE experience would go a really long way here in my book. Nice to have: Good understanding of mechanical engineering/physics terms like stiction. Ostensibly if you have the skillsets written above this you can be taught this, but this lowers the bar for hiring you quite a bit. #2 For tight loops on the GBA you wanted 32bit ARM instructions in an area of RAM with 32bit accesses. There was a performance penalty both for using thumb and for running non thumb out of ROM (the bus to ROM was only 16bits). If there was a lack of WRAM for some reason it would totally make sense to put a tight loop into VRAM. (And for whatever reason Nintendo is really into putting random stuff into VRAM. On the DS, one of the ARM7 images would put WLAN packet buffers into an unused VRAM bank to reduce pressure on other RAM banks). I don't know, I thought the computer work was actually a pretty good visual metaphor for proof assistant software like Coq. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_assistant IANAL, but I'm not sure Ford actually has a leg to stand on. 1) If I understand it correctly this data could be considered a list of facts and thus isn't copyrightable (just like a table of contents, or the list of ingredients in recipe). If it's not copyrightable, then the DMCA doesn't apply. See Lexmark Int'l v. Static Control Components. 2) The DMCA has a specific exemption for "interoperability purposes" which I could see this falling under as well but that's a weaker argument. Ostensibly DMCA claims are made under threat of perjury which is supposed to be the check and balance. That being said I can't think of a single case of that portion of the law being enforced. Unfortunately if a group were to take the action that you suggest, they would forfeit their safe harbor and be able to be sued just as had as the original "infringer". You don't get hardly any leeway in responding to DMCA requests. I haven't seen it on hacker news, but have seen it on reddit and Facebook. Facebook I can see depending significantly more on your specific social network. > after being short-changed with only a 23% raise in income in the last 10 years Inflation has been ~40% in the same period you know... Most C++ RTOSs I'd call unikernels, just generally targeted to a custom board rather than a VM. But the targeting is a driver issue, not something intrinsic to the architecture. Could a piece of this simply be that in the 1860's the US hadn't really surpassed the grandeur Greek and Roman empires at their peak, but now we have? You could argue the same for the Greek and Roman empires at their height too. Not really, I'd say that in either case my original point still stands. Nobody other than you said anything about banning sports. No, it doesn't appear that they do publicly. If you read the disassembly you'll see that it's first a byte by byte compare of the logo data, followed by the checksum of the header data. ; ===== Nintendo logo comparison routine ===== Addr_00E0: LD HL,$0104 ; $00e0 ; point HL to Nintendo logo in cart LD DE,$00a8 ; $00e3 ; point DE to Nintendo logo in DMG rom Addr_00E6: LD A,(DE) ; $00e6 INC DE ; $00e7 CP (HL) ; $00e8 ;compare logo data in cart to DMG rom JR NZ,$fe ; $00e9 ;if not a match, lock up here INC HL ; $00eb LD A,L ; $00ec CP $34 ; $00ed ;do this for $30 bytes JR NZ, Addr_00E6 ; $00ef On the trademark side of things, it's not enforceable. Not sure about the copyright side. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sega_Enterprises_Ltd._v._Accola... . Thanks, do you know why HN strips the period off of the link? http://thecodelesscode.com/case/100 'IP' in this context is just hardware speak for a given implementation. A lot of the Boulder local politics around "don't change anything" is really just code for "lets not build anymore housing so the property values continue to skyrocket". I'm really starting to get tired of it... And phones in nearly all cases are limited by thermal profile. That's what keeps you from running at full tilt on a mobile device even when plugged in. Where do you guys stand on "open source" synthetic biology (like BioBricks or OpenWetWare)? Will we see any source from you guys, whether it be of the von Neumann or the Crick variety? That had more to do with the fact that Windows depends on the Trident than the other way around. Stuff like the help files used mshtml.dll.