More importantly: will it get you laid? Consider a pressure cooker too, especially for the beans. Well done, but I don't see a whole lot of value in it. It's not the rates and terms -- it's handing over piles of cash to corrupt governments and hoping they'll spend it wisely. I know the readership here does not represent the general population of the internet, but have any of you ever purchased a product/service from an ad served up in a non-search context? I see what you've done there. It's the power efficiency that appeals to me. I want a home server that I can leave on 24/7 without putting a dent in my power bill. I'm forced to use Outlook at work and search is unusable. Google Desktop to the rescue! I recommend AppleCare for their laptops. Normally product insurance is a scam but I've had issues with 3 mac laptops so far (still love 'em though). What are your hate points about CentOS? Lua has been on my "todo" list for a while. Looks like there's already a framework out there: http://www.keplerproject.org I have fond memories of Slashdot. I remember in the early days reading this really inspiring essay about Lisp by some guy. That said, I'll glance at it once a day but will rarely dive in. I worry that Reddit will suffer the same fate. There's definite room for improvement in this area, maybe even a new startup or two... Yes, indeed! I bought my macbook just so I could parade it around to show my superiority. The fact that the general user experience is better than windows and requires less tinkering than linux had nothing to do with it. I'm almost done reading it. It is rather depressing to see all that talent and time go to waste. "First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, then you win." -- Mahatma Gandhi You are spot on. A stellar case of youth not being wasted on the young. I would think PG could whip up a quick page off the logs: http://www.hostip.info/dl/index.html Not when it is material to the operations of a public company. I would have liked to see some recommendations rather than just hand-wringing. My understanding is the crux of problem was the arm-twisting that went into having the ratings agencies grade them as low risk (make it look pretty if you want our business in the future). I would think that the best "free market" solution would be increased transparency and tools to get these transactions out of the shadows. Oracle has been replaced by Postgres. AOLServer is still going strong, but I guess it's not sexy enough to compete with RoR et al. The only thing about the rule of law here is not getting caught. These laws are about controlling the population, not protecting them. Here is where your "illegal drugs" thinking goes: http://www.reason.com/news/show/124947.html Worked for VCRs.... I hope so. I'm in the same boat (plus a couple years) and have my sights set on doing a startup as well. That said, I wish I had pursued this 20 years ago when I had more time, energy, and freedom -- but I guess I wasn't ready then. Right now I'm actually focusing on getting a new job (laid off just recently). I have a potential partner (same age/situation) who is not a hacker but would be a good compliment to my skillset. I have a vision for a product that would hopefully rock the project management landscape. If only I had 6 months locked with a fellow coder... I'll have to settle for a couple hours a day trying to make a convincing demo to sell the dream. Harrison Bergeron, by Kurt Vonnegut http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrison_Bergeron The current approach with biofuels is a debacle -- algae is clearly the way to go. That said, biofuels are not the only thing that comprises "green energy". Solar, wind, geothermal all have their place. Let's also not forget increasing energy efficiency and otherwise reducing waste that have direct economic benefits... Agreed. Those billion$ in subsidies going to coal, oil and nuclear don't make for much of a level playing field, do they? Most clock radios suck. If Apple can bring ease of use, style, and (dare I say it: fun) to the household I would buy. The shareholders are not making these decisions (directly), the Board of Directors is. And who is on the BOD? Why other CEOs who expect their actions to be reciprocated. This is [logrolling]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logrolling ). The talk about short term profit taking being driven by the market is BS as well. If a company were to take actions that would depress its earning in the short term for the sake of (demonstrable) long term growth and profits, the smart segment of the market would recognize that and respond favorably. One partial solution: outlaw stock options in publicly traded companies. Use cash bonuses and have the usual Employee Stock Purchase Plan that provides a 15% discount on investing in the company. There are neither 4 nor 3 possibilities: it was given that one child is a girl. So it's either GB or GG. 50% FTW. Would you have the citation for the studies that have shown damage done by ecstasy? There was a minor mistake in one study that used methamphetamine instead of MDMA: http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/mdma/mdma_research2.shtml . I'm curious, who else do you want to shoot? AMD has a market cap of 1.70B, they could fold that in too. My take: the suggestion that anybody should be pursuing nuclear weapons to solve socioeconomic issues. They gotta pay the bills too. Wait a week and read the stale copy. No both sides can, it's the Left that admits it. My father-in-law who toiled in the valley for many a year told me: "all those projects I worked late nights and weekends on -- they're all in landfills now". That said, he was able to cash out ok.... Check out Ritalin via your doctor. How about S5, ported to jquery? http://staticfree.info/projects/jqs5 No, but marketing requires them in order to be buzzword-compliant. It's all nature. Nurture is what you do with it. Murdoch did by proxy for 8 years. It wasn't pretty. STFU, perhaps. But wouldn't it be wonderful to hack our government to effect change in same (think wikileaks meets The Daily Show). We could have transparency via open source tools and translate public knowledge to public action. All we need are public records for every public penny spent in an open format. There might be some difficulties in getting that.... What free market? Open source to boot! http://openbluedragon.org/ For example, Apple's product line prior to the return of Steve Jobs. It also has multiple return values. As agl noted, it has iterators: http://golang.org/doc/go_spec.html#RangeClause Think of the synergy it could have when coupled with Geocities. This of i.e. as 'that is' and e.g. as "example given'.