1) Productivity. I get a lot more done. 2) Great UNIX implementation. 3) Great file/user/permission organization. 4) Super-easy backups, with no command line switches to remember. 5) Since I have a Mac, my boss steers me toward fun projects like getting started with iPhone development. 6) Feeling of investing in myself, making a commitment to getting a lot done. Turns out the Mac helps a LOT with that. Can't see the flash preview thingy on the lower right. Can see the other ones. I've seen this before with flash in Firefox. Might be an interaction with the AdBlock extension, which can be uninstalled over my dead body. ;-) When this happens on other sites, I just scroll down until the top of the flash item reaches the top of the browser, and then it displays. Can't use this workaround on your site, because there isn't any more content to scroll down to after that. BTW I don't mean to complain! Nice looking site. I'm just assuming you were hoping for feedback, so there it is. For anyone wondering the other question, what about salaries for experienced developers, keep in mind the numbers others are sharing here are just what was asked for, -starting- salaries. After a few years, the salaries are much higher, but still under $150K. $130K plus options is pretty standard in the West Coast for an experienced developer with or without any degree. Seems to have jumped up some in the last couple years along with gas prices. Google, though, pays less. GroundWork ( http://www.groundworkopensource.com/ ). It uses Nagios under the hood, but I wouldn't want to set up Nagios by hand (without the GroundWork config tools) at a largish site like ours. Are you trying to goad the nyt by aping their design style? Well done, in any case. Love the credibility concept, but it will be challenging to pull off. For one thing, people will treat the 'credible' button as an upvote button, and use it for stories where they agree with the headline or think the headline should be seen by more people. Nothing wrong with that, except that the site isn't providing anything new. Also people can be misled about credibility because the content comes from a branded site they already agree is credible, but that could be wrong too -- see how the New York Times messed up the Wen Ho Lee story. Also the herd tends to miss a lot, so I'm not sure sorting which news I see and don't see based on the (distorted, see above) herd consensus is a good thing. We already have plenty of sites that do that, and they are riddled with rickrolls and two girls one cup. The best Unix machine you can get (things just work, no driver issues) is a MacBook Pro. It also allows you to develop for iPhone, and for Windows if you use Parallels or VMware. If cost (comparing with crappy Dells that come with Vista, egads) is an issue, I invite you to check your wallet for this amazing device called a credit card. It's worked wonders for me. Google Docs. All the little Microsoft-friendly touches and branding tie-ins of Zoho just rub the wrong way. If they are spending that much time making things work well with Outlook, Office, and, ugh, MS IE, that's that much less time they have to make things work well for better platforms, so I don't trust them to keep improving it at the same pace as GD can maintain. S3. I have a script that takes one argument, a directory name. It encrypts the directory name and adds a timestamp, to make a filename that reveals nothing about the contents of the file except for the time it was created. It stores the original directory name along with the encrypted directory name in a local log file, so I can tell what's what later. Then it zips the directory and its contents into a file, names it with the encrypted filename, and does a GPG encryption of the file. Then it uploads it to Amazon S3 and cleans up after itself. All of this is completely automated once I type in the command. I do it for my project directory, which contains all my projects for the calendar year, periodically. After the year closes out, I start a new year and the old files (from previous years) stay safe and unchanged on S3. Over the course of a year, if a few backups for the same year pile up, I usually delete the old ones. I haven't automated that part. This scheme is OK for backing up a few important directories, if they aren't large, like for source code, just what you asked about -- a few hundred megabytes will cost just pennies a month on Amazon. It's not a SVN or GIT solution, but it gives you total privacy, rather than relying on a third party to do the encryption for you. Each idea becomes a project, even if it is a potential project. Projects are under a year (2008) directory under a 'work' directory (where work refers to something I'm working on, as in in-progress, not work as in job). But job stuff can go under work/{year}/projname too. So then I have: ~/work/2006/proj1 ~/work/2006/proj2 ~/work/2006/projn ~/work/2007/proj1 ~/work/2007/projn ~/work/2008/proj1 ~/work/2008/projn etc. Then when something is really finished and polished, I move it to a ~/proj/projname directory. That happens only rarely. I've been reconsidering this and might start keeping everything in its original place under ~/work/{year}/projname The other systems I've tried suffer from not being scalable as the years go by. Periodically I back up each year (zipped and gpged) to Amazon S3 with a script. Sometimes a project will span years, of course. When that happens I decide on a case-by-case basis whether to do a symbolic link back to one original project directory, or whether to start fresh at some point with a clean set of files for that project, leaving the cruft behind but still intact in a previous year. Inside each project I can still use version control for the project. Some projects are just repositories for ideas. Projects can be my own, or they can be me playing with third party tools I've downloaded. Even just a new open source package I'm installing might get its own project, with all files, if it's tricky and I want to make my own installation notes for future reference. All project directories have a notes.txt file (or can have, at least). I have a 'tagthis' script that takes text tags as argument and adds the new tags to header lines in notes.txt in the current directory. Then later I can grep for these tags. Works pretty well so far. It gives me the freedom to call anything, even an idea I don't have time to work on right now, a project and make a starting place for it. So-called projects in this scheme are very, very informal, so it's a very light weight system that doesn't get in my way, yet it keeps everything organized forever. he.net is wonderful, and has very, very low latency connectivity. No fancy GUI control panel (at least not that I've noticed), just plain ssh access to a good shell and you're on your way. They answer the phone on the second or third ring, a real human, maybe because most of their users are good enough not to need any support. That being said, I'm now looking for a new provider too, because they host only one domain for the cheap accounts. My old boss used to have a long and very well-delivered spiel on the history of the wheel (literally) and its continual reinvention. One good way to make the point. Plus by reinventing, you get to own your work, you learn the problem space, you develop processes for execution, you train your team, you start collecting valuable usage data, you position yourself in the market... and all those reasons are on top of the fact that you can probably make some kick-ass improvements. Usually the success stories are products built on top of, or around, open source software. Suites that include support, integration services, and add-ons. Often these companies contribute back to the open source projects, while also keeping some of their own work proprietary. Then charge on a subscription model. Perl is more readable to someone who knows Perl, because it gives you indications what type each variable is: $ for scalars (single values without dimension) @ for arrays % for hashes (like python's dictionaries) With python, you have to guess. Of course, many people who are intimidated by Perl have made the same statement about readability, and it is often repeated unthinkingly. That doesn't mean it's true. On the other hand, Perl does make it easier to write unreadable code. Just like any powerful tool -- cars, telephones -- it can be abused. All that being said, I think Python is a great choice too; I just disagreed on the readability point. Yes, Perl encourages readability in the language by one of its language features, the helpful prefixes in front of variable names. Wow, that sure was content-free. I bet there's pretty close to an inverse relationship between the percentage spent for gas, and the percentage spent for housing, especially when you normalize for income. Would be interesting to see some mashups of this type of data. You've been extorted? Well, pass the extortion right on down. Or, do what I do, bribery. Earn a bankroll of neopoints at neopets.com, and give them out as payment for programming exercises completed. My daughter (nine) just earned 30,000 neopoints from me yesterday for doing three easy Python programming exercises (where easy, starting out, means something like "cut and paste this and get it to run, with help from Dad allowed" and then goes from there). How to earn lots of neopoints? Neopian stocks, mostly. Scratch is so good you can even use Scratch time as a reward, if you're mean enough to do that. For editing of Python, we're trying out Pico, which is like an Emacs lite, with the main useful commands clearly shown at the bottom of the screen. Who said evolution happens only here and not elsewhere? Life is tricky to define, but the most likely scenario is life does not develop first - it develops only after a process of evolution of replicating stuff that would not be considered alive by most definitions. Eventually, after billions of years with trillions of petri dishes worth of different little evolution experiments all happening in parallel on each of billions of planets, some of them gain replication mechanisms that are complex enough that they could be considered alive. Evolution leads up to this point, and continues after it. Don't forget getting a hosting provider with low latency. Actual hostnames have been changed to protect the guilty and to avoid spamming on behalf of the innocent. If you really want to know, the IP address is there. BAD: $ ping suckyhosting.com PING suckyhosting.com (66.39.3.7): 56 data bytes 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=0 ttl=56 time=85.547 ms 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=1 ttl=56 time=85.164 ms 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=2 ttl=56 time=84.244 ms 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=3 ttl=56 time=89.111 ms ^C --- suckyhosting.com ping statistics --- 4 packets transmitted, 4 packets received, 0% packet loss round-trip min/avg/max/stddev = 84.244/86.017/89.111/1.848 ms GOOD: $ ping myprovider.net PING myprovider.net (216.218.186.2): 56 data bytes 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=0 ttl=57 time=12.773 ms 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=1 ttl=57 time=11.947 ms 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=2 ttl=57 time=12.747 ms 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=3 ttl=57 time=15.037 ms Geography matters too, but even for locale-specific sites, it may be better to have a US-based provider with super-great network connections (with good access to a MAE, for example), hopefully also redundant connections, than to have a poorly-connected provider closer to the geographic region you are serving. If an order of magnitude speedup is "astonishing" then the field must have become overconfident and complacent. Great to see someone rocking the boat. But does anyone care to explain any more (in English, for us plebes) more about how this is astonishing? I'm not challenging the assessment; I'm just curious about what it means. And some interesting words from one of the other papers: what are "classifier regret" and "ranking regret"? Is that a metric of how often you go down the wrong path or something? hehe, yes, that was well done. Your examples lend themselves to confusing answers, so I am changing the examples to use my own examples, which are of course totally clear and correct. Here's how the record in your zone file should look: foo IN CNAME lalala.bigpipe.com. The above (from foo all the way to .com.) should all be on one line. Note the . at the end is required. Now let's say this is the zone file on your web site, googoogaga.com. Now after this record takes effect, people can point to: http://foo.googoogaga.com/ and they will get files from lalala.bigpipe.com, but their browser address bar will continue to show them foo.googoogaga.com. Nice, huh? You do not need to have access to the zone file on bigpipe.com; you only need to have access to put your content files you are serving onto lalala.bigpipe.com. Well, that is, unless you are using their content files. About your proposed solution of "clusters": Getting people to explore outside of their comfort zone, and letting them encounter ideas that challenge their faith-based views, is actually a good thing. Insular clusters do sound "safe" but I would not assume that is a net positive. Male bonding activities are never wasted time. Seriously. Even something as small as going along on a beer run, might get you a position on a board twenty years from now, or a great job in an amazing place, or, by far the most valuable of all possibilities, crash space on a sofa in San Francisco. There may be some truth to that. Don't lose your one opportunity to do it right. Forget about wild terrorist threats. The important thing is that self updating features are a bad idea for any product, hardware or software, that might someday be the target of litigation. I met the Slingbox founders at an EFF event once, and one of them told me that they deliberately left a self-updating capability out of the Slingbox, on the advice of an EFF lawyer. Hurricane Electric shared hosting. Pros: super low latency connections, ssh access, decent setup, no frills, $10/month. Cons: they don't keep their installations in the bleeding edge version-wise. I use Perl a lot. They are at 5.8.0, which is not bad, but not the very latest. Of course you can install your own anything (perl, python, ruby, etc.) in user space, which makes library management more simple too. Unknowns: I've never had it tested under a serious load. Just playing around. I WISH there was a host that gave me the speed, simplicity and low price of HE but also supported more than one domain name on the same account (for the same price). There are sites that do that, but typically they have something else wrong with them, such as having the "feature" of being control-panel based. Tried to click on the 'register now' link, and waited about two minutes for something from 'engine27.woopra.com' to load, and got impatient. The page never loaded. I don't want my potential users to have this kind of experience. I would have been a potential customer, but no thanks. For me it's because I understand the argument against the existence of God. Specifically, a God, meaning some kind of conscious all-knowing, all-powerful entity that exists somehow "beyond" time, would have to be a thing of organized complexity. And organized complexity does not just "exist beyond time." Somehow, this kind of organized complexity has to come in to being. No, it does not "just exist." We do know one process for bringing organized complexity into being, and that is evolution. So far, it's the only process we know about for creating organized complexity on the scale required for consciousness and intelligence. We don't know of any other processes that can do this. That doesn't prove that there aren't other ways. But. You tell me. If God knows everything, where did he/it get that knowledge? If God "just exists", explain: how is that possible? Your non-explanation, to me, proves nothing. Rather than saying "I can't prove leprechauns exist, so therefore you must accept that they might exist" I am very content to say "I do not believe that leprechauns exist." Period. End of story. Same with God. No reason to believe. Even Pascal's wager is flawed, because you lose so much by living your life according to faith, that it is not worth it, especially considering how unlikely it is that a complete perfect all-knowing all-powerful intelligence would just spring into being beyond time. "and I totes love it." Huh? Totes? What? I guess I'm just not cool enough for this site. So, if I understand this correctly, I could start uploading a 2GB file, and, while it is still uploading, my recipient could start downloading it, even before the upload has finished? Did I get that right? I do not believe in leprechauns. In fact, I actually do believe that there is NOT a leprechaun dancing around my feet at this very moment. Note this is different from having "no belief." I also feel this way about God, because intelligence, which is a kind of organized complexity, does not just spring into existence without some stage of organization such as evolution, at least as far as we know. I'm willing to be convinced otherwise, but it would take more than empty assertions to do so. So that makes me an atheist. Of course, someone claiming "no belief in God" is also an atheist, but one of a different flavor. (You know, strong versus weak atheism). To agnostics, I have only one question: If you are agnostic about God, are you also agnostic about the invisible leprechauns dancing around your feet? I steer clear of rock star job listings too. I suspect it means they have a weak team, weak technology, or both, or some kind of tangled mess, and they hope someone can come and fix it all for them while the other team members hold their responsibility at arm's length. No mention of the pervasive nepotism at work in knol authorship. It looks like Google employees and family members have been given the first mover advantage for owning many of the lucrative knol topics. Nice and clean, but the omnipresent dollar signs might put off a lot of people. I'd suggest deemphasizing those a bit and adding some content to interest people who are still thinking about what to spend their money on. Tease them in the door, and don't greet them with a cash register as soon as they come in. Most attack sites do. Appear to be perfectly safe, that is. For anyone who wants to read the article, this works. (I put in URL_HERE as a placeholder because HN truncates the URL): lynx --dump URL_HERE > output.txt Ironic that to read the article, I used a technique that solves the problem the article is talking about solving. In a much easier way, I might add! The OC? What is that? I had to Google it and I still am not sure what you mean. Yeah, I don't get out much. VMware snapshots. Before multiple snapshots, I didn't get the value of VMware. AWS S3 AWS EC2 Yahoo Music subscription service, back when it 1) existed and 2) ran on an OS I had (W2k). Moose xmavisx on wretch.cc Of the churches you've heard of doing that, which denominations were they, may I ask? I wonder if any churches would go so far as to post this on the web. >GINA prohibits employers/insurers from discriminating against you based on your genetic info Laws change. And the value of words like "discriminating" also changes with various interpretations. There are right and wrong ways to protect the privacy of customers. Relying on laws is one of the wrong ways. What's your average page size? Does your crawler support gzip compressed transfers? What speed is your Comcast link? No, I was serious. When I look at a variable in Python, say, p, to take an example from the code shown in the Python documentation, there is no way to tell what p is. Is it an array? A dictionary? A tuple? Something else? With Perl I get more information just by looking at the variable. That makes it more readable. Python, on the other hand, is still very nice. Maybe one of these days it will get me, especially if the libraries grow to match the breadth of CPAN. I love these kinds of retorts-to-the retorts. Let's start. 1. Yeah, he didn't miss the point though. Better weather means people take good weather for granted, and don't get all gah-gah about it. The keep working, even on sunny days. Californians on the beach? Sure, there are a few, but mostly in the dreams of people who don't live here. 2. The claim was that there are lots of better people. You're right, they aren't automatically better (did he say that?). But there certainly are a lot of great ones, who didn't get that way automatically, but did so with training and experience and exposure. 3. More options is generally not a bad thing. Someone even won a Nobel prize for showing that to be true. Who are we to argue with a Nobel prize winner? 4. Exit is an option. Again, options are good. Where did the guy say you "need" an exit to be successful? I missed that part. Oh, and speaking of prettiest girls at the dance, in Silicon Valley, well, actually, never mind, but trust me, it is just a nice part of the country. 5. Again, I missed the part where she/he said it is the "only" place where a startup can be successful. Good board members can be found anywhere, but they can be found here more often, in greater numbers, through more contacts, with a greater diversity of interests. And teleconferencing works here, too! 6. It's in the Bay Area, which is actually kind of OK in terms of attracting people. Hope the link works. To be fair, it's not a picture of Silicon Valley proper, but of the Bay Area, of which Silicon Valley is a part: http://flickr.com/photos/22779657@N00/1697466173/sizes/l/in/... Assuming that people purchase Macs just as a kind of sexual signal is infantile thinking that projects your own motivations onto others. What you think people think is not the same as what they think. I buy Macs because they help me get more shit done. End of story. He suggests steep fines. Those funds better be escrowed before the ad is placed, or it won't work. A much better stick would be a throttling of access to that medium for the perpetrator. The problem is hit-and-run attacks from allied but autonomous entities that melt into thin air (as with Swift Boat and Al Queda), leaving no assets and nothing to lose. How about punishing not just the people who placed the ad, but the side which benefited from their unfair use of the media? The best solution would be an informed electorate that pays attention to reality, but that's just a nice dream in a country where 70% or more believe in a fairy-God. And this factoid is on the front page of HN why, exactly? They could all learn programming and then they would earn closer to $130K/year, I suppose, but does that make it relevant to HN? I've got the opposite kind of thing going on here in my life, with a super-warm, and that's putting it politely, laptop. Can these guys do anything for me, I wonder? Just one word about Knol: nepotism. Solar electric for, back of the envelope, maybe 1/3rd of the US total electricity supply. I'm not an electric power expert - maybe someone with actual expertise will correct me.