iamleppert, are you me? I went through literally the exact same situation (same problem with the manager, same outcome, etc.), though instead of quitting I finished the pip and switched to a new team (I was already on another team by the second or third day of the pip as I was taking it to HR, which doesn't always work out - it did in this case). New team thought it was absolutely ridiculous I was on it, as did many members of the original team. I finished the pip just fine. I work at Large Transportation Company. Same shit over here. Once I was working with a manager that loved the fact I'm gay, I do great work, stress levels are down (or at least, the stress incurred is the 'fun' kind of stress), etc. I do agree the review process is ridiculous - I've never been in a company where they had them prior to this. We were told to choose 2-5 coworkers that were really involved in our day to days within the review period (6 months), and after doing so my manager went in and added the rest of the team (including coworkers I barely saw that I had one or two interactions with over the course of months), including other coworkers that had made very brash comments about my boyfriend/age or about gays in general. Manager used that shitty feedback from three out of the nine total employees that reviewed me (that otherwise gave pretty glowing reviews) to initiate the pip. There was a whole bunch of other BS with the situation - e.g. a manager and another coworker joking about satanic rituals against us in our team HipChat room - that I really don't feel like going into detail about that just added insult to injury. What's worse, there has been no investigation into the matter much past asking the offending manager to "talk about things". Oh well. When you have 11,000+ employees, it's hard to have an objective team investigate every single review. Plus, how can this objective team, with little to no context of daily interactions, assess whether or not feedback is "legitimate" or dripping in disdain? 1) You should definitely research who Fedor Indutny is. 2) If you think companies aren't already doing this, you're lying to yourself. 3) This is a harmless experiment made to spotlight how simple it is to identify someone just by their typing. This could be used in a multitude of ways. 4) Stop generalizing "people in tech", and stop assuming everyone builds stuff for no reason. This is a deliberate experiment, made on purpose, for a very good reason. I maintain quite a few high-traffic packages on npm and have done so for years. Npm is really bad about handling any sort of situation with any amount of grace. Per my anecdotal experience, they are really good at choosing the outcome that benefits them the most/harms them the least - which wouldn't upset me since most companies do this, but it's Npm's "we're here for the community" type of fake attitude that has always bothered me. This looks incredible. Will definitely be playing with this in the coming days. Happy to see something like this. I paid for Synergy a long time ago, but as others have echoed, I'm not a huge fan of the direction they took. Hi. I'm the maintainer of https://npmjs.org/package/color and https://npmjs.org/package/color-convert . Curious what your library does differently aside from API design. `color-convert` has been around for years and has supported all of these algorithms plus more - and it does a BFS search to convert between models that do not have an explicitly written conversion algorithm. I'm not one to say "don't do this", but I'm generally pretty against re-inventing the wheel if there's something to be improved upon. I wanted to incorporate MongoDB into a C++ server at one point. Their C/C++ client is literally unusable. I went to look into writing my own that actually worked and their network protocols are almost impossible to understand. BSON is a wreck and basically the whole thing discouraged me from ever trying to interact with that project again. This is a Good Thing. Remember the Boston bomber? I don't have a solution, but making all police communications public in real-time only puts innocent people at risk. > In the process I have found that even HIPAA is not a protocol, it is a largely unspecific set of guidelines for how patient data should be stored and transmitted. Former HIPAA security officer here; to be abundandly clear, there _are_ very specific guidelines for which information must be anonymized. I don't think you were saying the alternative, just sounded a little like "anything goes" which is definitely not the case. As for your point about guidelines, that's entirely true - last time I read the section about encryption, it just specified "state of the art encryption" which is... a poor way to specify that. My 2019 macbook did this, I always wondered what it as. Pretty much my thoughts too. Trying to do game development on macos doesn't make much sense anymore. My next machine will probably be windows, even though I dislike Microsoft and everything they're about. Typical case of software using seemingly high-tech jargon and buzzwords to up/oversell an otherwise uninteresting project. > For the first time, Tor Browser users on desktop will be able to opt-in for using onion sites automatically whenever the website makes them available. Good. This is, in my opinion, one of the bigger pain points of the whole Tor experience. I don't personally think the problem is with understanding how onion addresses work (I've explained them to my mother and she understands the concept pretty easily), it's just the user-experience that has always been kind of a pain - even for people that use Tor often and understand it well. I don't use the Tor browser for a number of reasons, so I can only hope other browsers follow suit. > I think that's all the validation we need for HTML/CSS/JS as the best tool for UI development nowadays. "Best" makes it sound like the entire landscape isn't an ocean of garbage. Sounds neat, first newsletter I've voluntarily subscribed to since I was a child. Looking forward to the next issue. IME, more bodies usually always equates to more bugs and slower release cycles. In isolated incidents, perhaps. As a general rule, no. Police officers are not evil and crooked as a general rule - only the paranoid or willfully ignorant believe that. > police officers organizations, as a rule, strongly defend officers involved (demonstrably so, not merely accused) in corrupt and abusive acts Got a source? I've worked with/dated/am related to quite a few LEOs in various parts of the country. This has never been true in my experiences. That's hardly a "rule". It is for me. Tor runs as a daemon, then I have my Firefox proxy settings to always hit Tor. Onion addresses work, and Firefox refuses to connect if the Tor daemon isn't running. Paired with Firefox actually honoring my requests to purge all information upon exit (instead of chrome only "kind of" doing it), it certainly works out quite well for me. The thing is, doing this is actually quite trivial. Graph databases are used in large part for this very usecase. Can someone explain? From what I understand, they don't plan to replace TCP/IP. The body of text merely states it has been a staple of internet protocols, somehow saying it's been even further proven during covid-19. No, this isn't going to change anything. Not every piece of news has to affect current events and their trajectories. I wonder how this will affect the subway station photo booths. For those that don't know, at least in Berlin (possibly other places) many U-Bahn (Subway) stations have photo booths for passport photos. They're apparently verifiable by the government, but I've never really understood how. This sounds like those booths will no longer work. Anyone have any more info? I'm an American expat in Germany. I've never had my fingerprints checked, neither in the US not at any country borders. Could be a privilege stemming from US/EU diplomacy but I've never heard of them checking anyone else's fingerprints. I disagree. Who is sorting those tickets? Are they sorted arbitrarily or were the technicals considered? Is the ticket at the top feasible given the current state of the codebase/product? In theory this would work, but it has the pre-requisite that whomever is managing tickets understands technology - which, in my 10 years in the field, has been quite rare. Agreed. Github's Stale Bot is the most infuriating, aggravating and insulting bot in widespread use. Every time I encounter it, I reevaluate whether or not I even want to contribute to the project. TTYs in general are some of the most outdated and archiac pieces of technology still used today. They need a serious overhaul, but the problem is, any major change will break pretty much all programs. Please, stop using HTTP and JSON as a transport. I can't take any project seriously that thinks this is a good combination. Everything at Uber was HTTP and JSON and all it did was slow things down and cause more bug surface area. I will never, ever install Fuchsia if I can help it. Replacing one Google Spyware OS with another doesn't solve anything. It's not about impressiveness - surely, it's impressive. However, the article is more or less critiquing the discourse surrounding the model - namely, that there is a strange misconception floating around that it's somehow a general purpose AI that can understand and think about the world similar to a human. Which, of course, it cannot. If the claims about GPT-3 were accurate, there'd be a lot less of a flare-up about it. Don't claim your software does what it can't. > Initiated a PayPal chargeback process - PayPal responded: "we’ve determined there was no unauthorized use" Yep. This is why I avoid PayPal like the plague. I've never heard good things about them. Apple takes it more seriously than the Windows teams do, sure. That's not to say Apple is perfect. Their "root"/"" login bypass zero-day was absolutely unacceptable, even compared with Microsoft's problems. Other than that, I'd trust an Apple device over a windows device any day of the week. > If I had been awarded a five-year $62,500/year grant with the sole condition of "do research", I would almost certainly have persevered in academia If that were a thing, I would have actually wanted to go to college. I was fortunate enough to have some high school teachers lay it out plainly for me given my interests and desires, and concluded much the same things as Colin has stated in the article. Not going turned into the first large risky thing I did in my life that really, _really_ paid off in later years. There was no incentive otherwise to go for the same reasons described in this article. alternate unbrided.com: First ever DaaS - divorce as a service. Only one endpoint, DELETE /v1/marriage. As a parrot owner, this is true. It's a huge scare in the community because it's one of those facts not well known by even moderately-experienced/-researched owners. It's almost a guaranteed kill to a parrot when heated. Very dangerous stuff. I pulled in the image from the article and tried it myself. A few minutes of fiddling around with the various filters, I got this result: https://imgur.com/82yHUoM I reckon that'd be enough to run through a database. This article is super annoying to read. TLDR: 25 year old made up fake accounts of being a former ISIS member and conducting executions. Police arrested him for causing public outrage and other shenanigans. TIL political neutrality in a company workplace is a controversial issue... I'm all for nuclear power but this is not at all how I want them to behave. It's not often that power companies do good by their customers and this app sounded like it was genuinely a win-win. Dispicable. Hey it's you! You wrote social cooling too, which I really enjoyed. Great site. Thank you for sharing it. The average beauty score ranges from something like -150000 to +150000. Not sure why! Oh so this is what's happening to my repos. I maintain one that gets ~60 million downloads a week, and is usually the first thing people run to for help when something unrelated goes wrong. This is nothing new, though the volume has increased a bit. Gen Y here. Agreed. I had one of those TVs. The ads show up in the menu bar. I called them and told them I paid over a thousand dollars for this TV and do not want ads. They said they'd be happy to help me disable my internet connection. I was so dumbfounded at the petty response that I simply hung up. Lost a customer for life. I will never again buy a Samsung product. This. When I was in California I tried to find a 4k TV that was "dumb". It was impossible. > but most average consumers definitely wouldn't. This is the problem. We're so used to giving up privacy now that, slowly, they're chipping away at the small amount we have remaining. And it affects everyone. They scrape all of your contacts and create ghost profiles to better track connections of even people who do not use their services. Apple does this too. Well, did - not sure if they still do. Well that just took me down a several hour rabbit hole. Thank you. It was a discussion a while back I had with someone that used to work for them. Not sure how much of it was public.