This design is like all others that involve separated, segregated facilities: Cyclists are at extreme risk of getting right hooked by turning drivers who will assume they have the supreme right of way even if they do see the bicyclists they mow over. Little tweaks like moving the stopping positions around have no effect on oblivious cagers. No it hasn't. Cyc has been widely reported on outside of academic circles for decades. It last got a lot a buzz when Watson was preparing to debut on Jeopardy. It can be viewed as a copyright circumvention "device". If they published the code in a book like was done with PGP it could be viewed has having a legitimate existence as a physical work. It is when you have a networked device that speaks X protocol. They were common in the 90's for test equipment and many are still useful today. These sort of legacy devices can't use newer alternatives. The copyright to the code of Popcorntime is held by its authors so a DMCA takedown on the code can't be issued on those grounds. However, it acts as a technology circumvention device (in a circuitous way) since it provides access to media that originally was encrypted. 17§1201 a.2: No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof, that— (A) is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title; 17§1201 a.3.A: to “circumvent a technological measure” means to descramble a scrambled work, to decrypt an encrypted work, or otherwise to avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, or impair a technological measure, without the authority of the copyright owner; and They had a vague announcement about organizational changes a few months ago to a "flatter" hierarchy. It was the first hint of the layoffs that have now come to fruition. They still sell embedded DOS. Supporting legacy products is good customer service. It's not like they were spending tons of resources to maintain the code. It doesn't matter if there is an imbalance in the traffic flow. Verizon is being paid to deliver requested packets over IP. That's all they have to do. Singling out Netflix is pointless. If Netflix were replaced with 1000 video streaming sites with the same aggregate traffic volume who would they blame for all the data their customers are pulling in? Verizon desperately wants to avoid being a humble ISP with no way to pull the strings the way do with their telco service. That's why they're playing this game. while() doesn't cast to bool in C. It compares to integer 0 which will become an unconditional jump after optimization. Not to worry. Just the NSA deploying a MITM attack. The bugs will be ironed out soon and your transactions will proceed smoothly as before. Tcl and Python also have (multiple) bolted on OO systems that can be altered at will. It should be grounds for classification as a vexatious litigant since it clearly indicates that they're not serious about following through with a lawsuit and are just running a shakedown operation. They are moving in that direction because they are going to be swamped by cheaper Chinese clones. Some will inevitably have competitive or better image quality, features, battery life, etc. and GoPro must pivot to leverage of their first mover advantage in action cams. "I recommend using servers you've hacked or a VPS paid with bitcoin to hack from." Not a good idea considering Bitcoin isn't anonymous and a sufficiently motivated state can back track to an electronic purchase of bitcoin tied to your identity. He needs to randomize the 1P/2P assignment because Aquarius seems to prefer being on the right side of the tank and gets an unfair advantage as 1P. This is not really a Gamma correction issue (although gamma shouldn't be ignored for other reasons). It is the result of attenutation of high frequency information close to the Nyquist rate (1 pixel wide details) when downsampling. The applied gamma is adding emphasis to these high frequency details so that they survive the anti-aliasing filter and downsampling process. Maybe Watson's inference engine could be reworked into an automated PR generator and put them out of a job. It is still weird. * * is the other established convention used for exponentiation in languages like Python, Ada, m4, and others. If you're the IT admin you need to be sacked if you overreact without reading the full e-mail with this line: The "w0000000t" file is apparently part of a mass compromise of Microsoft FTP servers, which was found but not explained by a French security company named QuarkLabs in this slide Nothing in the message implied that the professor was responsible for anything other than trying to be helpful. Just be glad it wasn't "boffin speak" as the contemptuous British press are so fond of. There was a time when Apple only sold through franchisees and were unable to sell direct. And run like every other industrial egg farm in the US. The license only applies to derivatives of the markdown.pl code. The spec describes a "reverse engineered" implementation that is partially interoperable with the original but isn't actually derived from it. Reverse engineering for the purpose of interoperability is a legal activity in the US. Why would you need a third party to handle that? Just analyze your logs and spam the inactive users for free. The existing LTE version is now strangely listed as the "Gen 1" on the Motorola site. I am not a competitive cyclist but remove the hair on my legs with a depilator in the Spring because my leg pelt retains too much heat in the Summer. There is a noticeable improvement in cooling after it is done. While not the most pleasant process, it avoids stubble and the delayed regrowth means the new hair is sufficiently long to begin providing warmth just in time for when cooler Fall temps arrive. I always considered that to be the real reason why the pros do it with road rash being of secondary concern. Those with shorter leg hair just went along and copied their hairier peers. I replaced mine with a $20 Chinese knockoff when their crappy speed controller burned out. Good riddance. Don't know why they can't figure out how to design brushes that don't jam in the housing either. The GP isn't wrong. Consider all of the mutually unintelligible Chinese dialects that use the exact same script. Corporations, yes. Companies, no. Nobody founds a corporation. Pandoc is a powerful tool but it has some serious limitations. Nothing more sophisticated than it's own flavor of Markdown is supported. "Simple" things like internal references to anything other than headings are impossible. I had to abandon it after realizing how restricted its ReST parser is compared to the official Docutils. Outsourced. Kodak ditched its internal electronics development years ago. It is now just a brand slapped on whitebox designs from Chinese developers like Westinghouse or RCA or a host of other recycled domestic brands. -- Former Kodak employee Google doesn't have ads on the news subdomain. They only make money indirectly by driving traffic to publishers who are Doubleclick customers and adding new behavioral data to the profiles of logged in users. I'd be happy if they'd just let you turn off syntax highlighting for code blocks in the wiki. The default sh highlighter looks like crap if you display code in any unsupported language like assembly or Tcl. tags can be used but then you lose the gray background. That something so simple isn't implemented is the biggest sign of how abandoned Google Code has become. The simple solution to this is to request a password reset from that service and disable their account. Just beware that pretty much every sub $500 bike uses plastic bearing races in the bottom bracket. They will fail after a few thousand miles. All that changed are the default settings. It's unfortunate that Intel didn't document the change but the fix is to add a new step to the drive replacement procedure to reconfigure the firmware. This is a scriptable action. Not that big a deal. The federal government doesn't want its sources and methods exposed. They have allowed moles supplying info to the Soviets to go unprosecuted because nabbing them would have tipped off the Russians that their communication channels weren't secure. It is quite likely that there are passive devices that monitor cell phone channels without tricking them into connecting to a phony base station. These technically wouldn't be "stingrays". That is basically what the SIGINT satellites do. It could certainly be miniaturized for local area monitoring. In any case, the cell providers have basic details of what phones communicate with their towers. It doesn't seem like that avenue wasn't used in this case though. Sometimes you want to do things high level languages don't support. For instance C doesn't let you retrieve the 64-bit result from a 32x32-bit multiply. You have to cast the operands to 64-bit first to get the result even though the hardware provides the answer you want without any extra steps. If this is performance critical code it may require dropping down to assembly. ... damn lies and statistics... and bad journalism. The numbers apparently conflate Asian-Americans with Asian foreign students. A breakdown of the two groups would be more useful to work from given the huge numbers of wealthy Chinese fighting tooth and nail to send their kids to the most prestigious American schools. The numbers are also skewed by simple geography. The West coast has more Asian-Americans and would be more desirable for foreign students in terms of quicker and cheaper travel between home and school. California schools can't be equitably compared to the East coast. In the C grammar, braces denote compound statements. Control flow statements can take any type of statement as their body rather than just the compound variety. There was an engineering issue with wind loading on the clad version of the spire so they left it off. It seems like most of his problems would be alleviated by working on a non-volatile version of the code in a private branch. The kids these days tend to favor a VCS that has this feature. Manning couldn't have happened if they followed their own policies for locking down PCs and restricting access to writable media. Just as many as all of the 8-bit systems in use today. There is no need, in the vast majority of cases, for wide data busses in embedded applications. 16-bit is going to die out, though, like the 4-bit and bitslice processors. The DECT phone standard had to be marketed as "6.0" for the US market because non-technical people were trained to believe that 5.8GHz was better than 2.4GHz and a phone that ran at 1.9GHz would never sell in the US. This is the same thought process driving the audiophools' desire for bigger numbers regardless of reason. It doesn't help that the fundamentals of sampling theory aren't particularly intuitive. I've got a blatant http://.. . hyperlink on the top of my resume. Almost nobody clicks on it. I went to an interview where they requested code samples which they could have already reviewed beforehand if they had just followed that link. The problem is that tons of resumes are getting rejected by ATS' due to low keyword match scores without ever passing across human eyes. Bad Piggies is fun and has better replay value as you unlock more abilities to get to previously unreachable areas. What's more surprising is that no execs from Japan have crossed over to SPE.