Get a lawyer ASAP! When you are an employee, the employer owns all your time. There is no such thing as "spare time" or "side project on my own". That's why employer can tell you that you have to be there and then, can call you at any time and can drug test your to ensure you are 100% committed to the company. It's just modern slavery. Sure you can negotiate such clauses out, but it would be still difficult to claim ownership to anything you make "outside work". For the future - if you are entrepreneurial, create your own company and work on a b2b basis. It is much healthier and you wouldn't run to such problems (or much less likely). This assumes the employer is only motivated by money, but there may be big egos that would sink the ship just for the sake of enforcing the contract. May be delicate and ugly. I think the "end-to-end" statement is also misleading as you don't really know whether the communication is indeed encrypted end to end. If you want true end to end ecryption you can grab a tool that will generate public and private key pair, send public key to your contact and ask them for their public key. Then use tool to encrypt your following messages with your private key and received messages with your contact's public key. Then it doesn't matter whether underlying transport is encrypted or not. Things like Whatsapp give false sense of security. I am pretty sure the messaging can be accessed but nobody will ever admit it. You can make it less obvious that you are sending encrypted messages by using two way binary to English text transcoder, so your messages will appear like an English conversation (although easy to pick as gibberish by a censor) You don't know whether private key is generated in a way that could be replicated on the server and you don't know what is running on the other side. Here in the UK government is pushing no rights employment under guise of fairer taxation. People providing services will be taxed as employees but will not have any workers' rights, including no right to unionise, no equal pay, no maternity leave and so on. Currently this won't affect existing employees, but from April nothing will stop employers from terminating their staff and issuing new NRE contracts on a take it or leave it basis. What's most bizarre is that even the unions are not too fussed about it, it's like they either don't believe this is actually happening or they just don't care. The legislation is in current Finance Bill and so far has met no resistance and likely is going to pass. You should be able to compile and run app that is truly open source if you have right tools and skills. Workers re-hired on a contract could defend themselves against lack of employment protections by working outside IR35 and providing these protections themselves. The change takes this away as only the client will be able to decide how worker is taxed. This favour agencies over independent workers as agencies have more freedoms what business costs they can deduct from tax and what salaries to pay to their workers. This is a seemingly subtle change, that changes from benign to lethal. When this happens people still will be able to transmit encrypted end to end messages, just they will have to encrypt them themselves off platform. I wonder how quickly this is going to be illegal and when algorithms to conceal true message in a regular text that makes sense will be more widely available. We are getting closer to thoughtcrime being a thing How is it even possible to sell products with these parts if you are unlikely going to get RoHS certificates? That's like asking to go bankrupt. You are essentially shifting the problem from entity to entity and from one domain to another. If you self host your repository, your hosting provider can pull the plug and you essentially end up in square one. If you decide to self host, you should consider multi-cloud cross continent and cross political doctrine cluster. It doesn't sound like it is mutually exclusive. However restricting access to technology by AMD looks bad. I failed every single interview when I had to do programming task on the spot, however people who hired me based on my resume and how I talk about solving problems, had great business with me for many years. Well, if you discussed some detail and can't remember which channel / thread it was on then the search is a must. I could agree that search may not be needed for a small team of a couple of people, but large teams with dozens of channels and topics should be able to search them to find required information. I wouldn't be surprised if they bought it to extinguish it, probably a proxy buy by Intel. Why such corporate lobbying isn't illegal? Are chillies the braces of cuisine? I have a lab coat with my name and company on it and I put it on in the morning and take it off after I close all work apps. Neat trick. It has Intel Wi-Fi... [flagged] Are you sure? Last update to Windows Linux subsystem makes you feel like running Linux natively. It's a huge step and it will only improve. Some companies (like Apple) make it impossible to repair your own device even if you have tools and skills because they ask vendors to not sell spare parts to third parties. For example if a charging IC dies you have an option to either send it to Apple and pay significant mark up for the 10 minute repair or throw away the device. You should be able to buy such chip and replace it without company involvement. I hope that this practice will be illegal in the future. Apple also controls the hardware - for example they prevent vendors from selling some spare parts to 3rd parties. For example if a USB charging chip dies, you cannot replace it yourself, because you can't buy the part. Government is also blocking research and treatment of PTSD using certain drugs to help pharmaceutical companies. For many years getting medical cannabis or other substances deemed illegal was next to impossible without becoming a criminal. If you are good at OS, doesn't mean you have also be good at browsers. Unfortunately that is true. I am not optimistic that it will change, but it is miles better than Apple in this regard. Community should put more pressure on Microsoft to change these anti-patterns. It's the problem of Facebook and PayPal that they have inadequate protections and blame the users for that. I think the issue is of allowing a payment to go through without triggering any security checks. Probably some basic checks should also be done whether a company publishing an app actually exist. The problem is that people are now trained to click popup windows without reading the contents, just to make them go away thanks to brilliant GDPR and cookie law. I am not sure if a huge red warning sign would have helped. People are blind to these things. So you have to pay for a watch that collects your data? Furthermore the watch is likely full of proprietary chips - which is fine if you could buy those. If "your" watch goes bad, only Apple will be able to repair it and for sure their charge you adequately. And you give your data for free. It is no longer private if you upload it to cloud. Surely it was engineers decision to do short cuts. This is just appalling. All managers should be in prison. This is a case of privatisation of profits. The company for all intents and purposes is a state run company through regulations. Corruption and greed enabled to side step these Apple has become an ecosystem to avoid at all cost. From denying the right to repair, design of devices to make it prone to catastrophic failures, making it difficult to recover own data (to force people to use cloud backup so they can look at all your data) and many more (like trying to make employees go through security checks without being paid for it)... Greed has blinded them. What if you let the child buy drugs? Same thing. Don't let your child do illegal things and better - don't help it. If you hear your child is reciting the number plates, make sure all recording hardware in your car is off before you lecture the kid that what it does is absolutely forbidden. This is CIY - cobble it yourself. It is a matter of time they will make it difficult if not impossible or they will start blocking websites unless authors start paying % per visitor. How exactly does it help IT education and what was wrong with it that it needed a "reboot"? It's incredible that so much tax payer money and human resources are devoted to defend pharmaceutical companies monopoly on drugs. By his inventory it sounds like his customers would likely be people with chronic conditions that have strong presence of pharmaceutical lobby to prevent legal sales of cannabis and probably cannot afford Xanax through legal means because the cost of getting medical help is extortionate. Workplace these days is a minefield. If you have to talk to someone, only talk about what needs to be talked about and nothing more. Preferably also try to record every interaction or at least run a diary - location, time, who, few bullet points describing the encounter plus some additional facts - what was in the room? was there anyone else? how they looked like? in what manner the person talked to you? and so on. You will thank yourself later if it turns out you were working with a snake. Isn't what notice period in the contract is for? If you find something nicer, you give a notice and they can prepare your replacement. Why this additional weird dance? We had computers at school, but we didn't have great teachers. Wouldn't be better if school spent money on good specialists willing to share their knowledge or at least make sure kids watch certain channels on YouTube that have wealth of knowledge? If parents won't spend $200 on a computer to help their children get better future, their certainly won't spend $25. I bet they wouldn't even treat this seriously. If the height is exact 6700, they will usually add some random number, otherwise people wouldn't believe it is 6700... Imagine if someone like Hitler came to power again and decided to exterminate people of certain ethnicity or political interests. He or she could just order or seize a data dump from all those companies and have everyone ready to be rounded up. During the WWII Germans would seize church records and censuses from government buildings to easily find people to arrest and dispose of. Today he or she would have an app for that... > Add me to the woodworking ex-developers (...) I have a lot of time on my hands. Be careful with that table saw... You could tell someone's ethnicity from their surname with great accuracy. Not that they particularly cared who will go to a camp... Better that, than getting yourself "disappeared" if you catch my drift... Believe or not, there are people who crave such feudal relationship despite being quite intelligent and capable of discovering new things (to please their masters). From my experience out of the box you get poor performance and you have to spend a lot of time figuring out how to change configuration to improve it as knowledge is scattered in many places and not always up to date. Then it still likes to stall from time to time or sometimes doesn't register key presses properly. It's a poor user experience, but even worse is that alternatives are often worse. I wish there was an editor with low latency, smart search, some proper file system database, so it doesn't take ages to open a directory and built in VCS support, that works quicker than manually issuing commands in a terminal. I think the success of VSCode is because you can easily open it in your current directory from the terminal and it will show you your folder etc. without having to setup a project first and that you are ready to type you code quickly after opening. If I had to open PyCharm every time I want to try some Python in a new directory, I would probably start questioning my life choices. Before VSCode I would just use nano or Sublime. I am running it most of the time with i7-8750H and also 64G or ram, plus a rather fast NVMe drive. Performance in comparison with VSCode is just bad. That being said I am using all JetBrain products (I have a license for all of them), because simply there is nothing better for my use case. But I wish they put some effort in optimising their code. Ok so it removes the C surface of attack, but does it not introduce the Go one? What makes it superior when it comes to security? I had a quite successful blog and great organic traffic from Facebook. My blog was doing great monetising adverts, so I had some cash to reinvest. I bought some adverts on Facebook in hope to bring more awareness to my little blog and get more traffic. The moment I stopped buying ads my organic traffic was a small fraction of what it used to be. People were sharing the content organically, but it didn't have the same reach. I decided to never give Facebook more money after this and removed anything related to Facebook from my blog. That being said this has severely damaged its growth and I closed it a year or so later. I saw that blogs similar to mine grew quite big and I know they heavily spend on advertising. Part of me is thinking maybe I made a huge mistake and I should share my revenue with Facebook by means of buying ads, but I would always had this voice inside my head that I would be doing something unethical. I would understand if Facebook displayed information, for example: "Your post will not be shared to your friends, because linked website owner does not buy advertising". That would be fair, but they make people believe they genuinely can share things with friends, but instead it all goes in vain, in the name of greed. Thank you! Are you aware of any surfaces of attack against Go that do no exist in C?