NP-complete problems are for sissies. Paul Graham can solve any problem in the Arithmetic Hierarchy in O(1). hear hear because it overlaps almost completely with ruby. And Io, probably. we've been using it for almost a year now, and are pretty ok with it. There are occasional downtimes that are annoying, but as others said, not a big deal. We are also reasonably happy with the simple issue tracker, although it misses some _really_ important features it is ok for our needs (but damn, I'd love attachments). well, rubyspec covers builtin and bundled libraries. Not that this makes ruby-the-language simple, anyway. what is wrong with URI.parse in the stdlib? the articles' re goes out of url validation to get urlish things in free text, (e.g. " lokk at http://goo.com/bat , lovely" the comma would actually be part of a valid url, but the regex tries to detect this. Yet, for url validation ruby's lib is enough, I believe. try URI.regexp('http') :) slashdot style metamoderation FTW! just to point it out, postgres now has a builtin hash data type. This sees like it could be a better solution thatn serialized json http://www.postgresql.org/docs/8.4/static/hstore.html IIRC twitter images are served from S3, so probably just a different dns? compete, quantcast and alexa http://siteanalytics.compete.com/twitter.com/ http://www.quantcast.com/twitter.com http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/twitter.com but with all the new deals they got, they are probably going to restart growing soon. And of course there are lies, damn lies and web-statistics-selling companies. I disagree with the premise: there are a lot of elegant logic puzzles (consider: to mock a mockingbird), it's just that a lot of puzzles dod not fall in this category :) I was thinking "eh, just like my brother used to", so I told him the problems and he solved both in about 5 mins (although the first one the same way I did, it seems trivial if you can ybpx gur fnzr fnsr jvgu obgu ybpxf ng gur fnzr gvzr but also seems slightly wrong) reason it is unsatisfactiry (I had the same) is that one of the safe is not used, imo apple and oranges, if the beauty of the problem is in a clean elegant solution that does not require all of the pieces, it is not a well posed riddle, or solution. That's why the solution to the wolf-sheep-cabbage problem is not "just add more floating stuff so you can bring all at once, idiot". The comparison to school and exams, appears unrelated to me: there are situations where external aid kills the point (e.g. calculator for arithemitic in firs grade). wrt value types, shouldn't it be partially solved by escape analisys? Cfr: http://weblogs.java.net/blog/forax/archive/2009/10/06/jdk7-d... not that it would matter much in the case anyway, I guess. I am surprised by the lack of the Brother Metal page, but I'm not sure if it deserves being added or deleted :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cesare_Bonizzi one of the most interesting moments of my 2009 was listening to a guy showing off this http://tafkav.blogspot.com/ and talking about how we do not still consider plants (and computers!) as having rights (cfr. "Should Trees Have Standings?"). This seems completely unreasonable to us but the same was true between e.g. people and animals, europeans and native americans, japanese and chinese (see the nanking massacre). The "evolution of empathy" is probably still an ongoing process for which our descendants will consider us barbarians. yeah, although I wonder what is the reason for "Last modified: January 15, 2010", 30 mins later, no we're not >Twitter gets hacked more often than this. Really? I can remember only twice, in a bout a year, although admittedly I was not paying much attention that woul be true for most non verbal human communications, I'm afraid. My latest experience is with Norwegians, who seem to make an aspirated "uh!" sound for the equivalent of the conversational "mh-mh, keep going". I thought for a while they were perpetually stupefied people. the de beers de facto monopoly is a schoolbook example, e.g. why do they make commercials if they are the only ones seeling something? Because they have to prove that diamonds are actually better than other luxury goods (and also interesting is the fact that their commercials sell diamonds, not de beers diamonds) yes but you can't drive them around. You get yourself a cool car, wherver you go people will see a person in a cool car. You get a nice house only people in your neighborhood will know. I believe it's actually pretty easy in e.g. Preview.app on the mac. (I am having a bit of an issue parsing the last sentence but I guess it was "hasn't") Isn't the DaVinci/MLVM project an example of how Sun actually tried to move towards dynamic and non-java languages in the JVM? invokedynamic & method handles are already in the upcoming java 7, and that goes a long way towards supporting dynamic languages on the JVM. I never tried speedreading, but since a friend of mine surprised me by telling me she read 62 books last year my new year decision was to read more. I am keeping up with one a week until now and I am no genius yet I have a job, friends and girlfriend, so if studying how to read faster brings this little improvement, I'm baffled. the interesting bit is they are using code from webkit. I wonder if mozilla could also integrate google's Irregexp regular expression engine, which appears to be scarily fast in some probably irrelevant tests :) http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/benchmark.php?test=reg... you may like __git_ps1 :) I actually implemented a shakespeare interpreter exactly cause I found it neat so here's an upmod :) no, I actually think he meant "given the same reindeers" roody, rufus, reek, flay, flog, probably more. Sadly, in the current state of the ruby community it's even hard to find a library that will run with ruby's own warnings enabled. happy zabbix user here, it's true, the ui is not especially obvious, but it works quite well, and with the graphing capabilities it is also a reasonable replacement for cacti. clean code, yes, but some of the warnings are actually generated in situations where the code won't be cleaner (e.g. lazy initializing an instance variable not declared in the initialization method) and since quite a lot of the most common libraries have _a lot_ of warnings, it becomes unlikely that you will have them enabled in your app, and so the thing self propagates IIRC oxen is a vestigial dual (not plural) form, so quite appropriate. may well be true, my source is an old State of the Onion talk from Larry Wall, which although a linguist is probably not the most qualified in the world :) well, I do, but I understand why people don't. The likely better solution would be to have structured warnings you can enable/disable by, selector such as warning class, declaring namespace, using namespace or whatever, but that seems quite unlikely :) I guess you only saw trymongo but never experienced the original TryRuby? If not, please take a look at it :) I'd say it stands better. You have to consider the author is of a literary persuasion, and wrote the article in the '94, unix was something obscure to normal people and popularity of free unixish things were years to come. I'd have bet on the lack of a generalized "good eating culture", which automatically makes ready made food more acceptable. what earlier books? I lived in rome for about 20 years and trust me, "angels & daemons" is way far from 'researched' even at the obvious geographical details. Though I agree his works do have a lot of crumbs of informations to put someone on a long wikipedia spree :) I (a guy) read a lot more fiction (because I'm usually reading a few books at once, and the ficton ones can be read faster), but my girlfriend mostly reads mostly non-fiction,because somehow she finds it more pleasant (apart from terry pratchett, apparently) I'd say he most interesting thing in neko is the idea of using a full featured simple language as the base for multi-language-same-vm interoperability. Contrast to, for example, parrot, clr. yet now they are much more overlapping: ads, mobile, marketplace, online services. It will be interesting to see what happens. but sony has proved that it could go on for almost seventy years even after the death of the founder, while apple had a pretty bad time when the charismatic leader was not there. I am honestly wondering if apple can survive steve. sorry i did not express myself clearly: I was not talking of the recent health issues, I am thinking of the years in which he was not at apple (eightysomething to '97) I took a loock at the code but I'm not sure i understand one thing: why one class per file for case classes, scala is much cooler than that :) it seems simple which is good, but it also seems way too simple. Some suggestions * I understand why you want to list A->B and B->A separately, but I'd say it should be the default that someone is able to translate both ways, so favour the common case and let users correct it later. * Also, If I am fluent in N languages, I must list all the individual pairs, but it seems unlikely someone able to translate english to swedish and english to norwegian wont be able to do swedish to norwegian too. I'd say "list languages you can work with, then review pairs" is a better option. What is there to guarantee the quality of the translation? I0've seen the stars, but they only make sense after a translator has worked for a long time. * Couldn't translators at least link/list previous works in the language pair? * Could we have some kind of meta-moderation? Say, each translator from lang x/y is randomly given a snippet of someone else's translation and can rate it. * Couldn't we have preventive moderation? Request translation of a tiny text for some non-profit org, say, two sentences of wikipedia, and submit it to other translators for validation (or just check it's not google translate's output) I've seen abhorrent translations between niche languages (e.g. hungarian & italian) because the customer has no way to tell if the translation is good, and usually does not even have structure in place to _collect feedback about it_. This means there is not even the chance of going back post facto to take back your money/improve your translation/give bad rating. In practice this translates into a perfect market for lemons Finally: technical writing is not marketing writing, nor literature, nor drama and especially not legal speak, I believe listing categories in which you are confident is much needed. But all in all, I wish you the best luck and these are mostly minor nitpicks :) I trick could be to change the interface: from [combo] to [combo] (and viceversa [check box]) This way you can keep your preferred default of only one direction but allow adding the other more easily. it's in the specs, starts at 449 with wlan, 16gb