This was why I stopped using LinkedIn an Groupon though. The others are slightly deceptive, but not to the point of blatantly invading privacy like that. I'm facing this. I think it's a kind of trauma. I've dealt with death march projects too often, often becoming the 'hero' who has to bail out everyone's butts. At three points in my life, I've worked about 100 hours straight to rescue a project. I'm recovering. I tried coding something I like, but that didn't help. I tried vacations and sleeping it off. I tried binging on games. What works for me is a fan base. It's great to know your work has impact on people. It's nice to get "this is awesome!!" feedback, and better yet cash donations. I think the team itself has very little to do with it. There are awful teams, but in general, you can still get the same feeling from a superb team and great people. Productive engineers = happy engineers. Maybe try a simple project that you can feel the results. Especially if it can net you positive feedback. $25 last month, $0 this month. Founded in Malaysia, a year old. Three employees including me and my cofounder, and our operations executive who takes no equity. Funded $2500. Profitable but screw bootstrapping. It's usually about ego. It's not always bad people who have big egos. Sometimes good people have a large ego too. Consider the person who was told at 5 years old by his parents that he'll never be as good as his classmates. In school, they were told the same - by teachers, bullies, other authority figures that they'll be worthless unless they do something a certain way. Sometimes good people get pressured into this by friends, spouses, in-laws. Such a kind of person would be eager to prove others wrong. This is the kind of person who chases 'success'. They'll want to prove they are successful as a form of revenge or a way of impressing the in-laws. Buying expensive cars is the most obvious way. Or suits. Clothes. Houses. Sometimes there's insecurity and self-doubt. Everyone wants to improve, but the line for improvement is really vague. So they make it relative - compare progress to someone else rather than anchoring it to something solid, like savings. To many of these people, narrowing the minimum wage bar would be frustrating as it proves that they are hovering on the minimum line. Almost all my death marches happened when the project is being authoritatively led by a non-engineer. An engineer's estimate is usually conservative. If someone says it'll take 2 months, it'll probably take minimum two months. If you have good engineers, they're not trying to slack off by padding estimates. Respecting project estimates go a long way. The right team also matters. In some, we had interns working on a key component. I'm not saying interns are bad, but generally you don't want grumpy, underpaid people to work overtime. The designer has to respect the engineers. If you do a design that sticks to guidelines or something like Material Design, you'll be fine. But some designers try something really weird, in order to win an award, and some of those tiny details are pointless but would take 50% of the production time. I actually did ragequit in most of those jobs. I know it sounds tantrum-y, but I'd say it rescued a lot of those projects. When you quit a well-paid job, the company immediately assumes that you have a very good reason to quit and starts listening. Then they allocate some resources, like a tester, dedicated designer, and the API guy sits with front end for those 100 hours straight. Probably a lot more lol. For a founder of a non-profitable seed-stage startup, it's around $700/month. If you take a government grant, it's closer to $350/month + your tech skill market rate. Around these parts, it's quite rare for a founder to be full time on investor-funded salaries. Founders are expected to have a full time job, and pay a technical guy on the side. By comparison, a good engineer (3y, non-elite degree) would make about $1500/month. Yeah, but I do software development on the side. Inflation really hit hard over the last 10 years (like living costs practically doubled), so savings don't go very far. I'm in Malaysia. Yeah, the local market sucks here too. On the flip side, a metric like this has made some people a little too GitHub happy. They would put up private code because they liked the little activity indicators, and commit every 15 minutes of work. But now that I think of it, maybe they were fishing for another job. First, let's define value vs price. Price is how much the "valuation" is, exit price, maybe even cash flow. Value is how much wealth it creates. PG wrote a lot on this: http://paulgraham.com/wealth.html Basically build something really valuable, then figure out how to make money from it. Different things have different value. For example, Google is something extremely valuable, but they charge a tiny amount compared to the value they provide. Twitter and Facebook create a lot of wealth too. Even though they seem like toys, they're powerful and influential media sources. What about Wikipedia? Peter Thiel brought up this idea of X% of Y wealth. Something can create 5 billion dollars of wealth, but doesn't monetize well. Examples are Wikipedia and a lot of scientific research jobs. Something very valuable can be bought for cheap. Something can be overpriced and become a "unicorn" without creating that much wealth too. How much money people have also defines its price. If two $50B companies want to buy out a company, it can be sold very expensive. But if the only acquirers are $10M companies, it's going to sell at a few millions max, even if it's the same thing. Acquiring is often used as a way to hire. If something like Facebook dumps $1B on building a messenger, they may not succeed. And then something like WhatsApp comes up and threatens their billion dollar baby. So it makes sense to acquire early to cut out the threat, even at a premium. There's also localization to deal with. Let's say you want an e-commerce company in Indonesia, a huge and lucrative market. Logistics is very crude, laws are complicated, and there's a lot of corruption and bribery to be paid where an American wouldn't even know where to expect. Starting one is extremely risky and difficult. Nobody wants to hire 300 people in a month. This is where it makes sense to acquire at a premium. The reverse goes for talent. Generally companies in Indonesia could not find the same level of talent, because the brilliant people have moved to Sydney, Silicon Valley, and so on. If tech was a key component in their dominance, it's easier to just buy an Australian company than deal with recruiting locals or starting a company in a tech hub. Ego of the acquirer also plays a big factor. Some people just have a lot of money and are in a saturated market where they can't reinvest it in themselves. Usually telcos. They want to dump it into something that makes money, like logistics or e-commerce or SaaS. They usually overestimate their ability and underestimate the difficulty of the task, so they won't pay very much to acquire. Finally, the price of a company goes way up if it can monopolize an industry. This is why Facebook and Twitter is worth do damn much. Nobody will go to another microblogging site if they don't have to. Interestingly, the Chinese have their own versions, which are just as rich. In general, 1. Do important things 2. Do difficult things 3. Do things rich people can't do 4. Network effects That makes sense, but in my case, I actually have a lot of full app releases which are more complex, with higher ratings than most jobs I'm applying for. Skill level and interest is no question. What I wonder is that sometimes it seems to be a moral stance. You can see all these companies proud of what they contribute to OSS, using that fact to attract engineers. So it's not just about skill and passion. I used to interview with a lot of companies on Saturdays. It seems that some people squeeze it into their schedule when they like a candidate. I'd be quite biased against you, honestly. Most engineers have huge monitors to take in a large amount of code in their head at once. How do you catch up? Text to speech seems like a slow way to input information, especially if people were nesting brackets and such. On the other hand, that challenge would make it extra tough for you start in the first place and there'd be some positive bias as well. So I'd wonder if we got a superhero here. I guess there's no point in interviewing. What would I look for? Passion? Most blind people would give up and find another job, so there's more than enough passion. Problem solving? Why not solve a real problem? What I'd do is stop interviewing and give you some really tough code. It would be the actual job, take about three days on average, and even pay three days salary upon completion. Maybe something shorter might take 1 day, but it's not big enough to cover the question of whether you can modify other people's code. Whoa. This is amazing . I love how you guys estimated company growth. This is my default job search tool now! I didn't even know a lot of these companies were hiring, because they don't post it anywhere. If I had one suggestion, it would be figuring out which companies are desperately hiring (paying for lots of job ads on various sites) vs the ones that are passively hiring. Maybe even check how long the jobs have been open. Hmm that's odd. It's on my personal blog and set to public. Anyone else have this issue too? I second this. At tech companies, you'll be treated with a degree of respect. With many non-tech companies, you can be referred to as "the guys who spend the money that the sales team makes". They'll also make you clone products from companies like Slack and question you why the performance isn't as good, when they've already allocated a budget of $10,000. I think lots of companies only interview up to Level 2. I won't mention a certain big one, but they just test to make sure your brain grasps the concept of pointers. They do pay upscale salary and are in one of the major startup hubs. I'd say Level 2 is the optimum to be comfortable in for a degree level if you do a lot of tough stuff. Level 3 if you're in something more niche like optimizations. A huge, listed company like Google or Microsoft might do Level 4, only because they have the money to solve problems that give a 0.01% improvement and want to maintain that competitive edge. There's a reason for this - the best programmers have an abundance of job offers. So it's good not to annoy the candidate too much or to stretch out the interview process very long. As someone who has done hiring, when someone says that it's a tough decision, it is. They probably would have hired you if the circumstances were different, like if they had a lot more money or if the other candidates were much worse. Most likely you nearly nailed it. Keep trying! Maybe you should reconsider how you apply. Your goal should be convincing your employer that you're either a great coder or have the potential to be a superstar coder. I have interviewed for a lot of jobs, and didn't require a technical interview for any of them. You don't have to win the interview! I first got over it with a very strong recommendation and a top degree. They gave me a technical test and I convinced them that they should just offer me 3 months probation at half salary, because that would be a better test. Later on by showcasing projects and convincing the employer that I was the expert. An interview would be like "Have you used Fragments?" and I'd just hit them back with every pro and con and horror stories of using Fragments. Then they give an offer without further tests. You should think of yourself as a hacker, trying to get past the door. Instead of bringing every kind of key with you, be creative and see if you can go through the windows. Do whatever it takes to avoid those whiteboard interviews! Convince them you're the right person before you get to that stage! However, do remember that in order to convince others that you're a great coder, you have to convince yourself. Code can be a very emotional thing, like writing. If you don't believe in yourself, you may end up worse at it. I had one electrical engineer who applied. She put pictures of her projects in her resume. I didn't know if they worked, but because there were a lot of projects with pictures, it immediately put her at the top. She didn't have to give me any schematics or even explain how they worked. 95% of resumes were "I am a results-driven professional with 4 years experience. Please hire me. I will work for cheap." That girl was a fresh graduate who showed more stuff in her college months than the "pros" did. She turned out to be the best engineer I ever had, even surpassing my own skill. Just my statistics: I don't have a valid working visa in the US and have been applying almost exclusively to American companies. My "interview" rate is 10%. 100% if it's with people I know, even if I'm completely unqualified. My "rejection" rate is around 50%, within 2 weeks. I assume the rest won't say anything if they reject. General job sites (the ones where you can also apply to be a carpenter, etc) are a waste of time. They probably get so many resumes they end up tossing half of them. Stack Overflow Careers gave me an awesome ~30% of interviews. As in I applied 6 jobs and 2 interviewed. Both of them were jobs I didn't fully qualify for. Generally, direct emails gave me a 100% (5/5) response rate. An email, like careers@company.com, not a form. Email lets me mention in subject line that I used to have a startup, so I stood out. Most of them rejected on lack of visa though. I do spend ~10 minutes per cover letter. I really dig deep, like an investor would. I convince myself that I'm doing the company a favor by joining before writing the letter. In the end, you just have to convince one company. If you have a lead, immediately latch to it... do research on the company, the interviewer, and write questions. There's a certain bar you have to cross to convince people to hire. It's better to optimize for a few companies than to try to reach out to as many as possible. If you feel unworthy, then optimize for the lower tier companies who have lower standards. Acting will always bring higher quality voice. But what's great is the file size. It's probably small enough to fit into a roguelike though. Or something like Dwarf Fortress. A portal where small companies could apply for bespoke enterprise technical projects, without the hassle of bribing officials or writing long tenders. Context: I'm applying for jobs and someone asks me what the coolest thing I've made was. I do apps, which are very technically simple compared to speech processing. So I dug up my old thesis and tried to simplify it into a blog post. Maybe it might help people learn something or attract people interested in this? Please do criticize ruthlessly, since this will likely end up on my CV. Yeah, I do a recipe app and would be willing to pay (very little) for something like this too. We could even go so far as edit the ingredient data storage to suit the API. Can you drop him an anonymous email? Or just pass a note to HR? "Failed" startup founder here. For me, it's just a matter of what's more cost efficient. Statistically it's easier to get a job than funding. Very little of funding ends up in founders' pockets anyway. Salaries and openings for developers have gone way up lately. Entrepreneurs need to chase the best opportunity and timing. Also inevitably, you come across competition. Ideally you become best friends with your competitors. Because statistically, fail rate is high. The best employee is very often someone who can build/sell something very effectively. The best employer is someone who views you as an equal, works on your vision, and admires your strengths. So competitors are often a perfect match. Sorry, I meant for something like government projects and huge companies like banks. Because a lot of them have nowhere to list. The process is not fair, and in developing countries, people exploit this. Usually one person has the power to recommend and significantly affect the decision. That one person tends to get a lot of free lunches and free phones. The lack of competition also leads to overinflated prices on the buyer's end and over promising on the seller's end. If the average applicant offered to Project A for $1,000,000 in 4 months, and suddenly company 13 offers to do it for $400,000 in 1 month, something sticks out. If there were only 1-4 applicants, as usually happens for this situation, the shady inexperienced one will not stick out so much. As a result, a lot of these companies take these jobs and get burned, which damages the industry as a whole. Unemployed now. But normally I just tell the senior guys what's wrong. As a month-old employee, I once emailed the COO at 2 AM telling them we could use the technology to rate sites and make millions. COO was not impressed but he liked employees speaking up and encouraged me to email him more. Just a final bit of advice: most people would not look to hire someone "down on their luck". An optimistic and enthusiastic attitude certainly helps. Her stance should not be "I'm a great programmer but have not been given the chance to prove myself". It should be "I'm a great programmer who wants to save your company millions of dollars." Or even something like "I am happiest when writing code, but I'd rather be paid to do it." No, the company never made millions. I did quit the company and did a startup based around one of those ideas. I didn't make millions either. However, some of the ideas we brought up, like news aggregation and recipe aggregation were done by startups valued at millions. I was born in a third world country and lived in a (concrete) hut. It's most likely worse here tbh. Jerks are spread evenly across population. It's infectious too. If ten people are jerks to you today, it's likely you won't be as nice. Generally, smart people are more likely to leave bad places. And because they're more qualified, they have the option to. And so the jerks are left behind and bully the remaining people into becoming jerks. I think it's no coincidence there's so many jerks in places like China and India. 1 year for me. Ended up quitting and starting a cafe. Got seduced back into tech. 2 years into my career, I had built more apps solo than most agencies in my country. Meaning that I've worked with a lot of companies, a lot of visionaries, and none were imprrssive. A lot of them don't appreciate good products. Most would happily MVP forever. The latest request was to build a Tinder clone, on a $5000 budget. Sigh. I'm still looking for a full time job that I can actually focus and enjoy with. It's like being that guy who sleeps with a different girlfriend every month, but it's such an unfulfilling way to live. Maybe I'm getting old, but would really like to settle down with a company that respects their product. Honestly, I feel that they're not losing any customers as compared to the small overhead they'd take if they implemented it. It's not really a selling point for most people. Even Facebook took quite a long time to universally implement HTTPS. The potential that lies within a job is correlated to how much value you can contribute to the company. When I look for a job, I screen it like an investor. I look at the team, the market size, the product. Team is especially important. 1. What are the bosses' background? Someone who worked at Facebook will have an entirely different approach than a management consultant. Sniff out culture and make sure it suits you. People's work and personal habits are very different - this is where you tell the two. 2. Look at the org chart. Organization charts are like software architecture. There is no "best" org chart; just what it's optimized for. If it insists on being a flat heirarchy, assume that it's an anarchy. You just want to make sure that they respect your role. For example, one company has sales, marketing (separate from sales), finance, operations. Operations is then split into logistics, IT. Product development is squished under IT. This is likely a bad company for engineers. Likewise, I've seen companies where at least 50% of the budget is engineering. 3. What is the value of your role? If you make $100k, how are you contributing $200k to your company annually? If you find that you can only contribute $30k or that the position is worthless in a year, that's a red flag. 4. Growth rate. If a company's profit is doubling every year, there will be much less bureaucracy and politics. 5. Sniff out bullshit. I ready the most uncomfortable questions I can find. Why aren't they hitting a good growth rate? Why are they hiring so many people on $1M of funding? If they give you an honest "Uhh.. well.. I don't know," that's fine. It's difficult to lie. You want to detect the ones who lie as a reflex. It's very important for them to learn and to get feedback from them. But very often the flaw is in how you do this. One on one feedback is good. But make sure this is about them, and is not some performance review. Make it a safe place for them to bring up problems with the company. Learning is good. But only learn things that help them. This can be one of the most hated things in an organization, when a manager sends them for training if there's work to be done. A lot of people like Google's 20% time, but I find it a distraction. Bottom line: help them be productive. Productive engineers = happy engineers What I do is not look for the "best", but keep scaling 10x. So start with targeting 1,000 users, then 10,000, then 100,000 and so on. Parse is awesome to start with at that 10,000 user mark. Parse seems to scale its costs poorly though. Past the smaller scale you have a lot of choices. Azure. AWS. Firebase. IBM's thing. All have their pros and cons. Ctrl+Shift+W on a browser. Singapore has been at that price for a while, with the technical skill and English ability to match Canadians. If you want a further discount, a really good Malaysian or Filipino programmer goes for $16k market rate. Similar culture to USA. Pay $30k and they'll happily code for you at night shifts forever. My car honestly. Or from the stairs of someone else's office building. Just feels gritty that way. By five years you should already have a system. I went from calling things "xStuff" to "xUtils". A level up is where you can write names in such a way it detects bugs: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Wrong.html I did something similar to this but made the desktop upside down. Then inverted the mouse so that if someone pulled the mouse, the cursor would go up (as if the screen is upside down). A general rule I stick to is that the person who gets a salary gets less than 2 digits equity early stage. Same applies for founders who work 40 hours a week and so on. How important is everyone to the success of the startup? If you have 5%, you should be increasing the valuation of the company by 6%. 26% share should increase valuation by 36%. 36% share increases it by 57%. However, this assumes it's unpaid. The ones getting salary need to increase valuation by far more. I don't know the credentials, but if the two larger portion guys play a big role in valuation, it should be fine. E.g. good degrees, previous experience with startups, investments, rare skills. The default best move is to join a young company. I never had the luxury of joining good companies so I started one. Given the choice, I'd join a good company any day. The odds of success (as in actually making more money than working full time) is about 20%. What I'd suggest is start working on side projects. Scripts that make something easier. A tool. Side projects like todo lists and note taking apps turn into billion dollar companies. Not quite true. I love what I do, but what I do is really hard work. It is such excruciatingly hard work thay it slowly rips out my sanity. I can imagine this is the same for academics. Plus a lot of the job are things that they hate doing - politics, fundraising, dealing with hopeless students, writing modules that never get used. Many of them spend all their time doing these things, and the "overtime" is necessary to get the real work done after all that. I really like this. I was about to ask what makes it better than bootstrap, skeleton, foundation etc. But it's really straightforward, so I can focus on raw code instead of thinking of nice formatting. Sometimes I just want a page to display data. This works perfect for that. Monopoly is such an underrated game. It's about negotiation and alliances. I think their biggest mistake is calling it Monopoly, implying it was one person killing off everyone else. It might be more interesting if it was called Balance of Power. It has to be played with around 4+ people. They need to trade favors along with their land. With enough players, the favors owed last long enough to make a difference. The randomness simply makes negotiation power the main focus of the game. E.g. if you land on a rival's hotel and go broke, a rich ally can pay you premium on your land. You'll realize early on that everyone is either going to be doomed or super-rich, so it's worth being diplomatic really early on. When someone starts to snowball into a monopoly, they have to start laying low, while the others have to encourage the others to pile pressure. The players have to notice this trend early, at the point where it makes sense to 'blacklist' certain players. It's a game with about as much depth as Settlers of Catan, without having to worry about too much complexity. I'd raise my eyebrows at that 3% stat. Spend a week in Japan and you'll see that it isn't a 50-50 ratio of women: men commuting to work. Are all those housewives classified as employed? Well, this sucks. My company is about to get acquired for our technology. A huge part of the tech relies on Parse. I mean they were charging for it! Who would think that they will shutting down? I guess we'll have to rebuild that part from scratch starting right now. Haha, this has a lot about what I hate about Android. I actually did quit programming and became a barista, because of the exact thing he said. Then I slowly got into programming again. I actually started when Fragments were being introduced. Now that was a nightmare. The backwards compatibility was a red herring. The real problem was that Fragments were a poor practice, unsuited for many apps and teams... but Google played them out as The Next Big Thing. Today it's happening with Material Design. I like LaTeX but it was very tedious for resumes. With resumes, you sometimes want to change the format entirely. LaTeX is great for a consistent format, not so much when experimenting. Markdown also has the benefit of giving you an up to date plaintext resume. I like that a lot, considering a lot of job sites like to automatically (and poorly) convert PDF into plaintext. The odds of getting in are not high. For most people who aren't ivy league grads, haven't worked at Google or Uber, or don't have 6 digits of revenue, it might not be worth the time. And if you still haven't figured your business plan, you might want to do it before applying. Pivoting within an accelerator is not a comfortable experience, and would be a waste of time for Demo Day. Also I'm not sure how well YC works for married entrepreneurs with kids. There doesn't seem to be a lot of married YC founders, but do correct me if I'm wrong. A lot of the advice they give is already out in the open. So unless you need the cash or connection, you might not want to.