Professor was suprised that there are two distinct set of rules, game rules and social rules, and that by breaking social rules you can anger people? Somebody should go to his office and pee on his desk explaining to the professor that he is not breaking any game rules (in that case called 'physics'). Professor could be also suprised by revelation that in real world also two distinct set of rules exist. Maybe he could write about this afterwards. Splitting people around you into groups and labeling them as 'us' and 'them' lies in biology. It can't be totally suppressed. What schools could actually do is to give those two colored T-Shirts randomly to the kids to create artificial division that would allow them to get past the tribal labeling period without forming persistent bias based on some real unchangeable (although insignificant) quality such as skin color. Two black holes colliding. In Britain international criminal lord could sue Interpol for libel and win. I think that only sensible way to deal with the libel is to allow it. It's already that way in reality. If someone spreads a rumour about someone else to hurt his reputation the source of gossip is impossible to track and impact can be devastating despite all the clarifications and court judgements. Explicitly allowing for libel could do the same to impact of false claims that possibility of posting anything on the internet did to perceived credibility of any unverified information. Those laws might be fine when small amount of influential people could effectively disseminate information but in the viral age of today, when false information written on someones anonymous blog can sweep across information agencies all over the world the libel laws effectively serve only trolls and powerful organization to fight journalists. Actually this page is brilliant. I have not included php.js in my projects but used this page many times to find out how to do in JavaScript things that are easy in PHP but in js ... they are not easy at all. ... also often you don't know or even can't estimate how much dollars something can bring in in long term. If you are starting new unique venture you can't really estimate potential gains. But from history of man kind seems that investing in new things and even exotic research is in the long run extraordinarily beneficial. Gains from gathering resources and building ITER (or GPS, or orbital power plant) earlier not later can give humanity much greater benefit than it would gain from instantiating 5 mln startups with 1/5mlnth of the used resources. I'd even say that no value can be created by human activity (by means other than resource exploitation) if it does not involve inventing or applying new technology. Can't people use some better models for monetizing on their creations in place of old "Pay us or we won't show you!"? It's hurting all of us and we have technology now to deal with this some better way. Study comparing apples to oranges ... Why anyone takes this seriously? Just because of thrill value? From Wikipedia: However, this study has been considered to have next to no scientific value, because it compares the irradiated population with the much older general population of Taiwan. A subsequent study by Hwang et al. (2006) found a significant exposure-dependent increase in cancer in the irradiated population, particularly leukemia in men and thyroid cancer in women, though this trend is only detected amongst those who were first exposed before the age of 30 Dolphins do sleep. But only with half of the brain. One of the functions of sleep might be just inactivity but another much more important one must be associated with neurons. I think sleep (namely REM phase) is needed for neural network to avoid overlearning. That's why sleep deprived persons hallucinate. Their neural network is overlearned to recognize stimuli from senses and it recognizes known patterns even if stimuli is week. Nothing better to avoid that is to disconnect neural network from muscles (to avoid hurting yourself) and discharge neurons randomly for some time. "Understanding a pointed finger may seem easy, but consider this: while humans and canines can do it naturally, no other known species in the animal kingdom can." So chimps can't follow finger if it's beneficial for them? Or dolphins or crows? My friend was afraid that someone might want to hurt her dog by feeding him something nasty, and since there is much more right handed people she taught her dog to avoid treats given with right hand. Dog gladly accepted treats given with left hand. At first I was amazed that dog can discern between left and right side of human or the world. That's not something that comes easily even for humans. After the dog refused to take treat lying on the inside of my left hand I turned the hand by 180 deg along wrist-elbow axis and placed treat on top of my hand. Dog accepted the treat without much hesitation. Dog did not understand the concepts of left and right, just relied on placement of the thumb on the human hand he saw. That's how I circumvented her little security measure and hacked into her dog. ;-) What amazes me is that in relatively short lists of things on internet I often see duplicates. May this be lists of jokes, arguments even photos. Copies are usually close to each other, often on the same mid sized page. Is there something in creators psyche that causes having a blind spot on such duplicates? Example from this article: 4. More than half (51.9 percent) of respondents were the first in their families to launch a business. 11. Entrepreneurship doesn’t always run in the family. More than half (51.9 percent) of respondents were the first in their families to launch a business. Surely this can't be sole reason for all occurences of this effect on the interenet (and even in books). ;-) That's not the point. I am not talking about lack of originality. I am talking about failure to notice duplication in short list of supposedly interesting content published by oneself. From my experience on pair programming: - it occurs naturally if you give two programmers one computer and one problem. - one programmer becomes tactician/executor, other one becomes strategist/supervisor - tactician thinks how to make loop to iterate properly, strategists thinks why to make loop and what to do next. - it helps immensely to have someone who has different ideas than you on your side, if you are willing to submit to this ideas if you don't have other than idealistic arguments against them. I found it much easier to achieve "pair flow" than just "flow". I think someone should write internet worm that upgrades IE on the computers it infects, spreads for after a while then closes hole through which it spreads (so the computer won't get infected again) and then delete itself. The fact that such worm does not exist yet after all years of IE6 suffering might mean that worm writing hackers are assholes. The cause could be that inside the block there were already the /* */ comments, and editor did not have single keystroke option to add // at the beginning of each selected line. Ok. So I have another theory. In place of false there was previously some ugly condition and he wanted get rid of the things that were done on this condition with minimal necessary effort hoping that someone in the future with more time (maybe even himself) will clean that up since doing cleanup in such case is not hard thing to do. "Companies succeed with single founders all the time. Just look at Digg, Craigslist, eBay, Netflix, Wordpress, Wikipedia, Amazon, TechMeme, PBWiki, TechCrunch, TechMeme, and Etsy." Again repetition in short published list. Am I going insane? Do you also see this? How that happened? Maybe I am indeed going insane. Again repetition in short published list. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=834697 "Companies succeed with single founders all the time. Just look at Digg, Craigslist, eBay, Netflix, Wordpress, Wikipedia, Amazon, TechMeme, PBWiki, TechCrunch, TechMeme, and Etsy." Do you imply that people who ignore some laws do things only for profit? I know that such worm could accidentally be harmful. But IE6 is also very harmful. Security issues in IE can attribute for large fraction of infections with malicious software. Drugs can have side effects in some percentage of treated patients but if they help more than hurt they are still used, especially for diseases where no good treatment is available. Just like in case of IE6. Probably only small fraction of current IE6 users needs IE6 and would revert to it in case other than reinstalling windows after total system failure and thus involuntarily bringing IE6 back on board. I guess there is no good way to weeding out IE6 from corporate environments. Maybe MS should just revoke their licences to use IE6 and sue them? It's interesting question in general how to weed harmful piece of software out of ecosystem. I have friend like that and he saved my ass many times. When I was stuck trying to find satisfying solution, he was almost always coming up on the spot with something simpler then I was striving for, but upon close inspection good enough. If I pointed significant problem in his solution he either came up with fix or abandoned his idea without regret. I like to think that I design better apis and libraries than him because I concentrate much more on what I want to have and try to weed out any inconvenience, but when I can't get what I want then he comes up with the idea I actually can get and is good enough. I think the idea is awesome. It's so much more convenient to go to one place aggregating information from internet to decide whether brand is trustworthy instead lurking around different hard to read forums to get the info yourself. Therefore it's a good free service for customers. It also may become good service for companies because as massive amount of people starts using his site to get information about brands, he offers the companies cheap way to cover up their errors for large part of their potential customers. Guy is a genius and Lisa Barone just doesn't get it. Being Chief Branding Officer probably makes you angry about anything that may help customers recognize true value of brands. Venting anger helps. Often when I was pissed off at my client I wrote angry letter pinpointing all the inadequacies in his behavior. After I wrote it I was calm enough to write another letter where I proposed constructive ways to alleviate the problems we had. Of course I was just sending the second letter because only useful purpose of the first one was to help me calm down. I agree but it's a fun idea to anonymize such unsent angry letters and publish them for own and other peoples amusement. Plus you can learn a lot from other peoples mistakes, may that be mistakes of the criticized ones or the critic himself. From my experience I learned one thing. AVOID DUMB PEOPLE. Never work for dumb people. Never work with dumb people. No matter how beneficial for you the deal is (or seems to be) so far, if you notice that people you rely on are dumb, just quit as soon as you can. Dealing with dumb people almost always backfires hurting you financially and psychologically. I don't say that you have to quit as soon as somebody around you does something dumb, but you definitely should quit as soon as you learn that someone you rely on is dumb, even if he hasn't been dangerous for you so far. There is only one sure way to prevent all kinds of attacks involving javascript. Never emit contents of any variable to the browser without treating it with htmlspecialchars() (or equivalent) first. If you want your users to post formatted content either don't use html for formatting (use something like markdown) or parse the html to tree, and run it through whitelist filter that will let through only tags you want to pass, only attribute values that you want to pass, and only values of attribute that you want to pass (defined by narrow regexps that dont allow such thing as background:url(javascript:)). To sum up never mix other data types with html (kept in static places like template files or read-only database tables), unless you are absolutely sure that they contain html you want to display, either by htmlspecialchars-ing them (safe and fast general policy) or by parsing and whitelisting (for cases that you really, really have to allow some html). Think like that and you will save one dollar in computing power during normal operation and lose over nine thousand when you'll be forced to clean up mess after xss worm attack. Maybe it would be more useful to declare what types of exceptions method handles. Declaring what types of exceptions methods (throws|receives and not handles) should be optional. The way it is now is too much work and too little gain in typical setups. > The string conversion issue was brought up because I think it is an excellent case of 'programmer knows best', but the exception causes the whole dataset to be rejected, not just the one record out of 3.9 million that were fine. The programmer first has to know that he has to make decision what to do with partially wrong input and there is no better way to let him know than throwing exception in his face. Then he will know that there is configuration option that will let him to go around the problem one or other way. Default option in case of any trouble should be exception bubbling up with information what can be done to avoid it. a() throws Exception; b() throws Exception; c() throws Exception; eeeverbody() throws Exception; There, I dealt with exception handling. The more you have, the more you waste. If you have a lot of your working hours available, there is a greater chance that you'll waste them on useless crap like freaking out and stubbornly making useless misguided things. It's better to be a bit lazy and treat your work as scarce resource and think about ways to allocate it better. > That's like saying, "Much more important than breathing is having a beating heart." According to modern resuscitation guidelines this is actually true and meaningful statement. > Working hard does not guarantee success, but it improves your chances. Not a bit if you are doing the wrong things, as you may learn from many startup failures. > They don't want to accept the fact that there may have been guys that could outdo them, but didn't bother. I guess I was one of these guys too. I perceived striving for best grades as inefficient use of my time. I remembered interesting things automatically, I memorized things useful for applications of interesting things with bit of effort. With the rest, I didn't bother. For much effort on my side reward would be very little if any, so I was satisfied with any grade I got, as long as it was passing grade (it was not always easy to get, lack of interest and reputation in the subject sometimes makes getting passing grade really hard). I believe that striving for best grades can have significant mental risk because some things depend only on chance and there is nothing more stressful than seeing how your hard effort becoming pointless by silly accident of teacher being in a bad mood. That changed a little bit in college. There I was satisfied with grades that gave me grade average high enough to get highest merit-based scholarship, because I always liked getting money for something else than my time. With this strategy I ended up as one of 10 best graduates. Along the way, when current school topics aligned with my interests I was getting highest grades. In case of C++ course after spending week on reading interesting half of Bjarne Stroustrup's book, on tests I was pointing out the mistakes in test questions, and providing two answers, one according to intention of the question writer and other according to exact erroneous phrasing of the question. The grade I got was something like A++ (no one else got it) and it was illegal so on later occasions it was counted as A+). When topics diverged from my interests other people were doing better. I wasn't jealous of them because I was never interested in competing with them on their ground and I was pretty sure that on grounds that were important to me they could never be significantly better than I was. When I think of this now I never actually felt good about beating them in my domain. I felt that if they were as interested in these things as I was they could achieve similar results as I did. All software that someone wants to be protected by copyright should have source code publicly available. That would be exact equivalent of standard patents. If you publish all the details of your invention you get temporary monopoly on manufacturing it's copies. If not then you get no protection. > The same reason as copyright – to protect innovation. Does the innovation need protecting? And if so then protecting from whom? Would copy-pasters do more damage to innovation than lawyers do? Grading on a curve is a strange idea. It completely destroys incentives for pear to pear learning, that was very important part of my college experience. I learned a lot by explaining material to my peers. It would be much harder if there was something as discouraging as grading on a curve. Also third point seems valid. In software any change can be made technically at any stage, at cost of work hours (that can be sometimes priced as low as 0$ in case of unpaid overtime) and the software quality. The quality is hard to quantify. You can tell apart perfect from usable from unusable, but software very rarely achieves perfect quality and usable software has fair margin from being unusable so changes rarely bring easily noticeable degradation of quality. But changes do have cost. Developer time has to be paid one or another way eventually and degradation of quality raises maintenance and bug fixing costs. All this has to be (and is) factored in the price of the software. On the other hand I think the first point is completely bogus. Computers are extremely cheap. Before personal computers I'd have to buy very expensive manufacturing machine to provide such value with so little work. If I had no money to start with I'd be forced to work for somebody who had capital to purchase the machine. I might never be able to afford one myself. Actually software is extremely cheap because computers are cheap. Software that costs zero could not be possible if computers were expensive. In my country (that fortunately is not third world but also not the first world exactly) I can buy decent (not high end) computer for my monthly developer earnings and I consider this to be really cheap. There is no other machine so cheap that could provide me with way to produce so much value. chan anons could probably refactor this into some foul meme Maybe you are being downvoted for spelling cheap as cheep or maybe some programmers feel offended by your "cheap programmers" that sounds degrading. "Less affluent programmers can buy cheaper PC's" sounds better. I always wonder: "How can they enforce such laws without putting police officer behind everybodys back 24/7 ?" and if they can't why do they come up with such laws? In my opinion that's exactly why SETI has not detected any signal. There is a very low probability that two civilizations will be using radio waves for few exactly same centuries (even taking into account birthday paradox). Civilizations just few hundreds years more advanced than us probably routinely use cheap neutrino based communication channels. Sadly even if we can detect them they will be probably multiplexed, compressed and encrypted so much that without proper (impossible to guess) algorithms they will be indistinguishable from background noise. Looking for radio waves in space and sending them is almost as dumb as making big fire to create huge smoke signals for aliens and using looking glass to spot same kind of messages from aliens in the sky. I also implemented for my purposes backup scheme that deletes older backups in order to keep backup density inversely proportional to age of backups. Does that mean Apple can sue me because they came up with the same scheme and patented it? _In the corporate structure the to do list doesn't appear at the "C" level._ I guess nobody at "C" level has actually anything that he has to do. These people just wander around dreaming solely or collectively with similar people and/or yelling at subordinates. Look at biohacker42's comment. Autodesk theoretically might raise it's prices since there is more value for customer in item that can be sold when it is no longer needed.