Fortunately the authors have addressed this in the paper: "Legality: In general, it is illegal to broadcast random signals on spectrum reserved for TV (or cellular) channels. However, battery-free backscattering devices (e.g. RFID tags) are unregulated and not tested by FCC because the emission levels from such devices is very low [7] and because they are only modulating their reflection of a pre-existing signal rather than actively emitting a signal in re-served spectrum. Ambient backscatter also falls into this category, and would therefore be legal under current policies." And the tolerance levels are not set at _zero_, but at a specific decibel level on a specific measuring setup. (I've been researching this professionally lately, especially ETSI EN 389-401). Pretty much all high-speed digital electronics in plastic cases will be radiating on the TV band, but at an extremely low level that passes the regulations. This system modulates by switching its antenna between grounded and ungrounded. At no point does it inject transmission power into the antenna. Your house is already full of small metal objects that are slightly resonant in the TV band - such as cutlery. You could probably replicate this experiment by attaching a switchable ground to a fork and holding it _right next_ to a TV antenna. Thanks to the inverse square law the effect is so weak that it really does have to be right next to the antenna; in the paper they report no detectable effects at a distance of more than a few inches. It's also worth observing that "culture" tends to mean "people similar to myself", unless more explicitly defined. So it's no suprise that the people who declared not to "fit" are a woman and a skilled manual worker (machinist). The totally uniform power distribution idea only works if you have totally uniform employees. As soon as you have signifigantly different skillsets and workflows - which you need to do different kinds of work - then employees become uncomparable and shortly afterwards unequal. The size of Valve is also over Dunbar's number, so they're beyond the range of what can be organised with informal social operations anyway. I don't know, how many women work for Valve? It's not public or easily googlable information. Remember, the purpose of this proposed legislation is not to be implemented, or to achieve specific results; it's to curry favour with Conservative voters, and especially those who read the Daily Mail. It will be pushed through only to avoid the loss of face that would come from "giving in to porn". (One of the major problems with the Blair years was this kind of closed loop between policy making and newspaper headlines; actual policy impact spewed out in all directions like scattered neutrons leaking from the policy reactor) I don't believe FCC approval alone is the big bottleneck. You need to test its radio emissions in defined conditions, and that requires some expensive test gear (base station simulator ~= $100k), but realistically you need one of those anyway to debug the device you're developing. A more serious problem is trying to get all the relevant firmware and radio software stack without tripping over IP that is (a) patented and (b) will only be licensed to you under NDA. Qualcomm are particularly bad at this. So you need to choose a suitable SoC with favourable IP licensing. Writing your own "baseband" is a substantial piece of work; some people have embarked on it at http://bb.osmocom.org/trac/ Canonical's approach is sound here and their costs are realistic. Getting it done for free by people working in their spare time is very unlikely to happen. The Arduino _board_ is not designed for running of batteries and is inefficient. The AVR _microprocessor_ is very efficient; that article links to http://www.gammon.com.au/forum/?id=11497 which documents a draw of 360uA in sleep mode. Even the 15ma of "fully on" is equivalent to a single LED. The main power consumer in the GSM case is of course the GSM transmitter, so it's no suprise that he can improve power consumption by turning it off. Generally on more powerful machines you take for granted the operating system, firmware and their many conveniences, but often there will be bugs or poor design decisions that increase power consumption by quite a lot. Solidarity first: find a whole load of people to go with, otherwise your "take the risk to be attacked by security forces" is just "suicide by cop". You cannot do this as a large number of independant individuals. You need an organisation, or several; and yes, that means politics and compromise and all the other things about working with people. In sensible jurisdictions you can't sign away your rights like that, although you may pre-agree to binding arbitration or a particular jurisdiction. However, I've not heard of someone successfully suing paypal, even in the small claims court :( Large areas of EU policy show that this isn't the case. There's a valid "regulation is hard on small businesses" argument, but it doesn't apply to telcos, which are necessarily giant businesses. This sort of market is very prone to "gotcha" fees resulting in unexpected huge bills, and the EU has so far done an OK job of controlling them. Why can't it be both? This is _not_ end-to-end crypto, that would require users storing the keys to their own emails on their own systems. This is basically TLS on a giant scale but does not prevent email from being intercepted while "at rest" on a gmail server. Meanwhile, Toyota claim that hybrid cars are at a "tipping point" in EU sales: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4984ab8e-196d-11e3-afc2-00144feab7... “We are increasing our sales in hybrid a lot,” said Toyota Europe President Didier Leroy. “In western Europe 27 to 30 per cent of our sales will be hybrids this year. In the EU it will be 25 per cent.” Obviously that's less than half of new car sales, and the total fleet will remain mostly petrol+diesel for the next decade, but hybrids and EVs will start to win on economy grounds for commuters fairly soon. Don't forget that in the UK we're paying £1.40 / litre, which is about $10/USgal ( https://www.google.co.uk/#q=1.4+%C2%A3%2Fliter+in+%24%2Fgall... ) While this is obviously very far from feasible, what _is_ possible is a return to servicability for the two parts that most commonly fail: batteries and screens. The rest of the phone is usually fine unless subjected to serious physical battering. The legendarily reliable Nokia 3210 is your landmark here. Note that in a modern phone, the screen strength usually is achieved by bonding it to the case, so in practice "replace screen" turns into "take mainboard out of case and place in new case". Modularity doesn't really help at all with the constant drive to replace working phones with newer, better ones. But there should be an effective secondhand market selling them to the Third world - and there is! No shortage of websites offering people money for their old phones. Long term, we have to wait for the Moore's law slowdown, and a rise in Chinese manufacturing wages and other costs, before a local western repair industry becomes viable again. (Apart from all the other issues, phonebloks would turn "Android fragmentation" into a far more extreme version; you can't guarantee that your peripheral will even be there next time you turn the phone on). Or buy the integrated phone that includes all of those features and doesn't make you swap them out and risk losing or damaging the blocks. Modularity often ends up being a _cost_ to the unsophisticated majority of end users. People don't like it in their software (preferring a "complete solution"), nor in their hardware (e.g. cheap integrated hifi versus expensive minority separates). In Europe, the manufacturer is _legally required_ to either accept old devices for recycling or contribute to a shared fund for doing this. (The program is called "WEEE": http://www.environment-agency.gov.uk/business/topics/waste/1... ) Relatedly, the Fairphone is shipping now: http://www.fairphone.com/ "Fair" in the sense of "ethically sourced tantalum, etc"; but they've also thought about e-waste and deliberately included a replaceable battery. Well, we could remove their existing optout from the Working Time Directive. As to the "but they'll just leave for the Third World!" claim below: 1) it's a networking-based industry. Everyone would have to move at once, or at least a very large chunk. 2) They would have to move to somewhere in the same time zone (finance has outposts in NY, London and Singapore/HK that cover the day in 3 8-hour trading days). I suppose that's less relevant if you're working 20 hours a day. 3) They'd have to move to somewhere similarly cosmopolitan to London. No point in making all that money if you can't walk out the door and find somewhere to spend it in your few precious hours off. That rules out much of the African continent, although there are expat clusters in Angola and UAE. Do bear in mind that there are effectively two alternatives: - uncontrolled internet access, where other people's kids have access to a lot of awful stuff (not just porn but "shock" videos; goatse and worse) - State- or business- controlled internet access, where someone else gets to control what you see, potentially eliminating access to inconvenient stories like Snowden. We could really do with a "third way", but it needs someone to imagine what it could be, how it could work, and how it avoids the usual attempts to ruin it for everyone. I hadn't realised it was quite that crazy. I'm still wrestling with CE approval for a device containing a GSM module. Which looks like it's going to be about E15000 for the radio and electrical testing, plus the complexities of RoHS compliance (random lab testing required, even if all your components are certified lead-free?) I've concluded that Tindie-style electronics cottage industry is basically illegal in the EU. Fortunately I can still buy stuff from dealextreme and alibaba that doesn't have to comply.. The real perk is having _access_ to something that's not on the market for any price - the privilege of a convenient government airfield. Even more exclusive than a regular private jet. The cost of UK fuel is mostly tax. Jet fuel is tax-free by international treaty, I believe (treaty of Rome?) This is not a tyrannical environment. A tyrannical environment is one that makes you clock off to go to the bathroom. There has been some _actual_ fraud involved, most notably the "robo-signing" (steal a million homes at the stroke of a pen): http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/25/robosigning-senten... It would not have prevented the crisis, but it would have prevented a substantial amount of cost-shifting onto mortgagors. Not having IMAP was presumably part of a lockin strategy. I think they may now have realised that it's possible to lock yourself on the wrong side of a door. The web is _very_ churny; waves of people move from service to service over 5-10 year adoption cycles. Eventually people will declare twitter "uncool" (perhaps as a result of abuse problems?) and move onto the next thing. Note that all cows (and some other farm animals) in the EU are already subject to legally-mandated "inventory tracking", of movements between farms. This is for epidemic control purposes following the last outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease. I knew someone who did a PhD on analysis of the cattle movements database.. Ah, you're right; misreading of http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/taxation/excise_duties/... - it's only tax-free within the EU. It's nothing at all to do with the marginal cost and all to do with extracting marginal _value_ from your tiny customer base with a high cost of sales. I worked in an EDA startup for a decade before we were bought by Cadence. Getting people to evaluate our tool generally took a few months of a technical presales person's time. We only ever acquired a few dozen customers: there aren't all that many ASIC companies. Most required at least one custom feature. Therefore there's an elaborate commercial negotiation to take as much money as possible from the customer in order to amortize the R&D. Given manufacturing fixed costs of $250k, spending $250k on software to get it right starts to look reasonable. I agree; market entry to EDA, even for a "utility" that you add to the build chain to improve your results, is extremely hard. What forces are those? Well, people are being suprisingly negative about this; my opinion is that it's a very good thing for the image of the electric car. Especially if it gets shown on TV. It can bust all of the "slow", "unmacho" negative stereotypes. There will probably be ongoing changes in the technology regulations; there always are. Yeah, Glasgow is a bit of an outlier; a nasty mixture of poverty, unemployment, alcohol, and sectarianism gives it a long history of knife crime in some areas. Cheaper? Possibly. Quicker? Almost certainly not. Consumption of _anything_ has political implications, albeit trivial ones: you support whoever made it, and the process by which it was made. I don't think there's anything which can truly be declared apolitical, because people can always _make_ it political. Not necessarily "party" politics, but any case where there are costs and benefits which accrue to different groups. There are some efforts (e.g. opencores), but as discussed here: http://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/61873/why-is-... , and the famous Arduino is "open". The "freedom to redistribute copies" and "freedom to modify" aspects of Free software really don't translate well to hardware. There is work and cost associated with copying a board, and much more associated with copying an ASIC (modified or otherwise). It's simply not going to be within the reach of the average user in the forseeable future. Another factor is rapid obsolescence. Some of the open UNIX software is thirty years old; GCC is about 25 years old. Open hardware will generally have a shorter time before it starts looking horribly obsolete. This is especially true of all the things that people really want to be open: processors, graphics hardware, wireless interfaces. (You could have an open replacement for e.g. the 555 or LM741, which would be more timeless, but what would be the point? How would it differ materially from the current ones?) There is certainly scope for "community" hardware development, but that depends on having a stable, sensible community that can agree what it wants and is willing to pay for. Again, requires a lot of work. By the nature of their technology, any FPGA will always be more expensive and energy hungry than the inflexible ASIC counterpart. No silver bullet. What's more likely is interesting SoCs with partially reconfigurable analog blocks and accessible graphics co-processors. Star performers are not inherently more productive - context is important. They are talented but also benefit from the system supporting them. In one study, the performance of 10x Wall Street analysts crumbled when they switched employers if their team did not come with them. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexey_Stakhanov Stakhanov was held up as the >10x more productive coal miner; however, it's now generally understood that this was the result of a propaganda effort, and he had a team preparing and clearing for him. This is a common risk in work-rate-measuring systems, how do you account for worker A spending time which saves the time of worker B? Especially in knowledge work, where the old guy/gal who does very little but carries all the oral history of the company in their head can be more important than anyone realises. It's a rank indicator, not about experience. Also, fancy job titles are free employee motivation. I feel that's probably a low number for the cost of turbines; turbomachinery is always very expensive. The mirrors are "heliostats" that turn towards the sun. So they have a set of motors and control electronics which will be a large part of the cost. There's something very Chinese about banning social media with the ostensible goal of encouraging people to focus on their work. (Also, where do you stop with your "addictive and mind crushing" barrier? Other forums, like HN? Video games? Fiction books? Theatre? "Thought-negating" music?) Have you seen how large the heliostats are? They look over 2 meters on each side, and the surface looks like glass or stainless steel. That's several thousand dollars of light engineering right there. Plus shipping to a desert, plus installation crew. So you're looking at $100-$1000 of motor. Several hundred dollars for the controller board (how do they know where to point? Are they networked or something?), or thousands if you have to design it yourself. Then you have to cable power to it, all of which has to be up to code. The whole thing also has to be weatherproof in a desert and not blow over in the wind. (The passive one-axis heliostat does sound interesting for DIY systems, though) The official fact sheet http://www.bechtel.com/assets/files/Renewable_%202013_Ivanpa... makes no mention of molten salt, just a regular boiler on top of the tower. Lack of clean air can also _impair_ the right to live. When coal was the default source of domestic heating in London, toxic smog frequently caused hundreds of deaths and generally caused respiratory diseases. Fashion? There was a time when any group of people standing around would usually include at least one person smoking. That time is long past. Eventually it will be uncool old people with phones and cool young people with .. _something else_. That's not what the document says though! Scroll to the end. It says that one of Google's motions to dismiss has suceeded, striking out part of the case as inapplicable, and that the case is being allowed to proceed. This is nowhere near even a first ruling. And it relates to "spying" in the sense of processing email to show adverts, not the NSA. Other way round: we could have public research into codecs, but you can't make incremental improvement because of the licensing requirements. _Imagine if App store and Play store didn't exist and you'd have to individually find developers and buy/download their apps. That would certainly result in higher prices._ Higher prices .. and much, much lower sales. The analogous situation is developing with PC games and Steam; rather than spending £40 each on a very small number of games I find myself spending £4 - £15 on a large number of games. Some sort of ridiculous Galtian producer's strike will get you nowhere here. People have plenty of other choices. The strange thing is that games can effectively be "trial" by structuring themselves with in-app purchases to overcome obstacles. I wonder how well this would work with "productivity" apps. Well, they've already managed to shut down the government..