Dugg it, I think I saw you somewhere else a few weeks ago, metafilter? A stumble question for anybody who knows. I was getting a bunch of traffic from Stumble Upon and decided to throw up a digg button. Of course, it was late and I didn't test it properly, so it essentially broke my site and nobody stumbled it anymore. Once a site has been stumbled once, and not thumbed up, is there any way to get it going again? My site is www.hearwhere.com I commented on the blog, but really my comment probably belongs here. This is a great advertisement for SeedCamp, but I find it strange that SeedCamp/Y-Combinator/TechStars focus on people with ideas, pre-launch. Is there anything like this availble to first time bootstrappers who have just gone and gotten it done? Build/Launch/Revise - but it would be great to have access to these kinds of resources - lots of knowledge and a bit of money. Seems to me that once you've got a product out there, it's difficult to get small amounts of money to keep things going, and the publicity that YC etc. provide is unbeatable. Of course, it is an image to protect it from spammers, but how long until spammers use image recognition to get your e-mail? Thanks Maro, I had the map smaller originally, but the bigger map just seems more engaging. I do put markers on the map after you click on a result. I thought it would be useless to have a bunch of markers on the map first, as you aren't going to decide on a show based on the location, but it's good to see the location after. Thanks for the input. That's AWESOME feedback sawndrost. I'm not being lazy, but just haven't been getting that kind of feedback - tech meetups are not de rigueur in my hometown of Whistler BC. I'm not a huge fan of the look, and i've been tweaking and tweaking it. Even hired a designer, but we conflicted on a bunch of elements and this is what I ended up with. It's a shame the player isn't working. I haven't heard that yet, and that is the best part - listen so you can discover the artists. I specifically didn't want to populate the map with markers as it would just be full of markers, and you won't really decide to go to a show based on where it is, rather than who is playing, so I think the site would get just too busy with that. But I'll definately be working on everything else you mentioned. Kinda makes me wish I could take down this post for now and repost later. ;) didn't know I could do that. Completely new to working with the maps. I've made a few of the more minor changes you recommended (including the scrolling), and just uploaded it to the server, but I think the fonts/images, etc is going to take me some time. Probably won't get that sorted today. But you've really opened my eyes, shawndrost, I can't thank you enough. I'll be making lots of changes over the next few days I'm sure. I've been working on adding some social features beyond just sharing links on Facebook and Friendfeed - hopefully in the next few weeks. Hey Kp, date range is on the way, working out some bugs, but hopefully by the end of next week. There is a genre filter, but i need to pair it down, there are WAY too many options. Lots of other sites do the band search, not sure if I'll add that in, though you aren't the first to mention it. Lots of great UI ideas coming from this post. I'll be playing with LOTS of different ideas over the next little bit. I've noticed a few odd results creep in myself. I'll work on that. Thanks Yeah, this is the unfortunate effect of how the artists have entered there data into MySpace - not sure who I can fix that. When artists supply good data (which seems to be the majority), things work well. Google maps seems to default to the US when searching for locations, so I'm guessing that entering UK into a geo-search isn't a rarity for you.. is that right. I'll see if I can get some sort of filter that tries to pick the name with the greatest population or something. That makes much more sense. Have a good time at the show. The site works for Copenhagen 1081 shows listed. I assume you mean the geocoding couldn't find you? If it didn't find you on the first visit, i set a cookie for future visits so you don't have to type the address again. Hey JKent, At the moment this is an actual working interface for MySpace music. But I'll be adding more features in the near future which extend beyond that. utnick! I'm so disappointed the songs don't work for you. You're the second person to report that. I'm also on FF 3.0.1 & flash 9, but on XP - I'm probably going to make a big change so that this isn't an issue anymore, but it might take a week or so - hopefully not more. Hey Louisloius, Apprently your comment points to our opposing attitudes, as I commented on mixturtle that you had too much below the fold. ;) I don't think users should have to scroll to see content, particularly when there is a sub-scroll and a map. I think it would suck if you scolled down, selected an address, had to scroll back up to get to see the location, or the player(I originally had my player inline like you have on mixturtle, but wasn't a huge fan of it that way, preferring the consistent location for the control). Having said all that, your site looks way better than mine, so I definately take your critique seriously. I've already started piecing together a new layout, but with the additional features I have coming, it is only getting heavier. :( My original had the map seperate form the controls, and I may return to that. Thanks - hope all is going well with mixturtle. After the absolute DESTRUCTION i've taken over the design here - which is GREAT, i don't want design holding this back. I've updated the look - actually reverted to an old look with some of the input changes made from recommendations here. I hope this one is better recieved :) Still has some tweaking to be done, but a few simple changes give it a whole new look. Hope you like this one better. I'm going to have to do some playing with this Maro - you could be right about clicking meaning you go to another page. I'm not sure. I changed the layout yesterday to a smaller map. it definately cleans things up, that's for sure. I have no idea why my logo is pixelated, but thanks for pointing that out. Web-searches aren't getting me anywhere in resolving that yet. In photoshop I'm doing the 'save for web' at 72 dpi, so I thought that was supposed to take care of that. Any ideas? With the beating my site review took yesterday, I'll clearly be spending a ton of time in your design section, and I clearly need help in the marketing as well. Great resource. Your javascript scroll-up (I'm assuming that's what it is) isn't working on my XP/Firefox 3.0, so the page is littered with lings and huge. Assuming this is your site toddo... This is interesting. Twitter limited the length of its posts (i believe) due to limitations in SMS and Texting. What you have done is to put a limitation on users just as a product differentiator (I believe). This is actually more innovative than I believe you will probably be given credit for. Forcing people to be concise and get to the point, but now allowing for a new medium. Nice work I like the nice clean lines - above the fold anyway, then I think it gets confusing as you scroll down and the main articles move left, and what I think are less popular articles (thinner items) move into the center. Your eye doesn't go smoothly down the page. Also, as you probably know, most people won't customize the news sources, so maybe do that as an accordian or something like that. That would also make the 'people in the news' section move up the page nicely. It may also be more interesting if you could add images to the article listing. Good work, and good luck. I've been using hostip.info, but have had mixed results - it's free. I suspect i'll be moving to a paid service in the future. What do you mean by 'custom'? Have you looked at the open Alexa, Yahoo BOSS, or other search engines that allow you to interact with them programatically? Hey mstefff, you've clearly done a good ob with the PR so far, getting yourself on Lifehacker and Webware - any tips on how you managed that? I've also always been curious as to what % increase sites see as a result of getting on Lifehacker, and how much of that traffic remains visitors a month later. My initial reaction to your site (this time around, I couldn't really make much sense of it before) is that it likely just isn't sticky enough. Though I agree that the 'communities' are way over done, you've included a sign-up to customize option, so you are gathering user details. Your site has the opportunity to serve users who have signed up, and those who have not. You don't have to be a social network to be a community, but I think you should be leveraging the 'community' that you have. For instance - when I come to your site now, it offers me the opportunity to sign-up, or to click on one of the above icons. Wouldn't your site be stickier if when I first come to the site it tells me what you suspect I am looking for? I'm not much of an investor, but your users should be, therefore I should be able to come to your site and be shown a few things that the community is currently finding interesting. Everybody benefits from that kind of stuff- new users and return visitors. As I see it now, i can get quotes and news from a number of sites. But if you were to aggregate into a popularity list somehow (it can be done!), or recent activity, etc. that might bring people back to your site more often. Doesn't have to be a social network, but even the news sites show you stuff they think you'd be interested in right off the bat. Right now I go to your site and i have to decide what I want to look at. You're probably loosing people right there. Hey Okeumeni, How many 'vertical' search sites is intelliverb going to be launching? Maybe it would be better to provide HN with a list of all the sites, rather than an individual post showing off another one of your sites every day. Particularly as the sites are all the same with the exception of the logo and each serving a different vertical market. I posted a 'rate my start-up' for HearWhere.com a few weeks ago. The feedback I got was brutal, but awesome! I've made some minor changes as a result, and have been working on a major release. Of course I saw a small increase in traffic as a result of the post, which dropped off quickly, within a few days. I'm not a lawyer, but had to do a bunch of legal research regarding this topic for some of my sites. I think what most of the responses so far are missing is the importance of accrediting the content to the content owner (likely the site, not the contributing users), and providing a link to the source. Check out this pdf http://www.law.berkeley.edu/journals/btlj/articles/vol16/sab... ">Sableman's authorized linking and search on Google v. Perfect 10. You haven't really given much to go on with respect to what you are scraping, and what you plan to do with it. But I think a bunch of common sense and ensuring that your site in no way harms the original source's site (defamation, etc), are the most important things to consider. Hope this helps. I think what you are going for is something like viewzi's screenshot presentation of search? But maybe not, your 'Usage' page says I can use your service as a host for screenshots? Either way, I entered a site, and even looking at your gadget demo, all I'm getting is 'screenshot is queued for processing. Maybe you are getting tons of hits right now, but unfortunately, this seems to me to be much more difficult than just grabbing a screenshot and hosting it myself. Maybe you can expand for me on why I would use this. I think I'm missing the point. I suspect I'm not the only one. if you want to do this kind of stuff, why not go with Yahoo BOSS or something similar. You could theoretically do some of the sorting you were hoping to do. I'd be tempted to add TC, Mashable and the like to that as well. Though the stories are good, how many HN readers also visit those sites anyway. Maybe a grey-list for anything linking to those sites, and then one of the top 100 users needs to vote it up in order for the article to be white-listed? Something like that? Unfortunately, that means that the most dedicated users are burdened in cleaning things up for the rest of the community, but by definition, they are already dedicated and would probably/hopefully like the site cleaned up for everybody. I'm curious where the 'Rate my start-ups' fit into this? Do people like them? Or do you find this to not be the best venue to view them. I posted my start-up here and the feedback I got was amazing, but that doesn't mean the community wants that stuff here. my initial reaction to this was 'what does the carrier pigeons paragraph have to do with anything'? This doesn't tell me anything about what the site does, and you almost lost me there. Then I decided to go back and take a deeper look because I thought it had something to do with mapping (even after reading the full title - short term memory). So if I were you (and I assume you posted it here for feedback), I'd tell people what the site does right at the top, and though PingMyMap is a pretty good domain name, i think it is not great branding because it is a distant metaphor for what you are doing. 'searchenginerefresher.com', or 'ichangedmysite.com' (both available, i just checked) or something along those lines would probably be better. When i hear 'map', the last thing I think of is sitemap, and you don't want it pinged, you want it indexed. I'm not a fan of the design either, as it has a dirty and old look to it, and I would suspect you would want users to think you were on the cutting edge, rather than a relic. Michael, Neither of the options you have provided would equate to 'giving up'. So I would give a definate NO to giving up. Treating your project as a research project does not equate to giving up. I don't know enough about this market/competitors/technology/market size, etc to define what you should do going forward. The question I think you should be asking is 'is this a viable business'. I suspect most of the YC community who are telling you to go for it! are potentially speaking from a start-up attitude of 'live the dream' etc. etc. They may be right, but not every business is a good business. Your technology might be the best out there, I just don't know. Personally, I wasn't blown-away by the demos, but I'm not saying that to be harsh, just that from my perspective, I'm not seeing your competitive advantage. You've put a bunch of work into this, and it may be the best in the market and able to make a significant contribution to the world. Does your university have a business school, or entrepreneurs club or something? Maybe you could get somebody there to help with defining the market and business planning. Maybe you can give us some insight into what your differentiators are. What is going to make Begin Up different from say 'killerstartups, launchfeed, etc. the challenge in this space for anybody is getting enough users to make the community valuable. I think something like this is needed, but in many ways already exists, but doesn't have enough traction to make it effective. For example, on killerstartups, nobody ever leaves comments, but the site does decent traffic, so personally I find the value of the site to be minimal. I agree with aaroneous - digg meets YC news = YC news. going to the site now, the 'Top Chat Rooms' is empty, and I don't see any other directory of chat rooms, and the tags is also empty. Makes it pretty difficult to give you any feedback. I think having the 'my settings' so prominently focused on the bottom of the page is a bit of overkill. Better to have that link to another page. But without any content, it is difficult to give a review. I'm not a qualified expert, but it does somewhat depend on the market you are after, how integrated ads are in the site, etc. For example (assuming standard banner ads), if you are talking about using adwords for content based ads, you are likely going to be looking at a $1-4CPM (is my understanding). However, if you are more of a social network tool, etc. it seems the CPM's are MUCH lower, in the 0.05 - 0.75 range. If you provide a solid branding opportunity for advertisers (likely targeting a very specific market), you could be looking at a $7-9CPM. This is what i have gathered from my limited research and discussions with friends in marketing. though this article starts out well, I seem to be missing the connection to the conclusion Adam (the author) draws. He seems to be insinuating that the Pioneer mentality should bootstrap, while Settlers should go for Investment/Acquisition. Buy I really don't think these things are as seperate as Adam insinuates. What about bootstrapping until you are ready for investment/acquisition? Isn't that the more common path? Are these things really that different. I don't have an iphone, so haven't checked out the app store yet. But i assume Apple has built some iPhone review stuff into the store, seeing as they went to all the trouble of building the 'most popular app', 'most popular free app', etc. I think you are building for a very small niche market and would have difficulty gaining significant advertising dollars and page views. I should have mentioned in the previous post that my understanding is that without a 20k+ views per day it is VERY difficult to get sponsors on your site. The 'iPhone app review' portion could be a part of a larger service offering 'all things iPhone' (though I suspect this already exists too) - sell cases/protectors, bluetooth headsets, etc. via Amazon and get affiliate commissions, maybe there are other revenue streams for you as well. My gut instinct tells me that you are in large company and will be fighting for a miniscule portion of a moderate pie. But don't trust my gut, do your research, you may be on to something, or your research may lead you to even bigger fish. Your thoughts on 'back-up market of companies who wish to advertise to affluent consumers' misses the targeted point of the value of the CPM is based on the ability to offer advertisers more than just a place to put an ad in front of affluent potential customers. I believe that if the advertising is off-target, your CPMs would be significantly lower. Also, i doubt the app store will have the long-term success it has seen in the short term. When was the last time the average (non-geek) friend of yours bought an app for there computer? When was the last time YOU did? Look at Facebook apps. All the rage when facebook launched, then everybody got sick of them. Maybe do a comparison of how many facebook apps are launching now vs. a year ago. That should be a good indication of where the App store is going (in my opinion). There is very little that needs to be done natively on the device these days. We'll likely have a hybrid of web/native but I hope a few plugins will provide all the native code necessary to run most apps (I'm thinking about writting a plugin myself). But lets do a bit of research anyway to get you moving further along. I google searched for iPhone apps and got a bunch of sites doing reviews - then put apprater.com & appsafari.com into compete.com to get a monthly page views estimate. AppSafari shows about 57k visits/month and apprater shows almost 18k/month. So reviewing the more successful site - that 57 views for 4.5 pages per user - about 8.5k page views per day X $7CPM = $60 per day. HOWEVER, I'd say that is a VERY high estimate. Maybe you can do a MUCH better job than appsafari, but they are already in the market and have a surprisingly high number of eyeballs for what there site offers (personal opinion). You are also competing with sites such as CNET, etc which have iPhone app directories. Having said all that. I've launched my start-up "HearWhere.com" into a market where there is already an incumbent, and more joining on a regular basis (even a YC supported competitor). I have a competitive advantage and felt the competitors offerings were weak. I'm hoping to launch a new version of the site into Beta late next week which will put even more distance between myself and competitors. What I'm saying is that if you feel you have a true competitive advantage or opportunity to differentiate yourself in this space, then go for it. If you're not sure about separating yourself from the bunch, than you probably have more work to do. An idea I read today through YC relating to Google (I can't remember exactly which article I read) - basically said don't go after revenue, serve the market first, then go for the revenue. I like that you are planning ahead to make sure the revenue will be there, but I think that may be a bit premature unless you know that the market exists first. Don't just assume that because appsafari has 60k visits, that you'll get the same. Getting people to switch is going to be the biggest challenge for you, and appsafari isn't even the biggest fish to fry - CNET, Wired, etc I suspect are all in this space as well as it already feeds into there user base. Hopefully somebody more experienced than myself will be able to give you further help and direction with this, and even refute what I've said. a few things I'll have to disagree with you on. 1) I never questioned the viability of the platform - this is definitely something that can be made. I do question the viability of it as a business if you are relying ONLY on ad revenue. However, adding additional revenue streams will increase the value and possibly serve your market better than advertising. My initial reaction is not 'this is going to be a star', but you could have a viable business here, I'm not your target market, and can't relate to what you are doing. You probably don't read mtbr.com or pinkbike.com, I do, you might not have thought those to be viable businesses, but they are. 2) I'd suggest re-reading your paragraph which starts 'My reasoning...'. firstly, who reads reviews for something they aren't keenly interested in? and the only people I know who have iPhones have them, but use them just like any other phone, meaning they don't install apps, or read about iPhones etc.. I have a blackberry and don't install applications, I don't look at blackberry focused sites AT ALL, and I am a geek! secondly, you can't just take the total number of phones and say that is the potential market. Everybody uses toilet paper, but the market opportunity is not 9 billion people. iPhone and Android are not the first players in this market. I'd take a closer look at sites that do what you are thinking of doing for Windows Mobile, Blackberry and Symbian devices (even though you have identified differentiators, look at what has been done to help define opportunity size). These devices already have a larger user base with 118 million devices sold in '07 so 10 times larger than iPhone currently. Also, don't be fooled by Apple marketing/PR and the way the numbers read. 10 million devices sold is more like 7 million users. I had gone through 3 iPods before most people had bought their first one, fanboys buy the newest thing they can get. Also, the planned obsolescence of mobile devices is 18 months, so when they say '100 million sold in two years', that likely means 50 million users. It's not how many devices HAVE been sold that matters, it how many devices came onto the market in the year (or 1.5 years) that is the important figure in mobile (I've done some mobile consulting). So i actually just tried this with Blackberry and Symbian, and interestingly, the largest sites I found (quick search) has about 40k montly visits. Similar to the size of the top iPhone reviews site. This suggests to me that opportunity size is in the 30-80k range. Something to think about...are more people going to use read/write reviews BECAUSE your site is better? or are you going to be getting users from other sites because your site is better. It's an important difference, and will help estimate market size. For my site, I postulate that finding live music and deciding to go see a concert is a poor experience, but that if people had a better way to find out who's playing, sample the music, etc. they would go see more shows. So for my site, I say 'with a better experience more people on a whole will use an online tool to accomplish this task'. Rather than saying 'I'll be able to grab x amount of users from other sites which do similar things, but don't offer as good an experience'. You've defined the opportunity where current sites are missing the boat, so that's good. You've got a target you are aiming for. You'll find more opportunities as you dig into this I'm sure. You'll also find challenges to things like categorization and taxonomy - who knows, maybe you've already got a solution to these challenges. What I think is interesting is that I suspect that as you go down this road, you may find greater opportunities than you are originally planning. Categorization can be VERY challenging, it is something I am struggling with on my site (your electronic music example is perfect!). So if you have identified a method for managing categorization, maybe the app review site is just an opportunity to flush out managing categorization, and maybe that will be your long term business. I can't answer your last question about 'will it be enough'? Only you and your partner can decide that. If you have the ability, I would suggest building something and getting it out there while hanging on to your day job. Building is often the easy part, the challenges can come in actually getting people to use your site. If you build something great, maybe you can make a living, maybe you can get investors involved. If you don't build anything, you likely won't get either. Costs of developing something like this should be very low (hopefully you will code it up yourself). This would probably be a good opportunity to try something like google app engine. There is no reason for them to use an iPhone, but I'm sure there is a ton of unsold iPod Touch devices they could use. I assume the functionality shouldn't be too difficult for them to port, as it is likely mostly web based (they aren't storing the store in each device I'm sure), all they would need would be an add-on to scan barcodes and a program to translate them. In PHP i've used both SendMail and SwiftMailer. Both seem to do a decent job of getting mail delivered into mail and not marked as spam. Pandora could license their Music Genome (back-end that decides what tracks get played), to other companies, or go the 'songza/mixturtle/skreemr/seeqpod route and just link to music which is already freely available. They tried going the considerate route and payed the highest royalty fees to the labels. Pandora has tried to do everything on the up and up, and they just keep getting battered because of it. I think how the community defines itself should drive the decisions of what gets submitted. How would you describe 'hacker news' to a friend who hadn't heard of it before. I'd say 'it's a social news site like digg or reddit, but it focuses on cs/it/hacking and start-up technology news'. I think having a tagline which describes hacker news might guide new members to post appropriate items. If you came to Hacker News and didn't know what it was all about, you might be inclined to post anything. But as rokhayakebe said, the quality is pretty good, now maybe it's just a matter of keeping it that way. My gut reaction is that there should be a non-technical solution, rather than a 'password sharing site'. The concept of 'password' and 'sharing' goes pretty much against what people 'should' be doing with passwords. I'm not familiar with any systems which don't allow more than one 'super-user' account, so I'm wondering why you wouldn't just have more than one 'super-user'. One account for you (as the main responsible party), and one 'super-user' account to be used in emergency situations only, which can be provided to the site/app/server owner. Would that not solve the problem you are attempting to address? so that sad and unfortunate thing seems to be that we all keep falling for it. And the more we comment, the more people are baited...ooopps, my bad :( A pretty horrible list with maybe a few bright spots (mint, freerice). The list really shows how heavy the style/shopping environment is. Not sure if this actually reflects the popularity of this space, or just that there are too many start-ups? If I were you I wouldn't mention competitors and how you differ, as you are then 1) promoting competitors and 2) branding yourself vs. the competition, rather than just defining yourself. Having said that. my quesion was specifically, how many people are going to be reviewing the site for $450? Different people take a different view of websites/apps, so having a small group of users is a huge benefit, vs. being reviewed by just one person. I wouldn't want to watch 210 minutes of video, but for $450 would expect the video (or whatever else you supply) would be shortened to the most important feedback, and maybe have the full video available if a client wants to watch it. I would have said that I might have been a potential client, but with only one person reviewing the site, I don't see the value being inline with the cost. I wasn't familiar with parameterized sql, but am looking closer now. Initial searches are not providing much as a guide. Anybody have any good links to resources? The best I found was http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/archives/000275.html but I'm hoping to get something that better describes what I should be doing with parameterized sql. Thanks Maybe you could clarify what you mean with an example. Are you looking for data that already is geocoded? if so, what type of data are you looking for? Or are you looking for ways to geo code data that you already have? I think looking for data that may or may not exist is the wrong way to go about your mash-up. Hopefully you already know what you want to mash. I wouldn't quote this article, or even use it as a guide. 'Over 30' is far to broad a demographic, and phone companies are targetting devices to different age groups. I would suspect the iPhone market is targetted at 18-40 year olds (though more heavily in the 18-30 range), while blackberry is working on 30-50 range. Just like most technology, the younger the user, the more features they are going to use. But saying 'Over 30' is pretty meaningless. 403 permission denied error. Keen to see it though :) Aren't most of these sites using 'Demo' as the launch platform? Therefore, why would they be expected to have more than this up before they launched. Maybe the policy of releasing the list of Demo presenters on the weekend before the conference is more the problem than the presenting sites websites. Would Scoble have been pissed if he showed up at the Olympics in June and there was no sports going on? Patience young grasshopper. I went back to this and it is pretty good. I definately like the look with tilt disabled, but unfortunately you lack a bit of depth when that happens as all of the 'behind' images have the same height. I think you could do a few things to make this look better. 1) have the height of the images fall away more with 'tilt disabled' 2) have some sort of shadow effect with tilt enabled and disabled to show more depth. Also, transition from one item to the next is smooth, but when you jump two or more items, it becomes very jerky. Maybe slower animation would help this. But nice work. I'm sure that is a very challenging project.