Remember this is the SECOND time it has happened. Before it was the widespread hacking that resulted in Bitcoins being stolen. And users were never told exactly what happened and what was done about it. People have every right to expect the worse with a company with a track record as poor as Linodes. Sorry but having passwords in plaintext is not a "goofup". It is completely and utterly inexcusable. Storing passwords in clear text is definitely not normal. Also the social engineering implications could be huge. Many people use the same password across various sites so in theory there could be a lot of compromised email accounts. Which could then mean compromised internet banking sites, trading sites etc. I don't understand where you are coming from here. Why do you think companies can only do one thing at a time ? And where have you worked where software engineers are drafting press releases or conducting security audits ? And why shouldn't keeping customers (who have their own apps) informed be their top priority ? I am a former customer who was burned the last time they were hacked and were less than truthful. Now it has happened again and nothing has changed. Clearly non existent security audits (cleartext passwords ?) and still lots of unanswered questions. It should be crystal clear by now that Linode is fundamentally untrustworthy. No. Because Linode has been hacked before and exactly the same situation is playing out. Major compromise and selective release of information. I really do wonder at what point people are going to realise that they aren't dealing with a company who cares about their interests. > Google’s YouTube and Google Display Network have data on how a billion people prefer to spend their time. Have to disagree with you on that one. I doubt many people would subscribe to the notion that what they watch on YouTube is a reflection of how they like to spend their time. YouTube for many is nothing more than modern day trash TV. No I don't. You know why ? Because it never happened. This is very common place and I don't think there is anything wrong with it. What is unacceptable though is deliberately trashing your opponents. > This is coming from the perspective of a software engineer with 15 years of experience. Which makes your opinion actually LESS relevant and interesting. I would care more if this was written by a 50 year old father of two or a 14 year old girl. Those are the people you don't hear much from and whose buying decisions actually matter. Really Apple hasn't given enough support for web standards ? Because I wonder where the world would be today without WebKit. Because it is about more than the algorithm. Developers shouldn't have to spend $100K to get into the top 10 of an App Store. For whatever reason. That is money that Apple would much rather see dedicated to making better apps. There's nothing amazing about Linode's pricing and absolutely not worth the security risk and lack of transparency. Their support is terrible when you have a real problem and non existent during an incident. Go does't have 1/100000 the amount of libraries and support that Ruby or C does. Option A only seems simpler because you ignore the time/complexity in coding the task at hand. Yes. Nearly 20 years ago. But don't worry the JVM can save you. http://code.google.com/p/jgo/ Because I am being realistic. Ruby, C, Java etc have had decades to build a comprehensive set of developer libraries. Go hasn't. It's a "cute" platform that I am sure will beat Ruby in a few benchmarks. But I don't see any reason why anyone would seriously consider it for a real world app. I don't think you understand what you're even saying. Hearsay is information you've obtained from a third person i.e. not directly witnessed. The reporter directly witnessed a sudden spike in voting on the Disqus forum. He directly witnessed an articulate post being heavily downvoted. He was not complaining that there was anti-Apple sentiment on the internet. He was complaining it was happening specifically on his site. And had the appearance of being coordinated. The difference is that the reporter witnessed what appeared to be a coordinated effort to downvote the anti-Samsung posts. The hilarity of all of this is that the current product pipeline was signed off by Steve Jobs whilst he was alive. And the same people (except for Forstall) are still there plugging away. But that said Apple just needs to follow the iPod strategy for the iPhone/iPad and they will continue to pour in the cash. By that I mean products at lower price points but still maintaining the same premium aesthetic. Also I would stake my life that Apple WILL release a TV. But it will be 4K and coincide with a "H.265 across the company" strategy. Wow. I didn't realise just how incompetent Linode actually is. Not only terrible security at a coding level but completely non existent audits. I wonder what they were after if not money. What are people hosting ? You're still using Linode ? Why ? http://turtle.dereferenced.org/~nenolod/linode/linode-abridg... Based on what we've seen before I wouldn't give Linode the benefit of the doubt. The password is most likely cracked by now. Anything but Linode. People REALLY need to stop recommending them. When it comes to GAE it really doesn't seem like Google's heart is in it. Which given their history is a bad, bad sign. Why stop at currencies ? Are we now going to have evernote, dropbox, flickr etc ? Do you actually think the NFL is going to place a sharp-edged cube of perspex 1 inch from a player's eye ? Because that sounds far-fetched to say the least. Likewise I can't imagine anyone seriously using the fragile, expensive Glass instead of something a bit more rugged. How do you think Apple makes its products ? Magic ? They have to communicate and partner with lots of suppliers from small to large around the world. They also have content partnerships with Twitter, Yahoo, Facebook, Tom Tom, Yelp etc. And the there is the huge array of media partnerships in the iTunes Store. Seems like a LOT of partnerships actually. Actually maps is getting better organically. It surpasses Google Maps in a number of cities and being vector has a much better overall experience. The cloud services should be split. iTunes Music Store has been pretty rock solid since its inception. It's really iCloud Sync and the Mail features that need work. As was said on the Kickstarter page, he could. But then again he would potentially lose final cut, character choice, location choice etc. Return business class flights in Australia to Los Angeles can be at least $15K. If you are going to WWDC to just watch the lectures then you are missing the point. The point is to have Apple engineers look at your code, ask questions of the presenters, give feedback to Apple execs, network with fellow developers, attend the various BOFs etc. The most interesting part of WWDC is going to be seeing whether the SDKs for iOS and OSX unify. If developers can have one code base and deploy to all the Apple products (AppleTV, Mac, iPad, iPhone) it could be a real game changer for the whole industry i.e. the first multi-device platform war. I assume MS is thinking the same way (XBox, Windows, Windows Phone) with their recent moves as well as Ubuntu. I am guessing a bold, colourful change to the UI for both iOS/OSX. Something like this: http://cdn.cultofmac.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/calendar... Given that Ive is now in charge of UX as well he will want/need to differentiate himself from Forstall. And iOS/OSX are definitely due for a major overhaul. I disagree: If they did spread FUD they would be widely considered to be out of touch by the IT crowd. The same crowd they need to be incorporating the Paypal APIs into their apps. Sure. You could have a scaleable/responsive UI, separate layouts for each platform i.e. xibs or completely separate interfaces. But you would still need that common SDK. It looks that everyone is working to that goal. But no one is sure yet. But then the point could be made that those thousands of people on Kickstarter would be advocates or "net promoters" for the movie. Exactly. I was in North Korea early this year and even in the rural outskirts it isn't comparable to the poverty you see in Africa. I guess Africa just isn't interesting enough. So true. Maven is the PostgreSQL of build tools. What type of deluded nonsense is this ? Since when did adoption by the US government decide who will win the mobile platform 'war'. And I was under the impression that Apps 4 Army was built for iOS first. Does that mean iOS will now 'win' ? I've never understood this "don't obsess about performance at the start" rule. Is it really that much of a problem spending a few extra hours prototyping different solutions and factoring in performance from the start. Why wouldn't I pick Vertx over Play if it 2-3x faster with similar productivity. That's money not spend on VPSs that can be used for marketing. Likewise why wouldn't I look at a binary serialization format if it means my iPhone app starts up 5 seconds quicker. Users decide whether or not your app is worth keeping in those few seconds of starting the app. Why not spend time trying to keep them ? Or as great as PostgreSQL is for single server deployment why wouldn't I look at something easier to manage, trivial to scale and a more agile schema like a DynamoDB, MongoHQ, Cassandra. Especially if I am a single person startup. I understand about premature optimisation but it seems to make a lot more sense to properly consider your architecture from the start rather than deferring it. Or did we all forget Digg v4 ? Right. So then the mantra should be "pick the technology stack you know best" as opposed to "don't obsess about performance". They aren't the same thing. Actually an Engineer should be reserved for those who actually have an Engineering degree. It is a professional designation akin to a Doctor, Lawyer etc. Are these 'features' not available in the US ? Because they are standard here in Australia/NZ and IIRC the UK. Almost every major service center will loan you a car and provide a valet service. And the Annual Service Contract is typically thought of as a 'lock you in' scam to prevent you from getting cheaper servicing through third parties. I don't really see a lot of innovation here. I would like to see the car notify Telsa of a specific component fault then they come out to house/work and fix it on the spot. Or do servicing at night time and on weekends. I don't think it'll be too different from pulling out your phone from a politeness standpoint. This is the point a lot of Glass proponents don't seem to get. They assume that not paying attention to you whilst looking at your face is somehow more polite than looking at your phone. It's not. I suspect that over time Glass will become like Bluetooth earpieces. Perfect for use alone but a faux pas around other people. It is looking away that breaks conversations, not doing something else. You ARE looking away. And depending on how many messages you receive it could be just as irritating to the person(s) you're with as constantly checking your phone. Least of all the constant doubt about whether your conversation is being recorded or not. I am not disputing their unquestionable usefulness I just have doubts they will be acceptable in most social situations. For all we know it could be happening to lots of people. But they aren't tech journalists so we don't know about it. Are you arguing that truth doesn't have the potential ? If so. Care to upload photos of your passport, credit card and social security documentation ? Do you not have a sat nav ? I take it you didn't read past the first few paragraphs.