Except the self-fixing process you claim to be characteristic of physical institutional learning only happens when there is a significant number of people in the class that are A) In a position to think confidently and critically about the material B) willing to invest time and effort (often lots of both) in finding the correct conclusion and C) in contact with you about their insights. I have found the confluence of those factors to happen exceedingly rarely in physical classes and significantly less rarely in hybrid physical/online classes. This isn't surprising because lectures place severe limitations on two-way communication that online environments don't. With a traditional class structure (lecture/discussion section) I suspect at least 3/4 of questions go unasked and at least 3/4 of the received answers never get shared beyond the immediate group of individuals doing the asking (in comparison to an online forum, where the answers are googleable or at the very least spread to the entire class). Also, online learning wins in the limiting case where courses have been iterated and feedback / FAQs taken into account. In a brick and mortar institution, "institutional memory" is effectively lost as professors retire or shift interests (if it ever existed in the first place) and their replacements introduce their own slew of idiosyncrasies, poor methodology, and misconceptions. In contrast, an online lecture never suffers this degradation. Sure, new lectures may replace old lectures (presumably at different sites), but both will be available for a time and during that time, students will pick up on inconsistencies. That's not true of brick-and-mortar lectures, where the only source by which a student can verify the material they are presented is the textbook or its alternatives. Combined with the tendency of courses to discourage reading the textbook (it's almost always a less point-efficient use of time to read textbook chapters than to do homework, practice problems, and go to office hours, which provide information better matched to the material that will be tested on), the status quo is a recipe for failure. My experiences confirm that this recipe for failure produces failure (in the pedagogical sense). The third factor that favors online learning with regard to misconceptions are its twin killer features: the pause button and the rewind button. These reduce self-inflicted misconceptions tenfold. So, sp322, I think the opposite of what you stated is true. I would welcome a conflicting opinion, because usually when I go on rants similar to the above three paragraphs all I get are nodding heads. For me, the primary reason I switched to dvorak was to force myself to touch-type. It worked, but I generally agree that there it doesn't make a substantive difference for most day-to-day tasks. That said, I really do prefer typing in dvorak. You can feel the difference in number of off-home key presses -- it shows up in your wrists. The difference isn't subtle. "This is a test sentence" has 1 off-home keypress in dvorak and 13 in qwerty. This effect is pronounced enough that passwords, names with foreign spellings, and other types of entropic text are noticeably more awkward to type in dvorak (versus in qwerty, where all text "feels" roughly the same to type). Again, dvorak may not make much of an objective difference as far as health or WPM are concerned, but the feel is enough to make the inconvenience worth it to me. EDIT: I see the post below me mentions keyboard shortcuts. They were the biggest sticking point for me and they remain the largest compatibility hassle when I have to use a qwerty computer. I would rate the frustration of having to think about shortcuts just slightly below the frustration of having to work with UIs that don't support emacs editing shortcuts, FWIW. Your argument is both irrelevant and incomplete. The parent claimed that a greater level of immigration would likely have dramatic electoral consequences. You implied that the current level of immigration does not have dramatic electoral consequences. These claims are completely orthogonal. Furthermore, the latter implication (which I assume you made on the basis that it is the only way the rest of your post conceivably supports the claim that the parent argument is bullshit) doesn't follow from the fact that the electoral consequences of immigration represent a continuation of an existing trend. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Znby3t3AS5s ♫♫♫ Uncertainty is not so odd as long as we're aware position and momentum are a Fourier transform pair So anything that tightens our precision on the one means certainty about the other value gets undone ♫♫♫ Still, I'm not sure I approve of your suggestion to use this physical property of the universe as a basis for intuition. The reasons why quantum mechanics "works" are far, far more difficult to understand, internalize, and accept than the concepts behind the DFT which only really requires an understanding of first-semester linear algebra. In other words, I expect that the set of people who understand QM at this level but do not understand the DFT is nearly empty. If you actually meant to go the other way (use the properties of the FT/DFT to gain an understanding of QM) then I completely agree with everything you said, of course. Perhaps this was left as an exercise for the reader? It seems to follow quite closely from the same intuition: after you have averaged the points on the imaginary plane you get a point that you can can represent as (r,theta). Theta is the phase portion. It's just the direction of the constructively interfering peak. Hmm, it's interesting that you found yourself disappointed by Asimov's treatment of chaos. I can't help but suspect that you may have missed something when you first read it. I know I certainly did. Actually, Asimov's treatment of chaos is what sold me on hard scifi. Here are some of the high points that directly address your concerns: 1) The "thermodynamic" explanation of psychohistory (small, unpredictable actions "average out" in some sense) was bullshit even inside Asimov's fictional universe. It was merely an excuse that Seldon used to get the Foundation placed where he wanted it so that #2 could happen. The fact that the characters in-universe continued to buy in to the deception could have confused you (it certainly confused me). In my final analysis I consider this a stroke a brilliance on Asimov's part, even if it was introduced retroactively (I don't remember if this was the case). 2) Seldon's plan didn't rely on precise predictions of any kind (broad or narrow). He simply had to ensure that the set of probable broad predictions led to the next attractor state (Seldon crisis) so that intervening chaotic deviations could be neglected for the purposes of computing the subsequent ~50 years. For instance, the metaphorical pebble-in-the-shoe-that-loses-the-war would be handled by ensuring that both outcomes of the war led to the next Seldon crisis. In fact, this is the very subject of the 2nd book in the series. 3) The "random events such as mutation" that you suspect would spoil Seldon's predictions form the driving force behind the plot of the 3rd, 4th, and 5th books in the series. While Seldon's solution can hardly be considered elegant, it was somewhat effective and more believable than a great many things I'd be willing to suspend disbelief over. It makes for good reading in any case. Your conclusion that psychohistory was more of a "what if" than a serious proposal holds true but I still think you haven't given Asimov enough credit for subtlety in addressing the chaos problem. > it's refreshing to hear someone who is willing to say what he believes > echo chamber in the tech community Do you really believe that the "echo chamber" happens because people lie about their beliefs to fit in? I couldn't disagree more. I'm fairly certain the "echo chamber" happens because we share backgrounds, information sources, and inferential technique, leading us to share conclusions as well. It would be fair to call our community "too homogenous/narrow" but it's equally incorrect and insulting to imply that the majority viewpoint persists through popularity alone. As for the article, you're correct that his perspectives are "realistic" in that I believe they are shared by many people in the investor class. However, they're completely self-serving and unaligned with the common good. In that sense I see his opinions as roughly morally equivalent to the cries of "redistribute all the wealth to eliminate poverty" that occur in different contexts. For instance, he predicts that we will "run out of capacity" for our data hungry apps. SO BUILD MORE CAPACITY, DAMMIT. If that means redistributing spectrum, so be it. Match supply with demand. That's what markets are supposed to do. I'm sure investors would love to ride the bubble formed by artificially restricted supply but they do so at the cost of everyone else. It's sickening to see him pretend that he's forwarding a common interest by opposing net neutrality. Ditto for his comments on the workforce. None of his other opinions (1,5,6,7,8) seem terribly controversial so I've ignored them. >note that I'm not arguing about the harshness of the sentence Yes you are -- albeit implicitly. You're arguing against a straw man that takes the extreme position that what he did was "OK". Very few people here (and certainly not "a large portion of the internet") believe that. Even the post that triggered this discussion didn't call his actions "OK", even though richforrester understated the severity of the "hacker"'s actions. "Cognitive dissonance"? Even if I were to admit that your proposed situations was analogous -- and I don't -- you're making the dubious assumption that the majority of us believe 10 years is an appropriate sentence for the physical crime but not the virtual crime. I happen to believe 10 years would be steep (understatement) in any case and I suspect I'm not alone. You think about them: "How weak." They think about you: "How lucky." You're both somewhere between half correct and entirely correct. > Quit blaming the economy. > With enough determination and will, you will find a way. Or you will make one. You seem awfully certain of that. I can't help but wonder if this view derives primarily from confirmation bias or if it represents an accurate appraisal of the market. I think your conclusion holds with regard to the tech sector (most of us probably do) but I'm much less convinced that it generalizes. There's no cosmic entity guaranteeing that "a way" is present, only the economy. It's pointless to argue over the particular combination of self-reliant traits and opportunity that leads to success, but ignoring the correlation between the economy, opportunity, and success, is obnoxious and leads to short-sighted and self-serving policy positions. > it has taken talent, drive, hard work, and sacrifice to capitalize on the opportunity presented to me. See, here's the problem: there's a positive feedback loop between opportunity and success and down at the "no success" (poor) end of the spectrum the availability of opportunity is strongly determined by the economy. Talent takes time and resources to develop, drive takes resources to exploit, and hard work has no inherent value. You can't capitalize on something you you don't have. For the poor, acquiring resources means having a job, and it's possible for the conditions around that to be shitty enough to inhibit progress along self-determined directions even for the most driven of individuals. Nobody would argue that Chinese wage-slaves or starving African children are simply failing to capitalize on readily available opportunities. For less extreme examples of opportunity deprivation, less extreme conclusions still hold. Just because the tech sector is in a fairly rosy position right now doesn't mean we should bury our heads in the sand and pretend like our victories are due to "superiority of drive" or "understanding of value". We should fight to increase the amount of opportunity available to society's poorest members. Sometimes this means offering resources necessary for "bootstrapping". Other times it means chopping down barriers to entry by punishing anti-competitive and monopolistic behavior. I don't believe our society does nearly enough of either. I know that your post wasn't advocating a political position and was instead observing that a certain attitude is best for self-development. HOWEVER, I see way too many people who get drunk on the combination of this attitude with confirmation bias and then proceed to take the short-sighted and self-serving policy positions I mentioned earlier. End rant. This. In high school I was forced to take AP Human Geography (I was meeting a requirement) and I was genuinely shocked to discover just how much geography mattered. Cost of living, cost of health care, job availability, industrial economics, EVERYTHING is a function of geography. Not in a subtle way, either: economic metrics that I thought would vary merely by 5% or 10% often varied by factors of 2 or 3 (health care) or 10 (for industry). If you are willing to optimize the geography function but haven't computed the value of doing so, you're missing out big time. Confidential discussion with the company seems like the best option -- if you're Dropbox. To Dropbox's users, immediate and full disclosure is the best policy. The bug reporter needs to choose between these extremes based on the nature of the bug and I think you're oversimplifying matters by claiming the bug reporter should always cater to the company's interests (even if professional courtesy demands granting them some leniency). Factors suggesting immediate disclosure is appropriate: 1) High benefit of informing users (high severity bug, easily avoided if you know about it) 2) Low impact of misinformation (most of us will check back to see how the story unfolds) 3) Bad faith on Dropbox's part (they knew about this, they knew how much their customers would benefit from disclosure, yet they failed to carry through) Do they disguise metadata as well? File size, name, and directory layout would be more than enough to identify particular files (or at least enough to obtain a warrant to force mega to push trojan client software). I'm sure they've considered this but if someone has seen an article or post analyzing the client side encryption I'd love to read it. > All Ur Base Stations R Belong 2 Us FTFY If you draw a box around labour and management and compute the relative bargaining power of each group, child labour worsens the bargaining position of labour (by increasing supply). It is in the collective interests of China's poor (children and adults alike) to see child labour ended. What you have noticed is something completely different: it may be advantageous for an individual family to send their child to work. Restrictions on child labour put the system out of Nash equilibrium but they perform better globally with respect to helping the poor. This paradox manifests itself in many places; I suspect, given that this is Hacker News, that you may be familiar with a few of them already. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Braess%27s_paradox The critical conclusion that free markets search for nash equilibria but NOT global optima is highly relevant to fiscal philosophy and entrepreneurship. > if people allow that police work necessitate some ugliness at times The silent majority can and does realize this. Proof: http://mashable.com/2013/02/01/reddit-atlanta-mall-manager-t... I've seen this happen a number of times on reddit. Someone claims police brutality, the thread escalates to the main page, then eventually dies down with the top few posts taking a cool-headed stance. In fact, there have been times when I have found my own opinion on the less moderate side of the hivemind's consensus, and I consider myself fairly trigger-shy when it comes to criticizing the police for doing their job (possibly because I've never been on the wrong side of an arrest). I've heard the claim repeated many times that "democratic oversight" could never work because people, in general, are too soft-hearted to understand the realities of policework. It just doesn't ring true to me: if anything, people tend to ignore violence if it has nothing to do with them. It makes sense to allow collaboration in some contexts (homework) while forbidding it in other contexts (test taking). This way, students are rewarded for working together yet are still have an incentive to make sure they aren't simply letting their partners do the work at the expense of their own understanding (intentionally or not). The cheating happened in a testing context. Other parts of the class would have emphasized the collaborative aspect of learning, and I'm sure this contributed to the widespread consensus that sharing answers was OK, despite written instructions to the contrary. * Google maps for the interiors of buildings. * Recording. Glasses make it difficult to tell if someone is recording, making the act socially acceptable in many places it would otherwise not be. My guess is that the cumulative time cost of SSL doesn't exceed millions of dollars. On the other hand, if you believe that over-classification undermines the democratic process to the extent that wars have consequently been fought against the USA's self interest, the cost of over-classification could easily wander into the trillions of dollars (and tens to hundreds of thousands of lives). I think it's reasonable to neglect the time cost of SSL in this comparison. Horses are able to provide more than muscle power! They can tread over ground unsuited to the most primitive vehicles. They can fit in narrow spaces, they don't require petroleum, and they have enough intelligence to avoid certain kinds of absentminded user error. They are animals and they have personalities that machines will never have. Surely someone could find new uses for old horses, after all they are organic and adaptable in a way that machines aren't. And somebody did find new jobs for those horses! 2% of them, at least. The balance got slaughtered. You can wave your hands and argue that the jobs are out there or will appear given sufficient creativity, but the market simply doesn't care about the faith you have placed in it. Your optimism doesn't control the unemployment level. We have to prepare for the eventuality that the jobs don't materialize, and we have to do it in a way that doesn't heap perverse incentives onto the unemployed while choking off the very consumption that fuels the economy in the first place. Wow. I didn't think of that before, but it fits. Yahoo's reputation, at least in the eye of the public, largely consists of being a failed competitor to google, a has-been. Hiring Marissa Mayer certainly got the tech world excited, but I'm not sure that excitement spread far beyond those who were already familiar with her in the context of her work at google. This acquisition answers the skeptical question I think many of us were asking ourselves: how will yahoo shed its reputation as a has-been and get people to give it a second chance? This is how. This says "we're young and exciting again" more effectively than a high-budget series of TV ads and billboards ever could. Maybe it doesn't send quite that message to the jaded startup crowd, but it certainly sends it to the tech bloggers and interested bystanders, who are the people yahoo is after in the first place. The message is even stronger because of the timing with respect to google reader. I haven't yet decided weather or not I want to believe that it was planned all along. My intent is not to diminish Nick's accomplishment, although in the name of full disclosure I freely admit jealousy (who wouldn't?). I'd categorize it under both deserving and lucky, with the proviso that "deserving and unlucky" is a rather large category. Good job, Nick, although you certainly don't need to hear it from me :) I still have to reserve my loudest (virtual) applause for yahoo. This is a brilliant move with brilliant timing which has already generated more hype than I would have expected yahoo to be able to pull off had you asked me only a week ago. Bravo. Maybe they actually do have a turn-around in their future. Maybe. I'll probably have lost my knee-jerk enthusiasm by tomorrow, but I'm not ready to back down from my opinion quite yet. The parent post resonated with me because it made me realize that, in just the past few hours, I had already overheard / participated in three separate conversations with nontechnical people regarding the acquisition. In one of those conversations, someone expressed a desire to check out the app. I can't remember the last time a non-apple product hit that level of visibility. In my neck of the woods (obviously not a representative statistical sample of anything) this story achieved something extraordinary for yahoo, and if it generalizes at anywhere near the same level of effectiveness I could easily believe that it was worth the money. I'm sure that a significant portion of the acquisition price came from the quality of the app as opposed to publicity (it IS a great app), but I simply don't believe that Yahoo AND Summly didn't know/care about the publicity potential, and by extension I believe it impacted the purchase decision and pricing. > How many people here are compulsively comparing themselves to what it depicts? sigh Me. I can't help myself. > The people that connect people, things (i.e. capital), and ideas are not naturally less valuable than the people that come up with ideas or who have things I don't think anyone would argue that glue is naturally less valuable. The problem is that our current economic structure treats glue as if it creates approximately ALL of the value because we haven't figured out a good way to split value between different stages of the pipeline (IP isn't a good way). Over-investing in glue is bad insofar as it comes at the expense of investing in fundamental technologies/research. Since our (over)valuation of glue currently places a rather heavy opportunity cost on performing said research and endorses the "academia is a waste" attitude, I tend to agree that our economy is too focused on glue. I'm not sure I understand what you mean by "culture loaded," could you expand on that? For instance (this may come across as snide although I do not intend it that way), is typing the word "I" in lower case and omitting spaces after periods a cultural thing? I would assume that nobody would use such a "style" in an essay on a standardized test, but then again I would have assumed that nobody would use such informal technique while arguing for the equivalence of a different writing style, since one would presumably want to criticize from a position of mastery to avoid accusations of making self-serving arguments. It is true that spoken English contains many informalities that become inappropriate in the context of writing, but this observation holds regardless of ethnic influence on the spoken dialect. Everyone has to filter what they write to achieve the tone of formality. I certainly don't speak with the same formality I use in my writing, and I suspect you don't either. If you want to argue that the culture in middle/upper class suburbia gives its children an advantage with respect to writing English, I would agree. I would suggest that the problem should be addressed by raising standards in inner city / rural environments, rather than by lowering them at universities, which would only serve to fuel attitudes of resentment and entitlement. > The very bright poor that i personally know avoid the top schools because they require too many essays What does this necessarily have to do with being poor? I know plenty of "lazy" rich people that avoid the same applications for the same reasons. How do you propose that culturally induced hesitation be distinguished from laziness? How should admissions boards distinguish between cultural influence and poor technique in an applicant's writing? These questions aren't rhetorical, I would love to hear answers, since I can think of none. > The smart but poor have high critical reading and Math scores, but very low writing aptitude test scores. I know plenty of people who share this profile for reasons that have nothing to do with being poor. I, myself tend towards this end of the score spectrum and I do not come from a poor family. Instead, my scores look like they do simply because I chose to focus my efforts in school on math and the sciences rather than on writing. Are you sure this is not the case with the people you were referring to? > writing scores are massively arbitrary I disagree, especially in the context of standardized tests. Sure, it wold be nearly impossible to objectively determine the difference in quality between two well-written articles or books on the same subject, but these media have little to do with the writing on the SAT or ACT, where you are given a generic prompt and asked to produce an essay under fairly intense time pressure. You will be forced to make tradeoffs between flow, source incorporation, structure, diction, angle of attack, and so on. The only people for whom these tradeoffs don't apply are at the low or high end of the score spectrum anyway. Most of these tradeoffs can be evaluated in a somewhat objective manner: were there transition sentences? Were multiple sources incorporated into the argument? Did the writer maintain flow despite the time constraints? Doing all of this for a full-length essay under time contsraints is incredibly difficult, and I am fairly certain that ranking people by the extent to which they manage these objectives provides an internally consistent measure of writing skill (possibly unrelated to applications in which you would actually use writing, but that's another issue). Back when I was applying to college, I remember being quite surprised at how straightforward the rubrics were. I was consistently able to predict my score immediately before/after completing the essay, both in the context of practice essays and for the "real deal". There was nothing arbitrary about it. I knew what my objectives were, and I knew weather or not I was achieving them, so long as I was willing to be brutally honest with myself. > although one of my AP practice tests was deserving of a nine (out of nine), I almost assuredly would have gotten a four This doesn't pass my smell test. I suspect that there was more wrong with your essay than a double citation. Perhaps you made redundant arguments in addition to using the same source twice? Then you would suffer penalties under structure, flow, AND source usage. In any case, I think that your teacher might have been trying to say "there are only a few details between you and a 9" rather than "this one detail separates a 4 and a 9." Agreed. Now the hard part: how do we do it? /Ivy grad > I know the idea that conservatives are persecuted by liberal academics is a popular one. But isn't it more likely that what the article is talking about is due to rural vs urban or academic vs non-academic backgrounds and experiences rather than liberal vs conservative ideology? I tend to agree, but I haven't read the source cited by the article. If anyone here has easy access to Epenshade's book, I'd love to hear how rigorous the "4H,ROTC decreased P(admission) by 65%" result was. 87 Espenshade (2009) p. 126. > In other words, are Harvard admissions people rejecting 4-H club members because they assume they're Sarah Palin loving conservatives, or because the Harvard admissions people didn't participate in 4-H clubs and don't know much about them? A third possibility: admissions people don't believe that generic "leadership" clubs are worthwhile, leading to a perceived bias towards clubs with more specific purposes than being line-items on college applications. We could test this hypothesis by looking for differential performance between 4H and ROTC and between 4H and NHS (Natl. Honor Society, the prevalent line-item club at my high school, which was not rural). I used ROTC as an example of something that was decidedly not a generic leadership club, sorry I didn't make that clear. My opinion of 4H was based on 10 seconds of skimming their website, but in that time the generic terminology and cheap selling points targeted towards parents were enough to turn my stomach. It's possible that their website is just targeted towards a different audience, but you would have to convince me. > they demand substantial amounts of time and effort That doesn't exclude the possibility that they are a generic leadership club. A leadership club that didn't demand time and effort would be entirely fraudulent rather than simply having dubious value. > and give achievements for the mastery of specific skills. If it's like the Scouts, I'm tossing it in with "generic leadership club" unless they provide a metric by which I can judge the engagement and independence of an individual within their system. Part of what I would want to see from an applicant would be personal goals outside of the framework of the institutions surrounding them. The ability of the individual to bend the institution to those goals would then count as the type of leadership I think colleges are after. They want people who will use the resources around them to do interesting things, not people who aim to collect every badge in the pile. The pollution of the term "leadership" by those seeking to sell educational experiences is regrettable. Got your morse code badge? Not leadership. In charge of a group of kids learning morse code? Possibly leadership, depending on how much initiative you took to go beyond provided materials. Started a morse code club, created a curriculum for newcomers, advertised, handled paperwork / fund acquisition to get materials & go to a morse code contest? Leadership! I take it back; looks like you're correct: http://apcentral.collegeboard.com/apc/public/repository/samp... Still, the fact that the grading scale places an unwarranted amount of emphasis on citation doesn't make it arbitrary or less concrete, so I think my point still stands. Students taking the exam should know that rubric inside and out, so I think it's fair even though the requirement isn't directly related to writing. Arbitrary requirements are part of life. Students also have to wear clothes during the exam even though you don't need clothes to write; I'm sure many great authors have done their best work in a state of dress that would be completely unacceptable in an AP exam. I'll accept that essays can be used a legal excuse for nativism, quotas, affirmative action, anti-rural bias, and so on. The question is weather or not they are being used to effect anti-rural bias, and I'm not convinced that is the case. > stop discriminating hiring practices There's the rub. You have powerful, entrenched players working to protect their own interests. Even more importantly, ignoring cues like an Ivy education reduces the SNR for hiring managers who are already overwhelmed by noise. Stopping discrimination will require them to do additional difficult, thankless vetting work. In the tech world, github makes this relatively painless, though not entirely effort-free. Perhaps such a system could be extended to legal and regulatory fields? A central platform for open source laws, regulations, and debates would do the trick. The difficult part would be getting people to use it. Maybe you could start by targeting law schools and debate clubs, giving them an easy way to visualize the back-and-forth of an argument, and then try to use that traction to move into the public sphere? I seem to recall hearing about a few sites trying to do this, but evidently none of them have reached critical mass yet. But that's just it -- the various existing implementations of the Grammar of Graphics have solid, proven implementations, tutorials, documentation, and Q/A collections on Stack Overflow. From my admittedly brief impressions of Vega, the procedural implementations also seem to be more concise. Tack on the benefits of a procedural REPL when you're doing exploratory data analysis or nontrivial manipulations and it becomes very hard to justify the switch. Like most everyone here I think Vega would be much better suited to the role of an intermediate target format for higher-level tools. A lot. It has been a year since I last used Qt, but given the frequency with which I hit bumps in their integration with OSX, I'm quite sure that they haven't all been fixed by now. Keyboard shortcuts, drawers, and focus passing would randomly fail to work, since Qt was welded into the Cocoa event system and sometimes missed rather important edge cases. For instance, pressing the Esc key was programatically indistinguishable from clicking the 'Ok' button in custom drawers. More often, power-user shortcuts were overridden, didn't respect configuration changes, or entirely absent. Some views (table view IIRC) didn't even try to exactly mimic the native look and feel. Menus worked in fundamentally different ways on different platforms: if somebody designed an app to work on Windows, which does menus on a per-window basis rather than globally, menus would randomly appear/disappear on OSX. Oviously this wouldn't be a problem if all your users knew about it, but they won't. Integration with launch services was absent or crippled. Docking windows required tons of theming if you didn't want them to look like crap. Sometimes constraints or conventions imposed by cocoa were overridden, leading to subtle differences in the positioning of button text and so on. I spent 2 person-days hunting down the cause of a 2-pixel border between the edge of one view and the window backing; the hunt ended in failure when I realized that I would have to monkeypatch or completely replace Qt's layout system in order to get the view snug against the edge. Sometimes Qt's abstraction layer led to unacceptable performance tradeoffs that would be easy to solve on any given platform but were simply not addressed in the Qt API. In general, the UI design tools didn't enforce platform-specific conventions and were miles behind XCode in terms of ease-of-use. I had a few problems that weren't specific to integration, but they were just as frustrating. The documentation, while great for an open source project, was still far behind the status quo for native libraries. I found their documentation on coordinate systems very difficult to understand (in comparison with the Cocoa documentation) and sometimes it was just plain wrong, e.g. about mouse event propagation within graphics views (and you would think that would be a fairly heavily trafficked page, no?). If you want your Qt app to seem native, you had better be prepared to dig through Qt itself and patch its deficiencies. This often means being intimately familiar with the native libraries, since the bugs reside at edge-cases the Qt devs weren't thinking about when they wrote the code. Honestly, if I had to do it all over again, I think I would have just insisted coding the front end twice using native libraries and development libraries each time. I never expected the UI to translate perfectly and effortlessly from one platform to another, since (as you mention) that's clearly impossible due to divergent design decisions in the platforms themselves. However, it is not inconceivable that one could maintain a unified codebase and use a few platform-specific hacks to ensure that your app "philosophically matched" each OS. Quite possibly, one could still save net effort by implementing these patches vs maintaining a split codebase. If this were the case, I would be happy with Qt and I would sing its praise. My difficulty with Qt stemmed mostly from the bugs. It simply lacked the polish of Cocoa and .NET in a way which noticeably and negatively impacted productivity. "Platforms are different" is no excuse for incorrect documentation, layout engines that are 1-2 pixels off at the edges, broken/incomplete keybindings, missing integration with launch services, and so on. I have the utmost respect for the Qt team -- I wouldn't have guessed that anyone could come so close to unifying the major UI kits -- but Qt still fell short of where it needed to be if it wanted to compete with the native toolkits. There is a supply/demand problem in this approach: finding a unique project for every student or group of students that A) Uses the libraries or techniques the students need to learn about B) Hasn't already been done or requires meaningful improvement C) Doesn't need to be done with stiff reliability or time constraints D) Doesn't involve an excessive proportion of uneducational grunt-work is an incredibly difficult challenge, and solutions simply won't scale. Besides, there is moral hazard involved: you don't want the system to devolve into a free labor source, yet the incentives for those in charge are aligned to encourage development in that direction. You go to school to learn techniques that are difficult to learn on the job and that you are unlikely to learn on the job, goals which are subverted by having students work in what begins to look more and more like an unpaid (or negatively paid) intership. Err, I thought verlet was just an integration technique? How does it translate into a "very different beast"? I guess I'm still having trouble understanding where the complexities arise. I have no difficulty believing that they do arise, but I would like to understand how it happens if you're willing to take the time to explain. I would think that rigid bodies -- either perfectly rigid or semi-rigid via springs & struts -- would not handle all that differently in verlet since force is explicit (typo on your part?) and a v/p estimate is available from the last position, albeit with a bit more phase lag than usual. Does the phase lag induce nasty oscillations or something? Cool, thanks for the link! Artistic water simulation and scientific/engineering fluid simulation tend to be mutually exclusive in that they optimize for different objectives. Typically, a solution in one domain is ill-suited for the other. For instance, the "Stable Fluids" trick leads to desirable artistic properties (fluid behavior more closely matches stage direction = active energy input) at the expense of systematic inaccuracy (total energy is biased downward) that would be undesirable in an engineering context. If this technique worked equally well in both domains it would go from "impressive" to "miracle". In the meantime, we can certainly applaud it for the things it does do well! Some people enjoy coding more than dining. You are likely to find many of them here. While you are free to differ from them ("I enjoy cooking/dining way too much for this to work for me"), your insults (the idea causes depression, the slippery slope argument, your suggestion that dreams = facebook+tv) are quite uncalled for. > Does anyone think for a moment that a manmade device like a transistor is anywhere close to the complexity of a biological one such as a cell? This is laughable. It's laughable only because it's a straw man. The claim is that FOOD is simple, not human bodies. Industrial process optimization for transistor production costs many orders of magnitude more than this experiment will. Surely the NSA has hashes of nearly everything on the internet (bloom filters, perhaps?). Finding images that didn't match would be a simple and automated task. There isn't even a need for the person doing the scan to know that it's porn -- from the point of view of the hash database, porn, system files, and ripped DVDs all fall into the category of "seen before, not interesting." After the forensics team found files that didn't match the DB, they would have a good reason to investigate further and officials / the media wouldn't let nekked bodies stop them from commenting. Porn would make a poor choice of background media because reverse image search is ubiquitous. Finding the originals would be easy, and showing that the differences between the stego'd images and the originals didn't happen via compression would probably not be too hard either. If the encryption is good they probably wouldn't get any further than that. Still, any significant quantity of hidden files would generate a large body of evidence that would be very difficult to explain away. Why go to the trouble of hiding info on the hard drive of a guy who was already under suspicion when a prerecorded skype call or controlled packet latency system would make for a stego medium that was much harder to detect and easier to plausibly deny? Sure: http://static.usenix.org/events/sec06/tech/shah/shah_html/jb... The covert channel discussed in the paper doesn't control network traffic directly but if you were maximizing bandwidth and didn't have to hide from an intrusion detection system you would almost certainly want to do so. How do you figure this is a low priority target? This certainly falls within their mandate and the guy might have been trying to steal legitimately sensitive information! > Take 20 porn files porn-a.avi (500MB original or 600MB with hidden data) There are so many rips or rips of rips that you cannot have a complete porn-database. And phew 2GB of compressed and hidden Data. The smallest SSD I own could handily fit that data whole and the bloom filter would fit in an arduino a thousand times over. The NSA's shiny new Utah datacenter had a $2B budget for construction alone, do you really think "rips of rips" are going to be a problem? These guys scrape web traffic by putting a T on major junctions of the internet and duplicating everything that comes down the pipes. You could set all of 4chan to making rips with permuted settings and not begin to stress infrastructure of that capacity. I don't want to be rude, but you seem to be in denial. Free market principles still apply: if all plumbers retire when BI starts then the price people are willing to pay to hire a plumber will increase until somebody decides it's worth doing again. What if it becomes impossible for you to hire a plumber? Well, that would be the sound of opportunity knocking ;) > The drive to seek "intermittent rewards/thrills" isn't universal. Perhaps not, but so long as the market can offer something to everyone people will still have incentive to work. Basic Income doesn't mean you can afford everything without working. The market is extraordinarily good at producing carrots yet we seem hell-bent on using sticks. I think there's room to improve on that front. > If there's a trade-off between having more parasites at the bottom of society who don't work vs. having more parasites at the top who ruin others' wor Nonono, you have it backwards. We NEED more parasites! The supply of labor exceeds demand right now which sends the price to 0 (minimum wage paints the problem a different color but doesn't fix anything). We need to decrease the supply of labor so that the market can start pricing it rationally again. If everybody stops working, the price of services skyrockets. But the problem (soaring cost of services) and the solution (soaring reward for labor) are one and the same. This is how the free market is supposed to work. In fact, I'd go so far to say that BI presents a closer approximation to a free market than the system we have now (where the government price-controls labor). Don't you think that's a much healthier configuration than what we have now? I like the idea of rewarding grunt work more than we presently do. After all, if wages of dishwashers get high enough, we might just have to invent a machine to do it for us, no? Besides, even Great American Novelists have use for money. They could buy equipment for a roadtrip, buy a nicer computer for writing, buy services that help them focus on more writing (e.g. pay other people to be dishwashers), and so on. In turn, this gives them incentive to work. It's capitalism as usual, it just doesn't fetishize the 40 hour workweek. EDIT: just saw you added social work to your list. You're beating me at my own game, perhaps I'd better stop preaching to the choir? BI is NOT communism. We are not trying to abolish private property or wealth disparities or social classes. In fact, we're trying to make the market even free-er: right now the supply of labor is rigid (everyone must work to live) but supply exceeds demand so the free market sends the price of labor to 0. There are two alternatives: let the supply of labor drop via BI or establish price controls on labor (or pray for the economy to keep growing, but that ship has sailed). Price controls shift the problem around and don't solve the underlying issue: supply exceeds demand. Unfortunately, we have chosen price controls over letting the market equilibrate itself. ANY solution that solves the supply-exceeds-demand issue of labor MUST either create leeches (decrease supply) or continuously grow the economy (increase demand). I think it's easier to create the leeches and call them a cost of doing business. BI is the supply-side economics of labor. Incidentally (this is unrealted because BI is not communism), I'm not convinced that the USSR failed because of communism/socialism/stalinism/capitalism/whatever. I'm no historian, but it looks like what happened is that the US fought an economic war with the USSR via an arms race. We spend a $ on our military to force them to sped a $ on theirs. They ran out of money first because they had a smaller economy coming out of WWII. This opinion is not very well researched or highly informed (I base it off starcraft strategy, heh). Please tell me if I have gone wrong; I will be neither surprised nor offended.