>...get ahead of the game and just start paying your subscription fees already Sorry but I am staying behind and happy like a clam as I save tons of money. Those subscriptions are like a death by the thousand cuts. So maybe it is profitable for those big corps but I do not give rats ... about their profits. I care about mine ;) That is exactly why I use Delphi when doing GUI apps on Windows. Single GUI framework that works like a charm for more then 20 years. It is very unfashionable to say mildly but it is the fastest tool to get things done for Windows GUI apps. I actually tried most and ended up with Delphi as ticking most checkboxes in my big list list. Granted I am an ISV and could care less about what other think about popularity of the tools I choose. Always pick what suits me. As for finding developers: that does not seem to be a a problem if one knows how/where to look. LOL. I never really strayed from this one on Windows. Everything else came with big limitations on what one can do. "Step out of your Silicon Valley bubble" ... I have Business Fiber Internet package from Bell in my house in Toronto. Residential area far from city core with an old houses, definitely not a Silicon Valley. 1000 up and down. It costs me $80 Canadian pesos. Not bad. I do not consume books. I read them I've never understood the so called advantages of dynamic typing. To me it looks like a land mine in one's project waiting to blow at run time. And what for? Do developers code so fast that the time spent on typing something like "int i" will provide any real savings? Now vendors are trying to patch those with bolted on top syntax extensions/derived languages that need to be transpiled. What a mess. This logic transpiles(TM) to this in my brain: a) I am messing around and need to write 10 lines of code. Can I write it fast and without thinking? Sure and not needing to type int/float/whatever will save me couple of seconds. If I iterate and rewrite that short piece 10 times then I just saved 20 seconds. Chirp chirp ... . Do I need special language for just that? Lemme guess ... b) I am messing around and need to write few hundred or thousands lines of code. Can I write it fast? Maybe but it is likely that good chunk of time will be spent thinking. I doubt that at this point not declaring type will save anything worth noticing. But that of course is my opinion Depending on library used it can actually be the same amount of lines. The lines are a bit longer of course. Example auto obj = JSON(text); int age = obj.["persons"][3]["age"]; It is not in my opinion. With modern development tools/frameworks providing memory leaks detection I have completely forgotten when was the last time that my programs leaked memory. And I write complex high performance game servers that run for months non stop. You just have to acquire certain culture/behavior when writing code. I did not have time to really look at it but if at some point they will accomplish everything in their roadmap it will be one heck of a development tool. Love it. for c/c++ I use Visual Leak Detector and Valgrind. For Delphi/FreePascal/Lazarus there are built-in tools and also MadExcept . Behavior/patterns are different depending on task/language but generally when writing code if I want to allocate anything I first write deallocation code. Oh sweet memories I have created almost identical implementation of this as an embeddable library in a year 2000 along with proprietary SQL language. The reason was that my client had inventory of products with some crazy amount of attributes and each product can have its own set and the client kept changing, creating, deleting those. It was in memory but with persistence and atomic transactions. No history though. It was blindingly fast on complex queries. And the schema of the database was kept as a set of entities with some predefined names, values and range of id's . For a while I was contemplating releasing it as a standalone product but as I had enough tasks on my plate decided not to do it. Kinda feel sorry now ;( So all in all very close by idea. Couple of times I saw programs written in Russian versions of Basic and some other, forgot which one. Never mind programming even trying to understand it blew my brains out. Russian being my native language I could never imagine writing software in it. I also have the same feelings about the songs as you just described. So all in all completely agree with you. "...Scientists writing open-source software often lack formal training in software engineering, which means that they might never have learnt best practices for code documentation and testing..." This is the most ridiculous statement. I had chance to work in either environment. Having that experience for the quality of the end result I will take scientist (preferably physicist or mathematician) with self taught software development skills over formally trained agile guru any time. Of course there are exceptions but ... I was talking about scientists who switched from science to writing software as a product for whatever reason. They surely produce good docs (properly documenting their work is the very basis of being scientist). As for writing imperative code in C/C++/Whatever other language they seem to choose: nothing is wrong with that. Again, from my experience university educated scientists are better educated and as a result could better understand the actual problems needed to be solved and find very good and practical ways to accomplish it. As for what goes for "formal training" in modern colleges. Well I better not go there. "...It's talking about scientists that did NOT switch to writing software as a product, but as merely a way to accomplish their primary scientific goals. ..." Sure, for this they would do what is just enough to solve their specific problem. Just as ANY sound business would do. Imperative programming and components are 2 different things. The latter could be implemented with numerous approaches including imperative programming Exactly my thoughts. "Agile is not science-based, it is an ad hoc bag of techniques that seem to have merit" Each participant of "Agile" development should have this hung on their work place. It is even cooler when one considers how much those eGPU enclosures cost, never mind lack of nVidia support on those. So you say that as long as you kill foreigners it is ok comparatively to state killing their own? "So how come we got this smartphone crap, instead of actual portable computers that could, among other things, work as cellphones" I think because they care about milking users, not about them being creative. I myself is very disappointed about what smartphone could've been for people and what it actually is. It is an unsavory set of questions that has no bearing on practical work, also implementation dependent. The answer is: No, I do not know C or any other language for that matter. I know some implementations of various languages just enough to write sound and readable code. And as I forced to use a bit more languages than I like I rely on local/Internet search to keep my brains concentrated on accomplishing the actual task rather then effing them up trying to figure out some esoteric constructs. Not to worry. Dev community will quickly release new and shiny interpreter of interpreter. That'll take care of performance gains ;) While I do not care about / immune to FB, Twitter, etc etc, I liked the first comment I saw on that page: "I really don’t need Woz or anyone else telling me what I need to do!" I might be naive but I do admire what he did to save his employees held hostage in Iran. Why should not they mix ? I now mostly work on high level code (C++, Python, Delphi/FreePascal/Javascript/etc ). But every once in a while fun project comes in. For example I had no problem creating 4 quadrant torque driven 3 phase AC motor controller using AT90USB1286 microcontroller from Atmel. Granted I did not use assembly for programming as plain C was good enough. Or police light flashing pattern controller on PIC32MX795. Fun fun fun ;) Ok. At some point in the future the browser/wasm will have won. So instead of Linux/Windows/OSX we will have Firefox/Safari/Chrome/Whatever all with their own implementation gotchas, missing features and performance loss. All for the sake of browser vendors trying to displace the existing native deployment platforms. They sure have nice financial incentive. Why do we - developers fall into this trap? We've been there quite a few times already, with cross platform standards. No matter what vendors will fsck'em up with proprietary things. I am partially an ISV and we provide pure native application for Windows at the moment. No UWP/.NET/APP_STORE/WHATEVER . It is digitally signed and distributed by downloading from our web site. So far no problem. Since we've been in business a number of years there are no any browser/OS/Antivirus level warning boxed during downloading and installation. There is no free lunch in this universe. For big applications like CAD there will be nothing "instant" for in case of deployment as web apps. Downloading native packed archive and running install may actually be faster. Yeah, right. Compilers do not deal with the difference in presence / absence and different implementations of various features on different platforms, be it native OS or Browser OS. "...Last but not least, web developers are the biggest pool to hire from..." For boiler plate business web apps sure. And while those are probably being prevalent the world does not stop there. "yes, this is way forward." - I don't think so I am not sure about "most people" but I use fair number of applications (not including software development tools here as they do not pass"most people" criteria ) and none of those are streamed. Every time I try anything web based, online Tetris excepted ;) it sucks one or the other way "Companies are running webapps on embedded devices now" - sure my router and some of my own private hardware have web interfaces. It is however just a tiny bit of their functionality. The rest leaves happily as native code. I think the way forward is to stop worry too much. Like you really gonna be worrying running "flight simulator". I think it is a FUD designed mostly to support big and cloudy providers. Those are the real entities one should worry about. They spy 24x7 . Why? I've had that clean painless install on Windows like forever. My installs are always a single executable that copies itself to a proper place, gets any data if needed from company website and when uninstalled leaves no trace on a system. Never touched registry. There is nothing here that calls for "starting from scratch" And by then you will have discovered that your software can not do this and that after being relegated to a lowest common denominator state. I would disagree I have used many. PowerBuilder is absolutely atrocious. Delphi is brilliant and there is a whole range in between. I do not mind creating GUI in code either for applications that work with GPU but would still prefer Delphi like environment, I do. Not necessarily because of dick space but because this bloat on applications with rather limited functionality usually comes with being memory hog, sluggishness and otherwise unpleasant experience. This question was asked numerous times on every bike/trainer related discussion board. They handle just fine. I have my carbon bike on a trainer like 5 years already every winter and part of spring I have this nasty feeling that for the scale mentioned the whole logic can be safely run on a single high performance server with the decent database. Those little servers around can either run on the same server or placed on separate server/s around the main one. All nice and simple and no distributed transaction problems. Maybe it is "incredibly expensive", can't argue with this. Have hot standby database servers then located elsewhere. Still way simpler Leave it alone. It is perfect. ;) LOL. I would just call it common sense. ;) I am curious how modern architects would approach the situation I really feel for those who fall victim of this huge companies that under various disguises trying to get full control of people's lives and business. I am lucky that so far I have managed to avoid all this walled garden madness. All of my products so far are either desktop based or browser based and servers are hosted on my own/rented hardware, no cloudy stuff. Other than paying for security certificates every now and then I have no interaction with the "authorities of the Internet" Frankly I do not understand why do people submit to this kind of stewardship To be fair they bring a boatloads of innovation. It is how said innovations are being used. As for "their day will come": so far I only see the opposite. That "your life as a service" pattern spreads like a cancer. Not sure why people are buying into it.