LOL As if Apple is the root of all problems. As if Foxconn only manufacture products from Apple. As if people are FORCED to work in those conditions. As if they DONT have a choice of not working there. And i am sorry peeps, what happen if Apple suddenly decide to double pay Foxconn? What happens if EVERYONE double pay them? Would those people get double their salary? And it is great that Foxconn are now considering using Advance robotics instead, more people Jobless, more people suffer. Oh, and i forgot, American has once been through this stage as well, and looking from the web it is obvious they dont teach history there. Late to the Discussions, but i am surprise no one has mentioned atmail -www.atmail.com They have a cloud solution too. Personally i think this is the best email services. In the end it is about trust. Sometimes i just wish ISP would provide better DNS services. Well at least it is some great idea to look into. Although M$ has a habit of copying other people's idea and make it WORST. Another day to go before Windows 8 CP. I thought i was the only one who see this. Why haven't the blog been updated to something much more useful? Could someone care to expand and explain more on this? 1.They aren't really cash, they are cash equivalent. And it is interesting for other company, Newspaper only signal out what is really "cash" and leave those "cash equivalent" like bonds as separate thing. 2. Apple likes to have some money in the bank, so they dont need to borrow on anything. 3. Over 60% of its co called cash are overseas. Which means they cant really do anything with it. 4. The other 40%, are used for operational cost, paying big in front for favorable price, R&D, and even acquiring companies. 5. Apple has LOTS of High Profile Stores. Those Stores are long terms liabilities, and they do cost a bit operate. In the case of another huge economy downturn, those cash are what makes them stay afloat. I was actually wondering what happens if Apple do have 100B to buy into bonds or what ever, that is 2B a year of interest coming from it. I thought of the same as well, would really like some constructive discussion on the differences. Just a few things about not only a language barrier, but more importantly a culture barrier. Language Barrier is easier to break. Then there is the obvious, IRC always tends to get lots of slang and jokes, that even Brits from UK wouldn't get what that US American are laughing about. And this put off a lot of Eastern Developers. P.S - Nice to know DS read HN. I read a paper about it recently, and it states while everything is good, it will still takes years of research and development, trial and testing before it moves into deployment stage. So unless someone with many BILLIONS decide to tackle the problem, the time it takes Thorium to get traction making it not really an alternative ATM. We know this for a long time. Few years down the road in sub 10nm, we will reach the era where we cant shrink transistor endlessly. The problem with chip stacking on die is how to get rid of the heat passing through each layer. Stacking in itself has proven to be feasible by the Memory Cube. Where Heat isn't much of a concern. I wonder if Github will offer anything similar? Or will 37signal and GitHub merge one day? It will still take time to build Bring in new customers who are using Hipchat Bring in new talent. Half of your dev team uses IE o.O ?? JD is very good, but sorry to say he is not even close to being next SJ. I was guessing it would be GitHub. Buying Back Stocks or Dividend doesn't do any good for Apple, Apart from its shareholders. I am thinking on Worldwide Data Carrier Network. But Apple doesn't own ANY frequency spectrum. And there isn't a single worldwide common Whitespace for them to use. Buying Intel isn't out of reach. You only need 51% of Intel Stocks. And Apple can afford that. IT fits them in many ways. And i think Intel is pretty cheap for its price in terms of investment. Although i doubt that is realistically possible. That is another part i like about Server Side Rendering. You have much more control. Rendering Web Page would work well with your 1Ghz Machine. Email From Mediatemple, (mt) mail, which itself is based on Atmail You could get a Cloud Based version of Atmail from atmailcloud.com/ I think they are really expensive. I still found it hard to believe no one could beat the price on StormOnDemand.... I am still skeptical..... because of how good they sound and how cheap they are. And Yet no one mention them ANY where. For example HPcloud bandwidth is 3x the price. And HPcloud does not even offer Regional Hosting like AWS does. They only good thing i see is Akamai CDN. I hope they will offer DNS from Akamai as well. P.S - I am not in anyway connected to LiquidWeb / StormOnDemand. Is making those compiler features simple and easy? I was wondering why Rails.app need $25,000 while this is like half the price. I have no idea about broad meetings, how many % do you need in meetings to make such a move? I was under the assumption you only need over 50%, which he has already. Or is it different US? Why the heck are they making an Old, soon to be unused Ruby 1.8.3 as ISO standard. They should be thinking about 2.0 instead. But LuaJIT 2 is insanely fast, even the Heavy / Fast Ruby isn't even anywhere near its speed. So why would one choose mRuby over Lua? I am not sure if anyone on HN know what is Line. Since US / EU uses Whatsapp. Can you really just bring back the whole Asteroid? I mean without even knowing what exactly is inside and extraterrestrial hazard? But As somebody pointed out the operation cost does not yet make this feasible. The RAW materials inside are priced by supply and demand. While the cost of mining is pretty much fixed for a long period of time. Apple are great in many areas and things but absolutely poor in Internet services. They need to seriously overhaul that software department. I was going to ask, is this something new for CDN or do others like Akamai and EdgeCast offers something similar? Same thoughts here. I could never understand why anyone would go with AWS EC2. It is expensive and slow. You could get much better deals from other dedicated providers or cloud providers. Route53 is ok and improving although i would still recommend DNSmadeeasy. Interesting, according to the stats, if you have = sign done with out the shift it would have saved another 20% of the keystrokes. " Prompted by the occasion rather than being planned in advance" So what's wrong with it? Apart from Tax, there is also the problem with fluctuation of exchange rate. Then there are operating cost and other sorts of things. There is still quite a margin, but same type of Electronics devices would have cost more in UK compare to US even without the tax difference. So it is not really a Apple thing at all. Since you manage to survive using shared host, your proberly dont need a "best" host as most of the host ( VPS ) will be good enough for you. Check out Linode or Dediserve. May be Intel has paid them to publish these numbers? Otherwise I have no idea why they are stupid enough to post it on the net. I think the Design is good on first sight but doesn't carry over with time. It is the excitement in graphics but little in design philosophy. Compare to Android 4.0 and Apple. I have similar concern as well. Is there any way to use Cloudflare with other DNS like DNS Made Easy? Really? Well may be they are for the big boys, none of the commonly used CDN advertise it, All Hosting providers reselling Level 3, Akamai, EdgeCast, NetDNA or even Amazon Cloudfront dont show it either. I wonder why these aren't available to normal users. Opus, A lot better, it is a rather strange beast that it nearly manage to outperform in every category. With a bit more tuning work for a year or two it could properly be on the same level with AAC @ 256Kbps. And Holy Fxxk that is some awesome Hardcore Video and Audio hacker discussion. Great Stuff!!!! I could understand reasons for their support for VP8. But "superior quality" is definitely not a strength on VP8 side. Being in Patents Pools doesn't mean they dont need to pay licensing. It just means they are on both paying and receiving ends. Since there are thousands of patents on H.264, Apple are only recieiving a tiny amount compared to what they paid out. I wonder if anyone actually use the framework's built-in webserver for everything! Sounds Great and i wonder what happens in practice. Anyone know of any real world usage on this? On Pricing, I must be missing something because All EdgeCast, CDNetwork and Akamai Resellers are similarly priced. And unless you get to lots of traffics for the majority these Big CDN player wont even deal with us directly. Although with only 7 PoPs i could understand why you think it is overpriced. They tried with OpenGL 3, but then it took them years and the plan were scrapped. ( That is when Microsoft brings DirectX 9 to the table, which is well designed and much more usable then OpenGL ). They restarted development a few years ago to clean up the mess. The main reason why OpenGL did not get a restart were because of pressures from CAD and 3D Modelling Industry. True, I am hoping Ruby 2.0, and Rails 4.0 will improvement on those front. I completely agree. I can only imagine the whole thing turns into chaos. What about those with non Active Facebook account? Same Treatment? There is also SmartOS as well. Well i think he is referring to Smart DataCenter, which runs on Smart OS etc. This may be totally off topic. But Flickr? While the story may be true It seems to be another new marketing things under new management to generate more buzz.