How does the U.S. effort in Haiti compare to the U.S. effort in New Orleans? Let's say that I don't want to be safer, and choose to live dangerously. I have no interest in comparing the number of people injured in each. I am not looking at this stage for context. I want to have an absolute comparison - has the U.S. been better organised in their Haiti relief mission than in the New Orleans one. If so, why? Petzold's "Code". That is such a useful phrase. I'd hate to forget it. Here, could you write it down for me on the back of this postage stamp using this banana to write with? Thanks. No. Taking a Masters in maths with the Open University. Usually have at least one language on the go in evening classes. What of those who play for the love of the game? Those who think a good match is one in which everyone enjoyed themselves? Those for whom the score exists only as a by-product of what they see as the point - to have a good time? They're not competitive and they it more fun for everyone else. If that translates into their work, they'd surely be far better employees than hyper-competitives. Indeed. All we care about is the money. Perhaps it's just a bit of fun. I feel it should be pointed out that whilst what you say is probably an accurate depiction, it of course does not make it alright to murder non-combatants. That's not to say that this alleged video will show such things, of course. Just as a point of discussion, history indicates that within a war zone, professionally trained soldiers tend to do better than those relying on BASIC instinct. Isn't that true of everything ever recorded? What point are you making? It is easy for us, yes, but the topic at hand isn't how easy it is for us to watch footage. How easy it is for us to dissect it has no bearing whatsoever on the events themselves. Put another way, how difficult does it have to be for us to see what happened before it's acceptable for us to disagree with the actions taken? Edit: This is a fantastically unpopular comment! Is it my lack of respect for the "Thou shalt not Monday-morning quarterback, no matter how badly the quarterback screwed it up" commandment? :) "This article, IMHO, is written by someone who has no idea how things work just about anywhere that's not the industrialized West" Seems to have a pretty good idea how things work in a factory in China. At the risk of sounding trite and sliding into philosophy, how many people have to do something unacceptable before it becomes acceptable? Unemployed, with just enough to magically pay the rent. Honestly, it took about ten seconds to learn it was on the other side. Is it really that much trouble for people to adapt? It's been less than a day and I don't even notice it's on the other side any more. Yes, there's the argument that people should (and can) put it wherever they like, but seriously, within ten or so instances it's relearned. Ubuntu Linux is in danger of becoming the new windows. Time to move to Plan 9! I don't see that becoming mainstream for at least a year. I thought HN was a hangout for people wanting to start their own business. Edit: Yikes. I guess the truth hurts. :) "If change were always a good thing, and temporary uncomfort good - do you mind if I borrow that office chair of yours and replace it with a different one? If you're still bored, there's this French-layout keyboard I could give you. And - no, don't use it with UK/US layout, that would be boring." These are not good examples. I just use whichever chair is closest to where I want to sit when I want to sit, and I switch between dvorak and qwerty more than once a day without even noticing any more. Likewise, I anticipate, whichever side the close button is on. These are utterly inconsequential changes. I'd be willing to bet that the time I would save each day by having the close button more often nearer to where the mouse pointer is when I need to close a window is swallowed up in a single digressive conversation lasting less than a few minutes. I tried to eat an apple but chipped my tooth on the monitor. A descriptive name doesn't necessarily make it so. DDT was a fantastic invention for combating malaria. Great invention, terrible application thereof. > it's pretty obvious Wikileaks has some biases, particularly anti-war Who exactly does not have an anti-war bias? Mass-murdering psychopaths? Insane dictators? Anyone who likes killing other people? I can't build (for example) a doomsday device that will eliminate all life on Earth. I still think I should be allowed to disagree with the building of one. Alright, let's ignore research because it complicates the matter. Correct doomsday device scenario to "I've never carried out genocide, but I still think I should be able to disagree with it." It's been a decade and I'm still paying (although I didn't have to start paying them back until about 3 years after leaving university). Since I studied in the UK, my student loan on leaving (after 4 years) was around 8500 UKP (I was in the last entry year that didn't pay fees), which is a pittance compared to what some of you chaps ending up borrowing. I can't help but think that if you don't know where to start (different from having too many places to start), you don't need to. If you need it, there should be something obvious - some programme that really needs to be written, and simply must run on such-and-such a system, and that will inform you on what to learn. "What, objectively, is so much better and easier under Linux? Note, we're talking dev machine here, and not deployment serv" Tool chaining. For me, the ease with which I can bang out scripts and makefiles and have the tools easily check out versioned code from rcs/svn and that I can pipe and redirect and have a host of efficient tools like grep and nm and objdump and more, and they all work together piping and redirecting to make exactly what I want in so many easily altered configurations. Release and debug and partial debug and static-checking build and more, with all the makefiles just text - so easy to alter and tweak and copy and share (and even have them configure on the fly, reading the output from the compilation and rerunning with extra warnings or debug symbols) and have them run commands themselves like sending eMails to everyone who is listed as an interested party on the source controlled spec list, and so much more. Valgrind is so useful that if I have to develop on a Win32 machine I get a version of it going under MinGw, and sometimes I run a Win32 debug under Wine on Linux so I can use Valgrind on it. I sound like the biggest *nix dev env fanboy ever. Do I mean under MinGW? I forget. Maybe I never got that to work and that's why I use Wine under Lin. Which of those two styles is being presented as superior? "He is also quite strict about being hard sci-fi (no faster than light travel for example)." Or rather, it was tried (in the Revelation Space series) but did not work out well... Checking my command history, grep comes out on top. Yes, I have never seen anyone ignore someone else. I've got an idea. How about if you want a presence on the web, you have this website that you control with whatever data and pictures you want on it? Coders can develop things we'll call content management systems to make it a bit easier for you to put your data on there if you don't want to do it all yourself, and since you'll control it, you can add whatever tools and automation and widgets and the like. It must be about time for TechCrunch to hyperbolically declare the death of Firefox, then. If sexual abuse and rape of children is the price to pay for national security, is that price worth paying? Because the role of the government in an allegedly free market is not to boost or squelch specific businesses. That's what happens in planned economies such as the old Soviet Union. The government already discourages some kinds of business through the creation and enforcement of laws. Going beyond that is not the action of "the government", but can only be the action of individuals within the government abusing power to pursue their own beliefs and agenda. No no, "Nej" means no. :) Let go your preconceptions; cause and effect, this "trigger" of which you speak, is an idea you have built living in this universe with these physical characteristics. "where performance is important" Really? I'm so out of touch. I always put Java down as something to use when performance wasn't important. Maybe I'm going insane and what's on my monitor is not what I'm reading inside my head, but I just spend a few minutes going through their compatibility checker and they don't list a single phone that it's compatible with. Just a whole bunch of unsupported phones. http://wakemate.com/compatibility/ And genocide. Genocide is more wrong too! You've incorrectly used an apostrophe there, chum. Does it? Exactly which dictionary did you literally find that in? Do you even know what the word "literally" means? I'm a fair man; let's do some checking. Here's one: http://www.macmillandictionary.com/dictionary/american/prote... "an illegal system in which criminals threaten to harm you or your property if you do not give them money" How strange; it's not remote close to what you literally read as a dictionary definition. I've checked other dictionaries too; same story. Here's an idea; why not open up this magical dictionary you have and see what it says under the word "literally". So there's someone who knows how the locks on your building can be picked, and then offers to tell you how to fix it so they can't? That doesn't sound like extortion. It sounds like someone being helpful. In case you struggle to draw the analogy here, in this case we have Geohot, who knows a lot about how to do something Sony really want to do, offering to help them do it. That's not extortion. If you call that extortion, then presumably when the fire department sends out leaflets on how to prevent fires, you call that extortion too. "If you and I are neighbors and we agree that you I will pay you 250$ a month to not park you car in front of my house (while you legally have a right to do so), should that not be allowed?" I don't know how it works elsewhere, but in the UK there are a number of legal rights that cannot be signed away. For example, tenancy agreements with illegal clauses are simply enforceable for those clauses, whether it's signed or not. Another example; one cannot consent to Grievous Bodily Harm, even if you really want to (this one was taken all the way through the legal system when someone consented to having a nail hammered through a rather sensitive part of his body). Simply not true. Laughably so. Listen to yourself. You're telling people not to invest because they'll only do well out of it rather than doing very well out of it. People were saying the same thing about gold two years ago and one year ago. Would this be better labelled "Why web programmers need to learn JavaScript"? An awful lot of programmers will never need to touch any JavaScript. "More men are not needed in childcare/teaching because women are naturally - from birth - better at the type of empathy and communication that is required in those fields." If you empathise with someone, it is harder to cause them discomfort because it causes you discomfort also. Thus, someone with lesser empathy would be better at discipling children. "I disagree that men are better at disciplining children than women are." You can't have it both ways, Sarkozy. Which is it? I always thought OO was a design philosophy rather than a set of tick boxes that a programming language/notation must provide. Design in OO, code in whatever you like, but note that some programming languages make it easier than others. Obviously my interpretation is no more authoritative than anyone else's :(