Because it helps them: most of the IE suckage comes from needing to support IE along with the real browsers, which is proportionally a bigger cost for a smaller competitor than them. IE being so much slower than everything else also helps keep the idea that web apps must be slower than desktop apps alive. "The" library is which ever squirrelly database, file format, app, etc. your next project needs to talk to which doesn't have bindings for your favorite language. You compromise on Java to avoid writing that by hand and use a JVM language to avoid the pain of actually using Java. I've heard Air as the most common drawback for Tweetdeck - the low-quality text rendering, non-standard widgets, etc. scream "non-native app" and the install process is certainly a lot harder if you don't already have Air installed. Granted, I tend to hang out with geeks and Mac-using designers but I'm not sure that the general public is more likely to install a runtime before installing the application they wanted to try. No - it crashes less than once a month on my system and I'm using the excellent Ack in Project mentioned by others instead of the built-in search. The Project Plus bundle also gives a nice for large projects but in general Ack is the only one I consider necessary. I think you might be overstating this a bit: browsers definitely had gzip support back in the stone-age (I actually implemented this by hand in 2000 or so) but for slightly shorter values of "long, long ago" it's also been the case that the necessary UA checks were well-known even if your default Apache config didn't already include them. JS/CSS, however, I agree completely on - it's a good deployment step but minification is quite the nuisance for debugging and it's less critical if you've configured your server to set proper Expires/Cache-Control headers. Apple would be fine, just as a web hosting company is fine if someone puts illegal content up. They'd have to make it clear that they are not the content producer and respond quickly when a legal complaint is received but it's not as if this is uncharted legal territory. It doesn't seem like the author has much experience with security, which is what you'd expect from a technical marketing manager - it sounds reasonable but the real goal is convincing you to buy Ronco spray-on-security appliances. Log files have never been intended as a security measure in the same way as a firewall, but it's naive to claim that they don't improve security. The concept the author is missing is that security is a process, not a software feature. Log files address several key parts of the security process: 1. Damage containment: if someone does compromise a system, logs are your way to catch that as early as possible - the difference between, say, someone at your bank getting malware and their authorization credentials being stolen. Identifying failures can be done close to real-time so it's realistic to be able to do things like quarantine desktops which suddenly acting like botnet nodes. 2. Verifying normal functionality: things like security updates being installed and services restarted, whether your admins are following correct policy, etc. This stuff matters a lot in any large-scale environment and while you can get a lot using a security scanner, logging is faster, safer and easier in many situations. 3. Identify anomalous behaviour: the classic example is adding firewall rules to drop traffic from hosts which attempt noisy attacks but this can also apply to things like banks notifying their customers that their browser is outdated, showing signs of being compromised, etc. Having actual data makes many security decisions a LOT easier. If you want the lowest common quality video, yes. Flash video performance and quality are noticeably lower, though, so it really doesn't scale well beyond YouTube-level video. In practice, widely deployed beat better quality handily. Perhaps, but unless he signed an NDA or something it's actually pretty hard for the bank. US copyright law gives an implicit license to the recipient - and data cannot be copyrighted so reformatting would actually make that difficult. All, of course, modulo the bank's success in making it expense enough to get their way without a decisive legal position. This is the big part of Microsoft's Vista problem: without software which uses the many system-level improvements, users don't see a benefit. As long as developers are targeting XP that's not going to change - it'd probably be worth it for them simply to give away free 7 upgrades at this point just to boost demand. This is very easy to say, as someone privileged enough not to be affected by the issue, and you're making an insane leap to say that criticizing routine discrimination "is how wars start" or somehow imply that it leads to banning gay marriage. It looks like you're missing the difference between suggestion and coercion and, as far as "making others' way of life into the literary Other" goes, well, I think a great way to do that is to assume that everyone is choosing to engage in sexism rather than uncritically going along with the status quo. Other people still have problems even if you refuse to acknowledge them - and your position in life does matter simply because you've never been forced to acknowledge those problems' existence. > Don't you see that, "Women find stripping offensive, it drives them away, don't let that happen" is the same thing as "We find homosexuality offensive, we can't let that happen"? Well, sure, if you misrepresent the problem your argument looks better. Our argument is quite simple: don't demean people. Demeaning women? Bad. Demeaning gay people? Bad. Getting upset about the inability to use your religion as a justification to demean people? Tough luck. > You're assuming that the woman there are offput by the 'strippers,' and that's why they weren't attending the conference. I'm merely pointing out that that may not be the case at all. Note that no one here is saying Yahoo should be shut down, hack day stopped, etc. The only thing people are saying is that there should be a clear message that this behaviour is wrong - and that we should be encouraging everyone to recognize and refuse to participate in it. Conference strippers aren't the only reason why the gender ratios are unequal but the attitude has gone a long way towards making our field unattractive to anyone who doesn't fit a rather unenviable stereotype. Given the large number of blog, wiki and CMS engines which use the same cargo-cult security idea, it's probably considerably higher than 10%. If you're getting paid to harvest addresses, wouldn't you write a single regexp to increase the number of good addresses? There's no need to create a player; as far as the creator goes, Adobe's already released the free mxlmlc so you could simply generate ActionScript and let them compile it. The question I'd ask is whether DNS is the right place for a CDN - in some ways it seems like that should either happen at the routing level (e.g. anycast) or at the application level (e.g. http redirects to user-appropriate servers) depending on the service. "North America" includes more than the United States: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_America I'd be surprised if the answer wasn't latency - this kind of server load would be easy to scale with their engineering resources and they're big on the competitive advantage of user-perceived performance. Under this definition, what happens when Theora gets enough acceptance that one of the major patent holders investigates and determines that it incorporates something they've patented - do we suddenly start calling it proprietary or do we describe it the same way we would describe H.264: "open [or closed] source implementation of a standard algorithm which has patent restrictions in some countries" I think that's a big argument for something like jQuery which takes care not to declare tons of globals or extend base classes. If the change doesn't use jQuery.noConflict() it probably should if for no reason other than avoiding any possibility of confusion when someone sees $() in code. As for extensive customizations, how much additional concern does this add? It seems unlikely that those people aren't also using admin hacks to work around the areas which didn't used to be user-serviceable so they're probably going to need to be careful about upgrades for many other reasons. This at least gives a consistent baseline and widely-used extension mechanism for future work. YouTube was't an attractive target before Google bought them (no money). Now they are but they're using H.264 and presumably a full licensed toolchain for it, defended by a lot of industry players in addition to Google's deep pockets. I hope that the VP3 heritage is truly patent free but right now it's hard to say anything is patent-safe given the wretched state of our industry. Theora, in contrast, is not defended by anyone powerful and thus far hasn't been worth going after; if it starts to get accepted I'd be surprised if one of the trolls didn't try for danegeld. Speaking of which, if you're Python savvy and want a job in the DC area either sysadmining a large Trac install or developing (mostly) Django sites we're hiring right now: https://www.indyneinc.com/employment/Employment/tabid/54/Pag... https://www.indyneinc.com/employment/Employment/tabid/54/Pag... Definitely: I stopped contributing (content and money) to Wikipedia after non-notable deletions ~2006 took out most of my contributions. At the time it was noted that it was easier to list a porn star (anything with a major distributor was automatically considered notable) than an academic who hadn't managed to get a real dead-tree newspaper article written about them (journals, awards, etc. didn't count as much as 2 paragraphs in USA Today). I hope that's changed since then but it definitely killed any interest I had in contributing more time for a uninterested editor to discard without comment. Kind of amusing given the extreme old-media bias they have for a web-based project: want to bet that a post on an NYT blog would count? Do you have top sites enabled? That's a comically inept botch (loading a 300MB image pack?) but with it disabled the difference versus Chrome is pretty minimal - it's mostly down to Chrome's ability to segregate CPU-hungry apps at that point. There are enough ugly apps on the app store that I find this argument unconvincing even if you accept the premise that this is reasonably Apple's job rather than customers choosing what to buy. This varies widely but our website code is definitely owned by NASA - they even run the version control system to make sure that other contractors don't "forget" to give it to them. We[1] have more text, a bigger video and other pictures here, too: http://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2010/21... [1] Speaking as one of the site developers, not to take credit from the scientists This already happens every day when the blame is passed through to Oracle, Gartner, etc. without any acknowledgement of the fact that, bad as the software truly is, it was selected and purchased at great cost and [usually] considerable delay by the people disclaiming responsibility. In other words, this will only be a fatal flaw if the business customers stop giving IT departments a free pass for being bad at technology. Just got around to watching it on Netflix a few weeks ago - the first movie in awhile which has kept us up talking about for nearly as long as it takes to watch. Highly recommended. If Microsoft were serious about this they'd have released a ChromeFrame-style compatibility mode when IE8 came out which would allow admins to use group policy[1] to load the old rendering engine for poorly supported (i.e. all) enterprise webapps and use the modern engine everywhere else. This is the same approach which will be necessary to address endemic security and reliability failures caused by bad architectural choices made for single-user desktops in the 90s. Since they finally shipped MED-V I suspect they'll probably use that approach and tell corporate customers that the only way to continue running IE6 is in an XP VM with some sort of on-demand launch scheme. 1. Setting an HTTP header would be easier but seems likely to allow phishers to opt-in to security holes and there's an argument that pushing the support cost off to app owners is better any way. Wouldn't it be better to exclude those requests from your stats rather than punishing your users for your choice of log analysis software? Release cycles matter: just randomly clicking through the tests, most of the reported failures for Safari or Chrome already work using WebKit or Chromium dev channel - both of which are likely to make it into official releases before IE9 comes out. This was never more than a minor delaying tactic: spammers have been capable of running JS for a long time (harvesters embedding IE via ActiveX have been around for at least a decade) but there hasn't been much pressure to do this since they still got billions of addresses which weren't obfuscated or were obtained by other means. I'll also note that I've never obfuscated my email address (chris@improbable.org) and spam arrived in roughly equal volumes there and to less public addresses which were guessable (except for test accounts created with MD5 hashes[1]). People do harvest addresses from web pages but there are enough other ways spammers get addresses that you need a robust filter in any case; once you have something like SpamAssassin or Google's filters, the value of keeping your address private disappears. [1] That also yielded the interesting datapoint that hotmail used to sell addresses to spammers in early last decade as the first spam arrived within 20 minutes to a long, random address created with the "don't publish my info" option. If you run their code in any way you're already giving them control of your system. Even if you're one of the vanishingly small number of people who use a separate admin account they're getting full control of your account if they want it. Installing a repo & apt key is a good sign that they're playing by the rules rather than trying something sneaky. There's a distinction to be made between preventing risky behaviour and relying only on a programmer's good judgement to avoid mistakes. Even if your team is solely good programmers there's a lot to be said for discouraging unsafe behaviour by default since anyone can have a bad day, distraction, etc. I view this situation as somewhat analogous to having guards on power tools: even a highly skilled operator doesn't want to rely on always doing something perfectly. After fixing that, I ran into an even more surprising error which someone had already reported - turns out a simple JavaScript closure chokes it: (function() {})(); http://code.google.com/p/closure-linter/issues/detail?id=3 I've also never seen a project where the templating engine was a noticeable part of performance. I did see one where the decision was made to switch to Jinja2 which brought a huge amount of work duplicating a bunch of existing Django template tags – which didn't make much of a difference in the face of the 8,000 database queries needed to generate a page. Even when iTunes was OS X only it felt awkward and unlike most other OS X programs. The problem is that they bought an OS 9 MP3 player (SoundJam) and have been hacking at it for years without doing the rewrite needed to get things like platform-standard UI, non-blocking I/O, etc. Any time you see a modal dialog, remember it started out on an OS which barely multitasked. Cross platform isn't an issue - Windows has equivalents for every single thing on your list, whether native or something they already ship like Apple Software Update. As far as package management goes, the problem here is that Apple simply does not care. The Mac sysadmin community has been asking for better solutions for years but it's just not a priority for Apple - even App Store updates, which theoretically are more important, have been broken[1] for something like the last 4 major iTunes releases but since it's merely clumsy and doesn't prevent sales it obviously hasn't been as important as a new version of some non-standard window controls. [1] The process is now: click on Apps. Click on "Get Updates". Click on "Get All Updates". Wait. Dismiss erroneous "The information on this page is outdated and must be refreshed" dialog. Click on Apps. Click on "Get Updates". Click on "Get All Updates". This from a UI powerhouse? The phone almost gets it right except for the gratuitous password nag. A great example of begging the question. The basic assumption is that Google's UIs are unpopular without any evidence that this is true; given the wide popularity among the people I know (even the designers) I think it'd be more accurate to say that Google is successfully producing clean, functional designs and not even attempting web design contest entries. UI is more than looking pretty - gmail is popular because it stays out of the way and lets you focus on content, which it handles quite well; in contrast, iTunes increasingly feels like a train-wreck because they swap icons without fixing any of the quirky behaviours and non-standard interface conventions which users must memorize. It was also a confusing comparison because a UI for managing a tightly-curated, highly-structured list containing on average a few thousand items pre-selected by the user isn't obviously relevant to arbitrarily searching across billions of unknown items. It'd be cool the feature which does that in iPhoto and Aperture worked better - it's not bad, and the Facebook integration is nice, but it's definitely still more work than it could be. It also has no real support, even at the enterprise level[1]. At MacWorld 2009, the entire Mac IT speakers track agreed that their best move had been switching all of their servers to Linux, hands-down, simply because Apple isn't interested in being a serious player in the server space. If you're a small design shop, yeah, an XServe is probably going to be fine but if your needs are any more serious this is a lot of risk to take for generally more expensive servers. [1] Simple example: 10.5.2 broke NFS permissions so non-owners could not write to files. The phone support could do nothing about this and we had two choices: wait months for the next fix, patch darwin ourselves and run with a custom kernel (i.e. completely unsupported), or use a different server. The situation's not much better on the hardware side. I'd be very curious in seeing a comparison with JPEG-XR, which has a number of nice advantages for photography. It's great for learning and playing with algorithms, particularly since you would save so much time which would otherwise be consumed with low-level details that you'd have a much better understanding of the overall program function when the time came to optimize. There's a real forest-for-the-trees problem optimizing something like C first. Alternately, if Microsoft had consulted with designers and users, and been less hostile to the concept of standards those features would actually have been used. At the time, however, they were in full strangulation mode and things like directly porting truly horrid Windows APIs (all DirectX features, drag and drop, rich text editing, etc.) was considered a feature because it made it much harder for anyone else to implement those for a competing browser or platform. The Web basically lost a decade thanks to browser vendors, particularly Microsoft, trying lock-in games. The OSS browsers are the only thing which saved it since none of the old corporate players valued quality or performance as much as market-share (and, consequently, OS licenses or advertising). US banks are so far in the past security-wise that it'll take aeons for them to adopt something like OAuth; most of them haven't even managed things like using email or telephone calls responsibly. What end-user Java applications are there for OS X? The only one which comes to mind is Crashplan but I'm sure it's lurking around in other places. PIN length is the wrong area to focus on. The two questions to ask are whether they block failed guesses and require out of band confirmation for major actions like transferring funds. Oh, goodie, another Google service I can't use until it works with a Google Apps account. Looks like they really need to fix Google Profiles… I've done the same: I'm just shocked by how badly broken the google apps support still is (no profiles or youtube while logged in, even with multiple accounts enabled?), given that they have actual paying customers using google apps. But not anywhere near what we see: BeOS on my 1999-era system handily trumped Linux, Windows or Mac OS on 2010 hardware (non-SSD) when it came to interactive performance, solely because it had a better I/O scheduler. Back then, I could surf the web without being constantly reminded that I had Mozilla compiling & DV streaming off of a camera; today I'm regularly reminded that work is happening in the background. This isn't to say that there aren't real limits or that BeOS was perfect (far from it) but simply that there's considerable room for improvement before we start hitting theoretical limits.