There are already people cheating. I'm looking at you Anon #2340. That's okay, there's time to work on the shielding. 0.03 c is the most that can be feasibly achieved using top-end near future technology like dusty plasma fission fragment rockets. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fission-fragment_rocket This memo spends the entire time talking about the 'evil' al-qa'ida and how even if a US citizen joins them then legally they should get to kill them. It goes into deep detail about this scenario for a number of pages. But it skips over, in 5 lines at the very beginning, that it also applies to anyone they arbitrarily say are associated with al-qa'ida. No details about that. The important issue isn't the legal justification of some mythical US al-qa'ida as this document tries to stress. It's about the fact that they decide who is an 'associated group' they can also kill and that decision is secret and arbitrary. http://inertiawar.com/microcode/ provides a good background summary of microcode on AMD/Intel CPU in general. Here's a non-scribd link: http://www-users.cs.umn.edu/~jansen/papers/lira-ndss2013.pdf After reading the full text article I was surprised to find the protons from the aluminium foil/picosecond pulse interaction actually come from hydrocarbon impurities that were on the back surface of the foils. If they don't guard that hydrocarbon film on the back of the aluminium from the Boron-ionizing nanosecond pulse then they don't get protons. So that is why the second thinner aluminium film is there; to shield the impurity layer on the thick aluminium film. According to my tests (with many dongles of E4K and R820T tuners) it takes about ~50 milliseconds for everything to happen. Use keenerd's experimental branch for fast tuning with R820T tuners. I'm not sure the main branch has fixed the driver yet. My best guess is that something in libusb is slowing down the process which in theory should only take ~8 milliseconds. The cap is not the frightening bit of this announcement. That Comcast has declared they will MITM and hack user connections to all websites not using SSL is frightening. > ...we are fortunate enough to have an OptiTrack optical motion capture system in our lab. The 12 cameras capture at 100FPS, and the Motive software computes position and orientation... That part of it seems a bit less feasible for home use. This is one area where a native AR system like the CastAR wins. Okay, but does the baseband processor have direct memory access to the system RAM? If so, it is useless from a security standpoint. I accept that Russian bankers are getting away with various forms of theft and fraud. But so are the bankers in western countries like the USA and the UK (too big to prosecute). It is like this article's refrain of "In any other country,", "in most countries", etc is not only unaware of the same thing going on everywhere but intentionally ignoring it. This is a great comic. I just wish he had preserved the old format which was deep-linkable instead of switching to a "pretty" javascript interface. It's the magnetic field in the solar wind deflecting the charged cosmic rays. It is not a scattering effect from increased density. What is talked about here is the arrival of the high speed stream, but it is not the high speed stream itself. What is important is the momentum transfer from the high speed stream to the slow stream out in front of it. This builds up to a genuine shockwave by Mar's orbit but at earth it is just a smooth increase in dynamic pressure. There's a pile up of the "frozen-in" magnetic field at this co-rotating interaction region and that field's intensity deflects the cosmic rays (and other charged particles) from certain directions at certain distances. This is the pretty much the same mechanism as the Forbush decrease associated with coronal mass ejections. Lets put it this way: if you're anywhere you only have to melt snow a handful of days per year it is not worth it to have heating. Anywhere snow is seriously inconvenient this idea is silly. On some linux configurations flash 11.x doesn't seem to work with livestream. A handful of seconds play then it permanently buffers. One solution is to use the python program livestreamer ( http://livestreamer.tanuki.se/en/latest/index.html ) to play the stream in vlc. Probably, but I'll never know through this means because privacyinternational decided to rely on a javascript dependent page rendering. Now combine it with transcutaneous electrical stimulation on the inner ear. In the past (2000s) there were more than a few studies show this could control walking direction of blindfolded participants too. No. There's no mechanism of action. A tens of hertz a nanotesla magnetic field is not doing anything. It is not creating a significate potential anywhere, especially not the brain. The rate of change in the magnetic field is proportional to the induced voltage and here both the rate of change and field strength are tiny. Magnetic fields themselves have no effect. We are literally always surrounded by such insignificant fields. This paper is akin to someone claiming to be "electrosensitive". It's an extremely bold claim without the evidence to back it up. Finally a popular press article wanting that digs deeper than the old fables about dopamine. For more in-depth information Berridge has a big list of review articles: http://www.lsa.umich.edu/psych/research&labs/berridge/public... The most popular low end quadcopter, the Syma X5C, has this. The blades are flexible and stop almost instantly when obstructed. This is great for preventing breakage when you hit a tree. I've stuck my finger in there intentionally without even mild pain. If a $60 device has it I bet the multi-hundred and thousand dollar devices will not have trouble. Since they will be in low earth orbits the radiation effects will be significantly less than compared to geosynchronous satellites. They'll be well within the magnetosphere. As for atmospheric ionization: it won't be a problem at the multiple GHz frequencies of interest. That really only effects stuff well under 1 GHz. Skype becomes a problem for the US government. eBay buys Skype for the US government. eBay sells Skype. PayPal becomes a problem for the US government. eBay buys PayPal for the US government. eBay sells PayPal. This page will reliably kill X.Org X Server 1.7.6 regardless of the browser used to render it. This article seems to think being stopped by the police because of jogging is a thing of the past. I live in a state university town full of joggers but I've been stopped 3 times for my "suspicious" jogging just in the last year. I guess it's because I do it at weird times with normal clothing instead of the standard exercise uniform. They always say something along the lines of "I thought you were in trouble." to justify themselves. Well, they require me to identify myself (by name) and what I'm doing so it seems to me that the stated justifications are post-hoc. But no, I've never been detained for more than a couple minutes. Cargo pants and a t-shirt usually. Well, this is all terrible. They mention having to use the nightly or developers releases instead of their walled garden versions. But both of those are unstable and very crashy. And how likely are they to keep the unbranded version up and updated as time goes on? And getting rid of the entire firefox add-ons community is just insane. The add-ons are what makes firefox good. It's why people use Firefox. I guess if they just want us to use Chrome this series of changes will work great. Have you used it? After I heard about the changes coming down the line in 41 a week or so back I immediately downloaded it and started configuring it to be my new main browser. The only problem was that it crashed constantly. It's just anecdotal but my personal experience backs up what I've said here. That's true. But that isn't what most users care about regarding this change. Just look at these comment threads: users care about the power-user extensions being forced out. There's a definite drop of support. Firefox is dropping the add-ons that made it special. The title now is just spin. Tell it to NoScript. Your website now doesn't render text unless javascript is enabled. This is bad design. Stop it. You can do this kind of thing yourself with a $10 rtlsdr dvbt dongle, NMEA GPS, laptop and various software. The most commonly used is Eartoearoak's rtlsdr-scanner: http://eartoearoak.com/software/rtlsdr-scanner NW0W has also done a lot of work on mapping powerline interference with rtlsdr dongles in multiple blog posts. An older represenative example is at: http://blog.dxers.info/2015/01/driveby-system-live-on-road.h... tautology2 showed his visualization implementation + code over at: https://www.reddit.com/r/RTLSDR/comments/2hbjyt/gsm_heatmap_... They're all (except the detail thumbnails) initally loaded as a blank.png and then substituted in with javascript for absolutely no reason. That kind of thing gets me to close the tab real fast. Except he didn't sell drugs at all. He ran a marketplace. It might be just me but I can't figure out how to even start compiling this to test it out on linux. That said, I'm always happy to see alternatives to Festival TTS. Hopefully it'll become a bit more user friendly in time. Flite is not Festival. It is a very cut down version for embedded machines. If a US national security letter with a gag were used it wouldn't show up here. You seem to be certain that the people targeted are actually "officers in an insurgency". After reading "The Drone Papers." stories I don't think we can take that as a given. The issue here is not so much the invasive tracking and such. That's bad but it is private land. The issue is that millions of dollars of taxpayers' money is being used to pay for things on private land as if it were public. I used terraserver to manually download the entire tile set for my town (right click, save as). Then I laboriously used Photoshop 5 to align and remove the watermarks. It took an entire week but by the end I had a clean ~150 MB jpg that I could scroll around in as needed. Huh. It seems like the justice system has been as corrupt as it is currently for a long time. "Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site." Sorry but your website needs HTML for readers to care. Direct democracy is great but it has problems. Even though I'm a technical user and early bitcoin adopter I still don't understand enough about the protocol itself to decide between the proposed solutions to transaction rate scaling. So I just end up running, and implicitly supporting, the core client from my distro's repositories. Then implement them in a way that allows for graceful fall back to just text, etc. They should've gone with hydrogen peroxide based monopropellant linear actuators. Unfortunately Canonical has stopped putting that time and effort into the desktop OS and is instead concentrating on mobile/tablet "convergence". Just wait until 16 is released and they switch over the desktop repos to their in house package system for phones: Snappy. That said, existing Ubuntu releases that still use Debian style packages are what I'd recommend (and what I use) too. I understand why they are going walled garden. Non-technical users cannot be trusted to control their browser. But Mozilla should know if they do this then I, a technical user, won't use their browser. I am not an extension developer but it's a rare month when I don't find myself popping open an .xpi to make changes to the JS and HTML for personal aesthetics; or bugs only I have. Temporarily loading extensions is not a solution. They say they'll be producing an "unbranded" non-walled garden version that for technical users but no such build has been revealed yet. And if they do make it the unbranded version won't be in my OS repos. This walled garden, the addition of Adobe EME/DRM, the bundling of "Pocket", and the incoming drop of XUL based extensions are too much. "Chrome did it." isn't an excuse. It makes it worse, actually. Developer edition is "Aurora". Aurora is alpha. Alphas have more bugs. It's not reasonable to tell me to use an alpha. Yes. When Firefox first announced their plans for the walled garden back near FF37/38 I did as everyone said and tried Aurora. It crashed on me twice in as many hours. I'm pretty hard on browsers since I typically have 200+ tabs loaded. That never happens with final release versions.