I assume your estimates of how hard it is and how fast the Outlook team can develop are completely ex-recto. Here's some data. Outlook's last two major releases were in '03 and '06. In those 3 years they added the following visible features: - todo bar - better calendar UI - RSS aggregator - search [Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Outlook ] Xobni might be as useful and interesting as all those combined, and the Xobni team can deliver it today. The evidence suggests that Microsoft would take years to deliver something similar. Smith is is saying that customers can depend on businesses providing value out of their own self interest (in order to make money.) Graham is saying that as a business, you'll be most successful if you spend your energy trying to be good to your customers, rather than, say, trying to squeeze a little more money from them. Smith: greed => good service => profit & happy customers Graham: benevolence => wonderful service => happy customers & happy entrepreneurs & profit Very different ideas. Either electricity or gas is a small fraction of the cost of driving. Sporty tires: $800 / 20,000 miles = $0.04 mile Depreciation: $100,000 / 200,000 miles = $0.50 / mile Driver's time: $100/hr / 40miles/hr = $2.50 / mile The number of batteries is an interesting number: 6831. That's 9 * 11 * 23, an unusual number of large prime factors. One reference suggests that it's 11 groups of 9 series strings of 23 parallel cells. Somebody there likes prime numbers. I'm working on a big piece of software with numerical, real-time, and GTK components. It needs 230 packages installed using MacPorts. I have a 20-line script, mostly "port install XXX" which takes care of it all with no worries. And it's really nice that I can just rm -r /opt and do it again if I mess it up. I assumed #1 was top left, but which is #2? To the right or down? My guess is that you read down in columns. The pictures are misleading. For example, #2 for my name is a page about another guy with the same name, but with a picture of me that's not on that page. Very wrong. I was excited for a second to see that it thought I had an Erdos number of 2, but it was for someone else with the same last name. Not impossible. The limit is cooling air flow. If you blew air through a 4m x 4m radiator at 30 m/s, 43 megawatts would generate a 68 C temperature rise. Those sort of energy densities aren't strange. A hair dryer dissipates 1000 watts in, say, 10 x 8 x 6 cm. So a cube of hair dryers 2.7 meters on a side generates about 43 megawatts. I am doing research (on robotics) outside of universities and government funding channels. I contribute most of my time, and I fund supplies and several silicon valley salaries. You can't really compare effectiveness against a university. The real product of university research programs is researchers who then go on to build real things in industry. So while in the short term I'm more likely to produce useful robots than academia, they will have more long-term effect by graduating hundreds of smart people who go on to build useful things in industry. The real measure of universities isn't how many things are invented within their walls but how many things are invented by people who were shaped by their university experience. Most people in my company did graduate research, so their respective universities deserve some of the credit for whatever we invent. Going from 4 wheels to 2 is a good start. The next step is a commuter unicycle, like these: http://nhoover.smugmug.com/gallery/5974354_EUa4J#372904495_M... (that's me on the right edge.) Surprisingly, I feel safer on it than on a bike, because my CG is higher than the roof of most cars. Also, the dreaded "door prize" would be more at thigh level than head level. It's pretty hard to uni after dark, though, because you need to anticipate bumps and potholes. I can sustain about 12 mph, so it's about 2/3 as fast as biking. Some harder-core unicyclists can get over 20 mph with extra-short pedal cranks or gearing. Almost all pedals are 1-1, which is why you want a big wheel. You brake by resisting rotation while you tilt back. Probably comparable to a bike when I'm going 2/3 the speed. But it can be hard to react suddenly without losing control. Though you usually just land on your feet, running behind the uni in that case. I've used both and I greatly prefer python+scipy+matplotlib. Because it's a real programming language, unlike Matlab's clunky Basic-like thing. So if matplotlib doesn't do what you need, you can extend it or just write something custom in GTK+Cairo. The depth and stability of scipy & matplotlib is very impressive. The other big problem with Matlab is that because it's licensed, you can't just do what you like with it. I've got several servers that I like to be able to crunch numbers on, and that would be not only expensive but incredibly inconvenient to maintain all those licenses of Matlab. There might be a limit, but it's much bigger than $10B in 5 years. Just in 2007, I counted up $29B of publicly announced web startup acquisitions. That easily justifies thousands of startups trying for a piece of that pie. A good list (including more than web) is at http://startup.partnerup.com/2008/01/02/2007-acquisitions-we... It's not so unreasonable for Visa to take 2% (they often take more than that.) Outright fraud costs them around 1% (though they'll never reveal their stats.) Doing collections costs them a lot, and they lose some to cardholder bankruptcies. They do provide a valuable service of isolating you from all these. Taking checks probably costs you a larger percentage of revenue than credit cards. Actually, you should expect fraud rates to be high, but not because potentially legitimate customers are ripping you off. It's because when a fraudster gets a new shipment of stolen credit cards, he wants to test them out online before, say, walking into Best Buy where he might get busted for using a card reported stolen. So you're not losing revenue, since these guys weren't going to pay you for your SaaS anyway, and you're not losing capacity since they won't actually use it. So what's the problem? The problem is that chargeback fees (that you pay them for the service of taking the money back) can be $25 or more. If it becomes a big problem, you'll probably find ways to detect common fraudulent usage patterns. For instance, since your variable cost is zero, you might avoid putting through a charge until they actually use your service. Another fact: everything is negotiable, once you have enough volume. So if you're building a serious business, don't worry if the first merchant account charges fees that eat into your profit margin. Once you get the volume up to a few million a year you'll have the leverage you need to negotiate a better deal. That's not something you want to optimize. When working on a production box, I've trained myself to type the command without sudo, then actually take my hands off the keyboard and sit on my hands while I ponder what might go wrong with the command. Then I hit ^A sudo space return. The reaction you get has nothing to do with what you say, and everything to do with the way you say it. If you act apologetic, they'll be sad for you. If you're enthusiastic they'll be happy for you. A fellow I know is a financial planner. Yawn. But I watched him explain what he did to a woman he was trying to pick up and, damn, it sounded exciting and noble. He helped people achieve their long term dreams and become independent. So be kind to your family. Give them a Christmas present and make them all happy by telling them how you've got the greatest gig in the world writing software to make the world a better place. You might be surprised how much it changes things. The fraction of people getting a job in a related field isn't a good measure except for trade schools. Often, the most successful and interesting people do something unrelated to their undergraduate degree. Or they do something other than a "job". I've been learning guitar for the last few years, never having had much musical training as a kid. I fiddle around with it most evenings, just trying to play stuff I like, not taking it too seriously, and I've gotten good enough to enjoy it. I'll never be as good as [insert guitar hero here]. So what? Most nights, my place has the best free live music within miles. It's actually very common for both drives to fail at once. Examples: - case fans fail, everything overheats - room AC fails, everything overheats - power supply goes haywire, toasts drive electronics - box falls off the shelf, drives crash - fire or smoke damages drives - roof leaks, drips onto drives - one drive fails but nobody notices for a month until the next drive fails - burglars steal box No, not all these have happened to me. It was an amazing collection, and he had a team of people who really understood those machines. My favorite was a Russian radar system with giant water-cooled vacuum tubes that emitted radar pulses at some absurdly high power. That or the mobile bridge. The Dvorak keyboard might have some slight advantage for English text, but it's noticeably worse for programming where you need ;=+-,./{}[]() and the numbers quite often. There might be a advantage for a programmer's keyboard, basically QWERTY with common punctuation on a fifth row above the numbers. But my few brief experiments with unorthodox layouts caused no end of hassle when trying to use other people's machines, so I gave up. That seems like it worked really well. There's been a lot of gnashing of teeth about the fact that jet engines can't survive ingesting birds, but it seems like all you have to do is have a body of water past the end of the runway and a rescue boat ready, and a failed engine is just an inconvenience. I think they're getting rid of the life preservers, because they're bulky and would allow fewer people to squeeze into the boat. Actually, not. A 3x return over 10 years is 11% annually. Subtracting VC fees (say 2% management and 30% take) brings that down to about 6% for the LPs. VCs have to deliver much better returns than that. Also, don't underestimate the cost of an acquisition. Not just the few $100k in legal fees. Generally it means they have to distribute proceeds to the LPs, and they're exposed to various liabilities if the acquisition goes badly. Assuming they get restricted stock in a public company, selling it is a complex procedure. They may be prohibited in trading in that acquirer's stock while the acquisition is pending, which complicates other deals. Sad to say, but you really can't run a fund with only 3x returns. I've been using Emacs for 20 years, and fully converted my desktops to Mac last year. I like Aquamacs OK with option->meta and caps lock -> control like you have. With that setup, it's a bit of a twist to get my pinky finger onto meta, but it's tolerable on my Microsoft Natural keyboard. The biggest nuisance is that I can't figure out how to bind function keys. I liked having F2 = goto-line (rather M-g g) and F3 = compile. After 20 years of Emacs, I've actually started to like Cmd-c and Cmd-v rather than C-k and C-y. Also, the scroll wheel on the Mighty Mouse works pretty well in Aquamacs. Though you do have to clean the scroll wheel (by rolling it around on your pants) every few days. If we'd truly learned something, all time values would be 64 bits. Which isn't hard: every major 32 bit systems supports 64 bit values natively in C and in only a few instructions. Or do you mean we learned that planes won't fall out of the sky due to date problems, and we shouldn't overreact next time? One place where big new ideas are badly needed is in robotics. No existing language is a good match for programming continuous, dynamic movement. I've been working on a bunch of techniques to make it easier, but they're not ready for general use yet. It is hard to make a good comparison because the economy was so fundamentally different. Our modern kg of corn could be anywhere from pennies (for animal feed) to several bucks at Whole Foods. Which do you compare against? (In fact, what we call corn is a new world crop, unknown in Europe until the 16th century. The word would have referred to barley or wheat before that.) So not even the most basic foodstuffs were comparable. Wages are a much better basis for comparison. Unskilled, medium-skilled, and high-skilled jobs are pretty comparable now and then. I think a more likely theory is that the telecom providers frequently jack their rates, to see if people notice. If someone doesn't notice, they keep jacking them and rake in profits. It's a good bet that at least one NOC is asleep at the switch on a given night. I've created a hamburger restaurant where I'm expecting average Joes to walk in off the street and cook the hamburgers, in return for a percentage every time they make a sale. Sound promising? Of course not. The burgers will be inconsistent and usually bad, and there'll either be too many or too few cooks at any given time. It's the same with review sites. You're expecting people to do the work for you in return for a completely unknown amount of money. You'll get a zillion reviews of some popular thing, and no reviews of DRAM, and reviews will be inconsistent and bad. If you think it's worth people's time to write reviews, then you should hire people to write them first. Hire college students at $15/hr. They can work from their dorms. Assign them products to review. Set standards. Have quality control. You can probably build up a really good set of reviews for only a few hundred hours of labor. Probably less than you've put into the technical part of the site. Eventually, once you have a thriving ecosystem, average Joes will contribute reviews. But you can't just wave your hands and expect people to flock to your site to do work on speculation. You have to lead. The latency to query a central database should be under 100 mS from anywhere in the country. There's no reason it couldn't be done properly today. But ATM systems were architected in the late 70s and they depend on a network of regional data centers that reconcile nightly. I'm checking HN while my code compiles. Since there's nobody to swordfight on desk chairs with. Also, taken != unavailable. If there's no actual website there, or if the website looks neglected, or if it's one of several names for the same thing, you might be able to buy it. Several YC startups have bought .coms for between $1000 and $5000. If your company is serious, that's a worthwhile investment. Don't over-think it. Put half in cash and half in 3-5 stocks you think don't suck. You would have to spend a huge amount of time on money management to get better results than that. When I cashed out, I gave away 10%. Mostly to family, and some to local charitable projects I personally cared about. It can feel good. Spend your time thinking about what to do next, now that you're not constrained to make an income. Start a new business? Become an international playboy? Go back to school? Up to you. Someone should do the proper experiment. Create a fictitious retail business, and generate a stream of reviews for it. Any other reviews would have to be faked. If they are writing fake bad reviews and removing them for money, you would then have strong evidence. The problem isn't image, it's the actual location. Building a technology center along a ring road leads to a sterile and depressing office park wasteland. (I lived there for 5 years.) Cambridge or Somerville or even downtown Boston are good places to have tech companies, because you're part of an intellectual community. In a Route 128 office park there's nowhere you can walk to, so you never interact with people except in your building. @robg: reconsider? Your life and work would be better if you were within walking distance of a university and other startups. Yes, it's cheaper in Lincoln, but you would be happier and more connected with half as much space in Central Square. Did any startup founders here consider Massachussett's foreign corporation laws and tax structure when deciding where to start their startup? Or was it more about the intellectual community, weather, coffee, social scene, presence of other startups, availability of talent, venture or angel capital, customers, partners, and potential acquirers? I like the Shoreline/Charleston/Rengstorff loop. I live and work there so I often walk in to work. I pass 3 coffee shops on the way all of which are popular with startuppy people. I frequently bump into people I know. It's not as good as Cambridge for intellectual stimulation, but I do end having a lot of spontaneous meetings with relevant people. Route 128 architecture reflects the Mercantilist view of companies. They all build big self-contained campuses to try to discourage their employees from fraternizing with other companies, lest information be exchanged. I think it's far more productive to have companies interact & share. I'll take marsh trails over malls any day. A ride on the trail makes a wonderful mental break in the mid-afternoon. IMHO. YMMV. The opposite is true. Because women in their narrow age range of attractiveness get paired with men in a much broader age range of attractiveness, that would create a shortage of women. Say, if women 25-35 date men 30-45, there are 50% more men in that group. or combining folk wisdom and math: d(half your age + 7) / d (age) However, the fact that men propose and women decide creates an inversion. Early marriages take decisive women and attractive men off the market, leaving beautiful women and schlubs. Hooray for graph theory! Assuming you're in the US, you see a biased sample. That is, you see a complete cross section of American women, but only a select group of ambitious European women who emigrated as adults. They are here because they are serious about their careers, so they are more likely to believe in working hard to get ahead rather than getting by on their looks. That made me curious. McDonalds sells about 50M cups of coffee / day. Some startups who I know participate on HN are (multiplying Alexa daily reach by 1G, to get order of magnitude estimates): Scribd: 5M daily uniques Justin.tv: 3M daily uniques last.fm: 2M daily uniques Just those would equal McD's daily coffee sales in 5 days. So we're not so many orders of magnitude behind big public companies. It might be satisfying to include some reference lines on your daily user graph, so you can celebrate when you serve more pages than, say, McDonald's sells fish sandwiches, or Wal-Mart sells Spiderman action figures, or whatever. > The divorce rate is 50%...but the failure rate of startups is even higher. I'm not sure it is. When you see a high figure like 80% quoted for small companies failing, that's mainly due to restaurants. Serious startups founded by serious people rarely fail. (Getting acquired by a public company is like staying married your whole life.) The failure rate of relationships is very high. If you date 20 people before getting married, that's a 95% failure rate. But it's still worth it. The demo probably was about 3 seconds. Look at tipjoy.com for 1.5 seconds, and you can tell what it's for and that it's cool and alive. In the other 1.5 seconds you can tip someone 25 cents for their blog entry. It's that easy and obvious. Practice giving punchy demos. Don't frikkin make us watch you log in. We should be saying oooh at the 2 second mark, aaah at 5 seconds, and wow at 10 seconds. Definitely get all the best bits in the first 10 seconds. 10 seconds may sound flippant. But actual users will have clicked the back button long before if they aren't engaged. You can practice demoing successful websites. Imagine you were pitching Google or eBay or Tokbox or justin.tv and had 10 seconds to demo. Start logged in. Assume some users won't see the last 5 seconds. The numbers say otherwise. 51% of all vehicles sold in the US in December 2008 were pickups or SUVs. [1] Average vehicle sales price is $25,000 [2], despite the existence of nice cheap fuel-efficient cars like the Yaris at $12,000. Dagres' suggestion that cars should be more about electronic gadgets is wrongheaded. Cars last 10 years, gadgets are obsolete after 3. You want a car + an iPhone, the second of which you'll upgrade several times. [1] http://www.bizjournals.com/albany/stories/2009/01/12/story1.... [2] http://www.nydailynews.com/money/2008/09/04/2008-09-04__anal... I'm #1607 on the waiting list for an Aptera. I signed up because I had complained so often that there was no electric car you could actually buy, and people kept telling me I just didn't try hard enough. So far I'm right, and I predict I'll never actually get mine. When the CEO brags that they have 45 circuit boards [1], I can already read the company's obituary. But maybe they'll pull it off, and I'll have a really snazzy car. I'm more excited about Mission Motors electric motorcycle. http://www.ridemission.com/ . (I'm an investor.) It's breathtakingly fast and fun to ride. [1] http://earth2tech.com/2008/10/01/aptera-tweaking-electric-ve... Why do you think there should be 300 car companies? Can you point to another manufacturing industry where hundreds of players collectively have significant market share? Yahoo Mail was the result of acquiring Four11 and rebranding their RocketMail product. It was one of Yahoo's better acquisitions. For $65M they got a product that now earns $6.5B/year.