To use English seemed to be easier than to use native language. First you know your native language. Then you need to learn programming. Programming uses symbols which don't make sense - except as concepts in programming. So you just learn that "while" is a loop with condition, and "print" makes letters appear on the screen. "While" doesn't, for example, associate with time, only with condition; "print" doesn't evoke images of a printing machines, newspapers or anything else. No semantic confusion whatsoever; to the contrary, if that would be written in the native language, it would immediately bring associations, which may be unwanted. A few comments to above. Some words are already used in the language, so, knowing how a certain combination of English letters is pronounced, one still gets some associations. "Function" is a rather international word, for example (brought into English from another language?). Next, learning first some programming helps with learning later English itself. For many words first associations remain related to computers; e.g., "performance" (though not widely used in programming languages, but it is used in technical manuals) is first for a processor, not for an actor on the scene. In pure functional programming, so well mentioned in some PG's articles, you have only functions - no numbers. You can make numbers from functions, though. Then, you may have a basis - a set of functions which are sufficient to represent arbitrarily complex algorithm, i.e., Turing complete set; see here - http://dkeenan.com/Lambda/ . Such a set may consist from only one function. So, the whole program is a structure of calling that function. Writing down such a program, we obviously don't need to write the function - it comes by default; we only need to write the structure, which can be represented by ( and ) . In a different way, than what I see here, but still - one bit per parenthesis, very simple processor, lots of memory and lots of steps for simple operations - a Turing tarpit... Just last week I've practiced "I don't understand" again. Now I don't particularly like jeopardizing my position at work, but looks like that question wasn't met well. A manager running the meeting (plans for next year) frowned upon a person who seems to be not understanding what he was talking before. In retrospect, I might missed some explanations - didn't quite get them at the time he gave them, possibly didn't pay enough attention - but that was the reason for my question! The matter was important to "get". Hard to say if the annoyance was justified... but the result is this question may also backfire, even if it shouldn't. Idiots include also that vocal part of population longing for - and getting - Nobel prizes. One ought to realize how different SU was in 20s, 50s, even 70s from Russia today. People in SU thought about themselves and their country very similarly as it is in US now - the most progressive country, and of course, the smartest and overall best people. Little doubt about that. Tokens were much more serious then - in US one says "if you smart, you should be rich", in SU it was "if you're good, you can perhaps show an Order" - and they weren't easy to get. Imagine the life in the South, pictured in "Gone with the wind", without slavery - because almost everybody was in the same conditions - and stimulus responses will be different. Again, what use would be for a pile of cash in SU? Not much - you can't buy proportionally, since the whole economy is targeted to "regular people", and you'd get people looking at you funny pretty soon. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Constitutional_Conventi... GA144, from Green Arrays, is a chip which is very good for space applications - computational power, energy efficiency, predictability, versatility, radiation tolerance... Yet after a year and a half on the market there is still no sensible C compiler for it. I doubt "C is as close as you can get to WYSIWYG" is always entirely correct. You bet. The problem of getting to orbit was solved "somehow" in 1950's, with emphasis on reliability, then terminal control optimized the result some decades later, when the hardware became available... But the basic task is still way below capabilities of even modest modern computers. Space X may afford to have quite a bit of redundancy. J is one of the underappreciated gems among programming languages. Everybody talks about languages which are Lisp successors, but when it comes to shortening the path from the thought to the code, J gives something to pause and think about. I did, almost twice. First time it was a home-grown layer on top of the DBMS (MS SQL Server at the time). After an investment we've got a requirement to switch to Oracle. We anticipated that (or something like it) when designing the system, so it went smoothly. Second time it was using MySQL from Sun workstations, with the idea of eventually switching to Oracle. That's why "almost" - we knew about the requirement in advance, so we didn't create hard dependencies on MySQL. Yet we didn't constantly test our system vs. Oracle either. Admittedly the latest of these happened more than 10 years ago. Among other things NK-33 has completely redesigned turbopump comparing to NK-15. The pump believed to be the major cause of problems with NK-15. According to "3. Deficient research skills / Chronically poor knowledge of the platform's features", "Re-inventing or laboring without basic mechanisms" is a bad thing. I don't think so. I routinely work on a carefully chosen subset of a (big) language/platform, having benefits of such an approach - both immediate (stable compilers, proven patterns) and long-term (better maintainability by somebody who's not an expert in all facets of the language/platform). One of the tricks is to have what you're doing - or what you're going to do - really small. This way you don't have enough time to become bored. For this approach to work, you need to be able to split meaningful projects into still somewhat meaningful, fun enough but small subprojects. Another thing is that for many projects you're starting it understanding that you won't finish it - in one piece of time. You're going to start, progress, reflect on it, do some more - then put it on the shelf for a while. And this is ok. This allows you to actually boldly start projects which you know you won't finish - again, in one chunk. For example, I also took several courses on Coursera etc. and dropped then after a couple of weeks. But they are still high in my priorities - as soon as I can/want/return to the same subject of interest, I come back to the courses, reading the material, watching videos and even doing homework. This at least allows me, when taking that course second time (if I need to - usually I don't, the primary reason is knowledge, not the certificate) to feel right at home. I'd say, don't throw away that list of ideas you developed while working on something - but check it, choose perhaps something out of it for the new list, may be you're still interested in some projects mentioned there. And... you still have to be persistent at times. Don't worry - it's a source of great feeling when you actually finish something non-trivial - and only you know how hard it was, and you really learned things from that - and you know you're better because of that. I wonder - why not to make an empty plastic shell similar to a human in form? Uncanny valley? Similarly, why now to make empty heads - possibly custom-made, for each person who's going to use the robot? May be it's a design question. The torso shouldn't be human-like, but the idea is to make it - less ugly, subjectively? - than a stick with an iPad on it. Yes, it somehow should avoid being confused with robot - so may be it shouldn't look like a stereotypical robot. I agree that everything has a price; the question is, is it justified by perceived improvement in looks. To me, a Segway with a stick looks odd, especially in a company of a few people walking somewhere. Something more resembling "a figure" could likely improve the perception. A head model could both make easier to realize who you're talking to - I guess this can be useful - and also improve overall looking. I agree that it's also not as easy - and reconfigurable - as just having an iPad. It seems to me there is a potential for improvements. See http://www.jsoftware.com/papers/tot.htm . Then you probably know that already. The link is rather for those who seeks tools "to work with the speed of thought". Different languages claim achievement of different grades of "if you can state the problem in the language, you're done", but APL family does that with its own flavor of elegance. Quite a direct story. And it's hard to find that line where further advancements suddenly become unwelcome. I guess the advice "know your limits" is what we have. "There are also no moving parts anywhere on Gaia. Even the antenna to communicate with Earth has been designed to point electronically, not mechanically." Good, but on the next line... "And if the satellite does need to make fine adjustments, it has been equipped with thrusters that can squirt just 1.5 micrograms of nitrogen gas a second." Is there really no moving parts on Gaia? Hmmm, they could try to use the Earth magnetic field for orientation; I guess the microthrusters were better... P.S. And saying "accuracy of about seven micro-arcseconds for the nearest stars" is a little bit inkorrect. Piezoelectric actuator still relies on a mechanical motion. It has to be - the idea of nitrogen nozzle is to have a storage of nitrogen under some pressure in a closed volume, and to be able to open that volume to let some gas out. That opening has to be mechanical - unless they use some exotic force fields to keep nitrogen from escaping, in which case it's hardly a (regular) nitrogen thruster anymore. Flexing is still a motion. That, however, can be compensated with an opposite motion in another gas channel. If other parts of satellite can bend on demand, they'd need an actuator or, alternatively, one can use Earth magnetic fields to reorient the spacecraft and let external forces affect it unevenly, thus providing bending. This, however, is outside of the scope of the article. So, to summarize - either secondary subsystems on Gaia are quite unconventional, or the article isn't quite precise. There is a saying in Russia that if you aren't satisfied with what government officials do, go and sue them. Mikhail Pukhov, "The way to Earth". https://kon-tiki.appspot.com/lunolet1/doc/package-summary.ht... Here is a cool screensaver about Buran: http://buran.ru/htm/scr_en.htm Western media is used to accuse Soviet system in technology copying. However sometimes the accusations go a little bit too far. Particularly in the aerospace area it would be naive to deny the Soviets their prowess - with Buran, which differs significantly from the Shuttle (see the article above), with Tu-144, which flew before Concord, not to mention today's half-broken Soviet-era technology which manages to lift about half of world space payloads to orbit and provides West with rocket technology - RD-180 for Atlas, NK-33 for Antares etc. How Tu-144 could be spied if it flew earlier? Buran was copied in shape and in overall capabilites, once on orbit, for the reasons mentioned. Buran wasn't copied both internally and on the launcher side - so we might say Buran copied some things, but had others originally developed. Soviets were great copiers, in many areas - and in many others there weren't where to copy from. They had to develop great many things themselves. I'd like to correct - Energia didn't have solid boosters; the four strap-ons were considered the first stage and burned LOX/kerosene in RD-170. RD-170 has 2 axis of thrust vectoring for each chamber, and RD-171 - the variant used in Zenit rockets - has 1 axis of thrust vectoring (the tangential one). You probably mean contributing in the dollar amount, but that's hardly the scale I'd choose to measure it by. To choose the shape, the easier path was taken: this one works, so let's safely do the same. That doesn't mean that the choice wasn't analyzed and justified, not that aerodynamic testing wasn't done - for examples, picture here - http://buran.ru/htm/history.htm - show the evolution of the overall architecture, where the Shuttle scheme was just one of the considered factors. That's the same with all planes, ships and cars in general. At a glance they all look the same. We're discussing which projects were original developments and which were follow-ons. The criteria you mention opens doors to wild speculation concerning shortcomings of very many projects on both sides of the Iron Curtain. Well, the point is that it's a common belief the thing A was stolen, not developed independently, and in practice for a state of the art technical achievement you usually already have to be pretty damn good just to be able to copy verbatim, not to mention to have substantial advantages. I won't say Concord was copied from Tu-144. Similarly, I wouldn't say soviet electronics was just a rip-off; there were enough original works even outside of the relatively well known BESM-6 project. Even to copy chips in 1980-s it takes you to have the necessary technology for reverse engineering - something I doubt any country ever had on that scale, at least at the time. Especially having more than one space station at the same time. There were Mir and Salut-7, with cosmonauts flying between them, and there were Mir and ISS - without such flights, since they were in the different orbital planes. I also happen to think the Soviet moon project was about 80% complete. No showable results, though - which allowed to deny the very existence of the project - but at least the hardware heritage is still there in the flying systems. I'm, of course, interested in arguments with some base to them. Wikipedia marks the section as "disputed" and mentions that stolen (if) were the preliminary designs. Again, you have to know a lot to have use of plans like that - especially when the design is a moving target. Yes, but also about Blok-D - the fifth stage of N1-L3 stack - being used on Proton and Zenit today for launching telecom sats to GEO, and also about Soyuz spacecraft - which got a lot of development in preparation for Moon flights. Remember Apollo-1. And also Energia is working on the PTK NP project. If you know the physical pixel density, SVG image can maintain its physical size on different devices. Now try to do that with PNG... I think PNG and SVG inherently solve somewhat different problems in the realm of image representation, so there are going to be cases where each of them has the clear upper hand. However, with pixel density going up and file sizes and network bandwidth not being the limiting factors in many cases, I'd guess SVG will command increasingly bigger share of uses. Hm, even more so than Mercury? You might be right, though; hard to judge. Both sides were definitely in a hurry with designs. Scott Adams can likely teach a robot to laugh. And to make jokes. Well done. Indium isn't a rare earth element, is it? I think winged spacecrafts will allow more reliable, and therefore economical flights. This one is particularly interesting, as the shape which flew in 1980's is still considered to be one of the most promising. This would make awesome reusable first stage for orbital launches. Provided, of course, other air launch problems could be solved. Are you sure that it isn't something somehow related to Facebook which makes those site to use Facebook login, and not, say, its own? I find strange the assumption that bytecode is bigger than the source. It's not true for many programs and many languages. Since we have interpretation phase anyway, it would be interesting to try to optimize for size and speed of interpretation or pre-compilation. I see the point; but I don't think it has enough justification. Something evolutionary successful isn't always globally perfect - rather it's most probable along the path from there to here. JavaScript may stay long with us. Or - as sometimes happens - it could be eclipsed in few years, as happened with technologies and paradigms before. Say, guessing correctly on technologies in use in 2000, sitting in 1990, would be quite hard. Not that "more direct approach" of defining bytecode and standardizing should always be better. With ideas disruptive enough many bets are off. Because the research will take a significant part of the project time. Once the thorough research is done - third-party libraries are verified (that they do what's needed, and not too buggy), prototypes are written (to confirm libraries and internal dependencies work as expected), proof-of-concepts are run (to actually see that it's possible for a reasonable effort), time is measured (to confirm the way to go), interfaces are clarified (as part of the research, specifically, in the architecture department), results are estimated (basing on all results above), specifications are formalized (and agreed upon) - there is an awful lot less of what to do. "Developer estimates are regularly off because they seldom impact the developer directly." I think I most disagree with this. Developers, in my experience, are quite often asked to leave the company after such estimates. It's good to have a template - it helps not to forget things - but it is inherent in the work to have unknowns. Large unknowns. A good consultant would probably refuse to work on a project which would require him to use several major technologies which aren't familiar to him, but developer in a company may not have such a luxury as selecting a kind of a project. If you're really good at estimates, try to play that you can keep not only the final delivery, but also the partial ones. Something like "you can be sure I'll get 100% done because you can check when 10% is going to be done". Sure it's not a guaranteed sale - and it's harder to keep both partial estimates and totals, comparing to only totals - but it's still something. Our experiences obviously differ. Usually it goes like this - the developer gives his best estimate (which is, by the way, hard by itself - a lot of things has to be taken into account), and that estimate is considered too high. So the developer is ordered - in one form or another - to, effectively, "do it faster". Often it's by cutting corners in places deemed least important - but then it also reduces probability of the correct estimate overall. One more thing - specifications are quite rarely are good enough - there are other reasons why that's the case - and the final result causes management to wonder, why it doesn't include this, of why that works this clumsy way. So nobody's happy - and developer pays the price. It may look as the developer isn't good at writing software... because "writing software" is a sort of encompassing figure. With a bit of tongue-in-cheek... 1. Data networks It's an open question of using WiFi as the universal carrier - we're not at that point yet; but it's not a question of using existing GSM networks. It's going to be hard for carriers to deny, after some point, minutes to paying customers. 2. The cost of entry - OS, cloud store, apps This happened time and again. Remember when Linux has appeared on the stage? Seen porting projects, like Wine, PetrOS, Mono? Realize that Android was built not from scratch, at least concerning interfaces? Second time is almost always cheaper - and in our times, by a wide margin. 3. Access to hardware components - need good hardware... No. I don't care much if the phone is 5 mm or 2 mm thick, 100 g or 250 g heavy - just like a word processor user doesn't care if letter appears on the screen in 10 ms or 90 ms after he hit the keyboard. At some point it becomes irrelevant, and competition shifts elsewhere. See Firefox phone as another example. 4. Retreat to the low end Yes, you see it. The fact that the product is a commodity doesn't mean it doesn't exist. 5. A disruptive UI It was surely a pain to switch from sleeky Nokia UI to strange future of IPhone, no? How about Sugar, from One Laptop Per Child project, which was done anew? 6. Be realistic? I certainly see a point in what you're saying; but don't you see the power of fashion - ones all important things are by default? As soon as changes become unimportant, returns dwindling and defaults good enough, attention goes to other things - a similar thing happened in automotive world, where a lot of customers buy not the functionality, but trendiness.