While it would be nice to have a fully open-source software stack on a phone, the EFF is campaigning for much more basic freedoms for American cell phone users. In most places in the world, it's possible and very commonplace to buy a mobile phone separately from the network operator. The operator's only physical product is the SIM card, and consumers understand this. Even if you purchase a phone that's subsidised by the operator (which typically means making a fixed-rate contract for 24 months, so you end up repaying for the phone in full and you can't switch to another company with better rates), the operator has no control over the applications you install on the phone. In the US, the operators apparently sell almost all phones through their own channels, which gives these companies the unusual power of being able to dictate the software that goes on the devices. Thus they can introduce locks and limitations into the software, and thanks to the DMCA, removing those limitations can be illegal. I'm not American (and thus my understanding of the situation may be limited), but to me this seems to be a case where bad legislation has given a cartel of corporations excessive power over consumers. (It's somehow perverse that gigantic former European telemonopolies like Deutsche Telekom and France Telecom are more open and competitive than their American equivalents, even though the former were essentially state-owned bureaucracies until the 1990s.) Hopefully the DMCA exemption will persist, at least. As an alternative to OpenMoko, Nokia's Maemo ( http://www.maemo.org ) is also a fairly standard Linux platform based on GTK+ and Hildon. Nokia also owns Qt nowadays, so it will be integrated in Maemo eventually. I rather like Maemo. The first versions that shipped on the N770 and N800 tablets were shaky, but they've made a lot of progress -- IMO it's finally delivering on the promise of a user-friendly Internet-oriented pocketable UI on top of Linux. Graphics performance has been a weak point of the platform, which is a shame considering that the displays on the Nokia tablets have been very good. But the upcoming version 5 of Maemo will finally enable 3D graphics acceleration on TI's OMAP3 platform (same CPU+GPU platform as used in the Palm Pre). Maemo 5 includes the Clutter API for building accelerated UIs. (Maemo 5 will also include 3G mobile phone connectivity support, so it will effectively become a phone OS... I wouldn't have bothered to bring it up in this context otherwise :)) > Right now, all I can imagine is that if something like that happens then we would find people selling apps like how vegetables and clothes are sold now. Free-form retailership (anyone can sell apps). You could be competing with your friend if both you and your friend have your app stores. Funny -- this is exactly how Java mobile phone games have been sold in my country (and presumably most of Europe) since about 2003. Purchases are initiated by SMS and delivered as over-the-air downloads, so starting up a "mobile game store" is as easy as getting an SMS short number and hooking up the content delivery system. Most of these companies also sell other mobile content as well -- ringtones, background images, clip art for picture messaging, and so on. At least a couple of years ago, they were doing pretty good business, and the content stores were running lots of ads in both traditional and online media. (The newspaper ads were basically filled to the brim with little previews of the "hottest" graphics, games and songs available; each content item had a code for ordering by SMS.) I don't see those ads as much anymore though, so maybe the novelty of mobile phone content downloads has dried up... Or maybe they're now advertising more directly to the teenagers who actually buy this stuff. Still, I definitely prefer this kind of fully open distribution to the "walled garden" approach of on-device app stores that seems to be all the rage in America now. (Why should the hardware vendor become the dictator of content distribution? I don't see the benefits.) Sorry for asking such a newbie question, but for my education I'd like to know: why was my comment downmodded? Is it considered off-topic? Before SmartSuite (and also before MS Office), there was Lotus Symphony in the latter half of the 1980s. It was a DOS-based integrated office program that tried to capitalize on the popularity of Lotus 1-2-3 but never reached its level of success. The article suggests that Microsoft should spend 1-2 billion USD to buy Palm because the Pre is an innovative gadget. The unanswered question is: would it be worth that much to Microsoft to acquire a mobile phone company that has completely lost its relevance and marketshare outside North America, and has little to do with Microsoft's business-oriented Windows Mobile strategy? Palm under Microsoft would become the "Zune phone" -- a vertical integration experiment detached from the goals of the rest of the company. But didn't Microsoft already buy Danger (maker of Sidekick/HipTop/whatever) not long ago? It's possible Danger is already working on something along those lines, but with more Windows integration than Palm's web-oriented Linux+WebKit device provides. Where would Palm fit in? Apple inherited Obj-C in late 1996 when they decided on NextStep as the replacement for the aging Mac OS. (That purchase also brought in Steve Jobs as an "adviser" to CEO Gil Amelio... Six months later, Amelio and the executives that had made the Next decision were out and Jobs was running the show.) At first Obj-C's future at Apple seemed far from certain. First there was a proposal to make the syntax more like C++, and later there was a strong push to switch to Java as the main language for the Cocoa API. Next's flagship product WebObjects (a Cocoa-based Web app server and framework) was rewritten in Java by the year 2000. Mac OS X still hadn't shipped, but Obj-C was not getting a place in the limelight as most of the new APIs were plain C (CoreFoundation, CoreAudio, new Carbon) to accomodate both old Mac developers and cross-platform developers. Apple's Obj-C faith was gradually restored during this decade. The touted Cocoa-Java bridge did work, but there was a fairly fundamental "impedance mismatch" between Cocoa's API design and Java's static nature. Cocoa-Java was deprecated in Mac OS X 10.4, leaving Obj-C as the only native development language for Cocoa. Carbon on the other hand kept growing up to 10.5, and it gained a lot of features that were effectively plain-C wrapped C++ implementations of Cocoa features (HIViews, NIB support). Clearly the notion of having to maintain these parallel APIs for GUI development didn't please decision makers at Apple, as 64-bit Carbon was pulled at the last minute from OS X 10.5, thus leaving Obj-C and Cocoa as the only game in Mac town for 64-bit GUI applications (which of course sent a clear signal that building new applications on Carbon isn't a good idea regardless of whether you need 64-bit support right now). So why did Obj-C win? At least one thing that makes it a good fit for publishing OS-level APIs is that it's inherently late-bound and duck-typed. A Cocoa program can thus easily make use of new API features without having to explicitly link against the new version of the framework. (This is particularly important because Apple doesn't update their frameworks separately from the OS, unlike Microsoft with .NET.) For example, if Mac OS X 10.3 added a -foo:bar: method to NSWindow, an application could easily check for the availability of this particular method while still maintaining compatibility with older operating systems, like this: if ([window respondsToSelector:@selector(foo:bar:)]) { // do fancy 10.3 specific effects here } This is good news. Theora (the open-source video codec whose development Mozilla is supporting with this grant) is mature and there is an irrevocable license to free use of the original patents covering the compression technology, so there's at least a good chance that it truly is "patent-free". The downside of Theora is that its compression quality is a generation behind H.264 or the latest Windows Media codecs. But web users in general are not sticklers about video compression artifacts: YouTube was for a long time limited to 320*240 video compressed with Sorenson Spark (a H.263 variant of worse quality than Theora), and that didn't hinder its success. If wide support by next-generation browsers makes it possible to start delivering compelling content in Theora, it has a chance. It seems to be mostly about patents. The H.264 patent pool contains hundreds of patents owned by 23 organizations. Many of them appear generic enough that any new codec would run a serious risk of infringing them. For example, one of H.264's major improvements over previous codecs is the use of arithmetic coding, and there's a patent in the pool concerning a "method and apparatus for binarization and arithmetic coding of a data value". (Here's an interesting mini white paper about the codec patent situation: http://www.vcodex.com/videocodingpatents.html ) Worse, there's the possibility of submarine patents that are not included in the H.264 pool. Qualcomm has already attempted to sue Broadcom for making H.264-compliant products that allegedly infringed Qualcomm patents (which Qualcomm had not disclosed when H.264 was being developed). They lost the case, but the US Court of Appeals specifically limited the scope of those patents' unenforceability only to products which are covered by a H.264 license. That means Qualcomm is still free to sue for any independently developed non-H.264 codecs that might be similar enough. 20 years seems like a long commitment to any particular technology. In 1989, token ring (a LAN technology backed by IBM) was a viable alternative to Ethernet. If a particularly info-highway-smitten municipality had made a 20-year deal with IBM to have token ring networking installed in all new buildings, they would have been kicking themselves for the past 15 years... Looking around on Edward Tufte's site, I was a bit surprised to find pixel fonts with hideous kerning on his front page: http://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/index (I'm talking about the captions on the smaller images below the motion blur dog; they basically read as "16 new pr ints by ed ward t ufte", etc.) I'm not suggesting Tufte is a bad designer for having a couple of ugly captions, or anything like that (presumably he has someone else doing the actual Photoshop work for stuff like this). Rather my point is simply that when the expectations are very high -- he has a NYT quote on that same page calling him "the Leonardo da Vinci of data" -- this kind of tiny detail leaps out because poor typography is an example of how design mistakes can make it more difficult to convey information. It's nice to see Haiku making such good progress -- I feel that the existence of a user-friendly open source OS that's not a UNIX or Windows derivative is a good thing in itself, if only because it may be keeping alive some ideas that don't fit in the legacy-oriented Linux mold. Maybe Haiku could become a nice netbook OS? Its single-user media focus certainly fits the bill. (Although Internet appliance computers were Be, Inc.'s swan song marketing attempt as well, so maybe they don't want to reopen that wound...) I do think that Haiku needs some kind of forward-looking showcase project with a bit of gloss. Right now the superficial impression is that they've mostly catched up to a decade-old commercial project. Consider these screenshots of the first and latest release of this system... BeOS Developer Release 4, from 1994: http://osnews.com/img/20869/screen2.gif Haiku, from 2009: http://osnews.com/img/20951/1.png (I prefer the 1994 version actually -- those tight pixel fonts and prominent grids of awesome 45°/30° icons must have something to do with it... The old light-grey look actually looks fairly contemporary alongside the Leopard and Windows 7 aesthetic.) Instead of Steve Jobs, Apple would have acquired Jean-Louis Gassée... But he probably wouldn't have been in a position to take over the CEO job, not to mention being able to replace many of the important executives with those from the acquired company. More fundamentally: Gassée probably wouldn't have been able to reinvent Apple's engineering values and sprawling product lineup the way Jobs did, simply because he had been so heavily involved in the first place in what Apple had become since Jobs's departure. (AFAIK, Gassée was in charge of the infamous Macintosh Portable project: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macintosh_Portable ... So it's clear that he doesn't have Jobs's nearly infallible design taste for compact computers and lustworthy gadgets :)) Cocotron -- http://cocotron.org -- is a project that goes a fair way in that direction, although through source compatibility rather than binary compability. It's two things: 1) An MIT-licensed reimplementation of Cocoa (Foundation + AppKit + some CoreFoundation plain-C APIs) 2) A cross-compiler GCC toolchain that produces native Win32 binaries and installs into Xcode. (There is also some degree of Linux support.) The benefit of this combination is that you can basically add a Windows target to an existing Cocoa project in Xcode and have it produce an .exe file... At least if all the methods used by your application happen to be implemented in Cocotron. There's still quite a bit of the Cocoa API missing, but the amount of work already done is impressive -- and one of the really great things about Cocotron is that it feels so easy to contribute to the base frameworks. The Foundation and AppKit projects are clean of cruft, neatly laid out, and they are built as Xcode projects so there's no toolchain learning curve: if your favorite esoteric NSString method is missing, you can simply open Foundation.xcodeproj and implement it. For me, Cocotron is cross-platform Objective-C that "just works". YMMV. It seems like the analog clock widget is the perennial "Hello World" of slightly more advanced GUI applications. Anyone can implement it (no spec required), it's somewhat fun to write, and it works as a test for some of the more essential APIs in a GUI operating system such as vector graphics and timer events. I think there's also a psychological aspect involved. The analog clock may be popular precisely because it's inefficient in the ways you described. Including it in a computer operating system may be an attempt to communicate that the system's designers want to respect traditional GUI values like user-centric design and real-world metaphors; that it's the kind of system where they don't mind spending CPU cycles on an inefficient information element as long as it breaks the monotony of text-based interfaces and offers a small tinge of familiarity. (The analog clock is something that you wouldn't find on a 1984 IBM system.) Such a system would be particularly valuable for the European Union. The EU has over 20 official languages, and all legislation approved by the EU needs to be translated into all of the languages. (The situation is further complicated by several categories of laws: EU regulations are practically equal to federal laws, whereas EU directives are "law blueprints" that must be translated into national law, thus giving member states some leeway on how to implement them.) I don't know exactly how EU lawmaking works (nor do I really want to know too much about what goes on in that monstrous Brussels/Strasbourg sausage factory), but I'd presume that the law drafts are most commonly worked out in English and French. A final document is then produced in either of these dominant languages, but it's written in a specific form to make it easier to translate into 20+ languages without catastrophic signal loss. Your system could replace that subset of English or French... And it might actually be fairly easily accepted by EU officials because it would offer a scientific, seemingly objective solution to the perennial problem of what language the EU itself speaks (currently the situation is rather close to "all EU languages are equal, but some are more equal than others"). "I am confused about how foreign banks got stung, what with all their superior regulation and all." Foreign banks had subsidiaries in the US or UK which could participate in unregulated derivatives trading. Isn't that what happened in the famous 1995 collapse of Barings Bank as well? Enormous losses from speculative trading were made in the Singapore market by the local branch of Barings, which led to the insolvency of the entire UK-based bank. IBM has the POWER lineage of RISC CPUs for servers, which has consistently beaten Sparc in benchmarks for at least the past eight years or so. POWER also has the advantage of having a shared ISA (and thus shared R&D) with IBM's PowerPC-based mainstream products, e.g. the CPUs used in Xbox 360 and Playstation 3. Thus I think that Sparc will be among the first casualties if this merger goes through. Thanks a lot for the helpful comments! I removed some unnecessary sentences from the frontpage, but I guess it really needs a thoughtful rewrite to become easier to read. English isn't my first language, so I always feel like my English writing ends up contrived and doesn't quite grasp the natural flow of the language... The idea of using primarily images on the front page sounds really good, I'll ask the graphic designer to think about it (but it naturally depends on how soon she wants to spend her free time on this project again). Of course, if any of you native speakers feel like coming up with some better copy for this software, I'd be absolutely relieved to take your help :) "The competition for this application would seem to be the iPhone." One is a device and an operating system, the other is a free application. The two are by definition complementary rather than mutually exclusive, so where is the competition? Your comment seems to be based on a defensive kind of thinking where everything comes down to iPhone vs. the world -- "either you're with us or you're against us". In this case I feel that it's entirely unjustified, and overall I believe the iPhone community might benefit from a more open attitude towards coexistence and collaboration with others in the mobile space. Everyone who doesn't support your preferred platform to the exclusion of others is not automatically an enemy to your goals. The license situation with this game is interesting. Carmack based this new port on an updated "Redux" version of his original codebase which is under GPL, so the resulting iPhone game is under GPL as well. But the iPhone user cannot benefit from the free license: although the source is available, it's not possible to install a freshly compiled version of the game on the device. I suppose that someone could submit a free version of the app to the App Store, but Apple would probably reject it as a duplicate. (I'm not sure if Wolf3D includes artwork or other external assets that are not GPL'd. If so, then a free version would have to provide replacements for those assets, which would essentially make it a different game.) Here's a question which I would love to have answered: does the "anti-tivoization clause" in version 3 of the GPL prevent the distribution of a GPLv3 application on an iPhone-style closed platform? Or is "tivoization" strictly limited to code that's shipped with hardware? It's great to see that these guys are still alive and kicking. The founders of Bitboys have come a long way: they got started with graphics programming some 20 years ago, creating demos for MS-DOS and sharing them with other demomakers. (The Internet wasn't generally available in those early years of the European demoscene, so demos were exchanged through BBSs and by swapping floppies through postal mail.) One of their most famous creations was Second Reality: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8G_aUxbbqWU -- it may look plain today, but remember that this was made in 1993 and ran on a 386 with plain VGA... Nice -- I sent Brand New this tip about Symbian's redesign, and in return they linked to my startup from the tip credit. (I make video effects software that can be of interest to a design blog's readership, so the exposure is welcome.) Indeed. There's no shortage of success stories in mobile development before Apple or Google came along, but they mostly took place a long way from Silicon Valley. In 2004, I was working as a graphics artist for a Finnish startup that was in the business of making Java games for phones. The company had started with three founders two years earlier, and when I got there, they employed over 30 people and kept growing. They had struck deals with operators across Europe, and game sales were taking off in a serious way. (Ordinary people were buying millions of units of over-the-air distributed Java software for phones already in 2004 -- but I guess those that were successful in this market were not terribly interested in attracting competitors by making a lot of noise about it.) The games were good enough that everybody could be proud of the work. On the best phones, the graphics and sound quality was on the level of Amiga or 386+VGA PCs. But more importantly, the games scaled down graciously to the most primitive color-screen phones with resolutions circa 128*80 pixels: thanks to a well-thought out set of APIs, an asset workflow designed for scalability and an extensive database of device capabilities, games could be easily built for dozens of devices. I ended up leaving that job fairly quickly because I figured out I'd rather be pushing around millions of pixels on the GPU with code, rather than pushing around individual pixels in Photoshop manually. But I know the company was acquired by a large American corporation not long after, and I think the founders ended up very well rewarded for having created that rare combination of technical competence (the APIs and development process), marketing (the relationships with international operators) and artistic integrity (the games looked good and played well). For a UI toolkit, they don't seem to parade all that many screenshots (or maybe I didn't find the right page). All the examples shown are from audio software with pixel-precise design. Fancy gradients, photorealistic knobs and tiny text labels are certainly the right choice for this type of applications (it's actually pretty interesting how certain software niches have instantly recognizable signature looks which all the vendors within that space share as if bound by an unspoken agreement). But I'd also like to know whether Nui can handle flexible layouts, long text paragraphs, user font preferences, accessibility concerns, tabbing between controls, etc. In a way, Nui seems like an "anti-GTK+", in the sense that GTK+ tends to look very plain and can be difficult to customise for pixel-perfect layouts, but does fairly comprehensively handle all the boring usability and layout automatisation stuff. What you're looking at is the "Classic" UI theme. Windows has supported themes since XP (released in 2001), and as of Vista there is also an optional desktop compositor that uses GPU texturing and shaders for transparency and blur effects. But this is a preview of Exchange Server 2010. Why exactly would you want GPU compositing or gradient buttons on a server? IIRC, Photoshop has defaulted to saving as TIFF since version 7.0 (introduced over seven years ago). I guess they realized long ago that PSD had become an unmaintainable mess. TIFF was designed to be extensible with custom data chunks and it predates PSD, so it probably would have been the best choice all along. I'd guess Adobe decided against it for "NIH" reasons: TIFF was originally created by Aldus, a competitor in the desktop publishing market... But Adobe ended up acquiring Aldus in the mid-'90s so that reason vanished, leaving PSD and the billions of images saved in that format as a depressing monument of obsolete corporate politics. (Of course the harm done is very limited, since those affected by PSD's problems are just developers -- users don't care as long as their files are saved and opened reliably and quickly.) I think that many of these inane inconsistencies in Win32 stem from the desire to sneak in "just a bit more features" while officially maintaining full compatibility with Win16. In the book Showstopper! , which documents the creation of Windows NT (a rather fascinating read), there's a revealing passage about how Microsoft got this Windows backwards compatibility religion. Windows had been intended to be a transitional DOS-based system on the way to OS/2, but then Windows 3.0 became an enormous success almost overnight, and Microsoft decided to break up with IBM over OS/2 development. NT had been intended to have "multiple personalities" in the form of multiple user-level APIs, with OS/2 as the primary one. The breakup had left them without a 32-bit API. With the success of Windows 3 depending to such a large degree on backwards compatibility with DOS, it made sense that the new API should match the existing Windows API as closely as possible. Besides, there was no time to spend on redesigning anything -- they couldn't afford to let IBM's 32-bit OS/2 to steal the market before NT. To ensure that the new "Win32" matched the old "Win16" as closely as possible, it's mentioned in the book that any API changes had to be presented for approval by Ballmer himself...! Perhaps the group in charge of the GetMessage() function figured that they could manage just fine with the existing BOOL return type (which is just a typedef for int), rather than risk Ballmer's wrath over the cosmetic API change. Yeah, PSD is still at the top. I could swear that a fresh install of Photoshop 7.0 defaulted to TIFF -- I remember it because it was also the first OS X compatible version, so all changes felt intriguing... But I don't know if they changed that later due to feedback, or if I hallucinated the whole thing due to spending so much time staring at the rainbow spin cursor (Photoshop on Mac OS X 10.1 and a G4 was not particularly snappy). Anyway, Photoshop guru Jeff Schewe recommends TIFF over PSD: http://www.luminous-landscape.com/forum/lofiversion/index.ph... "Everything that can be saved in a PSD can also be save in a layered Tiff-6.0 file format...everything, paths, channels, layers, transparency, layer effects...there is nothing that PSD has "special" any longer and when that happened, Bruce and several engineers and I realized that the end of the Photoshop native file format had arrived. "Tiff has better compression (zipped tifs), can save everything that a PSD can save and be as large as 4 gigs in size (I think PSD is still limited to 2 gigs). Tiff is publicly documented where PSD requires a special NDA to access the internals. As a result, tiff is a more "archival" format while losing nothing by being used." [- - ] "So, since Photoshop CS, only PSB is a format unique to Photoshop which does not fall under the heading of having to work with the Suite...and when once looks at all the pluses and minus, I think layered TIFF's offer the best file format for pixels today-unless you are talking raw and then it's DNG-which is essentially, a TIFF-EP file, a variant of Tiff-6. "Which was one reason that Mark Hamburg, when Lightroom was first released in beta fought really, really hard AGAINST allowing PSD files into Lightroom. He lost that battle. "So, at best figure that PSD and TIFF are equal but since TIFF is a documented file format and PSD isn't, I lean towards using tiffs whenever possible...because PSD files, suck-and have since Photoshop CS." Windows NT also supported PowerPC (the CPU was switched to little-endian mode on boot). I'm sure they could support ARM for the base Windows OS, but lack of application compatibility would mean a lot of user confusion that would only damage the brand. ("It's called Windows, it looks like Windows, so why doesn't anything happen when I insert the install CD for FooApp from 1999?") Emulating x86 on ARM wouldn't do much good either. Apple was able to pull it off for their PPC->x86 transition because the new CPUs were substantially faster and memory had become abundant. ARM-based netbooks don't have either of those benefits (if the budget for these machines allowed big CPUs and lots of memory, they would just use x86). That's pretty much how it works in Finland, at least. You get a "tax proposal" in the mail. If it's missing deductions or you have special reporting duties like foreign capital gains, you can amend it and return the form; otherwise you don't have to file anything. (It seems that the majority is satisfied with the proposal as-is, which presumably is a great relief to the tax office compared to the old days when everyone had to file their own forms.) In 14th century Venice, Jews were only permitted to live in an area of the city known as Ghetto. The word has since acquired many more layers of unpleasant antisemitic connotations, yet Ghetto is marked on tourist maps of Venice today. Maybe Tokyo will eventually become as open about its history -- but before that can happen, quite a few people will have to stop thinking about others by 17th century Edo period standards, it seems. Flash has the same problem as IE -- nobody upgrades it, so you can't use new features unless you have something very cool to offer. Adobe's census claims that Flash Player 10 reached over 70% penetration just five months after its release (last November): http://www.adobe.com/products/player_census/flashplayer/vers... It's already possible to do true multicore processing in Flash Player 10 using the Pixel Bender runtime. It's a bit cumbersome because you need to write your processing kernel in the data-parallel Pixel Bender language and call it from ActionScript using the ShaderJob object. However it's definitely worth it for any parallelizable data-crunching tasks because you get both JIT compilation and multicore support. (Flash Player 10 compiles the processing kernel to native x86 code on the fly and splits the work across up to 8 native threads, IIRC.) Sweden is "falling apart"? Way to exaggerate... Here's some Nordic news in a similarly credible vein: - Finland's population vanishes entirely due to suicides and domestic knife violence - Norwegian language extinct due to general sulkiness - Iceland disappears into the Atlantic under the weight of Kaupthing Bank's debt - Danes eat too much fatty foods, explode leaving a greasy stain on EU map Btw, the Nokia 1100 is the best selling consumer electronics device ever -- they sold over 200 million units of this single model in 2003-2007. Fascinating analysis of the new "metaplatform" (a.k.a. cloud); how it relates to mobile computing and networks, and what opportunities it presents to OS and application vendors. My favorite piece of advice: Many successful app vendors are trying to create APIs that will enable other developers to extend their products. This is the right idea, but the implementation is often off-target. Many of the app companies I talk to are trying to make their APIs into the business equivalent of an operating system, with developers coming to them and living entirely within their private ecosystem. A warning sign is when a company uses a phrase like, "(insert company name) developer network" to describe its offering. The wave of the future is not turning an application inward into its own little walled garden; it's opening the application outward so it can be mixed and matched with other functionality in the metaplatform. If you have the best drawing program in the industry, you should be asking how you can also become the best drawing module in the metaplatform. Get used to being a component in addition to a standalone product. You lose some identity in the process, but gain greater opportunities to grow. The reviewers are probably outsourced in India: they just follow a flowchart procedure using Apple's automatic testing tools, and have absolutely no idea that someone on the Internet cares so much about the results that they report back to Cupertino. My point was that the reviewers might actually be regular people who are simply doing the job they're given, and who don't spend their free time reading blogs that obsess about the products they have to deal with at work. (Next time I'll remember to use Iceland as the rhetorical outsourcing destination because it's less likely to accidentally offend anyone.) Dr. Boguslaw Pawlowski of Wroclaw suggested a theory to explain permanent breasts in 1999. I thought this was a dead giveaway that the whole article is a parody, but googling reveals that Dr. Bogusław Pawlowski apparently does exist. I think it's mainly due to the market having settled on two instruction sets: x86 and ARM. Ten years ago creating ISA-specific code was a much more risky decision because it would inhibit or complicate porting to one of the other architectures (PowerPC, SPARC, Itanium, Alpha and MIPS were still viable -- now only PowerPC remains as a distant third in the ISA contest, holding niches in game consoles and IBM's high-end servers). Of course the SD slot is not a very welcome change to people who have stuff that plugs in that "flap thing", because now the MacBook Pro apparently doesn't have any means of internal expansion. (Why is it called Pro again?) According to market share statistics, less than 1% of computer users have a MacBook Pro. Hmm. Python has been available for Symbian/S60 for at least five years. Surely there are interactive scripting environments on Windows Mobile as well. What makes ASE special? I haven't tried it, but I don't see why not... The project's feature list mentions that there's a console for interactive development. Of course Symbian is one of those old-fashioned operating systems with a user-accessible file system, so one can also just open a text editor, write a script, save it as a file and run it the PyS60 script shell. After the French Revolution, the Republic adopted a base-10 calendar. The number of months remained at 12, but a month's length was made uniform: each was divided into three weeks of 10 days. The clock was modified accordingly: each day was divided into ten hours, each hour into 100 decimal minutes and each decimal minute had 100 decimal seconds. The decimal clock was officially used in France in 1793-95. (I'd imagine that any remaining clocks from that era are highly valuable antiques nowadays.) The sexagesimal system for times and angles was already in use in Mesopotamia circa 2000 BC. It's probably even older than that because it's so widespread and well-established in Eurasian cultures. Why would you prefer to keep Earth's revolution around the Sun as the base unit, instead of Earth's revolution around its axis? I would argue that the latter is more relevant for ordinary people. (Consider that Imperial Russia was using the fixed-365-day Julian calendar up to 1918, and they didn't seem to be acutely concerned that calendar months were drifting increasingly out of sync with actual seasons.) I'd suggest adopting a 1000-day year instead. To make the transition easier, the word "year" could be deprecated entirely, and the unit of time would simply be called "kiloday" or "k-day". This proposal would significantly improve everyone's life by eliminating brainless smalltalk about whether it's particularly hot or cold this June compared to last year. Whenever I'm at a party facing the choice of reorienting the conversation towards either the weather or calendar reform, I inevitably go for the latter. Chicks love it. I think Native Client's environment is constrained enough that it would be feasible to implement JIT translation between architectures (i.e. x86 -> ARM). ISA translation tech is already widespread: a company called Transitive has been quite successful in offering translation products for Unix vendors who have needed to transition their customers to a new architecture (most visibly they provided the PPC->x86 translation engine for Apple's "Rosetta"). With Native Client, the translation ought to be made easier by the structural limitations that are imposed on NaCl modules primarily for security purposes -- to use a natural language analogy, it's easier to translate a text if you know all the words originate from a certain dictionary. The Swedish Army has not actually fought a war since 1809, so they've had two hundred years to hone their Flash design skills to perfection... A very solid game-like web experience. Despite all the talk, it's going to be a while until HTML 5's and can deliver something like this.