What you're saying is good advice for getting better, but I think the advice is for getting happier. Modern email clients use threading and quote-hiding to make everything look like bottom-posting. People who want to see context for your reply can just look up and see previous messages. I agree that you want discussion posts in chronological order, oldest to newest reading down, whether this is on a blog or email, but technology has changed so that this is no longer the responsibility of the poster. It would be spotted right away by anyone remotely competent who glanced over it. I'm not so sure. I'm a professional programmer mostly working in C++, and I didn't see the problem on first read-through. It took looking carefully before I saw it, and if I hadn't already known that these two lines contained a vulnerability I might not have noticed. I could see this being missed in a code review. Its kind of like how the Anglicans would resent being declared Children of Catholicism. Sure, without revolting against the Church there would not Anglicanism, but that doesn't mean that an Anglican would like to be told, "you came from Catholicism." This doesn't touch your main point, but I don't think most Anglicans have trouble with the idea that it comes from Catholicism. That would be a huge scandal. When fraudulently issued certs are discovered that's news, and if you did get one issued you wouldn't use it to redirect random BT customers to http. Before I wrote this, back in 2009 [1], I looked for existing tools that would do this already. I found colordiff and cdiff, but neither of them would highlight the parts of lines that had changed. Not finding anything that did what I wanted, I wrote something. [1] http://www.jefftk.com/p/introducing-icdiff See: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/snake-oil-salesmen... They reference Kunin 1989 [1], Shirai 2002 [2], and Shirai 2007 [3]. Chinese snake oil is a reasonable source of omega-3s. [1] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1026931/pdf/west... [2] http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0271-5317(02)00426-8 [3] http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1444-2906.2003.... Maybe I'm misreading you, but it sounds like you're saying "my coworkers made something with a really great UI and people loved it!" My wife and I are also trying to do this, and I suspect a big part of why we've been able to stick to it is the growing effective altruism community. We commit to donating 50%, post our income and donations publicly [1], and we know people would hold us accountable if we started backsliding. Still, 20 years is much longer than I have experience for, so I definitely respect people like you who have been working at this much longer! [1] http://www.jefftk.com/donations I became acclimated to that "bill" much as one does their car payment or home payment. It is in the range of a small car payment per month now and I only chide myself for not boosting it more. The idea is to make it a routine expense so that you don't consider it a burden. The danger is forgetting to raise it or give to other good charities thinking you have done your part. That's a great approach! It is not hard to find a charity to give money to. Charities vary dramatically in how much good they can do with your money, so I'm not sure why you would say it isn't hard. With the charities you support, how much do you know about what your money does? Did you compare them with competing organizations? Getting into this much detail about charities is more than a full time job! At this point I mostly go by GiveWell's recommendations, but identifying really great charities isn't something I'd say is "easy". (I'm not saying this to discourage you, what you're doing is really good!) I know you're joking, but buying better roofs is actually the most common thing for recipients to do with the money. Metal roofs require so much less upkeep that they're a very good investment, saving a lot of time in avoided maintenance over many years. > they get to make medical decisions for you At least in MA you can fill out healthcare proxy forms [1] to shift this back to your parents. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_care_proxy since some sort of legal status is required for many purposes in most countries The idea here is that you get rid of those "many purposes" and treat a married couple like any other people who have decided to spend their lives together. For example, in a user session with 5 page views that load 40 resources per page, how many users will not experience worse than 95%’ile of HTTP requests? The chances of not seeing it is ~.003%. This is assuming complete independence, which is very wrong. We're talking about hail. Insurance companies cover hail damage all the time. (Actually, hail claims have been going up: http://www.claimsjournal.com/news/national/2014/05/02/248354... ) The spin of the article is that smaller companies are more deserving, but I don't see why we should expect that in general. If Apple or FB bring in a thousand people on H1Bs, is that a problem? You can do better than that by taking advantage of character shapes, though. Minimal example: () and: )( have the same brightness values, but we see them pretty differently. Ideally you would use edge detection, maybe some object detection, and then be willing to compromise a little on brightness in order to make important edges nice. I don't know if there's software out there that does this, though. Specifically, I get p=0.15 for those numbers. And that's assuming that they're based on running the test for a fixed amount of time instead of stopping once they look good. So: probably better, but should have run it longer. Just don't try to use two digit format for years: ~ $ cal 5 16 May 16 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 ~ $ cal 5 2016 May 2016 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 this is not investment advice It certainly looks like investment advice! guarantee worst-case linear time matching for any number of expressions Or you could just use RE2: https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/WhyRE2 It's open source, and match time is linear in the length of the input string. (Disclosure: I work at Google on a different open source project) The entire Real-Estate industry is ripe for disruption. Exactly why are we paying 6% to "agents"? https://www.redfin.com/ is already doing this. They charge half the normal fee if you're selling and they give about half of their fee to you after purchase if you're buying. (We bought our house with them.) Actually, thinking more, we designed PSS to run in a sandbox specifically because we were parsing untrusted input. But leaking content from one site into responses from other sites would still be possible, because I think we didn't reinitialize the sandbox on every request (way expensive) and each server process handled many sites. Fix that, and then there's still the risk of leaking things between sites via the cache. It's definitely possible to fix this (new sandbox per request, cache is fragmented by something outside of sandbox control) but I'm not sure the service would make sense economically. single tax receipt (donating to one org instead of 3-4) GiveWell offers this as well: https://secure.givewell.org/ You can donate to GiveWell for distribution to their to charities, and you can either choose the breakdown or ask them to allocate it as they think best. Slimfast has 4x as much sugar as Soylent (per-calorie). To get 2000 calories from Slimfast you'd be getting 180g sugar, while with Soylent it would be 45g. Now 45g is a little higher than recommended, but 180g is way too high. http://d8m5oga7foiu.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/1... http://files.soylent.com/pdf/soylent-drink-nutrition-facts-e... You can get a web version by editing urls: https://www.whatruns.com/website/google.com Facial recognition is getting better; cameras may well be enough to do this soon. "Between January and June 2017, Flatiron claimed that 98.5% of its students received employment less than 180 days after graduation and that Flatiron graduates had an average salary of $74,447. However, Flatiron did not disclose clearly and conspicuously that the 98.5% employment rate included not only full time salaried employees but also apprentices, contract employees and self-employed freelance workers, some who were employed for less than twelve weeks. Similarly, Flatiron failed to clearly and conspicuously disclose that its $74,447 average salary claim included full time employed graduates only, which represent only 58% of classroom graduates and 39% of online graduates." Good to crack down on this. "In order to obtain a SED license, a non-degree granting career school must meet a number of criteria, including using an approved curriculum and employing a licensed director and teachers." This is worrying. Part of why these bootcamps have been a valuable addition is that they've been able to use their own curricula and train their own teachers. This is a weird article. It strongly implies that donor advised funds (DAFs) are storing money indefinitely and not distributing it, but the average disbursement for DAFs is about 15% per year. In general, people committing the money to charity now even if they haven't decided what they want to fund is something I strongly support, because it means they can't later change their minds and keep the money. The article also seems to evaluate DAFs primarily on how much they spend in the Bay Area: And even when it did give out money, the Silicon Valley Community Foundation often spent it outside of California. Last year, it gave out $436 million in grants to the nine-county Bay Area, which was just 34 percent of the $1.3 billion in grants it dispersed. The Bay Area is one of the richest regions of one of the richest states of one of the richest countries. There are definitely people in the Bay Area who need help, but overall I think it's really good that donors are becoming more interested in figuring out where their money can do the most good as opposed to only donating to organizations targeting the region they happen to live in. The AMT excludes many deductions, but it doesn't exclude the charitable deduction. > Based on past experience, it is estimated that between 1 and 2 people out of every 1 million people vaccinated may die as a result of life-threatening reactions to the vaccine. -- http://www.who.int/vaccine_safety/committee/topics/smallpox/... > The only real way to get off grid power without batteries is to go with an inverter that has an emergency outlet. Some of the SMA inverters support this (they call it Secure Power Supply) - you feed the whole rooftop array into them, and they can, if the sun is shining, provide 1.5kW or so to a dedicated outlet - assuming there's enough solar power. So, from an 8-10kW array, on a sunny day, you can get 1.5kW by operating well below the peak power point. If the array can't keep up with current demand (a cloud goes over), the outlet shuts down. It's better than nothing, but this is just about the only way you can get battery-free off grid power. To get any sort of stable battery-free power, you have to run the panels well, well below peak power (30-50% of peak is as high as you can really run), and even then, you have a horrifically unstable system. If the array power briefly drops below demand (perhaps an airplane has flown over), you shut down the entire output for a while. Hopefully your devices can handle intermittent power like this. If the array can source 1300W at the moment and a compressor tries to draw 1301W while starting, you collapse the array voltage and shut down the outlet. That's really hard on compressors (and everything else attached to the outlet). It's not ideal, but this is so much better than what most installs are built with (nothing). FDIC protects cash at (fractional reserve) banks. SIPC protects securities at (non-fractional reserve) brokerages. A very rich person isn't going to have enormous quantities in cash; most of it will be invested. But the risk of a brokerage losing your stock is way lower than a bank losing your cash deposits, and even that is very low. If they wanted to buy insurance against it that wouldn't be very expensive. > 6/8 is skiddledeediddledee - often used in folk and/or ethnic music. It's a much lighter, more skittery feel. There are two common forms of 6/8 (jigs) at least in the kinds of traditional music I'm used to: single jigs and double jigs. A double jig is "skiddledeediddledee" as you said, like the song "99 bottles of beer on the wall", while a single jig is more like "humpty dumpty". Other companies effectively outsource the first stage of their hiring to Triplebyte. These companies have much more agreement on the "hard" skills than the "soft" skills, and also have an easier time trusting Triplebyte to evaluate the former. A candidate who passes a general technical interview could be a potential culture fit for many companies. The fb discussion threads those posts initiated are gone, though. If this happened to me I'd be extremely upset: I've had many very good discussions on Facebook that it would hurt to lose. https://www.givewell.org/ > The hiding of URLs fits perfectly with AMPs preferred method of making sites fast, which is to host them directly on Google’s servers, and to serve them from a Google domain. Hiding the URL from the user then makes a Google AMP site indistinguishable from an ordinary site. Hiding URLs isn't necessary for sites hosted on the AMP cache to look just like other sites; Web Packaging will allow this while preserving the URL: https://www.ampproject.org/latest/blog/a-first-look-at-using... (Disclaimer: I work at Google) I was trying to explain why I don't think the people working on how URLs are being displayed in Chrome are doing it for the benefit of AMP. Did she buy something there with a credit card? That data is commonly resold. It it really that bad, with automated certificate issuing via Let's Encrypt? They have a summary chart: https://apps.npr.org/dailygraphics/graphics/free-college-com... It seems overly strict. For example, Maryland, Indiana, and Washington cover living costs and fees in addition to tuition for 4-year colleges, but they count it as not being "free college" because you can't use it to enroll half-time or as an adult. The author is mostly be optimizing for volume, and in a fully acoustic context I see why that's a goal. But there's an enormous amount of vioin performance that is either recorded or amplified, in which case volume doesn't matter much. I'd love to see someone optimize for tone quality and responsiveness at the expense of volume. > And a beautifully resonant, lush instrument that can't rise above the 2nd and 3rd chair instruments will be resigned to solo work, only. There are a lot of recording and amplified gigs, though, where relative volume doesn't matter much. For example, I play for dances with fiddlers, and the fiddle is always amplified. A more responsive fiddle, one that let you keep excellent tone while playing faster, or one with just better tone all around would would easily be worth accepting lower unamplified volume from. San Francisco is famous for its microclimates, where it can be sunny in one area but cold and foggy a short walk away. There are lots of agents where you can withdraw your money, plus many merchants will take MPESA directly. Dividing by the number of years is wrong in the other direction: most games will sell far more copies in year 1 than year 10. Restricting each to first-year sales would be a much more realistic adjustment. Telling them to call the customer service number on their credit card seems pretty good? This is also pretty practical in Boston. I'm at ~$350k (half salary, half stock, with a bit of bonus) as a T5 at Google Cambridge. I don't manage anyone, am not political, and have been programming professionally for ten years (at Google for five). Cost of living isn't ideal, but $350k is far more than me and my family (wife and two kids) need to live on. I've been donating 50% for several years, and we still are fine. (Cost of living details: https://www.jefftk.com/p/spending-update-2018 The big things are ~$50k on taxes, ~$33k on housing, and ~$20k on childcare.) For what it's worth, I see many posts at https://plus.google.com/+MichelPollet (Disclosure: I work at Google, on other things)