The purpose of middle management is to organize and communicate information. With that said, insulating upper management from the rank-and-file can be dangerous. Not wanting to hear what the engineers think is one thing. Not wanting to know is quite another. Any faster? My one reason for clinging to Excel is the speed of computations involving thousands of cells, including graphing. "This could explain the disconnect over cubicles. Maybe the people in charge of facilities, not having any concentration to shatter, have no idea that working in a cubicle feels to a hacker like having one's brain in a blender." [1] 1. http://paulgraham.com/gh.html I'm teaching Python to my kids (ages 10 and 13) right now, after finally ditching Visual Basic myself last year. Of course I'm at liberty to improvise my "syllabus." I decided to introduce lists before program flow. I introduced range() as a way to populate a list. And then we started doing things with lists using constructs like [x 2 for x in range(-10, 10)]. At that moment, my daughter asked: "Can we use Python to make a graphing calculator?" With my syllabus in tatters, we installed matplotlib and played with it a bit. I've explained to my kids that in programming, sometimes we have to look up and use things before we fully learn how they work. This approach would probably make no sense for teaching C, where looping comes before lists. But in my idiosyncratic mental map of Python, lists come before looping. I'm not dogmatic about what first language to learn. My only intention right now is to see if my kids will take an interest in it. In a crowded market, the sales pitch has to anticipate and overcome "negatives." Thus, MATLAB has to be marketed as a "real programming language" to overcome the fear that it will prove inadequate for some task in the future -- especially when you had to beg and plead for the money to buy a license. And amateurs (including me) don't always see the difference between the language and the libraries, so the demand for a "real programming language" results in a huge bloated product festooned with every possible bell and whistle. I wouldn't have a problem with a tool that falls short of completeness (Turing- or otherwise) if it's simple and does something useful for me. I love spreadsheets. In the early 80's, my mom got a subscription to Byte, and I eagerly awaited every issue. My drug of choice was "Ciarcia's Circuit Cellar," which forged a connection for me, between my nascent interests in electronics and programming. I'm not employed as a teacher, but one thing that I learned in a traditional classroom setting was how to teach. I observed fifty teaching styles, and the subtleties of adapting to those being taught. I use those skills every day. If anything, an economy that expects more of us to become entrepreneurs, teaching skill will become more valuable, not less. I'm betting my career on some things never going obsolete, such as the laws of physics and being able to explain a concept to a non expert or skeptic. For one semester, I taught the "terminal" freshman math course. The syllabus that I was required to follow was obsolete by thirty years. The switch to online course should really be accompanied by a vigorous debate over the content that is being taught. I never thought of this before, but the first 4 digits of my credit card number revealing the issuing bank seems insecure to me. That's not a fault of the op's program, of course. While you're at it, add an indicator to show if the data lines are active. Could this be as simple as LED and resistor? Why didn't the MacBook just configure itself? What basic computer skills should everybody possess? In my view, the answer is: None. My rationale is that any skill considered to be universal enough for everybody to know, should be taken care of by the computer -- especially if the computer is sold on the premise that "it just works." I've been hacking since 1981, and I wouldn't have guessed the need to configure the MacBook for a proxy server, or that the proxy was blocking the embedded YouTube video. On the other hand, I want my own kids to learn how to hack. We have 4 Raspberry Pi's in the house. The kids are learning HTML and Python. But why? My motive isn't to teach them "skills," but just to see if it sparks their interest. Also, I think that given the ubiquity of programming as an intellectual pursuit, and its impact on society & history, it ranks as a "liberal art" alongside calculus. I love that the Truant Officer is listed in the credits. Maybe he didn't think it was patentable. I suspect that their experience with the //e influenced the decision to make the Mac a closed box. Like you, I found the PC to be a much more comfortable transition. Because the Apple ][ was a locked design, folks started poking directly into ROM and RAM locations, for instance directly manipulating system variables, or even jumping into the middle of ROM subroutines. A book called "What's Where in the Apple II" documented almost every known hook. My mom had that book. She's my hacker role model. As a result of the way that software interacted, it became virtually impossible for Apple to update the ROMs without breaking popular apps. The next generation of personal computers all represented different approaches to avoiding this problem by providing well documented entry points while offering no guarantee of long term code stability. IBM made one mistake: They let people hard code the address of video RAM, which is what led to the legendary 640k barrier. I agree. In my view, the "walled garden" of iOS is just the next step in what Apple had already intended to establish for the original Mac. To be charitable, I can imagine it being based on the idea of protecting the user from Bad Software. But lots of us wanted to write Bad Software such as little programs for our own use, or for limited, specialized use by other people. I found the Mac programming docs (Inside Mac) to be impenetrable, and the overhead for writing Hello World enormous. Then I fell in love with HyperCard. But we all know what happened to that. My mom was a high school teacher in a small rural district with a Ford plant. In the early 80's, she took a couple of programming classes as a hedge against possible layoff, and ended up starting a class at her school. She paid for the computers out of her own pocket, and class met before the regular school day. It should be noted that during this time period, outside of a few affluent districts, virtually all teaching of programming at the K-12 level was done on an ad hoc basis by teachers who volunteered their time and money. Edit: Not "was" a hacker but "is" a hacker. ;-) Slow, dog slow. I've tried Open / Libre Office on both Windows and Linux targets. A benchmark: Create a couple columns of, say, 10000 x/y values, and see how long it takes to create a basic scatter plot. Also, I've noticed that the user interface of Excel is a lot more polished. For instance it's more forgiving of exactly where I put the mouse pointer before clicking -- valuable for me because I get severe eyestrain headaches whenever I have to look too closely at the screen for too long. If it's really free and remains so, it'll be cool. Oddly enough, I'm in a tiny little niche market where there are a few folks who've had really nasty experiences with eBay, and hence refuse to do business through PayPal. The accepted alternative right now is they send me a check, but this thing looks like a good alternative. I spent a few years in Texas -- another zero income tax state, before moving back to the Midwest. Something to consider is whether or not you've got kids. Right now my family lives in an affordable neighborhood with a tolerant culture and excellent public schools that my two kids attend. In Texas, it seemed more like getting a good secular education for your kids was something that you had to pay a lot for, one way or the other -- either living in a super affluent neighborhood or finding private schools. Financially, I think that I may actually come out ahead living in one of the so-called "education states." Granted, my cultural biases show themselves in this post. Very nice! Now I've got to see if my old floppies are still readable. While in college, I got myself an oddball MS-DOS computer. My dad read an article in the business pages about this guy who had the audacity to market a complete software product for 39 bucks. Dad didn't know anything about computers, except that there was growing interest in programming, so he got Turbo Pascal version 1 for me as an Xmas present. That was the original version, and I stuck with Turbo Pascal through successive revisions until 1994 when I discovered HyperCard on an Apple Mac. In my view, among the strengths of TP, its manuals shouldn't be overlooked. Each version came with a relatively slim yet complete manual that a person could actually read. Of course it helped that the target platform was relatively simple too. We tend to worship heroes. Thus, when we learn that something is cool, we go looking for a lone person who can be identified as the "genius" or the "inventor." If somebody can set themselves up as such a hero, then inventions will be attributed to them by their followers. There's an analogous effect that's reportedly been around for a long time, possibly worldwide: An anti-correlation between birth rates and things like the education and economic empowerment of women. In addition, even the US has seen a decline in birth rates resulting from economic stagnation. Is Japan an exception, or merely an extreme case due to the tenacity of workplace sex discrimination? > Watch out, though, for integer division: now 1/2==0.5 (not 0). There go half of my bugs. ;-) An Excel to LabVIEW converter. ;-) It seems like a really cool idea. For better or worse, Excel has emerged as the de facto "programming" tool for small scale computation and database tasks. It's an annoyance that you can't see your entire program at once, especially for checking correctness, finding bugs, and understanding someone else's work. I've been teaching Python to my kids (both in middle school), and had to explain zero based arrays. Fortunately, all explanations automatically translate into "yet another stupid thing that grown-ups do." ;-) Being somewhat of an old timer, I understand the justification of zero based arrays based on making the hardware simpler and maintaining a tight coupling between the representation of a program in source code and its implementation in hardware. Zero is special because all of the bits are the same. Arrays are zero based because the physical location of the first element is the same as the memory location assigned to the array itself, plus zero. For the last element, I just remember the mnemonic "up to but not including." I'm reminded of the old adage: "You can't prove a negative." While I'm not smart enough to know if this statement is philosophically sound, it occurs to me that when you're working on something, the number of possible suggestions is infinite, and conclusively refuting any suggestion is futile. Thus, endless suggestions of the form: "Why don't you try such-and-so?" are counterproductive -- especially when they come from the person who writes your performance review. For suggestions, I have a place where I can politely write them down for future use. That's called the "dark text problem." ;-) Thanks! My kids will love this. Perhaps the most forthright answer is because it's interesting. In my view the inability to live with contradictory theories is one of the things that makes science what it is, and also that propels science forward. Gravity and quantum mechanics is a grand example, but we're trained on countless little contradictions, such as why channels A and B of my circuit seemed to behave differently yesterday, though they are nominally identical. Letting a contradiction stand without investigating it would have to be a conscious mutual decision, in and of itself. Making that decision arbitrarily would be akin to making the contradiction a matter of dogma. This is why some folks struggle with cognitive dissonances that they perceive in religions. Otherwise, if the contradiction is discovered to be irreconcilable for a good scientific reason, that discovery will be equivalent to a unification. So it's a game where there's nothing in between winning and giving up, and no time limit. What we never know about contradictions is how long it will take to reconcile them. When I discovered the problem with channels A and B, I had no idea at that moment how or when I would solve it. We have to live with the remote possibility that unifying gravity and quantum mechanics will take 100,000 years. Perhaps what comes along with training in any profession is an understanding that what "radical" consists of might be subtle, and not easily recognizable to a lay person. Good way to weed out people with personal commitments such as families. Gaming metrics could be tested during the interview process: "That was a nice job solving FizzBuzz. Now, please tell us concisely how you would solve this problem: The purchasing department has a metric for buying in volume to get discounts. The manufacturing department has a metric for cutting inventory. There's a huge Dumpster next to the loading dock." (Based on a true story). "Urea, I found it!" -- Apologies to Archimedes I looked into licensing at one point when it seemed like my career would be heading in a different direction. As I understand it, my state defines "engineering" as anything that could affect public safety, and says that all engineers have to be licensed, but there are only exams in certain subject areas. I think the guiding principle of engineering regulation would lead one to believe that software controls for a car should be covered by licensing, but that this has not occurred in practice due to the regulations not keeping up with technological change. Too much brand consolidation could have a negative market appeal. Consolidating logistics would be another matter. The fallacy of "just" should be added to the standard lists of logical fallacies. "Just do X" assertions are problematic in a number of ways: 1. "Just" carries a hidden assumption, that the thing is simple and straightforward. 2. It's awkward to respond without tacitly accepting the burden of proof for why you can't do the thing. So far as I know, sapphire is also used as a substrate for growing some kinds of semiconductors. Here, the optical clarity isn't as important as the chemical purity, but clarity and purity go hand in hand for sapphire. It would be interesting to look at companies with stack ranking and see if any objective performance measure is a significantly better predictor of a layoff than: 1) A random number generator; 2) the personality of your boss. I just tried it, and it's great. Nice job, on many fronts: Recognizing a problem, coming up with a simple, uncluttered solution, and making it work. In my view, a site like this is useful for a lot of purposes beyond actually signing up for health care. For instance, I've got employer sponsored care, but I was simply curious about what my costs would be through the exchanges. I also want to be an informed citizen, and "how much does it really cost" is an obvious question that anybody might be inclined to ask. In my view, knowing the magnitude of the numbers should help provide a reference point for political debate. Thanks for that! I had assumed that I wouldn't qualify for a subsidy, and indeed I don't. As others have mentioned, these sites don't actually solve all of the problems, but it seems to me that a few free tools that just help people gather information would take some of the pressure off of the main system. And if enough of these tools were to crop up, then none of them would have to be 100% reliable. Simply making people less nervous about signing up will make the official process work better. It's a nice article, but it overlooks one fact: There needs to be a brain drain out of academia, because academia can't absorb more than a fraction of its own production of talent. Ah, but this isn't just a problem with coding. A mechanical or electrical engineer would have been horrified by my vacuum system or electronic circuitry. ;-) When I was in grad school, the mantra was: It only has to work long enough and well enough to produce a result. My experiment was declared a success when I got the MTBF up from a few seconds to a few minutes. Maybe this helps explains why a B+ isn't worth anything any more. Would 3D printing help with some projects? Actually, building and playing with published Raspberry Pi or Arduino projects wouldn't be too bad a way to go. Most of the designs are open, and hobbyists tend not to overcomplicate things. See how many layers of the onion you can peel back, or what small changes you can make. Choose a board and see how much mileage you can get out of it. For the lowest level nuts and bolts, Horowitz and Hill's _Art of Electronics_ is still a classic. Going through the first few chapter exercises will get you thinking in terms of voltages and currents. Try for an older edition, second hand. The fundamentals haven't changed. In fact, that brings up an idea for a way that hardware is sometimes easier than software. The laws of physics that constrain our designs don't go obsolete every 2 weeks. That paper brings back memories... http://www.quill.com/ampad-engineers-pads/cbs/046009.html?cm... If this is a novel antibiotic with any therapeutic potential, please let's outlaw feeding it to cattle by the ton. I came across a web forum thread in which the escalation of criminal sentencing laws is compared to the Milgram experiment: http://www.isthmus.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=35&t=58211 Of course no analogy is perfect, but this one gave me pause. I had a similar experience in my career, well over a decade ago. Granted, my anecdote doesn't prove anything, especially because I could have been wrong at the time, but it reflects the mindset. I had a choice of implementing a machine controller with GUI in MacOS (System 7.5), some flavor of Windows, or even MS-DOS! Two factors influenced my choice: 1. Familiarity with the innards of a PC assured me that I could make it work all by myself, no matter what, even if it turned out to be ugly on the inside. 2. Looking ahead, and realizing that a bunch of MacOS development experience on my resume would elicit a yawn from most recruiters. As for the display controller, today I'd do it with something like a Raspberry Pi. Stack ranking makes managers irrelevant to employee performance: The lowest employee is going to get sacked, so there's no reason for the manager to work on that person's performance. The highest employee doesn't need a manager. The remaining middle can be dealt with next year. Maybe stack ranking replaces low performers with high performers, but only if you make managers irrelevant to the hiring process, because we keep hearing that managers don't know how to hire. All that's left is for the manager, once a year, turn in a ranking list. I wonder if all of that could be automated. SRAAS. ;-) Now, there remains a place for managers, because stack ranking is a "guideline" and there is always some flexibility. So it's each manager's job to negotiate the budget of rankings for their team. This is why I've commented before that a vital factor is having a boss who is liked by others, and who has the leadership ability to stand up for his or her team.