I can think of three reasons universities would do this. First: Universities do not generally take pride in having a commercial "business model" approach. They almost all say education, rather than profit, is their aim. They say they don't charge $x because they want to extract the maximum rent from the market, they charge $x because that's what it costs to provide the course. What better way to prove this commitment to education than to charge much less for a course that costs much less to run? Second: Sony chariman Akito Morito reportedly once said "My job is to make our products obsolete before our competitors do." If online learning is the next big thing, you want to be at the cutting edge of it. You don't want to end up a local bookstore in the age of Amazon, you want to be Amazon. Third: 120,000 people signed up for the first MITx course (only 7,000 people went on to get a passing grade) and the system handled them OK. You can accept much less profit per student when you've got a thousand times as many students. Of course, there are more experiments needed to determine whether they can provide useful credentials people will get their wallets out to pay for - but people are used to paying a lot for university courses. If they made just $10 to $100 per student per course they could be looking at some serious money. Yes, I absolutely expect there will be test centres where students pay to sit the exam in exam conditions. There's no other way to produce credible results. But the test centre would only need to be a tarted up cybercafe. Do you envisage the course material and exam being designed by MIT but the exams being administered by some other party, or would the other party also design the exam (as is the case with CFA)? Not all drones have to be quadrotor helicopters; with a fixed wing drone you can glide over your target with the propeller stopped and make very little noise. Well, when public companies plan acquisitions and mergers, it's essentially always claimed that they're going to make the company they acquire more valuable. You spend $100,000,000 of your investors' money on Nullsoft because you think with you on their side, they'll be worth more than $100,000,000. So it comes as a bit of a surprise when they become worth radically less due to mismanagement - not because mismanagement is unusual, but because mismanagement persists in spite of the large costs. Gladwell's theory, as I've heard it, is that mastery demands 10,000 hours of good quality practice. When your developers cost $75 an hour including overheads, paying people for those 10,000 hours is an extremely costly proposition. The article is poorly written. Points 1 and 2 are about knowing yourself and your own rhythm, making one think the article is about caring for one's own mental health while working long hours. Point 3, however, is about long hours being performed by one's employees. That third point makes it sounds like the article is not about a person who has themselves worked ridiculously hard, but about someone who has cracked the whip over people working ridiculously hard, giving advice to others who want to do the same thing. Understandably, people are a lot less sympathetic to this! When I say $75 an hour including overheads I don't mean a salary of $150,000 - I mean a salary of $60,000 plus tax plus health insurance plus pension contribution plus office space plus a desk plus a computer plus the calls to IT Helpdesk plus the line manager's time plus any commercial software plus other developers' time coaching plus the 20% cut paid to the recruiter plus the HR and payroll people's time plus networking and internet connection plus the backed up storage space on file and mail servers plus the car parking space plus a phone line plus cleaning plus the break room food and coffee. Of course these things are company-dependent, but I'm a comparatively junior developer and for purposes of internal costing my employer costs my time at $75 an hour. When I was in college, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket was eating badly instead of eating well for two weeks. Now I have a regular job, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket is much lower - I'll have to wait a few weeks until I buy that DVD box set of 'House MD'. So now I can buy tickets that before I could not afford. Have I become a more dedicated Louis CK fan? Or have I just become a richer fan? You know how web developers are constantly bitching about incompatibilities between web browsers and javascript engines? That's how. Well, a lot of recruiters present themselves to employers as helping with their recruitment problems, rather than exacerbating them. The "rational" thing for a recruiter to do is to post fake jobs with huge salaries to jobs boards to get in resumes; and to offload filtering for quality onto clients so as to get more volume through; to shop resumes around clients in descending salary order so lower paying places only get candidates rejected by other employers; and as soon as the contingency fee comes through, to call the employee at work and try to get them to hop somewhere else so you can collect another contingency fee. If all recruiters did this no-one would work with recruiters - businesses only work with recruiters because those recruiters claim they aren't going to act in this ("rational") manner - they claim they're going to look out for the client's interests. For a recruiter to make this claim while simultaneously proving it false shows a bit of cheek, and obviously makes one doubt the sincerity of the claim. If this store sells physical objects which get delivered by mail, isn't it more like a regular online store? I'm not in recruitment myself, and I agree that ideally you want your employees not to leave even when contacted by a recruiter! I assume the idea behind refusing to work with recruiters who have been unethical in the past is to create a disincentive, in the hopes of reforming the economics of recruiting so you can get recruiters who will work with you rather than against you. You'd imagine there would be some recruiters who would aim to behave ethically and to cultivate a reputation for being ethical, as that reputation would be valuable to a recruiter in terms of getting clients. The one time I was job-hunting I saw some pretty unethical stuff - I once had a recruiter e-mail me a programming test along with a solution another candidate had submitted, and almost every recruiter asked for a summary of technical interview questions so they could brief other candidates. I would have thought using unethical recruiters would actively hinder your recruitment process - so there'd be no market for their services. I mean, evidently it doesn't work that way, but I think that's the aim of refusing to work with certain recruiters. I work for a company that uses Google's apps internally. We have less than 1000 users. We get sales and technical contacts at Google with real phone numbers and everything. If you think there's a market for Google's products but with better customer service, you could form a startup reselling Google's products, with you providing customer service and escalating to Google whenever appropriate. Once you have a few hundred users I assume you'll get the same support level my employer gets. To be fair, if your application revolves around producing a tweetspam-filtered copy of Twitter's stream of tweets, it's not really possible to make that twitter-independent. Competitors like facebook and google+ don't really have a spam problem. Perhaps they meant to block Kama Sutra App™, Kama Sutra of Vatsyayana, Kama Sutra! - Manual of Sex, Kama Sutra: Manual of Sex, Kamasutra™, Kamasutra 3D, Kamasutra by Vatsyayana, Kamasutra for iPad, Kamasutra fun, Kamasutra Museum 3D, Kamasutra Museum 3D HD, KamaSutra Posiciones, Kamasutra The Game, Kamazootra, Kamazootra Lite, 101 Positions of KamaSutra, Kamasutra (Deutsch), Kamasutra - Sex Positions Guide and Kama Sutra, KamaSwami, or KamaSwami for iPad. Perhaps it was only through confusion that they blocked iKamasutra. Many websites have adopted the donate-to-see-no-ads model - Slashdot, Reddit, OKCupid etc - but as I understand it none of those have exactly thrived on the donated money. Has it been more successful than I've heard? A lot of people recommend you shouldn't badmouth your previous/current employers in a job interview. Which you can use as a reason not to say why you're not with a previous employer. Personally I'm interested in the design of a many systems - but I can see a case for wanting other systems to present a single well-defined, correctly implemented interface. There was a time when, to make a program with sound, programmers had to handle different sound cards differently. You used to get settings in games to choose whether your card was Sound Blaster 16 Compatible. Were those the good old days, or the bad old days? I'm not sure professional networking is something that can be usefully automated. I mean, a LinkedIn network is to a real network as Facebook friends are to real friends. It sounds like you would enjoy http://folklore.org/ You don't think the leap-hour will be a new millennium bug? When you look at how much people crap their pants over the leap second - a relatively common thing - I dread to think how unprepared people would be for something 3,600 times less common. Let's say I own a business importing widgets. If there's inflation of 2%, the stock I hold just became 2% more valuable. If there's deflation of 2%, the stock I hold just became 2% less valuable. In other words, in a deflationary economy there's less incentive to invest in productive activity and more incentive to stash cash under the mattress. And it's not just held stock that works this way - it's also capital investments like that new more efficient widget-making machine. To be fair, at the bottom end of the market safes are competing against Kensington lock cables and hiding valuables on the top shelf of your wardrobe. If anyone broke into my home I assume it would be a brick through the window then in and out in five minutes grabbing any laptops, jewelery and cash rather than a planned attack with thermal lances and diamond core drills! Of course, within the current justice system it will often make sense to hire an expensive lawyer. You are in a spending arms race with your opponent. The problem is this is a fault of the system. We want a system that produces the fairest outcomes possible, and there's more than one way unfair outcomes can be produced. Under the current system, if I had a patent and Oracle infringed upon it, I would be denied justice because I don't have $100M of cash to pay to litigate. If we had a German-style fixed fee system where any patent dispute could be resolved for a flat fee of (say) $20,000 I would not be denied justice. The rich would not have an advantage over the poor in court. On the other hand, this would deny Google and Oracle the opportunity to spend 5,000 times as much to get the dispute analyzed in (what was presumably) a great deal of detail. Is that a bigger injustice than the fact I couldn't receive justice at all? Personally I see this Oracle/Google dispute as like Bastiat's parable of the broken window - this case represents a net loss to society of $100,000,000+ as surely as if Oracle and Google had broken one another's office windows to the value of a hundred million dollars. Perhaps they called the number listed in the box on the right hand side of the article? Did you read the part of the article that said "The demonstration of the near-disaster, led by Professor Todd Humphreys and his team at the UTA's Radionavigation Laboratory, points to a "gaping hole" in the US's plan to open US airspace to thousands of drones," so presumably there's an existing plan to use drones in US airspace. One would imagine they would be most useful over densely populated areas. With cars and fault diagnosis increasingly computerised, car makers were in a position to encrypt or obfuscate diagnostic messages so that you could only view and reset 'check engine' codes at official dealers who had costly diagnostic equipment. The intention of OBD-II is to keep independent mechanics in business (and hence the car repair market operating properly) by preventing car makers from doing this. Sounds like a good idea to me - dealerships are already overpriced, I can't imagine how bad it would be without independent garages exerting downward pressure on prices. Whether this should extend as far as an open standard for bypassing the keyless ignition without first presenting a valid key is another matter. The HTTP last modified header for www.kogan.com/robots.txt has Last-Modified: Wed, 06 Jun 2012 06:14:35 GMT It's possible they did this and they were cunning enough to turn back the last-modified clock. I'm sure everyone takes notes differently, but with the way I do it I'm not sure a social note-taking system makes sense. For a note to be useful to me, it has to be quick to make. For a note to be useful to another person, it has to contain enough context for them to be able to decipher it. For example, the notebook on my desk reads "core 495 0.20%" which I know is the number and fraction of users in the core group - and I have enough context to know what those all mean. If I had to write down that context in a way other people could understand, it would no longer be quick to write, so it would no longer be a note. Is your idea of what note-taking is different to mine? I get Last-Modified: Fri, 04 May 2012 18:58:02 GMT from my home machine (and you obviously do too) where I connect to 74.118.68.224 - but I got Wed, 06 Jun 2012 06:14:37 GMT from work (and via http://web-sniffer.net/ and http://www.rexswain.com/cgi-bin/httpview.cgi ) which was looking at 108.166.39.66. Perhaps we get DNS load balanced or something similar? You know people do those 2D and 3D plots with dots representing where ideas are on a spectrum? You know, like this: http://www.politicalcompass.org/images/axeswithnames.gif I think what you need is a diagram like that with Google Docs, Wikis, Evernote, Piratepad, E-mail and your product. You know, something that answers every "so how's it different from" at the same time. The article says you should merge all your databases into one, to avoid setting up a service-api-notification-message-queue mess. While sharing a database lets you develop the initial system quickly, you'll have problems later on because you've made no distinction between your interface (which other people code against and you commit to not changing too often) and your internals (which you may want to refactor from time to time). So either you make schema changes at will - in which case other developers do too, and you're spending all your time fixing that instead of developing new stuff - or you rarely make schema changes and do it with advanced warning and approval, in which case the pace of development slows to a crawl because other people are too busy to support the changes you want to make. With well defined interfaces, only the interfaces have to evolve at a snail's pace; the internals can change as fast as you like, as long as you do it without breaking your interfaces. Example: If you run a amazon style computerized warehouse and an amazon style shopping website; you want to know if an item is in stock. If the website just goes directly to the warehouse's database tables, the warehouse schema can't change without worrying about breaking the website. A nice simple how-many-in-stock web service would be a lot easier to maintain. I'm no Solr expert, but bug SOLR2155 has a patch [1] that does a geospatial search using geohash prefixes [2]. As far as I can tell, you take the point's latitude and longitude and interleave the binary bits - so if your record's latitude is 11111111 and your longitude is 10000000 your geohash is 1110101010101010. You index on that, then when you do a spatial search for the point nearest to 11111110,10000011 you look up key 1110101010101101 and a prefix search finds the closest value in the index is the the record you inserted earlier. Presumably then you realize there could be an even closer record at 11111111,01111111 which would have got stuck at 1011111111111111 in the index so you look there too just in case, take the closer of the two search results, and bob's your mother's brother. [1] https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/SOLR-2155?focusedComme... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geohash Absolutely - I'm sure you've heard of the idea of technical debt [1,2] and sometimes it makes sense to build up technical debt to get a system off the ground, then worry about maintainability, documentation and whatnot in your copious free time later on. [1] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2009/02/paying-down-your-te... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technical_debt I think the key feature of "paid paid vacation" is that the money can only be spent on a vacation, use it or lose it. So you can't save money by not going on vacation. Does austrian vacation bonus pay have to be spent on a vacation? So under the pay-proportional-to-viewship model, artist A runs an intimate orchestral music performance and 10 people donate $100 each (because hey, orchestras are expensive to run); and artist B runs a punk performance in a warehouse where 1000 people pay £1 each. Under your model, the punk performers would make $1980 and the classical performers would make $20 - right? In my mind, Penny Arcade was as it started out - two guys drawing comics. $500k each sounded like a lot. I don't know if Childs Play and PAX are a big money sink for them? Business owner here. The purpose of a business is to do whatever the business owners want it to do. > I mean, yeah, I'm not impressed by the pager. I've been on pager more often than not from 17 onward. [...] Out of being on pager more often than not more than 20 years [...] that was the only job where the pager bothered me much at all. So how does pager duty work with your employers? Most places I've worked have asked for a 15 minute response time (which effectively means being within ~12 minutes of home) and being sober. That means no going for a bicycle ride or a run; not going on dates, to restaurants, the theatre or cinema; not visiting friends or relatives; and not going to the gym or going swimming or going out dancing. Doesn't pager duty basically mean you have to sit at home on the internet for all your free time? It's surprising to me that 60% of people don't appear to have changed their compromised passwords. Is there something wrong with how we tell people their passwords have been compromised - do you think we aren't making it clear enough what they need to do, or how important it is that they do it? I ordered some jeans online, taking measurements from another pair of jeans. In fact I aggregated together measurements of my body, measurements of my existing pairs of jeans, and sizes from the labels of my existing pairs of jeans. The first pair that came were too short, and a bit big at the waist; the company agreed to swap them for a shorter pair (but I had to pay to ship the old pair back to them). I couldn't tell if going to a two-inch-smaller waist would mean an uncomfortably tight waist, so I didn't ask them to send me a pair with a smaller waist. The fit is now at best acceptable. I could have been more stubborn about it and done more exchanges until I was happier with the fit, but that would have meant more inconvenience - and the expense of shipping them back again. Had I been buying at a shop I could have tried on a whole bunch of pairs of jeans, and I think I'd be happier with the overall fit. For comparison, I have successfully brought sneakers, t-shirts and sweaters online so I'm no stranger to shopping for clothes online. > The problem is probably not that women are not being respected or valued. What the hell else do you call it when someone grabs your ass? No-one grabs my ass at hacker conferences. You know why? Because I'm a man. > I doubt people are stupid enough to conflate Bitcoin with 3rd party websites that use bitcoins. Well, some of the most touted features of Bitcoin are that it's anonymous, untracable, and unfettered burdensome mandates like FDIC insurance and PCI-DSS compliance. In this case, those features mean in all likelihood the thieves won't be traced or punished, the depositors' money won't be returned, and there was no independent auditing to catch crap security practices. High profile thefts might make people think they don't need the features that Bitcoin is offering. It could be a bit cheaper, but I'd hope SSL certificate vendors would be putting some work into identity verification. You know, making sure the person with an @gmail.com e-mail is the right person to send the gmail.com SSL certificate to. That could mean manually checking scanned copies of legal documents, making some phone calls, maybe even faxing or sending some things by post. Look at all these requirements Mozilla have to include your CA certificate! http://www.mozilla.org/projects/security/certs/policy/Inclus... $60 sounds a little high to me, but if you think you could do it for substantially less, why not set yourself up in competition with them? > Conventional wisdom is that the private sector is just much more efficient than the state can ever be, but I have never been able to find evidence-based studies for or against this. This is hard to measure empirically because of selection bias - you can only study things which have already been privatized, and the first things to be privatized are the things you think will privatize successfully. For example, there are quite a few countries that have successfully privatized their telephone networks. But that doesn't mean you could privatize the police or military with the same success! And because you asked for evidence-based citations, here you go: http://www.quora.com/Is-there-empirical-evidence-to-support-... I think what rwmj is saying is: State total cost = State front line workers' salaries + State overheads Private sector total cost = Private sector front line workers' salaries + Private sector overheads + Profit. Overheads are everything from paddy wagons to radios to uniforms to back office staff to police horses loaned to Rebekah Brooks to the G4S CEO's £830K/year salary. Private sector firms will presumably only bid on a contract if the profit is positive, I'd agree that's a truism. But is the profit positive because the private sector total cost is higher, or because the private sector front line workers' salaries are lower, or because the private sector overheads are lower? I think that's what rwmj wants evidence of. While I've never seen a hiring manager looking at the code actually committed to open source projects, I've certainly been asked in interviews about the contributions to well known projects I list on my CV. Other interviewers haven't mentioned the contributions at all. So I guess it depends on the interviewer. > Since HN is full of smart people, I feel like asking - do you guys realize you're smart? When I go dancing in nightclubs, both men and women will come up to me when I stop to get a drink and they'll tell me they think I'm a really good dancer. But when I go to a dance class and beside me is someone who works for a world-famous dance company, I can look in the mirror and see my skills are only the crudest parody of theirs. There are certainly thousands of people in the world who can dance better than I can - probably tens of thousands. So it is with my programming achievements - one or two linux kernel patches for seldom-seen bugs in seldom-used subsystems? There are certainly thousands, probably tens of thousands of people who could have done the same thing easily - I was just the first to feel the itch I scratched. TLDR: I don't know if your question is even intended for me. If you enjoyed this question about "Storing Images in DB - Yea or Nay?" posted on Nov 28 '08 at http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3748/storing-images-in-db... here are some other questions you might enjoy: Storing images on a database - Jul 1 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1071636/storing-images-on... Save image in database? - Apr 30 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/805519/save-image-in-data... store image in database or in a system file? - Apr 19 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/766048/store-image-in-dat... Where should I store photos? File system or the database? - Oct 9 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1546485/where-should-i-st... To Do or Not to Do: Store Images in a Database - May 2 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/815626/to-do-or-not-to-do... Store images in database or on file system - Dec 28 '10 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4550197/store-images-in-d... Store pictures as files or in the database for a web app? - Feb 18 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/561447/store-pictures-as-... Storing a small number of images: blob or fs? - Nov 28 '08 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/325126/storing-a-small-nu... How to store images in your filesystem - Oct 7 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/191845/how-to-store-image... User images - database vs. filesystem storage - Feb 25 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/585224/user-images-databa... Should I store my images in the database or folders? - Apr 3 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/713243/should-i-store-my-... Would you store binary data in database or in file system? - Mar 19 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/662488/would-you-store-bi... storing uploaded photos and documents - filesystem vs database blob - Jul 9 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1105429/storing-uploaded-... I came in here prepared to write an impassioned criticism of StackOverflow's aggressive moderation, but frankly you've made me understand exactly why they do it.