He's not alone in applying physics math to number theory. One thing that makes mathematicians leery of physics-inspired proofs is that physicists accept mathematical transformations that produce correct experimental results but that have not been proven axiomatically. For example, here is a proof of the Riemann Hypothesis: http://aip.scitation.org/doi/10.1063/1.5012170 It uses operations on an analytic continuation of the zeta function. Are they OK? I don't know. If they are, it's Fields Medal material. But this is nothing new. Oliver Heaviside revolutionized differential equation solving with the Heaviside Operator, which gives correct answers to electromagnetic problems. Nowadays we call it the Laplace Transform, because Laplace had used what turned out equivalent, for other purposes. Other reasons Heaviside is often ignored are that he was a commoner, and he published all his papers in a newspaper. He originated the theory of transmission lines (inventing the loading coils you still see hanging between telephone poles) and atmospheric radio propagation, both often credited to others. See Paul Nahin, "Oliver Heaviside: Sage in Solitude" It should be noted that Maxwell's quaternion formulation of the same relations has just two equations. Vector notation won out over quaternions not from elegance or power, but from practical details of working them on paper. Now that we don't, anymore, quaternions are probably the better notation. Somebody should rewrite an E-M and an optics textbook. In other words, physicists were entirely correct to toss the infinite values, and mathematicians were later persuaded it was mathematically sound. Nowadays, although physicists say they are "renormalizing", they still just toss the infinite values. They're justified by results of experiments. Mathematicians are limited because, typically, they have no handy universe to run experiments in, never mind budget for a supercollider. String theory has no experiments, so has no touchstone to justify dodgy maths. String theorists routinely depend on the infinite sum 1 + 2 + 3 + ... = -1/12, without apology. It's anybody's guess how well that will turn out in the end, but it hasn't interfered with grants, publication, or tenure, so it's OK so far. I guess Nahin called it a newspaper because it came out on newsprint, folded over, weekly. It would be called a trade rag, these days, if we had those anymore. https://books.google.com/books?id=ehJbAAAAYAAJ&dq=intitle%3A... Potato, potahto. If the experiment produced different results, mathematicians would not be asked for an opinion until the physicists came up with some other math. Because the experiment matched, mathematicians were obliged to invent a framework to justify it. Some people say that they are using "=" to mean something else, and relying on context to distinguish which "=" they mean. But it's less fun to say that the sum of the natural numbers "is associated with" -1/12, especially if you have to say how, exactly. Heaviside's comment, famously, was "Shall I refuse my dinner because I do not fully understand the process of digestion?" I am astonished that, in the two years, you had not already handled 100+ scheduled failovers. If your HA is good, customers don't notice, and if not, you find out when there are fewer of them (and in daytime!), and fix it. Probably by now Pacemaker would have been abandoned. A hundred drills would have been enough to flush out these behaviors. If you are afraid to run drills on production equipment, you should be running them on a full-scale production testbed, ideally with mirrored production traffic. With a production-scale testbed, two years is enough to run thousands of risk-free failovers. Not doing frequent production failure drills is just irresponsible. Firefox says "this add-on could not be installed because it appears to be corrupt" Nobody seems to want to say it, but murder is a much more plausible explanation than suicide or accident. It is scary to think so because the murderer and his accomplices remain free and in power. This article doesn't explain why they have so much trouble with versioning a protocol that is quite a lot simpler than many IP protocols that work. They shouldn't need GREASE, because anybody implementing TLS should be testing against a dedicated server, identified in the RFC, that connects as a client and jiggles all the knobs. What, no conformance testing address is in the RFC? There's your problem right there. To the conspiracy-minded among us, it is clear that "some people" don't want progress on encrypted communications, and know just what percentage of devices need to be intolerant of progress to stall adoption of fixes. Making browsers treat dropped connections as part of the protocol was very convenient for "those people". I.e., this is not (significantly) a matter of incompetent implementers, this is an enemy attack. Deployment plans that assume good faith by all parties fail under enemy attack. As with everything cryptographic, a threat model is essential. Deployment is as much a part of the system and attack surface as the ciphers. This posting makes me unaccountably happy. Not to take anything away from cetaceans, but this article slights elephants and crows. Both recognize themselves in mirrors, and invent tools. Without looking at any other solutions, I whipped up a one-off 37-line C++11 program that is easily twice as fast as the best D or Rust one, with no special tricks. (Change out the uses of "auto" and it qualifies as C++98.) I am appalled that a 125-line program to do such a simple job could win. If that was the best they could do, I would have kept the challenge open until something better came in. I haven't tried the other programs on one-field files, or where the field selected is the first, or the last. Did you? #include #include #include #include #include int main(int, char** argv) { std::ifstream in(argv[1]); std::string head; if (!(in >> head)) return std::cout sputn(&head[1], head.size()-2); ob->sputc('\n'); bool skipping = pos == 0; for (int c = 0, count = skip_pre; (c = ib->snextc()) != EOF; ) { if (c == ',' || c == '\n') { if (skipping) { count = skip_post + skip_pre; skipping = count == 0; ob->sputn(&sub[0], sub.size()); } else if (--count == 0) { skipping = true; } ob->sputc(c); } else if (!skipping) ob->sputc(c); } } His influence on robotics has been mostly negative, although the mechanism has been mostly journalistic stupidity. The "three laws" could never be implemented in hardware, they were just rules about how to make stories. "Suppose robots followed these. What would happen?" His answer was that they would quietly take over the world and keep us as pets. Because nothing like them could be implemented, there was no predictive value. The actual outcome, without laws and with corporations standing in for the robots, is that we are livestock and vermin, according to individual usefulness and accidents of birth. The hydrogen fuel pathway has already been solved, and much more elegantly. Hydrogen produced by direct, catalytic hydrolysis from sunlight, in water, is taken up by microbes in the water that absorb CO2 and excrete hydrocarbons -- oil -- that floats to the surface, and is directly usable in existing fuel tanks and engines, no further processing needed. I use state machines all the damn time. Am I, then, no developer? Maybe you meant to say that only competent developers use state machines. But that would place you outside their august company, leaving us little reason to credit your observation. In that world, the absence of state machines in one's code would reliably indicate incompetence. But in fact, by definition, there is no computer program on God's green Earth that is not a state machine. Programming languages were created specifically to make the state machines they compile down to look more intuitive and less like, you know, state machines. So the observation is really that our programs usually look the way they were intended to look, except when we abuse our language in pursuit of performance, elegance, or other consensual delusion. There is no such language as "C/C++". Putting that in your title telegraphs that you don't have much to say, even if you might. This article made no sense at all. It could have made sense with a few strategically placed definitions. "Depression" is used to describe any number of barely-related syndromes. The only way anybody seems to know to distinguish them, or to diagnose them, is by which medication turns out to help after it's been tried. That makes drug trials iffy propositions; if a drug helps only one per six patients, maybe they were the only ones with the kind of depression it's good for. (And of course some patients have more than one kind.) Medically, it rivals unconsciousness for making the patient unable to seek help, with the wrinkle that others tend to blame the patient for failing to try hard enough. There is no language named C/C++. There is C, and there is C++. To be taken seriously, treat them as the very different languages they are. It's much easier to express what's wrong with design pattern chatter: Each design pattern represents a failure in the host language to provide facilities sufficient to abstract the pattern as a library component. when you find yourself relying on design patterns, it is a sign that it is long past time to switch to a more expressive language. This is a very interesting article, but many of the numbers are off. The three foundation stones at Baalbek are estimated at 800 to 1100 tons each. The Romans never managed to move anything much over 300 tons -- one of the Egyptian obelisks had to be broken up so they could bring the top part to Rome. Nobody knows who moved the stones at Baalbek, but they are much more deeply weathered than the Roman temples built on top. It is considered important that they did not need to be lifted, as they were quarried from higher than their final resting place. Always and forever, surveillance is a precursor to and enabler of extortion. The extortion we usually hear about is people forced to testify, often to lie, about others still under investigation, or to recruit other informants and exfiltrate secrets. We hear about it because it is useful for us to have heard about it. In the other instances there is no reason to tell us, so the only way to find out about them is to be extorted. Like the world needs yet another Sans typeface. The only objective measure of the value of a typeface for reading comprehension showed that serif faces are overwhelmingly better. The only thing favoring sans-serif faces is fashionability among graphic designers. Making new ones does nothing for anyone except the designer. I have been using LinuxLibertine for text. It's just about perfect. Noto Serif looks like it was intended as a caption font. I wonder if anyone has tried rendering directly to AV1 (or x264, or what-have-you), e.g. in a video game. There is all this hardware devoted to turning a few bytes of input into lots of pixels out. Maybe you could do less work producing just the few bytes, and let dedicated hardware generate the pixels. Of course you don't need for the CPU to generate the bytes; code running on the GPU would still do that, but with less work to do, you might get higher frame rates, or better detail at the same rate. You heard it here first. (That is, unless it doesn't work.) This is just the reference implementation. Its purpose is as a check for production versions to verify they produce the right bits, and to make clear what all the protocol options are. Production performance will be comparable to software implementations of the other protocols; and then hardware will be real-time, soon enough, and there will be expensive way-faster-than hardware for transcoding services. If you have much transcoding to do, you farm it to them. The performance of the first x264 software implementations was no better, although you never saw them. Not if the information starts out in fewer bytes. Then, you're just rearranging the bits into renderable order. "Chicken" is a very small number of bits that would need to be expanded to more bits (leg down here, wing over there, beak up here) before handing them over to the decoder to make actual feathers. The representation in a game's scene list is overwhelmingly more compact than the input to a decoder would be, and most of it barely changes from one second to the next, as the pixels are all replaced dozens of times over. Viruses always mutate, and they are far more clever about it than any puny human. But fewer than one in a billion viral species has the slightest interest in infecting you. Much more interesting than production of hydrogen (which has been achieved elsewhere: https://phys.org/news/2011-09-artificial-leaf-fuel-sunlight-... ) is integrated production of stuff more useful than hydrogen. https://phys.org/news/2016-05-bacterium-inhales-carbon-dioxi... You can grow bacteria in the same water, and given CO2, they produce and excrete hydrocarbons. Daniel Nocera uses Ralston eutropha bacteria, and a different catalyst. Competing with C is a pretty low bar, nowadays; although I appreciate the uniquely careful definition used here. When you are serious about performance, nowadays, cache misses and branch prediction are decreasingly relevant. You need to talk about drawing on computational resources practically inaccessible from C, including AVXn vector units, and shaders. C's weakness for expressing abstractions is a fundamental and unbridgeable handicap for such computation. C++ might be up to the job, and Haskell should be. It is not clear whether Rust is. For this kind of hardware exploitation, direct compiler support will always lag far behind. You need for the language to be expressive enough to support writing libraries that wrap access to the platform's hardware features in a way that the library can be ported to other hardware without changing client code, and present its capabilities in a way natural for the language. Compiler optimizers are good at merging client code with library implementation when both are in the same language, and can identify efficiencies not available to library or clients taken in isolation. It is not typically less work to write such a library than to tailor a compiler, but the work has better longevity. Other people port the library for their hardware, and all the compilers and programs are brought along. In the case of rustc and ghc, where there is momentarily only one compiler, it may be harder to see this. Move along, nothing to see here. It is quite stunning how lightweight and meaningless this editorial is. The only real question is why NYT printed it. There is undoubtedly a reason somewhere in the bowels of the newsroom, but it is certainly not a reason to read it, much less to post a link to it. I don't understand why they insist on fooling with carbon, when phosphorus forms nice sheets like graphene that are naturally semiconconducting. It probably has a lot to do with appealing to the prejudices of grant committees. I see so much custom hardware. Can somebody tell me why running the drivers of interest in a virtualbox/qemu image, and logging interaction on the host OS, doesn't do a better job than custom hardware? Maybe you need Linux for the host OS, that not everybody already has. It might be like KVM switches, that nobody using Linux would ever feel like they needed. It takes infinite energy to achieve a walking pace? Where do playets get that? I will never understand how MS execs didn't go to jail for contempt of court when their fraudulent video was exposed. Nor how David Boies went from there to representing SCO. Or how SCO counsel and execs alike avoided contempt of court, with their own shenanigans. Getting caught lying to a jury is one thing, lying to the judge... It is really amazing, when you get into it, how many people with excellent-looking CV and experience just can't code their way out of a wet paper bag. They don't know what cache is or how to tell when you've run out of it; can't use pointers, can't write a loop; don't understand object lifetime or that objects have one; or think a null pointer is, or should be, the same as an empty string. (This last is most amazing because it seems to be official policy at Google!) The elementary coding and debugging exercises that are so annoying are necessary because most candidates, by far, can't begin to do them -- MS:CS, real-time OS thesis project, and N years experience notwithstanding. What have these people been doing? I have seen brainteasers used well, but only as a jumping-off point for a conversation that tends well away from the puzzle. I used to use a design problem (no coding) that bright undergrads solved in two minutes, BSes in five, MSes in 20, and PhDs either never, or as fast as an undergrad. Everyone who solved it used identically the same hand gesture when describing the solution. ITA Software used to publish great programming puzzles that you were invited to solve and send with a CV. (Google bought them out and eventually took down the puzzles, back in 2010, but they might still be in wayback). To learn how your solution compared to theirs, you had to send it! It might not work so well anymore, since everything gets posted nowadays. He undermines his message at the end, talking about airport security lines. They are irritating because they are BS, meaningless security theater, from beginning to end. They are stressful because they create uncertainty about whether we will miss our flight, and whether we will have our property confiscated, or be incarcerated for things we have no control over, or our pants will slip down when we take our belts off. Security theater is there to create the impression that something is being done when nothing can be. The stressful experience is the entire purpose of the operation. It looks to me like it worked perfectly. The subjects increased their ability to recognize that they would better do something else meaningful. If my colleagues became less interested in pointless busywork, that would improve my life as well as theirs. Maybe the OP would like to look up the word "reign" in the dictionary. It doesn't seem to appear in TFA. It is a perhaps understandable mistake for someone whose native language isn't English. "Reign" is about kings ; "rein" is about horses. The more I read of this article, the less I believe. So, what happened? And why are we seeing this again now? Especially, when internal combustion is about obsolete? Until it gets popcount and count leading zeros, I can't use it. Fascist trains didn't really run on time. It is just that nobody could say they didn't. But, yes, utility is poorly correlated with ethics, at least in the short term. Longer term, maybe not. Ethical failure has a way of gumming up communication paths. Missed the point, so badly. There is nothing smug about the comic. It expresses horror at democracy subject to haphazard, ill-informed choices and malicious negligence. Hanging chads were a result of a previous rush to faulty technology. The fact is that voting machines are thrown together from faulty components with faulty design choices by badly managed companies with no evident care for their responsibility to the public. All the geoengineering proposals I have encountered ignore ocean acidification. A less-overheated planet with a dead ocean is hardly any better than an overheated planet with a dead ocean. That said, half of global climate disruption is from refrigerants. To prevent ultimate disaster, existing refrigeration systems must be destroyed without gas release, and replaced with systems that don't rely on (and leak) CFCs or HFCs.