Actually it's very similar to StrikeDisplay (posted a while back, but I don't think anyone saw it): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1816482 http://strikedisplay.blogspot.com SD tries to handle things like child objects dispatching events up the display chain and implementing an AS3-style pseudolanguage... Amen! "We have like a, uh, screenshot prototype. We don't have a uh, per se, working prototype." Naval should have stopped them right there and said, "so, did you guys just meet on a bus stop and come up with this?" Sorry, I just had to go back to that part where two really truly retarded things are said back to back: "We started to iterate the product..." Translation: We smoked some weed and someone was like, "Dude, IPHONE APP!" "How scalable do you think our idea is, do you think it's a good idea?" Not sure where to start but, Dude, is "Scalable" like the new "dope"? "sick"? "rad"? "dudical?" "mega"? Javascript fail. Crashes Firefox 3.6.16. Screenshot: http://tinyurl.com/627mftb ...just curious, how did you implement this over a regular phone line? Nice. I've been thinking about moving some domains out of there all week, since I got a creepy phone call from one of their reps telling me one was expiring next month. Thanks, as if I didn't already get the four million emails and the twelve trees you chopped down reminding me of this. cool. wish it worked with 10.5.8. Very true. I've used an Air as my only development and design machine for 2 years now; I love it; the thing has only 2Gb of RAM and it's still blazing fast for most everything. This is completely due to the SSD, which wasn't standard when I bought it, but seemed worth splurging for. I sleep better at night with less moving parts. When I sleep. Which I don't. Anyone can be a mentor or investor in some walk of life. Anyone can be a founder, creator or student in another. Anyone can mod their own, or someone else's news list. A tool without restrictions, operating on a finite set of rules. You decide whether it evolves to be used for good or evil. YC is great, but it's essentially closed to other investors and, while the program is merit-based, it's a closed selection process. HN is nice because there's a meritocracy at work; the concept is to allow that type of meritocracy to force both investors and entrepreneurs to have to work for one another's attention. The site is just a conduit for BPs or proposals from the most motivated idea-people to get into the hands of the most motivated action-people in any area. And every area can be broken into two parties with a mutual interest in industry news, who need to sift through each other to find the best people on the opposite team to work with. So; this is just an engine based on that concept, with up/down votes serving as an objective determinant every month. Right. You fill in your proposal, which is kept hidden. If you're in the top 10-rated "grasshoppers" in a subcom, at the end of the month, your proposal gets packaged into a nice email that goes out to just the top 5-rated "sensei" or experts. Thanks. I pro'lly gotta work on that. I get a little carried away once I start CSS'ing. I have, and there are a few investors who are waiting to see what happens here. Myself included. It's got to be an organic process; hopefully some people with great ideas will start posting and sharing their concepts, and it will snowball. Although I should stress I don't see this as a primarily IT-oriented site, it could become anything, or go in any direction, depending on who gets involved. In a lot of ways it's an experimental, theoretical model. I have no idea if it will really work, but I can imagine a lot of interesting proposals being collected that would be interesting opportunities for investors, who in turn will have to work to get their ratings up, in order to see those proposals. Okay. CSS and color scheme need to be improved. Definitely need to think of how to explain the message more clearly. Nicer graphics, easier-to-read fonts. Check. What does everyone think of the idea of a user-controlled, up-ranking newsgroup where the highest rated investors receive the proposals from the highest rated entrepreneurs? I know the site isn't beautiful. It's a concept. I just wanted to get the bare bones framework in place and launch it... Of course I want it to be pretty, but I'm more concerned about whether the idea can hold water. I spent a week on it because that's how long it took to write the code; the "graphics" took about an hour. I want to test the function before I spend time beautifying. I want to know if this idealistic model actually pans out and rewards the investors who take the time to rank on it. Specifically, at the end of the month, I want to see the quality of the proposals that go to investors and whether we get any interesting startups funded out of it. Hopefully in green tech, non-profits/NGOs, etc, as that's where I'd really like to see this go. Yeah, it looks great. Thank you for taking the time and interest to do something like that. I emailed you, but in case it hit your spam (probably), it's from info@opencombinator.com Just a quickie note. I'm a designer. You wouldn't know it from the site I posted here last week, but then that was about code, not design, and CSS ain't my thing. Most of my design work is in print, especially food packaging, brochures, ads; but I've also done art for the sides of buildings 120ft wide. If you've ever bought sushi at a market in the US you've seen my work :\ Anyway, you really get what you pay for with design, and few people who pay for it are actually willing to recognize that. 99designs is great if you're a tight-fisted carwash owner in Dallas or something. And it might be fine if you're just looking for a stupid logo for a template site. Beyond that, you need people who are actually trained to do this stuff. Basically what's missing in the wide-open "I have Illustrator too" market isn't communication; it's coherence. You hire one guy to do a logo, a girl to handle a header, someone else to do some ads. Or you hire one person but pay them per hour to do each of those things, rather than giving them 10 hours pay up front to come up with a master vision that will tie the mess together. Any designer who says, "logo, no prob" without noticing that you have no well-laid-out color palette, no consistency in your typography, should be fired before (s)he's hired. They should refuse to do work for you before you figure out what you want. That's how you know you're dealing with someone who knows what they're doing. I think the concept of pooling a designer is great, if the designer is great; and not great if you end up with a lousy designer. You're still gonna pay hourly. If you're paying under $35/hr., you're getting someone who's unemployed, probably for a reason. If you pay between that and $100/hr., you're probably going to get someone who isn't really capable of art direction. And if your pool isn't capable of that, then you're going to get poor results. Yes it's vital to security, but it's one of two components here that should be separated. The encryption itself is crucial to a lot of applications now that simply can't be spoofed. That wasn't really true 20 years ago. But now, just to achieve most kinds of load balancing you need a wildcard cert, and while there's obviously no reason that should cost 10x a single subdomain cert, there's also no obvious reason that the verification itself should be tied to the encryption. Encryption is good, in and of itself, with or without verification for most security purposes. MitM attacks can happen just as easily if someone fails to notice that there's no little padlock in their URL bar. It's a separate issue, and one shouldn't have to pay a corrupt mafia for access to browsers' encryption capabilities if all you're looking for to secure your users. Don't forget too that most browsers will poll the user whether to accept a self-signed cert for the page the user's trying to load, but will simply fail when a service in that page tries to pull data over SSL from a domain with a self-signed cert. Flash, JS, etc. I've been experimenting recently with spreading out databases geographically and letting clients (and to a lesser extent, DNS) do the bulk of the load balancing on data-intensive projects. I've gotten some great results. But right now, users would have to pre-visit a page at each data site and approve it in the browser. Or I could get a massively expensive wildcard cert and then make A-records for each of those sites, but I'd rather just access them straight through their IP addresses for speed. The whole thing just irks me. All I want to do is make sure this line is encrypted between the end user and their ISP. That should be mandatory these days; but instead I have to pay for a cert on every single DB server?! Why can't encryption still be useful if you (not your browser, you personally) trust what's in your URL bar? I think you're talking more about someone hijacking a nameserver in that case. The vast majority of MitM attacks are on open networks between the client and the ISP, are they not? so... how about browsers warn when they're pulling a an address off a DNS they've never heard of, and that isn't listed and isn't verified? Wouldn't that be a much saner way of dealing with the problem? Bitcoin just misses the point. The problem with e-cash viz. keeping it free of gov't interference isn't actually with the transmission from one party to another of the e-currency. I can open a server in Greenland that tracks currency transactions in Uruguay for dope, and vice-versa, in my own encrypted and secure currency. The problem is how does anyone change in my funny money for a currency that they can actually spend somewhere. And Bitcoin doesn't solve that problem; it just complicates it. Btc leaves it up to the coin holder to figure out how to actually extract value from the bits, and assumes a market will develop. But how will a market develop when the inputs and outputs are all regulated by the same gov'ts that BC wants to do an end-run around? At a glance -- and it was a glance 'cause I barely go on YouTube and I refuse to get on FB -- I love it as a conceptual data structure. Firstly, tying two APIs together with a smart client is a freaking great idea, although if this were a for-profit project, you should probably worry about either one locking you out, and how long it would take to notice oddities and rewrite if one or the other changes its API overnight. In a broader way though, I'm really interested in the idea of using client-side processing for infinite scalability. Even/especially in secure apps, where no hacker's gone before. There's no reason a secure P2P protocol can't be developed in JS that lets an application layer ride between peers, having minimal interaction with any central servers. This gets into telephone poker problems and all that. But it's solvable. The first person to solve it will end up with the largest server farm on the planet... seems worth it to me... Flash would be a good basis for the kind of thing I'm thinking of. Adobe's already solved a lot of the sandbox issues that would arise, and the language runs faster than JS. In theory, you get each flash player to open 4 or 5 netconnections to other players, get a running pool propagating and distribute the connection list so no one central server is taking the strain of hooking up the peers, you can have filesharing or even distributed processing in the browser. Processing is more interesting to me because it hasn't really been cracked yet. The security overhead to date has been too high. But that, or a java program, or even something written in Unity, could do some amazing stuff with virtually no back-end overhead. Keep the good work going. I'm interested to see how this will evolve. Ain't really brilliant. And they used the same 'doodle' method before. What would be nice is if they used the HTML5/canvas methods they've been hyping so hard. Unfortunately, animating this with that would take at least a QC Xeon. What would be really, really awesome would be if they did it with Flash. Then it would work on droid, and iOS users would all go 'wtf?' Yes, but isn't Google supposed to be able to come up with an elegant equation to represent those coordinates so it's not just this huge ugly pile of crap? I popped the code open on it this morning and yawned. You know a company's starting to get love handles when they have people who spend a week doing stuff like this that runs for a day, mildly annoys a bunch of people, and is immediately replaced. Lighten up. People go to google regardless. And people talk about it because it's the first thing everyone sees when they get to work in the morning. All I'm saying is it's not really much of an accomplishment. An animated gif would have been the same size file, for example -- no giant array necessary. I'm just saying it's ironic that a company that's supposed to exemplify elegant systems would end up writing single-use code that basically boils down to a large ANSI graphic you'd see on the front of a WWIV BBS. Hugh Hefner's birthday is April 9th. Where was his banner? I choked on a sandwich when I read that part They did say in certain terms, on their site, that their employees could not access the files. Maybe I should have known better, but I took them at their word. Based on that, my assumption was that the key to everything other than my public folder was unique, and was itself encrypted with my password. Obviously that was a dumb assumption. I'm not a security specialist, but I'm not exactly a lay person either, and in coding sites that have had to be secure I would never have considered writing something this way. Let alone marketing it to general consumers and intentionally misleading them about how secure it was. The most important question to me now, actually, is how do I know they're telling the truth about having proper access controls, if they've already shown a willingness to lie about this? WHO are these employees with access to my data, and under what circumstances can they get at it? Can they just browse through it whenever they want? What's the process? What records are kept? To whom do you appeal? How do you know if your data's been copied? And YES, I feel using them was a stupid decision. I uploaded my stuff without knowing for a fact that it was safe. I only knew what they'd written and that they had a solid reputation and that they came from here. But I absolutely do feel violated by it. And I'd like to see some records showing that my data was never accessed, never copied, and that it's now deleted. lol. Bitcoin is a nice idea I guess, but no one who actually accepts online payments takes it seriously because the only way you can buy and sell the junk is to go through the shadiest brokers on earth. These guys do a total turnover of about USD$1k a day. And the whole thing frankly resembles a ponzi scheme or a late-night infomercial. They talk geek and it's interesting to watch people fall in love with their concept and their API, but when it comes to managing money, geeks are obviously not as smart as MBAs who wouldn't touch this thing with a ten foot pole in 2008, and still won't. It's funny that this hype, which is basically financial services spam, is making the front page of HN on a regular basis; it suggests something is wrong here (possibly it's too easy to sign up for second and third accounts). hm. Haven't looked at mt gox for awhile, (what is a gox, is it a mountain?)...their site seems rather crashy at the moment, but last month it looked to me like they were turning over a volume of around $1k per day. And who knows if anyone actually got paid out of that. It's one thing to solve anonymous payments between peers online...totally another to find a way to translate that into spendable cash, and that's actually the real, serious problem that any online payment solution seeking anonymity has to face. So they solved, in a sense, the easy part. +1, best post this week ;) I like the gusto, but maybe I'm dense, or shallow or whatever, but is BTC not also a fiat currency? I realize there's a limited amount, but its value is completely speculative, and it's not backed by hard assets. It's not even backed by a government, which makes it less like a fiat note and more like something I printed on my inkjet when I was twelve. The BIG "if" is whether it gains critical mass and is accepted as a note of value. If or when it does, we'll all saunter over and trade in our euros or yen or dollars for some, I assume. But before it's traded on forex it's gonna be a tough sell for average folk, which means it's not tempered or tested by real markets; just hopeful folks who aren't huge Ayn Rand fans, but have quick recall of pertinent passages in Atlas "just in case". I mean, why didn't Bill Gates just spend 8.5 billion on curing AIDS, hunger and poverty? Oh, wait... I'd just say, think of the cool big project you want to do first and just let that dictate which technology you use to solve it. "Finally, does anyone speak Arabic?" Lol. The CIA has been asking that for years. In all seriousness, they probably didn't know they were doing it. If I were you I'd call a trademark/patent lawyer yesterday and see if you can register, given that you can show prior use. Coca-Cola is notorious as one of the absolute most-vicious companies on the planet when it comes to both registering and protecting their marks; there's a high probability they already registered Like-o-Meter, and will attack you as soon as they hear about yours. This boost, on the whole, may not be a good thing; find a lawyer who's willing to assume an offensive posture if you want to hold onto your app. And good luck =) eh, not sure if it's a business application or what, but I've dealt with similar things in code. To me the best way to do it is through recursive callbacks and modeling the problem over a large data set. Recently I've gotten into shoveling the output into Eureqa and letting it come up with close-fitting (unreadable and basically nonsensical) equations to model the results for faster processing of additional input after the fact. If I understand you correctly. Sorry I can't help more, it's not my area of expertise exactly...just something I've (been forced to) dabble with... re: UPDATE: apparently the entire concept of their app is a direct rip-off of mine, not just the name. I guess that makes the legal issues more interesting? It might. Don't go on a spending spree yet. Let a competent lawyer look it over. My guess at a glance -- and I'm not a lawyer, just stewed in IP issues -- would be you'll have a hard time getting anything out of their theft of your concept, short of owning a patent. Copyright could give you some relief if they directly ripped your code off and you can prove they decompiled and/or used something from that. Your best bet again is probably trademark infringement against your mark which had prior use. (That also depends on if Facebook themselves haven't trademarked the word "Like" the way they've trademarked "Book".) Other than a lawyer, your only bet is to raise an unholy racket here and in the blogosphere and make sure everyone knows you did it first. Which I fully support. So...the first login had to have valid credentials. Someone needed a citibank account to start the scraper-bot. Wonder if the fbi's talked with that guy yet. After his point in paragraph three, I realized this guy's just writing what amounts to highbrow SEO-filler, so I stopped reading. Yes, quality matters. But quality isn't measured by how "polished" an essay is. That is a gross misunderstanding of quality-in-writing... QUALITY REQUIRES HAVING SOMETHING WORTH SAYING, and saying it concisely. SEO filler is content written for the explicit purpose of raising your site's traffic by ranking higher on search engines. In order to be good filler, it has to look informational; but it actually contains no useful information. Your essay spends pages and pages expounding the claim that verbal diarrhea is a good thing. Is it a joke...? That's pretty sweet, except that when "they" declare martial law (which this project assumes), why can't "they" bust down your door and take your routers? I mean, if they can come arrest you now for eating too much power with grow lights or bitcoin mining, don't you think it'll be pretty trivial to smash down any door with a wifi signal behind it, when the tanks are out in the streets? Lol. According to HN, Chrome should be the world's top browser. http://hntrends.jerodsanto.net/?q=safari%2C+firefox%2C+inter... -or- http://hntrends.jerodsanto.net/?q=safari%2C+firefox%2C+IE%2C... (with "IE") Great site by the way. Nice job. I don't think o' Kev needs to worry about Mt. Gox thinking he hacked their site. They know who executed the sale; it was them. I don't know why nobody mentions this, but it seems rather obvious that Mt. Gox just dumped all their own bitcoins and bought them back supercheap, apart from a relatively minor 500k worth that they can now "roll back" from his account. I had a thread last week on HN where I was downranked severely for asking what mt. gox was, i.e. if it was a mountain, in what was a sort of snarky, derogatory tone (I'll admit it). I would like that thread upranked now thx. Seems okay now. It was taking 30-60 seconds to load the first page for awhile. This is ridiculous. It's like saying hammers should include screwdrivers. Just know your toolbox and you won't have a problem. PHP is great. What's with all the hate? It's a good tool for a certain kind of job, not the right tool for others. Big deal. There isn't a single language that you can't find bones to pick with. It's all about what you do with it and how you like to code. If you're comfortable writing server-side script in brainfuck, more power to you. Any language that lets you mix it in among standard HTML is going to generate spaghetti a lot of the time, because page order display and logic flow are inherently contradictory. Logic flow should be hierarchical and static, while page display is a text representation of visual UI choices having little or nothing to do with the logic of the data behind them. But for generating models, it's nice and quick. And for writing form/json/flash service code it does certain things extremely well; you can take a json object, parse it, escape it, run it through a mysql query and return a nicely formatted result object in about five lines. Again, it's whatever you want it to be. So, uh, can't we all just get along? I mean, I could make a list about why Java's a nightmare, or Javascript or C# or something else, but if I were hiring a coder who said, "yes, we must write this server in Neko" I would say, "okay, why?" And if the reasons were good, then great. Do it. These are just tools. You should never lean on them for something they weren't designed to do; but if you find that one matches the job, then use it! Okay, thanks for the links. However, I hate to say this: I code for a living, and I can't parse a lot of this *t. I read the hirelite blog post a few months ago and found it amusing, but not very helpful. The blog's subheaders are: Traction (nonsense marketing term; immeasurable hyperbolic bullshit; what you're in after a skiing accident) Domain experience (.com? .net? .social?) Marketing ability (ability to talk BS -- covered) Fundraising ability (as above) Product skill (uses the term metrics way too many times; "skill" with our product doesn't require Skill writ large anyway; that's the point of our product.) Respect for development (we hope so) Relevant connections or following (Dad? Mom? Facebook? We have those). This, in short, does not help because it reads like what a non-technical co-founder needs to know to get a job with us, not what we need to find the right NTCF. lol. Once we reach 10k users we'll sell their email addresses and go on vacation. This is the equivalent of holding up a sign that says "Homeless - need beer to put kids through college"