The winter scene actually gives me a lot of anxiety (norther climate dweller here). All I see are icy roads and cars in ditches. Everything else is definitely beautiful. > Which version of Babel, 5? or 6 I'm not really familiar with any popular build toolchain libraries written for 5 that haven't been updated to work with 6. It's not like a Python 2/3 scenario, or even an Angular 1/2. Companies generally don't hire at all if it's going to hurt the bottom line. There might be some exceptions around high profile positions (i.e. CEO) if there's an expectation that media attention and other factors might turn that loss into a profitable long-term investment, but it certainly isn't going to apply to your run-of-the-mill blue collar, middle manager or software developer position. I believe that's called indentured servitude, and at least in the US, cannot be enforced by contract law. This is really neat! You may want to also look at https://github.com/gcanti/babel-plugin-tcomb for some inspiration- I've used tcomb extensively for runtime ADT and typing, but using just Flow would be an interesting challenge! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_zone_(ecology) Among other factors, fertilizer runoff is a studied cause of substantial ecological effects. There's a huge rabbit hole to start you off. As a fellow engineer who also performs technical interviews, I cannot accept your first point. Solving trivial problems does not give you any useful information about how a person solves nontrivial problems. This is especially true if you are not specifying the language the candidate needs to use. What if I solved fizzbuzz in Haskell? It certainly would not look like a c# implementation, and you wouldn't be able to judge anything about it other than maybe it might produce a correct answer- is it idiomatic? Is it performant? Will it even compile? Technical interviews (especially when you consider candidates outside of your current language / stack) are about assessing capability and trajectory - willingness to learn and adapt. Rote memorization of objective problems that can be found online tell you nothing about how they will solve problems on the job. As for point two, memorizing solutions to problems with objective answers isn't a terribly valuable skill; presuming that it should be a requirement without announcing it in the job requirements is certainly analogous to hazing. Unless you want a team with little to no creativity, you are selecting for candidates that do not demonstrate what you actually need- and the success of your team is in spite of your hiring process, not enabled by it. I am sorry if this came across as either personal or exceptionally harsh, but I am pained by the amount of incredibly intelligent people who are willing to accept that suboptimal things ought to be, simply because they are. One of the biggest contributing factors for a team's - and company's- culture is its hiring practice, and it deserves far more attention than what our industry gives it. I'll address your second paragraph before returning to your first question- I think my answer will be a little more cohesive that way. The fundamental problem with whiteboard / live coding technical interviews is that you're selecting for candidates whose strengths aren't necessarily useful on the job. They: - have memorized answers to solved problems - work well under immediate pressure - demonstrate knowledge of basic programming techniques They do not: - demonstrate collaboration - demonstrate researching and gathering requirements (i.e. no access to the internet) - demonstrate planning or reasoning about business requirements In short, yes, they're solving problems, but they're not solving the same kinds of problems that you'll need them to solve on the job, nor are they solving them in the same way they'll be solving them on the job. These interviews select based on superficial qualities, and practically ignore the qualities of top candidates (teamwork skills, interpreting technical requirements from business requirements etc.) I had typed out a lengthy explanation of the process I'm currently using, but I realized I don't want to go too deeply into the weeds. In short, design a small challenge application for candidates to build, with the expectation that it'd take no more than a handful of hours, and let them turn it in on their own time (say, within a week). If they "pass", bring them in for a second, technical interview, which is a conversation based on what they submitted (i.e. how could they do X better, how would they add new feature Y, etc.) The benefit of that kind of process are numerous: 1- The time commitment of candidates is the same as a long whiteboard interview (or set of them), and they don't need to commit to all of the time at once (takes less time away from their current engagements) 2- The time commitment of employees is reduced to ~2-3 hours (one to evaluate, one to interview) 3- candidates are building a small application, meaning there's not an objective answer to be found on stack overflow to memorize 4- candidates have time to ask questions and demonstrate skills they are passionate about, but might not have been specifically requested- say, testing, user experience, flexible architecture to support future features, that sort of thing 5- The second interview becomes a relaxed conversation, where a broader selection of engineers perform well, as opposed to the more biased high-pressure scenarios that aren't typical of our day-to-day To do this well, of course, you ought to review the challenge and process each year, and have (preferably junior) employees test it to ensure that it will be respectful of candidate's time commitments and the value of the information the challenge will provide an evaluator. Given that you want to keep it limited to a few hours, you'll need to balance features that you think will be interesting with features that actually yield interesting information about the candidate for a second interview- anything that can be learned by simply asking a question doesn't actually need to be included. Finally, to return to the original topic of this thread, you potentially eliminate certain cultural biases that are irrelevant; not only is the candidate demonstrating capabilities more reflective of the job itself, but they are doing so before ever meeting in person. As a lifelong resident of a midwestern state in the US, I think it's less a matter of independence and more a matter of safety and legal issues. I too made plenty of solo excursions through our rural countryside at a young age. On the other hand, in major cities, parents are being charged with neglect if their young children walk a a few blocks up the street to go to a park. Not everywhere, but such stories crop up in the news every so often. Another part of the problem is that communities in America aren't (or seem to not be) quite as tight knit as they once were. There are plenty of explanations, from cultural shifts, family policy, excessively punitive drug policy, economic policy, decline of religion, decline of moral values, rise of the internet and easy access to excessive amounts of televised programming, cell phones and handheld video games, you name it, and someone has probably blamed something for it. This blog post makes no sense. The first half sounded reasonable- lack of funding for maintenance and scaling make it difficult to ensure the servers are up to date from a security perspective and service level... but losing flash has been the only significant backwards break that I'm aware of in the past few years. The second half seems really off. Sure, a few browser vendors have played with introducing new, non-standard features in the hopes that they would become standard such as native observers and web SQL, and backed down before they were standardized. But, there's no reason to think that the HTML/CSS/JS that they're using now will stop working at anytime in the remotely near future, since the site seems to work fine on multitude of browsers now. ...And I pay for public schools even though I do not and will not have children. I'm not complaining, mind you, but of the problems we could be trying to solve, this seems like a relatively low priority. My state also passed a sales tax (you know, the regressive kind) intended to preserve natural resources and cultural heritage, and most of the money has gone to art projects in the major metropolitan area that are mostly unappreciated. The point here is, yes, governments waste money, but making parking easier is hardly the worst offense. That precisely describes the example I gave (sales tax that funds pointless art projects noone likes), except the cost to the economy, and the impact on the poor, is readily quantifiable, unlike hypotheses of various opportunity costs regarding parking. Saying all parking is funded the same way and has the same externalities is both reductionist and absurd. Furthermore, what value empty lots provide is entirely up to the people who control them; several around here are used for farmers markets and other activities outside of peak time usage. We've got light rail and buses where I live; one of the light rail lines was poorly planned and is now subsidised somewhere around $20-30 per passenger per trip. Another was promised to ease traffic congestion and revitalize several neighborhoods along the path; it has done neither and has arguably made both worse (traffic has to stop when it goes by, and the horns contribute significant noise pollution) and driven down property values to a certain degree. Basically, costs are relative, and arguing over parking is far less productive than what we could be working on in our communities. There are certainly JS MV* frameworks older than 5 years... Dojo and puremvc come to mind. The existence of a regulatory structure means that if it's on a shelf, 99% of consumers trust it (see also nutritional supplements). The defacto assumption is that if it wasn't safe / correctly labeled, the government has done or will do something about it. The libertarian ideal would see consumers lose that fake safety net in favor of private organisations finding and providing that information; the specific mechanisms would vary but likely be not very different than what the government does now. The important piece is that people would stop assuming that words on a package are imperically true. It's a bit like the argument that Trump would have won the popular vote without the electoral college... because it existed, he campaigned differently than if it hadn't. Whether or not he actually could have gotten the popular vote is impossible to know at this point, but it's a hypothesis just the same. They are, but would engender less trust than if the government had approved it. Ergo, more critical review of their approvals / marketing. For consumer goods, companies would hold each other accountable- no company would advertise "X approved" once X was discovered to commit fraud or otherwise misrepresent their reviews. As for sibling comments on ratings agencies, I disagree. On the one hand, ratings agencies alone were not solely to blame; though they were ill equipped to understand the complexity of the new structures. As a result, the big three settled at least 14 lawsuits, suffered stock losses and other harms. Tell me, what can you do when the government fails? You can't sue the EPA when their inspectors accidentally cause a slurry retention pond to spill massive amounts of toxic waste. You can't sue the FDA when their safety inspections fail to catch conditions which allow spoilage and food poisoning. You can't sue the FDA when lobbyists push through unsafe medications. Guess who you can sue for damages? Private organisations (until the government interferes even more by declaring them too big to fail) I'll admit my examples were poor, but both of those you cited are apples to oranges comparisons. First, the lawsuits against the FDA are for over extending their regulatory reach, not for incorrectly asserting the qualities of a product. The note on the EPA is likewise allowing suits when it fails to act, not when it causes harm by acting. Even the Navajo lawsuit over the golden kings mine incident is based on years of neglectful oversight. The gold king mine corporation and some contractors are being named in the lawsuit for the actual damages. Edit: for what it's worth, I'm not personally in favor of ending ALL regulation in favor of creating a market for ratings companies; there are plenty of places in the economy where it wouldn't work as well as others. I'm merely playing devil's advocate, since the question was asked. The best places for this sort of thinking are really limited to consumer goods, if that. This title is wrong: the footnote is explicit in stating that the letter is only the opinion o the heterodox academy executive committee, and that the membership were not consulted in the drafting or content of the message. No operation with side effects should ever be run without validation- you could cast to an int, sure, but unless you validate the user is allowed to delete that particular int, you're still giving them free reign over your entire cart table. The biggest trouble with these questions is that people are learning many aspects of web development without understanding the separate concerns they should be aware of when heading to production code. It's difficult to (a) avoid over-answering and explaining everything while also (b) avoid giving insecure advice What should have been invalid input has been turned into valid input, but the valid input doesn't reflect the user's intent. As a result, the behavior is undefined. Best case scenario, nothing happens. Worst case, random rows are deleted. Personally, I don't think introducing undefined behavior is ever good advice, even if it is technically correct advice. All of this really just gets at my original point, though: there are so many things for new developers to learn that it is extremely difficult to provide good answers on a forum like SO. That doesn't diminish the value, but we have to be aware of, accept, and make clear this fact. Depends on which sector of the industry you're working in. I've participated in the hiring process (technical interviewer) for several candidates from bootcamps. What they clearly lack in expertise (which can be learnt) they more than make up for in intangible qualities of character- self-driven, hungry to learn, motivated not only to do well, but to do better each time. Many come from backgrounds that are also useful, but not commonly found in degreed programs, such as former project managers, academic researchers, etc. If you can afford the time and effort required to have a green developer on your team, they can be some of the best hires you'll ever get. With regard to your specific call out of 3 months, the one I'm familiar with had something like 50-60 hour weeks. Most people were learning non-stop, focused primarily on easy-access web tech such as html, css, front-end and server-side JS, and mongodb. However, many of them also dabbled in a variety of other languages on their own time, such as python, c, java, as well as graph and SQL databases. They graduate coding bootcamps with more ready for web development than many learn at more degreed programs. It's entirely possible that that level of expertise simply isn't enough where you work, and that's totally fine. But don't imagine that there isn't a place for these people within the industry. (For reference, I've been in the industry myself for 7 years, and have never personally attended a bootcamp) It's interesting to me that all of the initial reactions I've seen to this announcement have been around the introduction of async and object spread, which are available with babel, but the typescript specific features such as mapped types are completely ignored. I don't really have any particular meaning behind that observation, only that it tickled my funny bone a little bit. Did you mean to reply to my comment? If so, to help clarify, I wasn't critiquing the long delay of those features; I merely was amused that they've gotten so much more attention than the far more novel features that were also released. I'm not able to name names, but legally speaking, it's no worse than MIT or BSD. Sure, there's a retaliation clause, but that's just affirmation of what companies who publish with the others aren't telling you. In effect, it's more, not less, permissive and honest. INAL, but that's what I've been told by one. You can easily get runtime ADTs from libraries like tcomb and folktale. While you lose out on some tooling, you gain advantages such as ad-hoc types and boundary checking (I.e. Ajax responses), as well as metadata (in the case of tcomb) for things like automated form generation and validation. In the US, the official unemployment rate cited is the U-3 rate, which is exclusively limited to those currently seeking a job, with no employment status at all. Partial employment (such as part-time) due to economic circumstances, as well as those who are within the employable age range (18-60something) but are not employed nor seeking a new job due to economic circumstances (i.e. gave up) are covered by the U-6 measurement, which is substantially higher at 9.8%. See here: https://www.bls.gov/lau/stalt.htm That page also has links to historical measurements back to 2003, and you can probably find further back (though I'm not sure if there are older resources that also include the state-by-state breakdown). I tend to do exploration on my phone when I have downtime while being out and about. Mobile friendly docs are a sure way to keep my attention on your project if I stumble upon it during these times. Of course, I do plenty of research from my desktop as well, so if it's a choice between getting a new release out on time or having a perfect mobile experience, I'd suggest library authors prefer getting timely releases out myself. It's easy to see government as representative of the people when you live in a small country, or if you're thinking about your local government. When a government has 300 million+ people to represent, it needs to have very limited responsibilities and powers, because the common interests of so many people are very limited. That is (cargo culting political attitudes aside) largely why the American relationship with the federal government is "adversarial"- the larger it grows, the easier it is for special, non-representative interests to take advantage of. There's a similar story played out among union participation here; the larger the union, the less individuals feel that it is working exclusively in their best interests. Likewise: approval for individual congressional representatives is typically high, but Congress itself invariably has very low approval ratings. On the one hand, it's great for a large, distributed team of developers who are responsible for multiple programming disciplines... Mostly because the documentation is all in one spot, and angular material is very comprehensive. Personally, I prefer react, with small swarth of libraries such redux and tcomb to fill out the rest. However, it can be confusing for non-full time JS developers to discover that react isn't an all-encompassing, monolithic framework, and get lost trying to figure out which libraries are responsible for the different pieces of the puzzle. It can (and has been) done, but I do understand why people would rather use Angular in that scenario- the "don't think out of the box, it's got everything you need" mindset reminds me a lot of ember, which certainly has its fans and upsides as well. Pick something, get comfortable with it, then pick up something else. All of these choices solve similar problems from different perspectives, and understanding them will help you get a bit of a deeper understanding of the trade-offs when more new updates and tools come out. If your lawn is unkempt, it may become a breeding ground for vermin and make weed and invasive species control all the more difficult. If I want to sell my house, the value is somewhat diminished by your presence. Ergo, peer pressure and government ordinance arise to settle the dispute. Otoh, if you want to live somewhere without those things, get a home in the country where you can get more acres for your buck. Normally, I would agree that individuals should be able to do as they please with their property; I'm typically a libertarian fellow. In this case, though, it's fairly obvious that "proper maintenance" is established to prevent harm to others, and that harm can be objectively measured. With all of that said, I definitely wouldn't live anywhere with a housing association; there are limits to the above argument that I find they frequently cross. I got that bit, though it's far less common to have problems out there like this. Being in the country isn't enough, of course, but it's a first step for the people most commonly afflicted with onerous (or seemingly onerous) regulations. How much of your work can be rightly patented? I imagine these sorts of agreements prevent employees from developing something in the due course of their work, patenting it, then charging the company for the use of the work they were already paid for via salary. I.e., it's a simple protection against extortion. Kindof. If you look at aws lambda, you get a few more things for the overhead price: namely, integration with other services (Iam, cognito) and no need to worry about whether your auto scaling setup or instance sizes are appropriate... It really is just a logical extension of the concept of the cloud. Then again, I certainly wouldn't use it for everything, but ymmv I have built multi-10k+ line applications in angular 1, 2 and react. My personal preference is react by a mile. The concept of modules and dependency injection was nice before we had any sort of module systems, but at this point it's essentially entirely busy work, given tools like proxyquire when testing. Template compilation errors are a nice step up from 1, but those that I've seen have been very misleading and have been the cause of wasted hours debugging. Angular 2 makes extensive use of the Reflection API for metadata, which combined with the fact that angular-cli is hard-coded to perform static analysis (even if you disable AOT) is another pain point. I'm trying to build the equivalent to "react storybook" for our platform, and it's taken me about 3x the time it would have with React. With all of that said, if you need a "think-inside-the-box" tool for a large, decentralized dev team, angular can win out- there are fewer places to look for documentation, which will be nice when angulars documentation improves. I actually find that React better encourages smaller, cleaner components with fewer responsibilities, but that's also likely due to being very familiar with the redux paradigm. Finally, if you want very flexible components, react wins hands down, because components can be used as properties to other components; dynamically rendering components in angular has always had an inversion of control issue. That's been my experience; ymmv. One in angular 2, two in 1, and another that was a maaasive project in react. Team sizes varied from 3 devs to 12 or 16 (I forget which) JSX is a macro (it's expended to plain JS at compile time). Almost every other major framework uses DSLs (strings are evaluated and transformed into code at run time). Classes and inheritance are features of type systems, not OOP. Plenty of functional programming JS libraries use classes for testing types (for example, the Either monads' Left and Right). Hardly. Plenty of species exhibit cannibalism; see certain spiders and praying mantis (mantis?) post-mating rituals. The law isn't nearly so cut and dry as that. After all, if something operates as a business, and also has a brick-and-mortar storefront, then it is also liable to accessibility guidelines per the ADA (see the lawsuit against Target a few years back). As such, publicly accessible websites are, in effect, no less common areas than storefronts. Of course, there's a way around this; websites could establish 'membership requirements' such as using a browser that does not have an ad blocker enabled; the content for most of the website would require being a member and volunteering to abide by membership rules to access. Violate those rules, and you would risk losing your membership and access to the content, though I seriously doubt grounds could be established for a lawsuit over it. As someone with only passing familiarity with lisps and the topic of himoiconicity, I really appreciated the article. However, I kindof wish the author had skipped treating the quote/unquote attempt as a solution. I spent too long attempting to reason through the syntax before moving on with the article. If course, if the article had been a simple conversation between myself and the author, I would not have been able to dwell on it and the author could have guided me right through it, but in the written format, it definitely feels like I was the target of a game of nerd sniping[0]. [0] https://xkcd.com/356/ meat power has one advantage in the customer service industry (including fast food): robots aren't great at customer service. People are accustomed to being able to talk to another person. With the rise of the $15 minimum wage movement, a number of chains are experimenting with replacing some or most of their employees with automated kiosks and other devices. As they become less novel, and as wages continue to rise, expect there to be fewer fast food jobs available. It is a minor inevitability; I've seen burger assembly robots that will make, from raw ingredients (including the ground meat) burgers in a handful of minutes. The only human intervention needed is refilling ingredient hoppers and cleaning. Once people get used to not seeing so many other humans behind the counter, and the capital outlay to buy / rent / install the machines goes down (at least, relative to wages) they are likely to be much more widespread. This isn't even remotely new. Apple and windows have been doing the same ever since computers were in schools. Heck, I even got free oem copies of Vista and 7, and Ms word through my school (University) which were provided to the school well below what the normal prices were. The fact that Google is providing a subjectively better alternative isn't remotely new, but if it works better and see lower cost to schools, I'm more than happy to see it happen. Not to mention that many are owner-operators, meaning they own the truck itself. This may slow the adoption of self-driving trucking for smaller companies (many larger companies do own the truck), but it will hurt the drivers that much more when it happens. In my experience designing these things, 1-2 hours only provides enough time for very simple assignments, which aren't enough to actually inform the reviewer much at all about you as an individual. It's hard to get one at 4 hours, but that provides just enough to really see something while still being respectful of candidates' time. Of course, this is entirely dependant on the type of programming that you're hiring for! That is entirely owing to the time between the farm and the customer's mouth, not the time it takes to pick. There's still a small window where the fruit is grown enough to be edible (and a desirable size) but not so ripe that it is overripe by the time you buy it. Ouch. I haven't worked at a place that contributed less than 6%; my current employer also adds a flat 5% to a separate pension so people don't get bit by the maximum tax free limit (as opposed to simply matching more than 6%) Most libraries have flags for an environment variable to skip freezing in "production" mode; any decent minifier will remove the conditions since they can't be reached, so there's no performance penalty. Tcomb does this, and is far and away one of my favorite JS libraries for all of the other features it provides as a result. Edit: to be clear, tcomb provides runtime types, algebraic data concepts, pattern matching, validation, and with plugins react form generation and other things. Immutability is a simple consequence of needing to guarantee a valid value stays valid; it's not so much a "feature" per se The thing is, it can be done by a "non programmer" without IT or admin overhead. Building or buying a new solution outside of Office requires far more buy-in and cost. It may not be the best workflow, but it is the most accessible one for an individual to start with. Edit: for what it's worth, I agree that it can be a hindrance to a company when it becomes a core operating process. However, that doesn't mean that it is inherently wrong for many needs Buying a jet creates high paying, skilled jobs which support families, their children's education, and so forth. The downstream effect from the purchase includes the pilot, the airport expenses, maintenance crew, and the taxes on the expenses and all of those salaries. Not a cent of the money is in any way wasted. I'm reminded of the Maryland luxury tax, which allegedly crippled their boat building industry and put a lot of middle class people out of their jobs. I say allegedly because I remember the story, not the source that confirmed that there weren't other coinciding factors. Fuel and depreciation are only destroyed wealth if there is no lost opportunity by not purchasing them, and that entertainment alone is not a sufficiently worthy value. Presuming so would also argue that the majority of human endeavor is also waste; everything from entertaining TV shows to having small animals as pets to music lessons to trips to private space flight to works of fiction. I wouldn't paint so broad a brush with your "only path" argument; I've never listed my salaries, and have always negotiated my own (even when connected to jobs via a recruiter). Then again, I'm fortunate to have highly sought skills and years of experience, but I wouldn't go so far as to say that's the only way to get fair pay. Edit: I should point out that I'm not making anything to brag about by silicon valley standards, but I also live somewhere with much, much lower cost of living and salaries in general, and make the high end of what's common out here.