Grails!! OP here. Sorry for the URL, but I caught it in my twitter feed on my mobile phone and posted it. Maybe HN's mods can fix that. I tried to editing it but while you can edit the title and/or add text, you can't edit the URL (which makes sense, actually). Sorry guys. Thanks! Just the answer i was looking for!!! I love how Ikea embraces new technologies to make life actually easier, without bulls t. Actually, inside any client, you can do M-x eval-buffer and re-evaluate your whole .emacs. http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_node/emacs/Lis... A note: I' be careful though, because depending on how you create your variables, thing can go wrong, I guess: if you-re going to use eval-buffer on your whole .emacs, I'd better use, for example, add-hook instead to add-to-list: (add-hook c-mode-hook 'linum'mode) instead of: (add-to-list c-mode-hook 'linum-mode) Just saying. Have fun with your configs :) lol It's been a while since I last "walked out", but the one time I most clearly remember is this: Informed this guy I was not going to work any further with him, took another job on and simply ignored his emails/texts/whatever. Blocked him from calling me (Android blacklist). I just saw him one or two times, to collect the remaining payments. I've been pretty formal when talking him, and whenever he asked "I'm doing things" was my reply. "Suit up!!" That is Murphy trolling you very, very hard. There's even an AMI image for Amazon ec2 hosts IIRC, which brings down the costs when coupled with a reserved instance. Well, consider that probably the content was developed by someone who knows what he/she is talking about, and has been later edited by content editors, mistakenly. This is a reasonable explanation to me. I always thought that having a yearly subscription to a gym that provides at least showers and lockers is a good idea. OP's story seems to confirm. I used to use ZoneAlarm free firewall back in the day I was using Windows. At first it's annoying because it'll ask every single time a process wants to use the network, but after you train it, you'll get warned and explicitly ask whenever a program outside your regular ones wants to access the internet. But keep in mind that if, for example, you allow Firefox to access the internet, you won't be protected from code run by Firefox doind nasty networking stuff. Oh, I must pay attention to that. That is a very interesting observation. Edit: In the land I come from (south Italy) it was fairly common up to 50s and 60s for a couple to raise many children, as many as 7 or eight. The reason is dead simple: being the economy largely based on agriculture and being schools not very common, more children meant more helping hands. That need has basically disappeared. I came to think that many, many times deep understanding an elegant, well crafted solution are just an exercise of style, not really needed, and not actually needed (often a waste of time). And __DON'T__ get me wrong on this: I love understanding how things work and write beautiful code. The thing is: you're working for a company, and let's say you're using $language and $framework. You have the deadline in a month (or two months, or n months). You come across a problem. And here the kind of company you're working for makes the difference. If you're working for a small or medium sized company, maybe it's just better to google an answer and do some copy-paste from stack overflow. Small-sized companies have more interest in getting things done than anything else. Typically. If otherwise you're working for a big company, you're developing code which will be used by thousands (millions?) of users and your company has (or wants to establish) a role in the open source industry, then you sit down and examine the bug, you examine the stack traces, you fix it, and maybe submit a patch. Not only that, you also want to make your code as fast as it can possibly be. Because saving 2% execution time on two servers may not be that interesting if you have to spend three weeks, but saving execution time on 300 or 400 servers (or more)... Well, that matters. As many other said, it's all about compromise. You may want to consider applying for a position to $big_company. THIS. THIS. THIS. THIS. A MILLION TIMES THIS. The source code is awful and crappy, but 14 years later it still renders. Also if you save the page and load in the browser it will still load correctly. Gloriosus tales of a forgotten past. Working, so that i'll charge 1/3600th of dollar more. Did you guys try Emacs' org-mode? I feel its syntax to be similar to markdown but way more powerful. THIS. I cannot agree more: MEGA. It just works, it has client for android, windows, mac, ios, gnu/linux. Also, if you feel like paying, it's way more cheap than Dropbox. And you get privacy! All of the encryption and decryption is done client side. If you don't believe that, go and see the (public!) APIs. Algorithms. I mean, bad algorithms. When your algorithms is O(N^2) or worse, like O(N^3), the computer will handle small amount of data, and faster hardware will only allow your N to grow very little. (N being the amount of data your algorithm is dealing with). ...wow. I might just get off The bed and try it right now. Tetris is among The games GNU Emacs provides. Coincidence? I think not. I opened this tab and forgot about it. Didn't realize it was a car purring, began doing smartctl tests on my hard disk. Lol. 999£ will get you a brand new computer, why spend it on an external graphic card ? Hey, you may want to check this out: https://stack-todolist.herokuapp.com/ It's an application I wrote as I was learning Go. It's a "bookmark stack". You want to save a link? You push it in the stack. You want to read something interesting ? You trust your past self and pop something from the stack. One of the ideas is not to know what's on the stack until you've popped it out, and get used to read a page carefully once it's popped, and not to stack links "indefinitely". It a bit WIP, but feedback are welcome. Next thing on the to-do list is bootstrappizing the general look&feel. This is The dawn of a brand new era. I had nice results blocking ads with squid+adzapper. The nice thing is that it does not slow down firefox, ad opposed to the adblock plus extension. I've been writing m68k asm code and building gcc-based toolchains until two months ago for the computer architecture exam. In my emacs setup, I use Hermit (a font for programmers, by a programmer) https://pcaro.es/p/hermit/ The article is paywalled and i can't read it. Might sound like a stupid idea, but using "issues" on GitLab/GitHub ? They're pretty easy to understand, users can assign issues to other users, and labels make it easy to say what kind of problem the issue refers to. If you can't work... You can't work. Mutt or The emacsclient in terminal mode (ncurses) Good luck getting 86MPG with an used Lupo 3L. And hey, driving downhill is cheating. Also confronting used stuff with new stuff is just dumb. Plus, I don't know where you live, but in the city a thing like this could do just fine: in the city where I live I see plenty of Renault Twizys driving just fine. Lol!! Sincere kudos to Leonardo. I used to hang out with him and some others in #netbsd-it on freenode some years ago (when I was using NetBSD). He is a very nice guy. Emacs' org-mode is missing. This. But what if robustirc goes down? :P Could you elaborate on that ? This is spam in italian... LOL ? Yes, most is awesome. I recommend that too. JsonPath is no standard and last time I checked there only was a quick-and-dirty JavaScript implementation. Oh God someone is finally speaking some sense on this topic. From the replies: > What type of cat did you use? This may require a certain > weight distribution and pawing behaviour to avoid keyboard > buffer overflow. "Oh cazzo, un debian!" -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5ocXFgowZA Just a quote: "Don't worry, I've got a small program that reads from /dev/null!" Step 0: Get a folding bike. Step 1: Be an adult and carry it around with you. Might feel strange at first, but eventually people will get used to it and will stop asking questions. Step 2: Live happily. As a proud X220 user, i can confirm it is an awesome laptop. As of window manager, I am giving stumpwm an extended try. No complaints so far.