It's great that Miguel de Icaza posted this, with .Net being open sourced, the future Mono was uncertain. Most likely your phone has unwanted software or your carrier is injecting ads. At least it seems clean on my Android using Chrome or Firefox. I didn't even click the article because, AFAIK, no one has "unlocked" autism yet and thought it was spam. "May" or "might" would have made the tense clearer. Now that you mentioned it, I can't stop seeing the 'a's. They're really annoying. Someone at Reddit explained that these ridiculous cases come from inconsistencies between federal and state law. In most USA states, adulthood is granted at 16-17 years, but federal law states adulthood is granted at 18 years. How the prosecutor gets to convince the court that someone is both a minor and an adult illegally taking advantage of himself without being laughed at is beyond my understanding. I've been reading Lewis Dartnell's "The Knowledge: How to Rebuild our World from Scratch", and it is exactly what you want. A insightful collection of recipes to bootstrap civilization after a global disaster. http://the-knowledge.org/en-gb/the-book/ I hope I don't get to use it ever, but it is really interesting as it necessarily explains the fundamentals of our current civilization. Not OP, but I would guess the components were not to sell, but to use. You spoke to Daniel Suarez's Daemon! You made me learn that latinum is a silvery liquid. You're throwing a baseball, but at the last moment you spot a kid running into its path. You tried to stop your arm but it was already in motion. You decided half a second too late. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuroscience_of_free_will#Over... And awfully in Firefox, full UI lag. I know Firefox's implementation makes this its fault, but come on, it doesn't hurt to test the home page in it. This put me off too, although only Firefox has responsiveness issues. I'd suppose most kids learned quickly that you could float mid fall and bypass the energy penalty. Even if you fell by accident, it cost practically nothing. We will always win at love and free will /s This would actually be great for the field. I don't think this is the place to seek cool comments. I come here precisely for the technical discussions. It is probably an issue with your video driver. No text editor should feel laggish right off the bat. The open source Radeon driver is prone to sluggishness. Damn, TIL that bar was not decorative. Probably had laser eye surgery. Doesn't seem like he uses glasses. Then why was this such a huge deal? http://www.databreaches.net/191-million-voters-personal-info... If only "in secret" really meant "only between diplomats" and not "hidden from the public but not corporations". Someone always has children. Your legacy will not be wasted. I prefer to keep the mystery and not know all about my opinions from the start. It's the small discoveries that keep the flame of love alight in our marriage. And the alert tone could be ICQ's "Uh-oh". I'm no expert, but wouldn't said seed first be baked by the heat of an impact strong enough to launch a chunk of planet to space? My ideal notes app would be a rich-text offline hierarchical organizer like CherryTree ( http://www.giuspen.com/cherrytree ) with a mobile version and synchronization thru Dropbox or similar (like KeePass). Cloud solutions are nice, and I've tried several, but it always feels more like a convenience for the provider rather than the consumer. What is this congress that imposes Helium prices worldwide? Being experimental and open source resonates with most users here, but it doesn't make the project immune from technical criticism. Aesthetically, it's an interesting proposal for minimalism, but technically, it's literally the opposite. I fear in a few decades we would buy a cheap robot and command it to scare the cats perpetually. Just 5400 more days and I'll be able to downvote! What a time to be alive! USA is the country with the highest illegal drug consumption by far, obviously it's not the will of its people. We've used Zabbix for 5 years to monitor about 200 servers/computers and 100 networked devices using a combination of TCP pings, SNMP, HTTP, SSH and the resident agent. It's really well thought, flexible beyond what we use, and configurable entirely from a web interface. There aren't good alternative to the web interfaces, though, so projects of this kind are nice. Because they insistingly invite you if you happen to land on a Facebook link? This is as simple and sustainable as you can get. Even the aluminum alternative is more wasteful. "making the website effectively racist regarding devs" Just so your communication skills improve, discrimination is not the same as racism. It's confusing. I'd think it means it shrunk 0-2 times by an indeterminate amount. Just a thought: some times, when you start to feel the side effects, it's too late to correct them, specially if it's organ failure. Please read the side effects. That certainly would freak out anybody. How Skynet was born: - SYSTEMD IS AN ABERRATION AGAINST ALL THAT IS UNIX! - But A.I, you use systemd to boot... There's an annual celebration between the cities of Brownsville, Texas and Matamoros, Tamaulipas which could have been the precursor of this idea. It's called "Día del Charro" (Charro Day) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charro_Days . The two cities are in such good terms that even in the late eighties migration control was suspended one day so people could freely cross forth and back to see the parade starting in downtown Brownsville and ending in downtown Matamoros. This free crossing was discontinued due to federal laws, but the two cities remain as close as ever. Wow, you're good. You easily reverse engineered their reverse engineering. It's surprising that a dedicated phisher would go so blatantly overboard, knowing it would stand like a sore thumb. This wasn't spearphishing, it was regular phishing in a pond. Have you considered non-propietary alternatives in your stack solely to reduce licencing? I understand technology choices are shaped by many factors, I'm just curious. I believe the sentiment is not "wanting to stickg to one thing", but rather "we keep fixing development by adding more layers and complexity". So? They'd lay eggs with wings. Come on, at least buy a few nice wallpapers, carpet or curtains. Something good enough to look nice but cheap enough you can leave behind if you move. It wasn't Chinese then, but it is now. My first guess was closed source :/ Just keep in mind that's against Apple's EULA. Yes. Next question.