> I like that AMP forced publishing companies to take a hard look at page performance, for the first time in a while. True and false. It forced companies to pay attention to page performance... and then create an entirely separate version of every page they have, using up valuable developer time that could have been spent making the original pages faster. Google should (and now/soon are?) assess the performance of the page and rank it accordingly, not force everyone to make two versions of their site. But this is where the sneaky part of AMP comes in: they wanted that side-swiping carousel that meant you never engaged deeply with any one site and instead stayed on google.com (and kept those google.com ad cookies, natch). There was no way to force people into that without AMP. ...how do you think those AMP pages got made other than with valuable developer time? AMP versions of sites aren't just magicked out of thin air! Without "valuable developer time" there are no AMP sites. I think the point you're actually making is that without AMP forcing these sites to be faster, they would still be slow. Which I agree with. But as I said in my original post, Google ranking sites according to their performance would have the exact same effect as forcing AMP on people, except that it would let sites choose their own implementation rather than be strong-armed into one controlled by Google. > The parent argument was that the time spent differently would have the same effect. Again, no. The argument was that time spent focused on page performance would have the same effect. If Google punished slow pages in rankings that is all the incentive needed, not the creation of an entirely new platform. > Integrates with my watch and phone in such a way that I don’t even have to pull it out to pay. That’s contactless payment. Entirely possible without any Apple anything. A more cynical person might say that one of Apple’s strengths is marketing commoditised capabilities as something special. Ehhhh. Self driving cars have been just around the corner for a long time now. Not saying it won’t happen, but I wouldn’t buy a Tesla today on the assumption that it’ll happen within the lifetime of that car. That isn’t a very helpful comment. Perhaps you could illuminate us? Rust also lets you avoid atomics by using structs that implement Send. Having an async function return such a struct is a lot easier to map mentally (for me, at least) I think the OP was using examples from a different ecosystems to demonstrate how such a consensus could be reached, if people wished for it. I think your comments have made that clear. Which is fair enough. But I imagine others feel differently. I think the biggest reason is simply that esbuild hasn’t been around for that long and isn’t as customisable as Webpack. The latter point is important: if esbuild wants to introduce more customisability it’ll need to use more JS, and be slower. Because there’s a very small defined set of actions a person can take in such games: backwards, forwards, left, right, etc. By comparison pages have dozens of links, form fields, menus, etc. It’s not that they can’t be navigated with the keyboard alone, it’s that it’s rarely the most efficient way of doing it. Clicking a link will always be quicker than pressing tab X number of times to select it. Why is keyboard use the pinnacle of UI? Pretty much every device has some kind of mouse-like device attached to it, and trackpads with good scrolling (e.g. Apple ones) are a wonderfully intuitive way to control movement. I get that HN likes using the keyboard for stuff like terminals, I do too. But web pages aren’t terminal applications. The situation you’re describing is one where trained professionals use one and only one UI. Web sites aren’t like that. They’re used by a vast number of people of differing technical ability, and different sites do incredibly different things. I’m not saying a keyboard UI is never right. I’m saying that it isn’t universally right. Everyone says that Apple’s business is selling hardware but that’s changing. Apple Music, Apple TV, iCloud storage and their commission on app sales are all clear software incentives. Yes, they’re still dominated by hardware sales but it’s obvious they are interested in diversifying. Count me among those people. The U.K. is home to some absolutely wonderful people but those in power (and those who wish to be close to that power) are depressingly small thinkers, to me. Their vision is locked on a semi-fictional past where Great Britain was an exceptional country without fault or failure. They want to recapture something that never existed and are willing (if not eager) to throw away a position that was enviable for those in and out of the EU. I knew someone that worked at Apple around the launch of the iPhone. They worked on the macOS (then OSX, I guess) team and said they had very little idea that the iPhone was coming, despite it heavily using OS work they’d done. They were called into a few meetings and asked obscure questions but were never told why. So I guess that helps. But it seems wildly inefficient to me. I guess it helps to have a giant pile of cash. This is really cool but I doubt this is now PICO8 works, since PNG lets you create arbitrary chunks of data that standard decoders will ignore: > All ancillary chunks are optional, in the sense that encoders need not write them and decoders can ignore them. http://www.libpng.org/pub/png/spec/1.2/PNG-Chunks.html I stand corrected! I maintain it’s an odd choice given the availability of alternatives, but I suppose it’s all in good fun. IMO it’s a different question. SQLite and Postgres are both relational databases, it stands to reason that they’re at least doing things in similar ways. They’re two implementations of the same idea(ish). A graph database is something else altogether. Grafting that capability onto a relational database has the potential to perform horribly. It’s a bad analogy, but SQLite to Postgres is like AMD vs Intel x86 CPUs, whereas a graph database is ARM. Can it be emulated? Yes. Is there a far greater potential for slowdown? Yes. I got a Roku device too, and just didn't connect it to the internet. Works fine for me. I'd still prefer an unconnected option, but this will do. I’ll admit I’m in the same boat as the OP: overwriting accessors in this way sets off alarm bells internally based on my own past experience of writing code that’s too clever for its own good. But to turn this on its head, can you give an example of the kind of divine, really nice solution you’d get from using this? > they didn’t have the correct understanding/skills to manage a Mongo DB According to the post they paid Mongo a lot of money for support and they didn’t have the correct understanding/skills either. It sounds to me like the core problem is their requirement to run Mongo on their own AWS stack rather than Mongo’s, and while Mongo claimed to support it seems like they didn’t really. No doubt this was a huge migration but from my personal perspective going from Mongo to Postgres feels like a move in the right direction in the long term. For one you have a lot more options for support! I see this as something different: the sign of a mature product. What are competitors doing that Google Maps isn’t? Maybe I’m missing something but I see no significant features. (Not to mention, the Maps API != Google Maps the product) > So if people had been allowed to take experimental vaccines, the pandemic would have been a lot better. > In this circumstance as well, taking a chance is worth it. Nope nope nope nope. This is the literal example of survivor bias. You can't look at the results and use them to inform prior behaviour. The vaccine could have had catastrophic side effects. One extra problem with Amazon is that a lot of products are sold by third party merchants and their site UX seems to deliberately obscure the fact. Same goes for Walmart, though I have less experience using them. If I order from Amazon, from Amazon, I tend to have good experiences. If I order third party from Amazon it’s a crap shoot. There’s such a long tail of it, too: I still see ADC connectors in hotel room phone docks, etc. People care about seasons and regularity a great deal. I know that it’s warm in the summer, so I’ll book a beach holiday then. Moving my vacation plans by a few weeks every few years to ensure they’re still in good weather would be a nightmare. Not least because people would probably want school holidays to match that time period. The calendar feels very illogical and made up compared to most measurement systems but there’s a reason why they are what they are! A much more realistic proposal would be to just give people every other Friday off. Or work one Friday a month, something like that. A “body”/a person. I suspect the OP is from the U.K. or Australia or similar, it’s slang there. I suppose it’s kind of a gender neutral version of the U.S. “guy”. I think it’s that the tests aren’t run, and consequently, they don’t guarantee the tests pass, which means it might not behave exactly the same as a tier 1 platform. So the difference is bigger than just tests. I still think that’s an overgeneralisation. I’d say make sure you can be content with your work. But would I trade half the fulfilment for double the salary? You bet I would. My family could have a better life, I could do more exciting things in my spare time, I could even make sure my children have a better education, etc etc. It all goes back to what the OP was saying: it depends what’s most important to you. I agree that it’s not abusive but “blood money” and “drug lord” is pretty absurd language to use. I’m sure it’s the result of passion but it undermines the point rather than aids it. I tried Jellyfin but the front end apps (Apple TV, Roku etc) are either non existent or very inferior compared to Plex. It’s a shame because the server worked great for my purposes (even has the DVR functionality I use in Plex!). I suppose it just highlights how difficult it actually is to do this stuff: sharing a front end across multiple incompatible platforms is something an open source project struggles to do. Plex seems like they’re in a bind. They need to diversify their user base because their current one is very heavily based on people sharing pirated content (every time I point this out someone says they they only use Plex with Blurays they’ve legally purchased and ripped... and good for you! But you’re not close to the normal user) and I figure they’re in constant fear of legal action shutting them down. At least the streaming, DVR etc functionality allows them to make a plausible claim that people use their product for entirely legal means. I’ve gotten enough value out of my lifetime subscription that I won’t feel cheated if Plex disappears, but it’s good to know solutions like Jellyfin are nearly there when/if it does. Unfortunately I make heavy use of the DVR functionality (live TV, TV guide, looking at upcoming recordings etc) that both Jellyfin and Plex provide, but third party clients like Infuse ignore. But thanks for the suggestion! Who knows, maybe I’ll be able to pair Infuse with some kind of third party DVR client in the future. Apple TV only I think. Why can't you take issue with both? No difference for Biden, but a significant difference for the Senate, who staff panels with the power to investigate Facebook. Not totally the same as React as you still need to transpile JSX in most scenarios. I suspect that’s what they’re getting at. That's why I said "in most scenarios". Every React codebase I've ever worked in has used JSX. You just admitted that "it's common". That's another way of saying "in most scenarios". I don't know why you're splitting hairs like this. I reject the idea of an “other side” here. It’s very popular to bucket these things into black and white binaries but I don’t buy it. There are people who are on the fringes, both left and right, and then there are a lot of people who fit somewhere in the middle. Even “left” and “right” is a vast oversimplification at times. When you start to think about it that way the perspective you’ve outlined doesn’t make a lot of sense. Should these people have legally nonsensical court cases heard simply because they’re a minority group and we need to ensure diversity in plaintiffs or something? Overall, the argument only makes sense if there is some innate “right to be heard” that these people are being deprived of. There isn’t. There have been fringe movements that weren’t indulged by society at large for thousands of years, I’m not sure why any obligation would have changed. I actually think that Trump, of all people, is the worst to try to make that case with. At the click of his fingers he’ll have cameras from every major news network and reporters from every newspaper in a room to listen to what he says. Inevitably whatever he does say will be on Twitter instantly. Not that it matters that much because the majority of the country aren’t even on Twitter. They read about his tweets in news reports. I don’t buy that Twitter is a source of power for Trump. It is his communication medium of choice, certainly. But his power has always been in making controversial statements that generate headlines. He doesn’t need Twitter for that. I’d throw a note of caution in the opposite direction though: as a group, HN are very atypical users of social media. Every time there’s a post about Facebook one of the most upvoted comments is someone saying they deleted Facebook. Societally speaking that’s super weird. I still have Facebook but even then, over the holidays I saw the feeds of some older relatives and it was unlike anything I’ve seen before. An absolute mess of corrosive disinformation. Even knowing about it, I still don’t know it well. I don’t live in it. I can’t speak about it authoritatively. And it’s not even like, say, a subreddit. You can’t wander in and take a look, it’s all private to the user. I don’t know whether the current censorship moves are wise or not, but as a group we’re not exposed to the reason the censorship is taking place. The HN crowd tends to lean towards free speech absolutism (as does the internet at large), which feels like a good reflex in general. But there’s mitigating context here and I don’t know that we (as a group) are the best people to talk to it. “typical” in the sense that there are lots of examples of it, yes. But “typical” in the sense that it’s something the majority of people do... absolutely not. My social circle is full of people that deleted FB. But when I step outside that circle not being on FB is very rare. There’s a base assertion in your comment that all Presidents should be treated equally. If one President lies by an order of magnitude more than other Presidents, shouldn’t they be treated differently? Any muted video can already auto play, irrespective of format. Still accessible via the web, of course (and from what I understand Parler is a PWA that can be installed to the homescreen). From my understanding of the reasoning behind deplatforming I think there comes a point where it isn’t worth chasing any more. The aim isn’t to remove the sites entirely, but to make it difficult enough to find that people won’t just stumble across them or seamlessly follow a link to them. Last I heard Stormfront still exists on Tor and presumably still serves a dedicated audience. But I imagine it has a considerably larger problem attracting new readers than it used to. But individual deposits were guaranteed were they not? I bought $100 worth in 2014 when it was $580. Now I wish I'd bought $1000. But of course I never would have, because it was a crazy risk at the time, and still is today. I see the parallel you're trying to draw here but it doesn't make a lot of sense. I'm pretty sure the US was going to war in Iraq no matter what NYT said, but I'm happy to be proven wrong. The faulty NYT reporting gave the government a certain level of cover to allow them to do what they already planned to do. Parler was a forum for participants to discuss and actively plan sedition. And there's already violence threatened in the days around inauguration so it stands to reason it could have served the same role again.