>Voila, you have basically got bitpay. Yeah because their service can be reduced to 100 lines of code. Infrastructure, support, all the services they provide anyone could mimic with 100 lines of code, right? That's nonsense. All credit to bitpay for pushing the envelope towards mainstream adoption of Bitcoin. Don't listen to those people. Vim was very much worth the initial learning curve, for me at least. I never really used Sublime that much, so I can't speak for it. Maybe it gives you 80% of vim's productivity for 1/4th of the effort, but make no mistake, vim is an absurdly powerful tool which I'm 99% sure beats Sublime out of the water (though, again, I never got deep into Sublime, so take this with a grain of salt). Oh and the learning curve thing is greatly exaggerated, often by vim users themselves, seeking to brag to everyone about how they mastered the "fearsome learning curve of vim". The fact that that doesn't translate to actual benefits in metrics such as happiness or healthcare or income equality just goes to show how little raw money actually means. Correct me if I'm wrong, but the point of the guy you were arguing with in that thread was that the Ax standard was defined in terms of SI units as the US imperial units are? The very same thing happened in Portugal, where the Ministry of Education's guidelines for gauging teacher performance included taking the mean of a test graded in percentage points with another evaluation on a 1 to 5 scale.. by adding them and dividing by two! Made even more embarrassing by the fact that the Minister is a mathematician. Not that I disagree with you, but illustrating your point by comparing a madly cost-effective ASIC today to a madly overpriced PC several years old is a bit misleading. Why does it break the torrent model? Does it rely on having a "randomized" block download order? I know all that. My point is that in order to make a fair comparison you might as well compare an ASIC with a your point still stands the same . There is absolutely no need to fudge up the numbers because ASICs outclass general purpose hardware by orders of magnitude anyway. It's dishonest and with absolutely no need for it. As an aside, my 2 year old laptop gets 20MH/s and a latest-generation desktop CPU gets close to 100MH/s. If it stands across the board, all the more reason not fudge up by using an overpriced dated laptop as comparison instead of a recent desktop for instance. It would even illustrate the point better (even your "gaming" grade desktop will be orders of magnitude less efficient than a specialized ASIC). Funny how the superfluous Caps Lock key gets replaced with a search key. The point is that that vs doesn't even make sense. It's like saying what wheel is your favorite in your car, the front left or the rear left. Arguing for calculus vs linear algebra is equally stupid. They are different branches of mathematics with different domains of application. If you were looking to become a programmer, maybe you shouldn't have majored in chemstry, where strong Calculus foundations make perfect sense :) About your last paragraph, I would say that that is even more important to optimize and to make low level layers for than graphical game engines (believe it or not :)). The thing is while gaming is seen as a "performance critical" application, where it is natural to want the maximum performance to be squeezed out of your hardware, Web development is just a behemoth of inefficiency, and we think that that is the norm , an inevitable drawback of developing for the web, an inescapable trait of web applications. Web apps are dozens or even hundreds of times slower than native applications, and we think nothing of it, because it seems to be an inherent characteristic of the web about which we can't do anything. Your comment made me reconsider that. Maybe it doesn't have to be so. What if there was a Vulkan for the web, instead of the layers upon layers of inefficiency which are all the rage these days? What if I could run a medium complexity web page or app without it bogging my computer several times harder than a comparable native app? With a built-in encryption layer (on top of eventual HTTPS) it could be a useful "hack" for the kinds of situations mentioned in the readme. I wonder how facebook and the telecos will feel about this. All in all, a cool concept but unlikely to work in practice if either facebook or the telecos do not want to. I don't know the specifics about how the surveilance is implemented, but embedding encrypted payload in benign files is a neat idea to bypass internet censorship, at least in principle. Don't forget about Bitcoin. Wait, there's a fee to withdraw money from ATMs? Never heard of such a thing. Interesting concept, but some video of the results is missing. There's absolutely no reason to go on that kind of rant. We all know that. What the parent post was referring to was only the inflation due to the cost of living in developer hubs like SF. Truly a down-to-earth man. It would be easy for a person in his position to have fame and money go up to is head. But all the man wants to do is read books and play chess. Maybe more of us should be like him. Can you elaborate on what exactly do you do with it, and how? Why so? Why does it hit the middle earner? The fact that families with incomes under 125k pay no tuition doesn't mean that families in a higher income bracket get hindred. In fact, "Families with incomes at higher levels, typically up to $225,000, may also qualify for financial assistance, especially if more than one family member is enrolled in college. Financial aid offers vary by family, but the financial aid expansion for 2015-16 will allow Stanford to reduce the expected parental contribution for many families at these higher income levels." The Chromebit is probably the most exciting thing in that post for me. I wonder if it'll be this time that a company gets the plug-n-play PC right. I remember the big promises Ubuntu Phone, for example, made in this department. This measure is bullshit. Wasn't personal computing ubiquitous for two decades now? "In mathematics and computer science, an algorithm [...] is a self-contained step-by-step set of operations to be performed." -Wikipedia It's a detailed recipe to perform a task, so it's an algorithm. Alarming is the proper way to describe it. I remember how I thought it would never happen that I would buy a book and have it deleted remotely from my device when it so pleased the bookstore. But it happened. Then I thought absurd how anyone could seriously believe that the NSA was massively spying on its citizens and performing surveillance "carpet bombing". But then lo, Snowden happened. Time and time again it happened. And invariably, Stallman was right all along. Yeah, I really don't see the GP's point. The price for zero-cost abstractions and expressiveness is a monstrous complexity. If you want clean, expressive and easy-to-write code, you have a ton of languages where you can do just that. If you want performance and expressiveness, you will have to do with C++'s complexity. Speaking of backwards compatibility, I much prefer C++'s overzealous stance over the instability and inconstancy of Rust that prevents it from being used in any serious work. This is okay, it's a beta. I'll reserve judgment on Rust for now. But Rust also introduces complexity, while improving substantially in many areas. Of course it will do things better than what a language initially designed decades ago will do. A large amount of important systems rely on C++ and so it cannot change overnight, if at all. Rust on the other hand is free to experiment. The cost, at least in this early period, is unreliability. When, or if, Rust becomes as performant as C++, with a comparable number of libraries and platform support, then it will be a viable alternative (and I hope that day comes). For now, the only possibility for this use case is C++. I disagree. If there is one thing that is effectively endless is books to read. If you read one book per week for you entire life you would barely scratch the surface. This means that there is an incredible variety of books ranging from the fun entertaining page-turners those books that you "need a degree" to understand. The thing is, just because a book has a higher entry barrier (and a higher payoff) doesn't mean that it is objectively bad because it doesn't appeal to everyone. Maybe it's not for you, but it can certainly be appealing to many people who enjoy delving into a book and analysing if and so on. I don't have an English degree so I probably won't be arsed to put it the effort to read Finnegans Wake or whatever. But I certainly enjoy reading and analysing boss with more depth than DaVinci's Code. The same thing happens with games. Maybe you have no interest learning chess, and prefer to play Angry Birds because it gives instant payoff with little effort. And that's fine. But it doesn't mean that chess is "objectively inferior" because there is depth to it enough to study full-time for a lifetime. Same thing happens with music, and any art form, I guess. Complexity is not synonym with intentional or unnecessary obfuscation. The latter is just a silly way to create needless barriers to the understanding of the work. I'd like to say that I can't speak much for books. Like I said I don't read heavy classics nor do I spend dozens of hours analysing a text, but I sometimes do with music. Part of the pleasure I get from listening to classical music is from the aesthetic beauty and pleasantness of the sound, but a larger part is perhaps from re-listening to it and analysing it and discovering new things and meaning in the music. I have pieces that I have listened probably over 50 times, and still I can find new intricacies, or read an analysis that calls my attention to details I have missed, or simply just marvel at the ingenuity of some passage, etc. For me, analysis isn't a boring procedure that sucks the fun out of art. Much to the contrary, it enhances and deepens my experience beyond what I would have by reading the book/listening to the piece and then putting it aside forever. I couldn't agree more. It's rather alarming really, the mindset that most of the professional developers have on this matter. Making the life of the developer easier is the highest objective, low-level is derided, ease of use for the dev is readily bought with inefficiency, massive layers of abstraction and inefficiency and bloat are everywhere , and above all performance in the end product is sacrificed for the convenience of the developer. Now, I'm not saying to spend substantial amounts of time and money chasing small micro-optimizations. I'm saying it makes me think for a while that it seems like everybody just simply stopped giving a shit about performance , and then we end up with orders of magnitude of crud on our software. There is nothing whatsoever in the Mozilla Foundation statement of values that is incompatible with whatever political stance Mr Eich had personally. Flushing such an important person out the door because you find his position bothersome is nothing short of repulsive. But I'm sure you know this already. If you still don't give a damn, it's because you firmly believe that anyone that doesn't share your values on such a (fashionable) issue as gay marriage is a horrible person who deserves to be scorched clean off the company he founded. >*most Can you give me some data to support your claim? Or do you abide by the motto "The louder I speak the righter I am?" Which doesn't mean in the slightest that whomever disagrees with the majority deserves to be kicked out of the company he founded. >He could repudiate the donation and this would have evaporated overnight. Those views were apparently important enough to him to prevent such an option. So for you the best course of action would be to hypocritically pretend to be sorry in order to appease the clamour of the crows? And as he didn't, as he stayed true to his positions not flipping like a coward because he was pressured to do so, he deserves what he got? He resigned because of the clamour of the bullies, and because he didn't want the Mozilla Foundation to get hurt with it. That's irrelevant. What you think of his principles is irrelevant. He did nothing wrong or illegal except take a position that did not coincide with that of a very loud and mean crowd. Even if you or I do not agree, it's indeed admirable he had the courage not to flip to save his skin. Makes me wonder, as a non-web developer, would it be possible in principle to develop for the web in a low-level language like C/C++? What I mean is, is it only impractical and inconvenient for the developer, or is it fundamentally impossible? I get the sarcasm, but do you really need 37 friggin libraries to cover everyone's use cases in the relatively small field of JS graphing libraries? Nothing beats the power and flexibility of GNUPLOT. Still going strong after almost 30 years, with excellent documentation and loads of support on the web, too. Where does it download the games from? The fact that the games are included throws this project into very very legally murky waters. Why not both? Choice is good, and unless there is a good reason for only being able to choose one, I'd say offer devices is various price ranges. Precisely. She didn't "change the course of physics" at all. Nothing in her work was a massive paradigm shift. She didn't shape the field for decades to come. Einstein did that, with special and general relativity. Him, Planck, de Broglie and all that crowd did that with quantum theory. Noether's theorem is beautiful, powerful and amazingly profound, and she definitely deserves way, way more recognition than she gets. But it's wrong to say that she "changed the course of physics". If you want arrays of variables, you need pointers. It's not enough to know the value of an int (the first element of the array), but you need the pointer to an int (pointer to the first element of the array). Now you can increment the pointer to go to the next element. You couldn't do this with a simple value. Also, suppose you want to pass a variable of a large data type, like an image, to a function. Instead of copying the entire variable, just pass the cheap pointer. The analogy is giving someone an URL vs the source code of the site for them to paste in the browser (You can't fit the latter onto a QR code, for instance, but you can the former). The intention is good, but without meaning to be overly negative, this is not very well written at all. There is imprecise and needlessly confusing and unclear phrasing ("To visualize derivatives, we can draw a right triangle whose hypoteneuse [sic] is tangent to a function. If the triangle's width is , then its height is the derivative." is the most confusing and unintuitive way to visualize derivatives I can think of), a poor sequence of examples for someone who is not familiar with ODEs, plenty of things left unexplained (why do I solve \dot{y} = \cos(t) by integrating?) not to mention technical problems with hovering the graphs (at least in FF). It's also way, way too short. You simply cannot go from "an ODE is like an equation with functions and derivatives" to "let's solve one" in 5 sentences. Honestly, reading the Wikipedia page would be more beneficial for someone who wants to learn ODEs. Like I said the intention is good but I would suggest throwing everything but the pictures away and starting from scratch, preferably with a good textbook by your side to help you not only with facts, but more importantly with the pedagogic aspect. There are methods to solve them. RLC in particular can be approached with Laplace Transforms. However these kinds of equations need certain approximations and simplifications in order to become analytically tractable. I don't think it was very clear either. If you want to learn more about this I like Arfken, Mathematical Methods for Physicists as a bible of practical mathematics, or Stewart, Calculus for calculus in general. I don't think this is a criticism of this app, so much as web developing as a whole, but it's crazy how this app is hogging one CPU core at 100% to draw a circle AND still runs at around 15fps.