I always do a fresh install. I save backup of my $HOME, but don't restore it (I copy what I need when I need). It's perfect time for getting rid of old unused applications, projects, etc. But it takes time and patience. Safari supports push notifications from websites for a while. I've found it convenient for the news websites I often visit just to check for new content. It's like RSS integrated into OS. One can misuse it, but generally it's useful. We have DNS system in place which should be enough to establish trust between browser and SSL public key. E.g. site could store self-signed certificate fingerprint in the DNS record and browser should be fine with that. If DNS system is spoofed, user will be in bad place anyway so DNS system must be secured in any case. Currently Swift is a questionable choice. It adds around 5 MB size to the application archive, XCode support is buggy and standard library lacks many things it should have. I built custom keyboard with Swift and I won't use it for my next projects in the near future, until it'll become more stable. But probably in year or two it'll become much better. That's why the simulation hypothesis is quite likely. We can simulate very simple universes. We will simulate more complex universes as time goes on. And there's nothing to prevent that universes to become really complex, so complex that beings there will become conscious. And it's only matter of time when those beings will simulate another universe. And, considering that every civilization simulates many universes, there's an exponential growth of universes beginning from the "root" civilization. So there are (or there will be) billions of billions of universes, one inside other, like russian dolls. And possibility of us living in the "root" universe is quite low. Either that or there's some fundamental nature law preventing us from creating a simulation of conscious intelligent mind. And even if we didn't create that simulation yet, I don't believe that those laws exist. We have billions stars to consume for energy and matter and billions of years to improve our technology. Why don't we create megacomputers with that power potentially at our hands? Or some watchdog system will detect an abnormal behaiour, stop the simulation and report the bug to the developers. They'll fix bugs and run the simulation from the last non-corrupted backup. And we'll never know that someone did that. It probably because France never had problems with food itself (because of good climate and good earth). So people had to develop food culture. In russia, where climate is hard, earth is not very fertile and one unsuccessful harvest could mean country-scaled global hunger, food culture is more about eating while you can, conservate food while it's fresh. With current excess of food there are many fat men and women out there. I believe that all countries will develop food culture very soon, it's already happening around. Dietology is a popular topic. While negative numbers very often provoke exceptions like IndexOutOfBoundException, with unsigned integers error could be uncaught for much longer time. I'm all for signed integers, unless storage requirements so tight that you really need that one bit. One major drawback for me is a constant flickering in Intellij Idea and Emacs. I'm not sure who is responsible for this, but user experience is just terrible. I'll definitely downgrade to 10.9 when I'll have enough spare time. I didn't see much problems besides it. I like new design, animations are smooth enough for me and everything works well enough. No, I don't use Flux. That's not correct. I just downloaded the same google font css using different user agents, one for Windows Google Chrome and one for OS X Google Chrome. CSS were different, both specified .woff2 format but actual font URLs were different. And downloaded .woff2 files were different as well. I used Open Sans font for that test. http://pastebin.com/edYbfxzU here's log, you can try it yourself. What's wrong with people giving rides for money? That's ideal model of open market IMO. I have this model applied in my country and 5 kilometers taxi ride would cost around 1-2 euros, depending on time (bus costs 0.4 euro). That's nice for customers, if you ask me. There's other side of the coin, it might not be safe enough to ride with unknown driver at night being in unconscious state. But we have public taxi services with slightly higher prices for that. I was at Spain in my vacation and transportation costs shocked me, TBH. It's funny that copyright holders restrict people to legally watch their content and then complain that their content is being pirated. When I'm developing a website, if I have a time to do things the right way, I'm doing my best to present to user a usable website both without CSS and JS. Good semantic markup usually provides good user interface. And, as crawlers usually don't like JS, making non-JS version helps them to crawl the site anyway. I think that Apple is a victim of its decision to release new OS version every year. Users expect a lot of changes from iOS n+1 or OS X m+1. You can't just fix all bugs and release a new version. And constant feature improvement introduces new bugs and deadline frames won't allow to release properly tested fixes for old bugs. I believe that feature-wise OS X 10.10 and iOS 8 are quite nice. Apple really should adapt something like Intel's tick-tock strategy. Release iOS 8 with new features at 2014. Release iOS 8S with all bugs fixed in 2015. Release iOS 9 with new features at 2016 but allow customers to downgrade to iOS 8S if they want to, for at least a year. They'll have to support 2 iOS versions, but people will have a choice between new features and stability. I wrote a custom keyboard using Swift. XCode stability was mostly OK. SourceKit crashed sometimes (disabling syntax highlight and autocomplete), but it didn't cause much headache. The thing that bothered me most was that iOS app wrote with Swift was packaged with 8 MB runtime libraries, so it was like 100 kB of my code and 8 MB of swift runtime libraries which I didn't like at all. I tried to learn how to write an OS X application with Swift and for some reason it became a nightmare, SourceKit keeps crashing and it wasn't possible to work at all. I guess I triggered some bug. I tried to investigate it, but without much success, I think that XCode will send those crash logs to Apple and may be things are already fixed. Actually I'm not really sure that Swift is the language I want to use. Objective C is good enough. It's good old C which I like. It's very dynamic which I like. Cocoa, Cocoa Touch and other frameworks are made for Objective C, not for Swift. I didn't made a final decision whether I will invest into Swift, but probably (at least until Apple declares Objective C obsolete) I will just use Objective C. It has its problems, but it has its strength too. That technique would useful when user wants to add public key into his github profile (or similar service). Instead of asking user to copy&paste his public key, site might ask him to enter `ssh github.com authtoken` in terminal. Funny thing is that many windows developers and administrators like to use RDP, while *nix users generally don't like it at all (usually because RDP doesn't allow easy scripting to automate routine tasks). > So then you have two avenues for attack, if someone wants to inject their own public key into your account - the Web UI and some form of custom SSH server. That's correct. SSH misses PKI and github can't sign their ssh public keys with trusted authority. If someone intercepting your traffic, he can redirect your connection to 22 port to malicious ssh server and save his malicious public key to github. To prevent that, github must present ssh fingerprint into their web page and user must check that fingerprint with one he can see on terminal. Thanks for clarification. > Besides which you would need more than just "ssh github.com authtoken" - it doesn't identify who you are (thus knowing who to save the public key for) authtoken is supposed to be an unique identifier and github server knows that it's associated with your account. Would be nice to have it in the browser like Go tour. Probably because he's good at writing code, not writing business plans and raising money. It might sound weird but I actually like to draw simple SVG images using text editor. SVG is well suited for that, it's readable and compact. It's not exactly that. More energy-effective systems allow you to mine the same bitcoins with lower electricity expenses. When bitcoin mining will hit the wall of physical restrictions, they will start to optimize energy efficiency. You should use URL-safe base 64 encoding described in [1]. It uses `-` and `_` and should be safe for Gmail. 1: http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-5 Why not set clear rules? 1 byte of blockchain costs XXX millibitcoins. You like it — you use it. You don't like it — you don't use it. It's clear that if anyone can use blockchain as information storage, someone WILL do it, now or later. I think it's better to set the rules sooner than fix things later when they are out of control. There's similar problem in Kazakhstan. egov.kz is their e-government site. They issued their own root certificate and they use it to sign all users certificates. And they signed their SSL certificate with that certificate which causes it to show alarm. Not very smart move if you ask me. If you teach users to ignore HTTPS errors, then MITM attack becomes easier because user don't see anything suspicious. In Kazakhstan it's achieved by using signed Java applet. It works well in Windows, OS X and Linux. In Linux there are some problems with smart card readers, but generally things work well. I don't like Java applets, but they are probably better than ActiveX. nginx fully supports SPDY. HTTP/2 is largely based on SPDY so I expect that nginx will support HTTP/2 very soon. I don't think so. Yandex is very neutral company in that regard. They have Ukrainian office with developers. For Ukrainian users they show Crimea belonging to the Ukraine when browsing from maps.yandex.ua. You can check it yourself, compare maps.yandex.ua and maps.yandex.ru. It's clearly an adware with backdoor to espionage on user. In many countries creating and distributing that kind of adware is classified as crime. What a nonsense they are talking. I use Intellij Idea with Database plugin and it works perfectly. SQL syntax highlighting (for PostgreSQL dialect), autocomplete (using actual table definitions from the database), visual table editor. I can run SQL query, edit some cell in the result table and that edit will update the database. There's a dedicated cheaper product called 0xDBE if you don't own Idea and don't need Java support. Postico looks nice and I like the fact that it's a native app. But without highlighting and autocomplete it's not very interesting for me, I'm SQL guy. Browsers should improve incognito mode so websites won't be able to distinguish Chrome@OS X from Firefox@Windows. And may be allow easier integration with proxy services. Privacy is important. You really should send vectors, not video stream. It'll allow to keep bandwidth requirements low for most of the office workflow. Of course watching video on youtube require sending video stream and that's where you embed H.264 stream, but not everywhere. AFAIK Windows RDP works closely with the operating system to allow it to send only vector primitives instead of raw bitmaps. You can't stream lossless 4k retina video and anything other is a compromise for many people. I think that CSS should include something like XSLT transformations allowing developer to output site markup with simple semantic elements and then designer can transform those elements into anything he need, count elements, add classes, whatever. And then style result of those transformations with traditional CSS rules. It's the color and reflections that matters. Not the weight. But competitors will surely make a joke of it. Searching for Java shouldn't return JavaScript results. Almost all exploitable vulnerabilities are related to the browser plugin. There's no danger of keeping outdated JRE inside some application. Vectors are good at inserting in the back and deques are good in inserting both in the front and in the back (or course if capacity grows exponentially, but that's how they should be implemented). Linked lists are almost always wrong choice because they don't play well with memory caches. They might be better with inserting in the middle and that might matter only with really huge lists (millions of items). At least that's how it works with languages close enough to the hardware. Is there some definitive information about how good Google at this task? What JS constructions works, what does not work. I doubt that Google can index any JavaScript. And don't forget about other search engines. It's not very good to keep site indexable by Google and not indexable by other search engines. What I would like to use is some kind of small programs from which backup script might be crafted. Actually most of the tools are available. Incremental backups with rsync. Encryption with openssl. Archiving/compression with tar/gzip/7-zip. But scripts will be quite verbose and error-prone. Better solution should be available. Something like #define DATE(month, day, year) ... would help to read dates without program running. Client code could be hard to verify too. Browser do not support this functionality and there are no popular addons to verify JavaScript I'm aware of. You can't just download script.js with curl and assume that server will serve the same file to your browser. XSLT is a good idea with terrible implementation IMO. There's language called cduce. I'm not sure if it alive but it was interesting alternative implementation, though it was too much academical to be practical. But there could be usable language for trees transformation. Overall this idea is much better than current state of things. I wonder what's better from the point of final user (app size, app starting speed, app performance, memory usage): png or this drawing code? I suspect that PNG should work better. And programmer can easily generate multiple PNG from single hand-written SVG. Public Key Pinning could help for users running compliant browsers. I would recommend to read almost all of Strugatsky brothers books (which were translated to your language). They are all very interesting in different aspects. E.g. "Monday starts at Saturday" is a humorous story about programmer. Though they dreamed of communistic future, keep that in mind. Their worlds probably will look foreign to the western reader. And there are some references to the russian culture. But translations probably should take that in mind. Shell session to demonstrate (DO NOT DO IT IN THE DIRECTORY WITH IMPORTANT FILES): $ touch important $ chmod 400 important $ rm * override r-------- vbezhenar/staff for important? n $ touch -- -rf $ ls -l total 0 -rw-r--r-- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 -rf -r-------- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 important $ rm * $ ls -l total 0 -rw-r--r-- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 -rf $ rm -- -rf I'm working locally using full-featured IDE and publishing my work with simple shell scripts. When I need to edit files remotely, I just use vi. I know it well and it works perfectly even over slow network connections. Self-signed certificate provides defense against passive attacker, and HTTP does not. That's an important difference IMO. XMPP have troubles with synchronizing chats between clients, with push notifications, with user-friendly mobile clients. I like XMPP, I did set up my own server, but I finally abandoned it. It's usable only with one client, preferably on desktop.