Does a FedEx package transfer to the other country's Post Office? My experience is that a package sent by FedEx arrives with FedEx. Standard Post would be the equivalent to SMS in that it's everywhere, and private companies would be the other apps, right? Then the equivalent to your identifiable address would be your phone number. Except if you want something more anonymous, which is then more complicated. Just the same with the Post example... Genuinely interested: can you elaborate on what metadata the matrix servers have access to? Say, don't they know who I am writing to, when and which groups I belong to? Signal does not, and that's guaranteed by the client code (i.e. no need to trust anything on the server for that). I am pretty sure it's harder than you think, while keeping Signal's UX and privacy level: https://signal.org/blog/secure-value-recovery How does it compare in terms of privacy? I mean Signal's private contact discovery, private groups, private profiles, sealed sender, etc? To be fair, you can build it from sources, and I'm pretty sure they provide an apk (they used to, at least). Two words: threat model. Because a private company can do something does not mean it should be allowed to do it, does it? It's already bad enough with Starlink, but surely it's only a matter of time before other companies and governments want to compete. Which makes me wonder if governments should not just agree on forbidding it entirely. Can you elaborate on that? Maybe you do, yes. And maybe you're happy with an alternative with usernames where the server keeps the list of your contacts. Or maybe you are not, and you will want an alternative where you need to rebuild your contacts list every time you install the app. But some people are happy messaging people based on the phone number, because everything else is too cumbersome. Different people have different threat models, and one chooses the best UX for their threat model. For millions of people (maybe not you), apparently it is Signal. I don't get it. So with Nix, every package I install will possibly come with its own dependency tree, completely independent from other packages. So instead of relying on distro maintainers who, say, check one version of OpenSSL, I'll be relying on the devs of each package. I doubt they will do the work, so either they will never update their deps, or update without checking them. It feels like Nix is like npm for my system, and distributes the trust I put in maintainers between all the devs of all the dependencies. That's not what I want... What am I missing? My opinion is that it is difficult to enjoy music we don't understand. I realise one does not have to love everything about a whole style of music, but not having a clue why this whole style may be enjoyable sounds like maybe you haven't been much exposed to it. So here is one (genuinely interested) question: how much do you know about jazz? I don't get the trap problem here. So I start with A, compute -B as A dot A, then continue my way until I decide to stop at E. So I had to compute the whole path, right? Now you give me A and E, why can't I just compute the path from A until I hit E? That looks like the same effort, so what did I miss? Oh that's actually the point of the exponentiation trick: I choose the private key first and then compute the path from it. Got it, sorry xD Where does a system like https://picterra.ch/ lie? They seem to provide a way to tune algorithms for your images. Are those "algorithms nobody want", or is that helping niche use-cases (by allowing customisation)? Disclaimer: never actually used their system, just saw presentations about it, which show how one can train an algorithm to count... stuff. For one, most people now spend most of their time in their browser or in a hidden browser (ahem, Electron?). So unless you want something specific (video games, a Windows desktop app, ...), I think they just both work. I'm guessing even Linux on a mac is probably okay (since so many people have the exact same hardware as you...) To me, TODOs are the equivalent to keeping thousands of tasks in a growing backlog. It just adds noise for stuff that probably won't be addressed ever. And if it is addressed, chances are that it will be from a new task. Just forget it! If it's important, it will come back on its own. I just don't write TODOs in my code, as I have never seen a useful TODO in a codebase... The worst being "TODO: improve this". Sounds like a way to say "I wrote shitty code, I know it, please merge it anyway", which is completely useless IMO. This. "We developers mostly read code, so let's optimise the writing part by writing bad code that will be slower to read." Am I the only seeing a problem here? I was recently looking into CoffeeCatch for Android. Are you saying that I'm losing my time? :-) One country unilaterally decides that it is fine to pollute the sky for everyone else in the name of profit. One company decides to produce more and more without giving a damn about their ecological impact, in the name of profit. Hardly sounds like a revolution to me. My problem with that argument is that the business requirement is based on what we can convince the user to buy. Users won't pay more for a better product if they don't understand it's better. And one may say that "if they don't make the difference, then the bad products are fine after all", but I think that's shortsighted. By continuously favouring the worse but cheaper design, it has brought the industry where it is today: "better write bullshit that ships now than a good product that users won't buy anyway, because they bought the bullshit from the competitor already". Misunderstanding. The Mozilla VPN is Mullvad (rebranded). Oh right, the US built GPS, one of the few GNSS systems out there! Yeah my bad, then private US companies should be allowed to pollute space, it's not the problem of the rest of the world! > One company will have accelerated our escape from extinction You mean by sending a few chosen people in space? Or do you believe that connecting smart devices to satellites will somehow solve the climate crisis? xD > it'd be as crowded as ad and social network What's your definition of crowded? I don't feel like there are thousands of successful social networks or ad companies out there... But I get your point: SpaceX is a nonprofit with the purpose of solving the climate crisis by launching as many rockets as they can to fill the sky with satellites. No profit planned, no investors, nothing. My mistake. > No non-profit will ever solve anything at this magnitude, by definition. So when I say they make that for profit, you disagree, and when I say (sarcastically) that they don't want to make profit, you say the opposite again? Choose your camp. Mine is that SpaceX exists because it is profitable. Then one thing that would be worth considering is that technology is the problem today. You seem to consider that cars made the world a better place, that's your opinion. But it would be hard to argue that the current climate crisis is not caused by technology. You're just blindly hoping that more of it will magically solve the problem which is: technology is destroying life on Earth. Because we can do something cool (nobody denies that SpaceX is cool) doesn't mean we should do it. > Earth will be destroyed even with no humans on it. In the long run, technology is the only tool for survival of life. I guess that's where we disagree. I don't care if life goes extinct in twenty thousands years. And I don't want to survive on Mars, looking back at how we destroyed most living beings there. I don't say that technology is bad in itself. Consumerism is. I don't get how it works. If I give my IBAN, then people can send me money, but they cannot take money from me. A scam would need to ask e.g. my credit card data, but at this point it's pretty clear that it's not to send me money. I am not in the US. Is that different there? Like do you use the same numbers for both? Or do people just not know the difference? My way feels so much simpler :-). It's a bit like public/private key: when I use my credit card, I know I'm paying. And if I pay from my bank, I do it from my e-banking and it's super clear. I can allow a company to withdraw directly, but still it's clear I'm doing it (and I don't use that, I hate that feature). Feels like it just prevents such scams. Of course then you can still convince people to "lend" you money ("send me 5k to leave my country and when I'm safe I send you 2M"), but that's slightly different. Does somebody have an opinion about GrapheneOS vs CalyxOS or /e/ OS? I would be interested, they all seem nice. How does it compensate for rolling shutter? Out of curiosity :) > A major reason for the quality issues is that the major drone manufacturers work directly with the proprietary photogrammetry software providers in the field to optimize the algorithms to their drones. Would you care to elaborate? My belief is that all the photogrammetry engine wants is that the drone manufacturer does as few processing as possible on the images, in order to not alter the geometry. I don't see what kind of algorithms coming from the drone manufacturer would help, and therefore I don't see how that's a problem for ODM. But none of that is private data, right? It feels like "tuning". Surely one could characterise Sequoia to improve the camera model, and I doubt they encrypt the exif data, do they? Also Sequoia is a bit of a special example here, that most likely has been carefully tuned by Pix4D. But DJI most probably does nothing for Pix4D that ODM couldn't access. Not criticising ODM (I love OpenSfM and ODM), on the contrary: I feel like those are not fundamental limitations of ODM, and one could put the work of improving support for specific cameras without the need for proprietary information available only to Parrot employees. Or am I missing something? The nice thing is that the drone is completely independent :-). You can use any frame (quad, heli, fixedwing, vtol, rover, boat, submarine, ...) with any autopilot (betaflight, ardupilot, px4, ...) and try it with any camera you want. At the end of the day, all you need is pictures taken "the right way" for the engine. Typically, you want: * Sufficient overlap between the pictures: you need multiple pictures looking at each point in the scene from different angles. * Don't change the focal length, because that changes the camera model and makes it at least harder for the engine. * Ideally have some fairly accurate GPS location in the exif metadata of the pictures. * Avoid motion blur (i.e. don't fly too fast for your camera), and blur in general (i.e. you don't want too much vibration, but you don't need a gimbal). Some Android/iOS apps out there do "flight planning" for you, so it may help (you select the area you want to map and the app instructs the drone to take the right pictures for you). Different apps support different drones, so that's something you want to check. But anyway you should try ODM, because it does not depend on the drone, it just needs pictures =). Hope this helps. What's the non-mediocre alternative to Windows, that allows you to choose your hardware (i.e. not macOS) and that is usable by everybody (i.e. not Linux)? Not sure this applies to Meta, though... I have been using Dockcross for years for cross-compiling Doesn't it "just" say that on top of providing the sources of the binaries you distribute, you must provide/document a way to update them? I call them UpperCamelCase, lowerCamelCase, Upper_Snake_Case, lower_snake_case. You mean that you want your compiler to say "I know that this will sometimes fail, but I'll let you burn yourself unless you enable a flag"? Should it also have a flag to say "Told you!" when it happens? xD Those are independent. Having root access does not mean that other parties do, but more importantly, NOT having root does not mean AT ALL that other parties don't. How do you choose what you put in your CPU? What when Windows forces you to have that kind of hardware? You can choose not to wear that gear, but choosing to not use Windows is much more complicated, at least for most people. Maybe it converged, just like other industries? Say, cars or planes have not fundamentally changed in decades. But would there be other designs that would make them so much better that it would be worth changing? That's not clear to me... Is that only that good libraries should correctly use semver (i.e. be backward-compatible unless they change the major version), or is there complexity somewhere else? My feeling is that dynamic linking is a pain because sometimes one needs, say, 1.2.5 for some part of the code and 1.3.1 for another part, and they are not compatible. Which hints towards the library author having messed up something, right? Feels like this completely misses the problems of habitat destruction, biodiversity, etc. I don't want to live in a big mall, so I'm not really in favour of plans that go "let's go live on Mars, the goal is only for the human species to survive". IMO we need to produce less, consume less, and stop destroying whatever remains of life other than the human species. More energy doesn't seem like the solution to that. > The similarities between the Hypertext Transfer Protocol and the Bitcoin Protocol are almost too perfect. Except maybe for the fact that HTTP was not looking for an actual, legal, constructive use-case that it solved better than existing technologies say... more than a decade after its creation? That's precisely why I said "legal" and "constructive" :-) > we manage almost 10x more without mass starvation Really? We're going towards mass extinction right now. And I think it's pretty safe to say that the growth that allowed us to get here is what's killing us. I don't think we can say we managed, we just haven't paid for it yet. Let's be honest: mass extinction means less people. We are going towards wars and mass starvation. Either we can admit we're not sustainable and try to save what's left, or we can bet that we need to do more (much more, according to the article) of what's killing us, and at some point it will magically work. Yeah waiting is probably good enough, at this point. Adding a data point to your statistics: I sign commits and packages I maintain (when it applies), not my emails. GPS satellites broadcast data, and the GPS receivers (e.g. your phone) only receive. That means that they are completely invisible to the satellites. You are tracked on your phone because it is connected to the Internet somehow, so it can send your location. But with only a GPS receiver (my Garmin running watch for instance), you are completely invisible. Depends on your definition of "best browser" I guess... My best browser is Firefox, precisely because it is not based on Chromium.