allybank, capital one savings, personalsavings.americanexpress.com, and some others all offer >= 1% interest now. Some are >= 2% that I've run across. Still lower than inflation, but better than .001% Increased fed fund rates and tapering off QE has been having effects. Retail customers generally are unaware of this, so retail banks are still able to not pay any actual interest. A lot of the weirdness in the market (from Tesla to GE and others) is due to increased returns from 'safe' investments causing easy money for risky ventures to start to dry up. Expect failures as companies built on nearly free money start having to pay up or fold. Some will survive, many won't. Looks like I was wrong (the >= 2% were CDs) - Marcus.com (Goldman Sachs side bank) is currently offering 1.8% though, so not far off. https://www.marcus.com/us/en/savings/high-yield-savings The Fed had a good graph on the sky high amount of debts many companies are laying on, but I'm having a hard time finding it right now. A bunch of outlets have written on it, here is the first one I found http://money.cnn.com/2018/02/26/investing/corporate-debt-ris... As to how many will fail is anyone's guess. Retail has already started to have a reaping (with help from Amazon). If a trade war kicks off price increases for goods from China, that probably won't help a lot of them. Sub-prime auto market is not doing well either, that should hurt auto manufacturer numbers, but nothing crazy there at the moment. I think everyone is still trying to guess. The problem in California is that none of the folks involved in building it think finishing it would really benefit them. I've had family members involved in numerous public works projects in California, and once they saw the way the sausage is made, all decided to get out. These projects are setup as a way to extract money from taxpayers, through a relatively well developed process now: 1) Write an initiative/tax statement which promises the world. 2) Once it passes, laugh and start doing engineering planning based on the most naive/known to be wrong set of assumptions. 3) Once you hit the first roadblock, escalate it and require change orders ($$). This often doesn't require doing any actual on the ground construction work. In fact, many of these boondogles (Caltrain electrification?) never hit actual construction after 5-10 yrs of this. 4) Redo the entire set of plans at great expense, but without actual forward thinking. Hit the next roadblock, rinse and repeat prior steps. This allows them to funnel billions into friendly firms that produce plans that never get used, doing studies that no one will read. Since no one with any clout actually cares if this thing gets built (not like they will use it, and most of the wealthy donors/voters they care about likely won't either), no rush as long as they have something to point to showing they are doing 'something' Eventually, when the money runs low, make up a sob story blaming someone else for it, and go back to step 1. When someone actually cares, we still build things quickly - the Oroville dam fixes, replacing the I80 overpass when the tanker truck burned it down, etc. The problem is less that we can't build big things - it's that most of the time, we don't actually NEED to (in a real, existential way) - at least in the opinion of those with actual power. FIRE is quite dependent on steady economic conditions (decent rate of return on investments with low capital loss, non destructive inflation rates), and for many they are trading their prime earning years placing this bet that it will continue indefinitely. I wish them luck. historically over the time periods that they are potentially talking about (40-50 yrs), that is a risky bet. They already are, through US sanctions. You can - they are called pink slip loans. The challenge with real assets is they are hard to value, and hard to sell quickly. Therefore the interest and fees charged are higher (also people prone to need short term loans using their car as collateral are also very prone to not pay these loans back). These financial assets can be calculated, sold, more purchased, etc. in known quantities very close to instantly. Standardized financial assets are very easy to move or use in large quantities for these reasons. A 5 yr US Gov't bond is a known quantity. Jeez, his back patio must be crazy radioactive. For those at home, you probably don’t want to be grinding up large quantities of uranium ore on your back porch with zero PPE and no cleanup methodology at all. No transcript was released. A memorandum of the 'recollections of the staff involved' written by the whitehouse describing the call (and widely referred to as the transcript) was released. The actual word for word transcript is still stored in the top secret security system it was moved to when it was obvious there was a problem. No one outside the whitehouse has seen that yet. If you read the actual released document, it has a huge disclaimer on the first page which states this. You can see it yourself here https://www.cnn.com/2019/09/25/politics/donald-trump-ukraine... Uranium is an alpha decay emitter. While it won't make you (literally) glow in the dark, inhaling uranium dust is pretty toxic radiologically and can cause significant damage internally. In addition, it isn't great for you chemically. When it decays, it also releases radon, which causes additional problems. Are there worse things? Sure. Is it safe to be around Uranium dust? No. https://web.evs.anl.gov/uranium/guide/ucompound/health/index... There is a huge difference between having something applied to you, and having to determine the correct course of action (independently) to apply with someone else and then deal with the consequences/fallout. In my experience, you have to pick something - and nothing is perfect or works all the time. It is usually worse not picking something (inaction) or being inconsistent in what you pick (wildly varying expectations/results). How this applies to the current thread is up to the reader. Only if you 100% completely selfhost (machine running in the basement?). Otherwise they could compromise your hosting provider at various different levels of the stack. Come to think of it though, even if you put your own machine in your own basement, they could just come in when you're not home and rootkit your box in numerous ways, and you'd probably never know barring some pretty heavy security. State level actors are very hard to defend against, especially when it's your own state. Why doesn't Paragard (non-hormonal copper IUD) not come up in these threads? It doesn't have any hormones, and is usually a better experience - and is far more effective. For some reason, at least in the US however it seems like almost no one has heard of it? Pushing the pill with all it's side-effects and low efficacy frankly seems borderline malpractice? You can buy a decent 'emergency' generator (aka high air pollution and noise) for ~ $500 sufficient to run most homes. Compared to cost of living in California, that is dirt cheap (a week or less of living expenses). One problem with these emergency portable generators of course, is they lack safety components to stop them from catching fire. So we might end up with notable fires caused by generators used because PG&E shut off power to 'stop fires'. It shifts the liability to the consumer though, so PG&E is off the hook. Few people really believed PG&E was going to do this, so a lot of people haven't purchased equipment yet. We'll see how it shapes up long term. Local, personal generation is usually incredibly inefficient due to loading factors (you need to buy a generator that can handle most of your peak load, but they are only efficient at roughly half that - so your idle load is a huge waste, and when near peak you will be horribly inefficient). Maintenance is also a huge pain - I've got an off grid cabin, and I can assure you, you will quickly tire of dealing with it if you are using it as your day to day power source. Backup (propane or natural gas) generators that auto kick in aren't a bad option, but are much more expensive (about an order of magnitude higher). Because, between the lines, the level of top down, military like action and trampling of civil rights that is possible in China is likely not possible here without sparking a civil war - making the whole situation worse. No, quarantine is when you isolate a group of people for a period of time. It is used to see if they MIGHT be sick, or when people are known to be sick, to allow it to burn out. The original usage was specifically when ships were required to stay in port for 40 days before being allowed to dock, so that any sickness could burn itself out or be apparent. You can also see the CDC definition - https://www.cdc.gov/quarantine/index.html Hint for those who do this regularly - put your phone in airplane mode after you've downloaded offline maps, or use a dedicated GPS device with mapping data. Garmin makes decent models that also have basic sat phone functionality (can text, send emergency notifications, etc.). Also, a good orienteering course will teach you how to actually find your way around, which can come in quite handy. Not going to weigh in more generally - but he seems to be doing pretty fine according to recent polls https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ What criteria should someone use to judge 'righted itself'? No event can ever be completely undone, merely compensated for. Many of the people who lost homes should never have bought them leading up to '08 - they only were able to because of unrealistic (and sometimes predatory) underwriting standards and financing that NEVER would have worked out, and blew up shortly thereafter once the people bankrolling it figured out what was going on. The overall economy recovered, but of course it looked a bit different. It was 4-5 years later. The difference is, the bot can be made to only say what you want it to. That is a LOT harder to do with a human. If you're a big outfit looking to control risks, it might be very tempting. The US also has much lower population density and Europe had a month+ head start. Give us time. Best data I've seen is 6x (.63% IFR). And due to lack of existing immunity from the Flu which keeps the flu at less than 10% of the population/yr, we're looking at a dramatic death toll. That people don't want to believe it, without evidence to the contrary, just makes them solidly into the wishful thinking category - and likely spreaders that will inevitably get someone killed. Inductance in the grid would probably be sufficient to destroy them all, even if they were the only equipment on the grid and they were all destroyed at once. It's a lot of power flowing. It is terrible in small engines too and kills a lot of them (chainsaws, lawnmowers, etc.). Watch any small engine repair videos on youtube and about half of them (or more) were killed because of ethanol in the gas. FYI.- This is what reality TV does for literally everything it covers. Pawn shops don't run the way it shows. Gold miners don't work that way (if they want to stay solvent), etc. What you're saying is however not in disagreement with the comment you are replying to! Living paycheck to paycheck can happen even if you're making 400-500k. I've seen people do it. You can have no emergency savings (at all) and be making $100k+. It's pretty easy - spend everything you have (often on "dumb" things like expensive takeout for every meal, a lease on a car you don't need, more house than you can afford, refreshing electronics constantly for no reason, etc.). The reasons usually boil down to lack of emotional regulation and/or bad spending habits, not lack of income - though it is easier to do with low income, as the margins are smaller. That remote mining town also has something going for it that Mars doesn't - economic viability. The energy cost of going to and from mars makes any sort of known resource extraction economically unviable. Palladium, one of the most valuable elements in existence (and probably the most valuable in wide use), is ~$2400/troy oz. At 21967 troy oz/ton, that is ~ $53 million/ton or $76k/kg. Ignoring decreases in prices if a supply was found large enough to fund a Mars colony (2018 saw only 9 million ozt or 409 tons of supply), current return costs are in the billions of $/KG. 3 order of magnitude decrease would still be millions $/KG, and that is assuming there are nuggets lying on the ground that a robot could easily pick up and ship back. Now one can argue - that is current technology. And that is correct. But you would need to get interplanetary total mining/collection/launch/return costs to sub $76k/kg to even be economically neutral, in the most ideal situation, for literal palladium nuggets sitting on the ground in essentially a big pile near your launch site. We could speculate on the potential improvement in costs, etc. and they might eventually come. But what we don't have so far is anything on mars economically worth getting or living there to get, even at 'drive there in my car' costs, let along launch costs. Going to mars as a purely a exploration/discovery/science project/hobby - totally worthwhile. So far we have no reason to believe it's economically worthwhile actually living there. How do you propose to isolate the > 55 age group when no one younger is isolating? Nurses, doctors, people they live with will be a vector and pass it to them. And the under 55 age group (at .11% IFR) is still not going to want out and blindly get infected as that is still hundreds of thousands of deaths - leading to them avoiding being out in sizable numbers and still causing economic problems. [Source: https://www.thelancet.com/journals/laninf/article/PIIS1473-3... ] It's actually a bit backwards. A private person recording someone illegally is a crime. In some circumstances (for instance to prove a witness in lying), it can still be admissable. [ref https://www.stimmel-law.com/en/articles/secret-recording-con... .] Now is it is worth admitting to a crime that can carry fines of up to $2,500 and/or imprisonment for up to a year (misdemeanor) is a hefty question. In addition, the violator may be subject to civil liability in the amount of $5,000 or three times the amount of any actual damages sustained as a result. If this was a lawsuit due to serious, career ending malfeasance against you, where a key witness would be trivially proven a liar and you could end up with millions in a settlement? Maybe? Could they turn around and sue you for 3x the settlement? Sounds like you'd want to talk to a lawyer first. Not happening most of the time though. The recession started before the first lockdown. Most people don't spend money on things/do stuff when they are afraid of dying while doing so. Hundreds of thousands of deaths due to uncontrolled population spread, randomly (nearly) amongst the population is going to cause the economy to crater - and even the possibility of it already did before any lockdowns happened. The lockdowns just stopped the 25% (guess) of the population that is going to YOLO anyway from causing even more damage. The businesses were still going to get a huge hit regardless. Yes, the HPV vaccine results in dramatically better immunity than from the disease itself. [ https://translational-medicine.biomedcentral.com/articles/10... ] It wasn’t the courts who asked for the dismissal, it was the DOJ under Barr (appointed by Trump) that did. The courts were dumbfounded. I'm guessing you're referring to the probability/possibility of large, untracked or suppressed outbreaks in other countries - India, Iran, Russia, China, Brazil, etc. Depending on the source of your data, extrapolations on personal experience or rumor or innuendo, or distrust of different government systems, there may very well be massive outbreaks - on the level or exceeding per capita infections in the US. Frankly, we don't have solid data, so it's hard to say. The US has, best case, massive testing shortfalls and untested cases, periodic government attempts to downplay the issue, and chaotic spikes and overwhelmed systems. It is almost certainly still better in all of these areas than those countries listed above. We can't do anything about that though. It's fog of war. But you're probably getting downvoted because the tone of your message seems to be one of 'pfft the US isn't that bad' - which by most metrics we seem to have, isn't the case, at least in high profile areas like Southern California. Keeping it from not being overly bad, near as we can tell, also requires taking serious and often painful approaches to the problem to mitigate it, which doesn't happen if it isn't taken seriously. Not taking those measure seems to make the problem even worse - in the sense of concrete, real people being dead that otherwise wouldn't be. To more directly answer your question - in total number of REPORTED new cases and deaths, US is solidly number 1. As a percent of population, the only sizable country with more cases than the US right now is the Czech Republic - which is serious, but isn't going to get headline news like the US will. By tests per capita, the US is doing reasonably well - the only largish country doing better so far is the UK. However, considering the scope of it's spread in the US, that is probably misleading. Most countries haven't NEEDED to test so much. https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/ Feel free to click on the various sorting widgets to see it from different views. Regarding India - https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6... Regarding China - https://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2020/04/china-up... As I said, there is plenty of room to dig and analyze. Watch the video. He spends JUST enough time saying 'go home peacefully' that someone can say he did that. However he spends all the actual time and energy saying the exact opposite - it was stolen, fight for me, etc. It is the height of disingenuousness to claim it was a call for peace or a thoughtful resolution. It was an emotional call to arms with a fig leaf on it. As a long time Californian with non commercial timberland? Global warming, if It played a part in those fires, played a small one. The biggest issues are failed forest management practices combined with expansion and development into previously undeveloped land. As part of 4+ Year process to get my timberland thinned to reduce fire danger (through the state approval process which is terrible, but finally happened), it came up that historically - based on archeological data - fires used to happen in this area every 10 to 15 years. It has been 115 years since a fire happened on the property. Massive buildup of fuel (due to suppressing small Fires and not allowing cutting or timber harvesting), combined with many people living and using power equipment in an area that historically was thinly populated means massive fires when they do happen. Which is what you saw. Additionally in many locations (California), if that conversation is plausibly private (in person, in a hallway that isn't super busy or not in a cafe), it's illegal (albeit not perfectly) for it to be anything but ephemeral. People can of course reproduce what they think you said in another form, but that is always open for debate and challengeable. For better or worse. The people do not elect the president, that is what all the brouhaha around the Electoral College is about. By convention, each state has agreed that the people vote for who their state is going to vote for - but that is not constitutionally required. This turns out to be really helpful when someone starts claiming something like widespread voter fraud for instance, because there is no one institution to attack, or even identical set of rules that can be exploited. Each state runs it's elections as it sees fit, and then votes the way it deems necessary - and is strongly interested in making sure it's voice is heard. Because of the resources those states provide. In almost all cases, resources (food, minerals, oil, energy) flow from those more sparsely populated states to feed, fuel, etc. the more densely populated ones. If you think NYC could be supported purely by NY state alone (or frankly even just 'Blue' states), you'd be in for a rude shock. That much of the value add/economic activity happens in the more densely populated states isn't that surprising - but cutting off the midwest from the rest of the United States would cause catastrophic famine in very short order, to name one example. You just saw the checks and balance function today - the sitting executive used every trick he could think of to keep himself in power. He was rejected by Congress (the other arm, who he does not control), and this was affirmed by the Judiciary (who he does not control because of the lifetime appointments and other history, despite appointing a number of people aligned with his party to it). In many countries he could have just insisted (or tell a crony he insists) and that would have been that. I sincerely hope that we all (the people of the US, Congress, the Judiciary) take what happened on Jan 6th as a concrete warning of this hazard and work to pare back and reign in the executive. It has been needed for a long time. All it will take is a stronger, more popular leader who feels 'bypassing the rules' is ok for 'the greater good' (aka themselves), and we're in deep trouble. If Trump hadn't spent all 4 years of his tenure actively disparaging, impugning, maligning, and throwing under the bus every military leader or hero he ran across, we could be in a very, very different country today. I'm still amazed how close he came to winning Arizona considering what he said and did to McCain. Not sure you're supporting the point you think you are, or are addressing my points? CA's central valley produces fruits, vegetables, and nuts, much of which gets exported, and a bit of, but not a huge amount of staple foods - and if you add up all California's agricultural output, it is still only ~13.5% of the US total. [ https://www.cdfa.ca.gov/Statistics/#:~:text=California's%20a... .] The areas in California that produce that food are solid red, through and through. Texas is red, ESPECIALLY the areas that produce that oil - but let's set aside the intra-state conflicts on this. None of the states mentioned are 'ideologically' self sufficient in their needs (CA for Oil, despite being a major food and oil producer, Texas for food - among literally millions of major and minor needs), and NY State or NYC are most decisively not in either category. [ https://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/chart-gallery/gallery... ] If you look at your own chart, you'll also see that ~90% of all of the remaining entries following California (who make up the bulk of production) would be called midwest, near midwest (definitely not blue), or 'flyover territory'. If you go to the link you had and filter by staples (as compared to expensive-per-calorie foods like almonds or strawberries), you'll see this reflected even more strongly [ https://data.ers.usda.gov/reports.aspx?ID=17844#P7521943176f... ] California has a LOT of people in it. 11% of the nation. While they might not personally feel the brunt of a major famine right away - running out of fuel for the harvesters, or the steel products to repair their equipment, or the equipment itself (predominantly produced in 'red' areas or imported), would mean it wouldn't be that long either. If we look at the wider context, losing 50%+ of the agricultural products aka inland 'flyover' areas and the midwest would definitely cause catastrophic famine. And that is at least how much is there from your own links. Ah - the reason being those were the terms the state joined under? If they hadn't, many likely wouldn't and the nation would not be what it is? Anything else is 'changing the terms', and that is very likely to result in a lot of chaos - since it would be unconstitutional, unless you got 3/4's of the states to go along with it. Pretty unlikely, since most of the states benefit from this arrangement? You probably weren’t getting the flu even once every few years - common colds are pretty miserable on their own. Many people have never actually had influenza. It is really, really terrible and will make many people essentially non functional for a week or more, with high fever, crippling body aches, etc. Sinus congestion and feeling out of it for a week is not the flu. The Supreme Court can and does severely constrain or expand what the writing is interpreted to actually apply to - you see this all the time around 1st, 2nd, 5th, 10th US amendments. In theory, a whole amendment could be neutered or nuked that way. In theory, but in practice that is more of an accepted convention than a hard rule and dependent on the willingness of the other branches to rein it in. As the sole arbiter of what is and is not constitutional, including how to read and interpret existing language - they can do what they can get away with. For instance, the text of the 10th Amendment makes it pretty clear that the original intent was that states were sovereign except for those powers explicitly carved out to the Federal gov't - "The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tenth_Amendment_to_the_United_... ] Since WW2 (and a bit before that, including rulings 'reinterpreting' the commerce clause to cover things like growing wheat on your own land for your own consumption within an individual state to assist the Executive in enforcing price controls over the economy), the supreme court has ruled that essentially Congress can regulate anything it wants, city, state and federal level. This is how we've ended up with things like federal laws against possession of drugs (even in states that have them legalized), federal laws regulating firearms (including possession of ones that are legalized in the state), federal laws on computer crimes, etc. If that isn't a radical shift and expansion of an amendment (without going through a further amendment process), I don't know what is. Similarly on the defacto removal side - 4th amendment protections and Asset Forfeiture, which allows near arbitrary and impossible to stop seizure of 'suspicious' assets has been ruled constitutional on a very flimsy basis - essentially as long as it gets rubber stamped by the courts, good to go. That is a dangerous misunderstanding of evolutionary pressure in viruses. LONG TERM, less deadly viruses will tend to spread better because the more deadly a virus is, the more it raises stakes for the host population to remove it or prevent it , and the more it can make it apparent who has been infected. Ebola for instance justifies pretty almost any action you can imagine to contain it's spread, where we are still arguing if lockdowns or travel restrictions are the cost appropriate measure with COVID. If the time of fatality is sufficiently delayed, or the time to implement other countermeasures or recognize the situation has changed is too long, it doesn't help anyone in the short, medium, or potentially even long term - you can have massive fatalities and huge spread. The 1918 pandemic had multiple waves, with the second in particular having a much higher fatality rate than the first - 10x a typical flu season, which is what we're seeing now. This was almost certainly caused by variants, though lack of data makes it impossible to prove. [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_flu ] A particularly nasty example [ https://www.adn.com/alaska-news/science/2020/03/22/how-an-al... ] The more infections, the more likely we'll get more variants, and the more likely we'll get some that cause terrible, terrible problems - and may still be quite infectious. Long term, will the most terrible ones die out? Very likely. However, smallpox was a scourage on humanity since likely 300 BCE and up until eradication by a massive global effort in 1975, it still had fatality rates around 25-35%. So don't just assume COVID will 'evolve to harmlessness', or if it does that it would happen on a timeframe convenient for society [ https://www.cdc.gov/smallpox/history/history.html ] No it won't - it increases the chances for mutations and variants to form, randomly, increasing the odds that one of them will be more deadly AND more infectious. Influenza certainly hasn't. It will mutate past defenses, and survive, just as seasonal coronaviruses have - unless a concerted effort occurs to completely eradicate it, and that effort is successful.