I don't think it should be about blame at all. It's about identifying causes, so you can fix stuff and prevent it from happening again. You can't blame any individual black or white person for what happened, unless he was personally involved in it. But you can identify what happened in specific communities and sub-communities in order to understand the processes at work. If you don't want to do that because some communities happen to be dominated by certain skin colors, you'll never understand exactly what happened. And let's face it, in the US, skin color matters. It might not be right, but for cultural and social reasons, many people do tend to hang out with people of the same skin color, however silly that may be. I love these kind of projects. We desperately need independence from the Visa/Mastercard monopoly over international transactions. I very much like the 0-click results from DuckDuckGo. But if you want something else, Qwant ( http://www.qwant.com/ ) has something similar. (Possibly even better; I haven't compared it yet.) I don't think it's reading the books that people object to; it's giving money to someone who may use it to campaign against basic human rights. Linux was never intended to be truly innovative. It was intended to be a free/open unix. There was a strong demand for an open source unix that could be expanded upon, and there was none, until Linus released linux. There was minix, which was a lot more innovative (microkernel), but Tanenbaum wanted to keep it strictly for educational purposes, simple and easy, and didn't want to turn it into a big system with all the bells and whistles that linux got. Had FreeBSD been released earlier, that might have had the position that linux has now. Sounds prone to crashes. This is not a modern lens. People back then also called it bad. I remember when Windows 95 was released, people mockingly called it MacOS 89, RiscOS 88, or AmigaOS 85. The line between really great and really creepy is very thin here. Yes, I too would vastly prefer working in a diverse work environment that includes women, over working in a place that doesn't hire women on principle, or does hire them, but they quickly flee. But I would not want to work in a place that treats women as a commodity, or tries to attract male programmers with them. It's a matter of attitude, and that attitude does show in the way you present this as a perk. They can't outright refuse to handle DMCA requests, but they can stop automated handling of such requests. If I understand correctly, big content holders get special tools they can use to remove infringing content from some Google services (YouTube at least; not sure about search results). If they abuse that special access, Google can take away these privileges and double check everything manually. That takes a lot of time, and means that the infringing content will remain accessible for a longer time. Ah, but didn't the US also pioneer secret trade agreements? I can see FB and Google splitting into a US-based main company and an EU-based subsidiary. EU users will be handled by the EU company and US users by the US company. Exactly. Friendly communities attract more people. Linus gets away with it because there's tons of people who want to work on his projects, and he can afford to alienate some talent. Others don't have that luxury. I've heard of plenty of people who prefer one language over another because of the nicer community. Eventually that should mean that projects with friendly communities are more successful. I thought it was about coke, which is normally white, as far as I know. (No personal experience.) I always thought the fear of Lyme was exaggerated (though I'd learned to remove ticks carefully). But this spring, a niece got a really bad case of Lyme. Spent a long time in the hospital, and is still recovering. I don't know all the medical details, but I suspect she'll have to learn to live with aching joints for the rest of her life, which is hopefully a long time; she's 8. The people need a third party to switch to. The current two-party system leads to a serious lack of democracy. Back in 2004, I had 200 sites open in Opera. Worked fine on my Pentium II except for closing Opera, which took 15 minutes. Nowadays I use Chrome, Firefox and Safari on two different machines, and they all have multiple open windows each with dozens of open tabs. I'm pretty good at bringing any machine to its knees. My biggest problem was when Safari gave up and decided not to remember what was actually in those tabs. That sucked. Or at least, it felt sucky at the time. I have no idea what was in them either, so I don't really miss them. I suspect it means there's something on the Internet that I haven't read. To me, Americans with III after their name always look like they're pretending to be royalty. Where I live, only monarchs have that (and only after their first name). But some say it better than others. Fortunately this is more than compensated by the extreme rise in wages for CEOs and other high management positions. ACLU does quite a bit more than just support gay marriage, though. If they do a lot of things you think are great, and a few you're meh about, it's still good to donate. The people who donate primarily for the gay marriage fight don't get to earmark their money either. If there was ever any remote chance of me visiting the US, this definitely kills the last remains of it. Please, please fix your country. (Because I really do want to visit. Just not while it's this broken.) Exposing crimes by the government is good, no matter how illegal it is. I agree entirely with the article that Bezos' claim that he'll resist threats of being put through the wringer sound a bit hollow considering he caved to a simple request. Yes, it was perfectly legal for him to pull Wikileaks. However, that fact that he pulled Wikileaks when he didn't have to (there was no court order or anything like it), showed that he isn't the big defender of free press that he claims to be. Wikileaks was publishing on US war crimes and various secret shady dealings by various governments. Illegal or not, it's stuff that needs to be published. Bezos removing it before he was court ordered to, definitely counts against his credibility as a defender of the free press. > may have bought the Washington Post simply because he hated backing down in 2010. Interesting perspective. I hope it's true, but if it is, I'd appreciate if he said so. The US government seems to think the entire world is basically the American Empire. Everybody can handle their local issues as they see fit, but they can't make any demands of the US, no matter how reasonable, and they have to obey any demands from the US, no matter how unreasonable. Only the US, its interests, and (to some extend) its voters count. The US is Rome while we're Gaul. We're fine as long as we accept their supremacy. But the US is becoming increasingly oppressive. The Snowden case is just one of many examples of that. There are a lot of people in the US who'd like the US to be equally oppressive. Really, not the best of examples here. On the whole, it seems that the US is somewhat less oppressive than Russia, but a lot more than most European countries. Particularly disgusting is that many European countries haven't condemned US behaviour regarding Snowden, and even seem willing to act as US vassals. I guess I should also keep an eye on UX gigs then. I'm a programmer and tended to ignore UX positions because I figured it might be a whole separate discipline. But I can do javascript just fine. (I'm not much good at graphical design, though.) And I'm sure they'll figure out ways to make it more addictive. I've felt like this at every company I worked for, and not just at startups. At the start, I'm learning tons of new stuff, solving new problems, growing a lot of lots of different ways, and that gives me energy to put in way too much work. Eventually that slows down; I've seen those problems before, it's just another feature on some thing I've already worked on, and it starts to feel repetitive. I just need something new every once in a while. I thrive on change, apparently. (My brother doesn't; he's been working at the same company forever.) The problem is: I never get around to my own projects; when I started at a new job, all my energy goes into that. When it turns into an old job, that extra energy is gone. I never have the surplus energy for my own stuff. > I always feel like "just another dev", bored and ultimately like my potential is being cut short. I always had that too. Especially about the potential; I knew I could do so much more than I was showing at all the companies I worked for, but I had no idea how to show it. I quit and became a freelancer. Messed about with my own projects for a bit, did some small freelance work, and now I'm at a big freelance job at a company that's larger than any I'd worked for before. And from day one, I'm contributing beyond what I normally contribute. I'm taking on leadership roles that I normally wouldn't. I make more strategic decisions than every before. I don't know if it's that this company has just the right culture for me, or maybe it's that ultimately I'm a freelancer and my own boss, and therefore I feel far more responsible for my work. I want to sell myself and keep selling myself through my work. Or maybe it's because starting my own company forced me to step way outside my own comfort zone; I have to negotiate contracts, hire an accountant, decide how to invest in myself; I need to think business, and that doesn't come naturally to me, but I do it. And maybe that's what gives me the confidence to take more charge, take more initiative, and keep moving forward in my every day work. And I've got plans inside this large company (my client) beyond my current project. I see ways in which I can mean more to them, help them with more fundamental organizational problems; I see ways in which I can make myself more valuable (and thus more expensive) to them. Whatever it is, I love it so far. And when I stop loving it, I'm free to do something entirely different. I'm my own boss. > you chose to jump into nothing rather than parlay your way to something else. Seems a little impulsive. Impulsive is a red flag Sounds impulsive, but doesn't have to be. It's possible to make that jump after long and thorough consideration. It took me years and a couple of jobs before I finally dared to quit and start my own thing. Not everything I did with my own thing worked out well; spent a lot of time finding my own way, wasted a lot of time, made almost no money in my first year. I did some freelance work, now working on a bigger freelance gig, but I'm really hitting my stride now, and can't wait to go back to my own projects. I'm not a natural entrepreneur. It took me ages to make this step. Nobody in my extended family has their own company; they all work for a salary. Nobody likes this kind of risk, but I love it. I love the freedom and the uncertainty. I love the risk. It was a tough decision, and it still seems impulsive compared to a steady salary, but it was the second best decision of my life. (The best was marrying my wife, but that one was surprisingly easy.) > Why would you quit without another job lined up? You must have a ton of money already saved to cover the rent and feed the children. If you've got children, you hopefully also have a spouse with his/her own income. I'm fortunate that my wife makes enough to pay the entire mortgage on just her income, so my money goes mostly to child care and various extras and luxuries. With a bit of savings we can make it for quite a while. If you're maintaining a family on a single income, then yeah, that kind of step is rather irresponsible. But if you live on your own, you'll have your hands free for anything. I've never had anyone ask about the gaps in my CV. Never. I've been unemployed after the dotcom crash. Nobody cares. Last year I messed about on some of my own stuff. Everybody thinks it's fine. They just want to hire me. Admittedly it's possible that my CV looks a lot more attractive than the average CV, but personally I wouldn't know why. It's possible the job market in Netherland is better than in the US, though. > You insult people who have experienced a police state by calling what we are experiencing a police state. I think you insult their experience much more by allowing your country to become a police state while denying what's happening. It's true, it could be far, far worse. But that doesn't change the fact that the US is rapidly moving into that direction. The fact that the executive branch and the legislature both support the police state, doesn't make it any less of a police state. Yes, you can call it something else, but a police state by any other name stinks just as much. On the subject of whether it's a police state, illegality is irrelevant. If the law makes it a police state, it's still a police state. He hasn't sacrificed his life in the sense that he's dead, but he has sacrificed it in the sense that he left behind the quite comfortable life he had back home. And if he gets extradited, who knows what kind of punishment he'd receive. He was willing to risk his liberty and possibly his life for his country. That makes him a hero by any reasonable definition. It's definitely becoming clear that the US stopped being a suitable country for companies interested in providing such services. Why does it have to be Paypal? They've already proven themselves unreliable in cases such as this. I don't know about coffee, but I've figured out when tea becomes a problem. There have been times when I drank 4-6 liters of tea per day. If I'd quit cold turkey, the next day I'd get a growing, eventually stabbing headache, nausea, and eventually vomiting. But it's very easy to kick: one or two days of drinking 1 or 2 liters and I'm fine. Even less might probably work; I've had times when I was worried that I didn't reduce my tea consumption in time, and I just drank some cola and was usually fine. (I don't like cola. I just drink it to ease down my addiction.) I never actually noticed any significant fogginess as far as I remember. With cafeine, going cold turkey is more likely to be accidental. You don't realize how addicted you are, go somewhere where you don't have access to cafeine (a weekend of sailing, for example), and on the second day the withdrawal hits you. Next time: bring a few cans of cola to drink during the first day, and you're okay. No idea. Though I do get a dry mouth quite easily. 2 liters of fluid is about the minimum per day (you need more if it's very hot). It doesn't have to be tea, of course, but I have a tendency to drink nothing but tea. Tea is often assumed to be utterly harmless and just as good as water, but I have my doubts that's still true at the volumes I used to drink it. Nowadays I drink just 2 or 3 liters. I basically drink per pot, and one pot is about 1 liter (depending on size). Always one for breakfast, one or two at work, and maybe one in the evening. Okay, so I guess it's 4 liters. Still better than the 6 it was. I believe tea leaves have more cafeine than coffe beans, but coffee tends to be made far stronger than tea. From what I understand, steeping your tea very short won't help much in reducing the cafeine in it; cafeine enters the hot water in the first half minute. You'd barely have any flavour if you steep that short. Make employees co-owners. Then they have more incentive to care, and their voice counts in the direction of the company. It's not just someone else's problem anymore. He's probably using social security and medicare more than defense. The chance that he gets sick or unemployed is probably a lot larger than the chance that the US gets attacked or significantly threatened. Knowing that you're covered in case anything goes wrong is enough to make the taxes worth it. > First of all the comment he was replying to was talking about services like housing, transportation, and healthcare, which already are provided by the market and aren't really things the government has any advantage in. As for all the stuff it does pay for, at best it costs exactly the same amount as you have to pay in taxes. But the government spends money on a lot of other things with your taxes that don't really benefit you. So you would save a decent amount of money. And with no competition, the services they do provide cost a lot more then they probably could. Healthcare is one area where a collective (i.e. by the government) approach has a definite advantage. Privatized health care and health insurance is a lot more expensive. The US has the highest medical costs in the western world, yet many people are lacking very basic medical care. The second most expensive country (at roughly half the cost per capita) is Netherland, where health care is semi-private, semi-government, and health insurance is private but regulated and compulsory in order to provide a uniform standard for everybody. And surrounding countries (where it's cheaper) have better health care at least in some areas. I don't have numbers, but I expect that the cheapest and highest quality medical care in the western world will be in some country where health care is strongly dominated by the government. > Everyone pays their taxes to avoid having their property stolen or going to jail. The fact that force isn't applied unreasonably doesn't mean it isn't there. Just like everybody doesn't steal from their neighbour or kill people who anger them in order to avoid going to jail. That doesn't mean there's anything wrong with taxes; it means we live in a civilized society with some basic standards of behaviour. > There are people that don't consent. At best you could say the majority consent. You can justify it by saying it's better than any other system we know of, but not that people consent to it. The same goes for any law. I'm sure there are people that disagree that theft or murder should be illegal. Or slavery, for that matter. And those are the extreme cases. For every law, there are some who don't agree with it. Should every law only apply to those who agree with it? Laws would lose their meaning. Can you name a country that has the system you want, and has it work better and cheaper than most of the western world? The US is the example of the most privatized health care, and it's almost twice as expensive as the #2 most expensive country. That #2 country has a semi-privatized system. Exactly. I have some doubts about Soylent, but the only real argument this article provides is: different people have different nutritional needs. Fine. So how well does normal food adjust to those needs? Who the hell tunes their food intake exactly to their needs? Do we even have the science to determine what your personal needs are? The vast, vast majority of people simply eat what tastes good. Or even just what's available. Some people try to stick what they think is healthy, but they often do that on a much narrower scientific basis than Rhinehart uses. Lots of people follow thoroughly unhealthy diets hoping to lose weight for a few months become they gain it again. Soylent, in contrast, is pretty easy to tune to your needs, once you're aware of them. You're not stuck with whatever the nutritional value in your favourite food is, you can actually tweak it (or let a qualified nutritionist do it for you). In the future, I can imagine Soylent dispensers that dispense your perfect mix when you insert your chipcard with your nutritional needs. So despite the author's dislike for amateurs, his only argument sounds to me like it's in favour of the direction Soylent is taking. Of course it's a play on the movie. Where do you get the weird idea that it might be unintentional?