You may want to fix the link to https://medium.com/dialogue-and-discourse/anatomy-of-propaga... - yours requires logging in (and having an account). suspended. Collecting email-addresses without being GDPR-compliant is not a good idea in Europe, you might want to add a bit of legal text. The medium account of the article you linked to was suspended, the article cannot be accessed. Product development won't help if people don't know about it. Do more marketing (or start doing it at all). Talk to people that have done comparison articles on your topic in the past and explain your product and its' unique advantage to them (but don't expect them to include you immediately, takes time). Add videos that showcase your product (I'm lazy, I probably won't sign up and figure out how it works and if it works for me). Start blogging more, and offer solutions to specific cases ("I'm a XXX and here's how I used YYY to solve my problem with ZZZ"). From my experience: don't build anything for profit/public unless you have a marketing/sales plan/person. I've seen quite a few ideas fizzle out because all involved were working on the product and none were able/willing to work on getting people/companies to use the product. > but the point is that there's a case to be made for the word "homophobic." Yeah, but that case is rare, while the usage isn't. Homomisiac would be more accurate, though I find that too strong for many occasions: hate is quite high on the dislike-scale, and shouldn't be the first one to go for. > We think of real phobias as something we should tolerate in people and something we should be sensitive towards. That's not the case here. Unrelated: that sounds like you believe that people make a conscious choice regarding what they like and don't like, and to what degree they do so. I'm pretty sure you're going to have a rough awakening at some point. But that's not actually what it's about, is it? "They" isn't to be used instead of calling a female doctor "him" when you know she is female. I've noticed that more and more authors have just started to randomly (or by some pattern that I don't know) use "she" instead of "he" in about half the examples (as in "a user visits our home page. She might be annoyed when she has to wait for multiple seconds"). It works flawlessly and I find it much easier to read than "they" personally. I've talked to multiple people about content that I know includes that and nobody mentioned it in a negative way (but two people liked it). > Would you say that that employee should receive the same amount of tolerance and sensitivity as the one who was afraid of flying? It depends on how much I think about it and who is asking. If anybody who isn't academically interested is asking: Of course not, how dare you even present this idea! Otherwise, starting from the lack of free will, why are we judging them differently, and aren't we claiming that one made a conscious choice to not talk to gay people while the other didn't make a conscious choice to not fly? I'm with you that norms and traditions provide a clear answer, one that I'd most likely give as well intuitively. (And I'd be very surprised if you couldn't treat both with similar methods; neither is treated by firing her.) There is a difference between artificial change of languages and natural change though, isn't there? > I'm pretty sure Jones and co are crazy enough to believe much of what they pubish there. I don't believe Jones himself does, but maybe some contributors do. However: (some of) the audience definitely believes it. When they reproduce it, they do so with the best intentions. I agree regarding mistakes - otoh, being paranoid about making mistakes might be a good thing in today's media. Public shaming (by their competitors) isn't happening / working, that might be a good side effect. That's true. "Intent to publish" is probably pretty easy to prove, but "knowledge of falsehood"? Short of lie detector tests (that are questionable iirc), how would one do that? > teach critical thinking and how to compare sources I want to say "good plan", but turning everybody into journalists defeats the idea of specialization. We do regulate how to build houses so that you don't need to become an architect, structural engineer, masonry expert etc to judge whether those you paid to do the job did it well. If you really go deep, you'd need to become a medium expert on lots of topics to judge the accuracy of an article. That doesn't sound feasible. The government promoting certain news organizations does sound like a bad idea to me. And are there even many that don't have any ads? The Guardian certainly has, and they sell user data. Inability or unwillingness? It's a great way to stop people from contacting you. Just pop a captcha in and your form submissions will drop dramatically. And if you're looking for a quick way to kill conversions, just add a mandatory captcha check to the checkout. Great tool! It's important research. I'm not a believer in diversity for diversity's sake, but I still want my users to have the best experience they can have. Maybe a way to go is to offer multiple interfaces (though I wouldn't target genders, there's overlap; my father was just as scared of breaking something as my mother when I first introduced them to computers), so you can present your stuff in different ways to different people. What I do wonder however: is http://gendermag.org/ appealing to "female" patterns of interaction, or is it just bad? Because I find the presentation not appealing at all, and they have put effort into research and appear to care about the topic, so I doubt they've just thrown it on the web "because we have to publish it there as well, I guess". I'm not an academic, and my interest in it is mostly practical. I'm missing both practical advice and a well structured presentation that goes beyond "well, read the paper and look up the references". What I find most annoying that I'm never sure what to click in those "click all traffic lights" and similar puzzles. If there's a tiny part of a traffic light in a neighboring frame, does that count, should I highlight it? I've done both and failed, and I've done both and succeeded, I haven't figured out a pattern yet. Have you ever tried having your accounts deleted before the GDPR roll-out? Because I have, and no company ever said no. They are often "necessary" for monetization though, aren't they? A few privacy-minded people would probably pay a few bucks a month to use Google without tracking, ads etc, but I doubt that it would be a lot. And it wouldn't be cheap either, I'm afraid. Let's say you take what Gmail offers for free and buy it at ProtonMail - that'd be 20-30 euros a month just for Email. Who would spend hundreds of dollars a month to get today's average digital experience but with solid privacy? And who could actually afford to? I agree, but it would increase the prices, right? Would you buy a phone that doesn't include "we'll sell the user's data" in the financial planning at twice the price? And pay another premium for a mobile provider that doesn't actively track you & sells profile data? I'm not so sure about it being added just because they can make a few extra bucks. I believe it becomes part of the revenue system and drives down the margin they make on the actual product. Once somebody starts, everybody has to follow or they can't compete because their product is expensive. With privacy minded people being a small minority, it probably doesn't make sense financially to cater to them in many markets. Emails is relatively simple, building a cell phone, or running a cell network, is not, so you don't do it for a handful of users. I'm not (knowingly) engaging in fear mongering, I just looked up what I'd pay at ProtonMail (privacy first) to have equal storage space I get at GMail (19GB; privacy last), and that's 20-30 euros. Looking at a web search engine, how much would that cost me? What about a place that syncs my images from my cell phone? Or Analytics for my blog? An OS for my smart phone? Google provides all that for free and finances it by mining the data users give them in return. Apple gets something like $9bn a year to let Google be the default search engine. That's revenue for Apple, coming directly from Google's wish to get more data. If you remove that, will iphones be 10-20% more expensive? I agree completely, if we want to change that, government has to be involved. There's little to no incentive for a company to change. I doubt many users are fine with a price increase, and for some it may be prohibitive, and they'll not be happy to no longer be able to afford a smart phone. If your electricity provider only offered affordable rates in exchange for giving up a certain amount of privacy, I'm sure most people would still go for it. Most people need electricity much more than they need privacy. Will those "good players" be able to compete? And will they even get funding if it's required to start their business? Unless you force everybody to not just dump toxic chemicals into the river, the company that doesn't will have to charge a lot more, and customers will go with those that do (if they live far enough from the river, or upstream from the dump site). > The job of European data protection agencies isn't to be punitive, but to ensure compliance. Wouldn't larger fines ensure compliance though? > That's a bazooka you don't use for every infraction. Use it once, and you won't have to use it again. I don't know the usual english translation of a quote attributed to Mao: punish one, teach one hundred. Handing out fines that actually hurt will not only teach those that receive it but also everybody else. Making knuddels.de pay €20k for leaking the data (including clear text passwords) of millions of users just says "do as you please, here's a symbolic fine, we don't mind". You're probably right, they don't want to hurt the actors on the first offence. We shall see whether it will turn into a three-strikes system, or remain in a rather pedagogical western european fashion. It does remind me off Google vs SEO-Black-Hat-Spammers. They get caught, the get a manual penalty, they remove the worst, say they're sorry, the penalty gets lifted, they continue on. "Hi, I'm working for cnbc and I've never heard of Baidu or China" Top articles of the moment: > Can You Recognize These Rectangular-Ish U.S. States? > 31 Ways To Make Traveling So Much Less Stressful > People Are Sharing The Nicest Thing A Stranger Has Done For Them, And It's Exactly What You Need Today I mean, I'm sure they do also sometimes produce journalistic content, and it might be of great quality when they do. Well, the news was about "BuzzFeed" in general, but fair enough. Buzzfeed News current top articles: Why Bryan Singer’s Latest Scandal May Not Affect Rami Malek’s “Bohemian Rhapsody” Oscar Campaign This Photographer Captures The Emotional Final Moments Between Pets And Their Owners Climate Change Is A Top Priority For The New Crop Of Governors — Even One Republican A Man Allegedly Harassed Parkland Victims' Families On Instagram By Posing As The Shooter A Woman Mistakenly Showed Up For Her Interview With Microsoft A Month Early. Her Hilarious Exchange With The Company Has Gone Viral. "Foreign" here means "Western" or "American", I suppose. As far as I know, Yandex isn't blocked in China, and they are Russian, so foreign to China. I don't know their market share (they fall under "other", but so does "bing" often), still worth a mention maybe. It's great that somebody is looking into this and goes through the trouble of aggregating the data, but the presentation is lacking severely (unless I'm completely blind and am missing the real thing). Target the data. ML, AI won't do anything without data. Stop the surveillance, stop the threat. But oh, I guess we need the surveillance to stop fake news, terrorists or nationalists, protect against election meddling, optimize ad penetration, and spy on foreign companies and governments... Was it provided to WL, or do you want them to copy and paste it? I don't have any idea about voting rights, but the current status wouldn't matter, right? Or is there a thing that you retroactively always had voting rights once you become a citizen? The big point of AlphaStar wasn't the "learning" part (that is: strategies, build order), it was the micro part (control of individual units). Even with the same APM (action per minute) as a human, it has a huge advantage. It can control units in different areas in the same time, and do so perfectly. It doesn't have tiny imperfections. That adds up quickly in star craft 2, and gives it a great advantage. Does that translate into real world applications? Computers are already much better at reaction time and, once they calculated everything and a decision has been reached, executing it perfectly. That'll probably help in piloting as well - thinking of it as a human that steps on the brake a little bit earlier, doesn't oversteer etc. Tiny advantages can make the difference between a crash and a close call. It's not the great breakthrough though. It reads like "people are voting different than I would have. Clearly they are manipulated by evil powers", and suggests giving up privacy and trusting governments & corporations. No thanks. Sure, it does some stuff that's fine, but that's not what makes it win (yet). It's basically playing in Archon mode (but alone) where it can see and act all over the map at the same time - humans can't do that. I'm sure it will at some point become better at strategies, too, but so far it's hard to compare because the API it has is much more powerful. When they did change that aspect of the match, the 10:0 turned into 10:1. Would Mana have won the next 10 games? Nobody knows, but at least it would've been a lot closer. SC2 rewards micro a lot, and a computer will always be better at micro than a human (unless you make it harder for the machine). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PLplRDSgpo This is a couple of years old, and at that level, it would certainly beat any pro, even without a superior strategy because micro is a leverage for unit strength. > It turns out that maybe the open societies weren't as open as they thought. Or that an "open world" isn't as stable as predicted. Would we even have the same "open" societies without China's repressive society and their willingness to finance western consumption? Yeah. The SU was much smaller than the US-led side (~300m vs ~700m), it's very different with China, so that will be interesting. It focuses on the middle east, where the US (& allies) / NATO have been the driving forces behind most of the recent "conflicts" that led to forced migrations (Iraq, Libya, Syria), and then says "climate change had a significant impact"? Do generals at the Pentagon get too war-happy when it's too warm on average in any given year? Or is it that plunging Libya and Syria into civil war and leaving Iraq close to it wouldn't have mattered as much if it wasn't for that sea level rise? > That's the introduction paragraph. "Blaming the US" for all turmoil in the Middle East is far too simplistic. Sure, you're right (at least in a general sense; Libya, Iraq are 100% on the US/NATO). But saying climate change plays a significant role in a conflict that has been started by external forces is a joke. We might've seen wars in the middle east without US/NATO starting them, and climate change would probably have played a role in those (as would population size), but we won't, because they did start them. It's a nice meme, though. "It wasn't us by arming, training and directing forces to topple a Regime we didn't like - it was climate change!" Can confirm. A large domestic Store operator we've talked to about using our SaaS had one make-or-break criteria: none of their data may pass through anything hosted on AWS. Are you sure? The NSA runs a global surveillance program, monitoring/copying most of the internet traffic, and industrial espionage (against all non-US states & companies, allies or not) is a stated goal of this program. I don't know how well-funded the chinese IP theft program is, but I doubt it's much larger. Preliminary tests going to start in Raccoon City in Q4/2019? > Immigration has lots of economic benefits, and few economic costs. Immigrants pay for native-born Americans’ retirement, start companies, and make the U.S. a desirable destination for investment, while not taking away jobs or depressing wages of the native-born. That's weird. Economists regularly find that more supply decreases prices, and that this holds true for the labor market as well. But of course, it's an opinion piece with no claim to be based on facts, knowledge of said facts, or anything other than "I feel like this is true". For more science-based thoughts on the economy and immigration, maybe turn to politico instead of bloomberg: https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/trump-clinto... If you're talking about buying stuff at the grocery store: sure, but it's not a 1:1 offset. You don't need to hire an extra employee to serve an extra customer. Over all, more labor supply = lower wages. That's really not a wild theory, and I personally haven't heard anybody claim that it's not true, but would love to hear your take on it. What typically is a response to realizing that is to try and regulate the labor market more so supply and demand don't set the price, i.e. minimum wage, fixed wages, or some other way of making the labor market work less like a market. Why wouldn't they be? This only says that, when approached by law enforcement with a valid warrant, they need to be able to log the IP that accessed a certain account. If that IP is a TOR exit node, so be it. Not OP but removing the hash will not really help, even if you've used the same password on multiple sites, because the attacker would need to know which hash was used to sign up for other services. Compromised myname+leaked@example.org:mypassword won't help getting into my account at somewebsite that is registered to myname+secure@example.org:mypassword. And, I suppose, it forces you to use a password manager, because there's no way you're remembering the email, even if you're using the same password ;) I fail to see how the gender or ethnicity of the company owners is relevant here. Would Munchery's behavior be okay if it was about a bakery owned by three white men? Is there an explanation for that? It sounds counter intuitive that the heat wouldn't transfer and stay at the ground of all places. Or, to put it another way, has that always been the case, or is that a new thing, that the heat stays down here? I have literally no knowledge about any of that, so don't take my question as anything but me not knowing and wondering, please. So anonymous hear-say is all there is? And is the company even small? "Some of our bigger customers purchase up to $15,000/week with us" sounds like they make > $100k revenue/week regularly, baking thousands and thousands of cakes every week. I don't know SF standards of small, but that sounds like a solid operation to me - one that definitely has the resources to go after a corporate client that doesn't pay. I still find it weird to focus on gender/sex and ethnicity, and I have my doubts that Munchery invested a lot of time & money into finding out who is behind the companies they don't pay and what the owners' gender is.