> I aced the programming classes All grad schools care about is how well you did in that particular subject (or maybe a related subject, like math). You could easily ace your programming and math classes, bomb everything else, end up with a 2.0, and get into grad school. This isn't particularly surprising. Exactly. I couldn't figure out what was so remarkable about this page until I read the comments here. This is how every professor/post-doc/grad-student's page looks like if they don't use a university template. ooohhhhhh....I had been eating more . Yes, technically, "global warming" refers to modern, human-induced climate change. But outside of paleontological circles, they are the same thing. There's certainly no need to be criticizing people for that usage, since there's no possibility of confusion; we're always talking about modern climate change. So there is allegedly climate change due to carbon dioxide without increasing global temperatures? I've never heard this. What is the mechanism, and what is the evidence? This managed to nail all the BS pseudo physics that drives physicists crazy to hear repeated. I don't understand your first paragraph. Shouldn't the cosmic ray flux through each bit be the same for each bit, and unchanged as you increase the total amount of memory? If I'm a given bit, should having a second stick of RAM 10 inches away affect whether I flip during a given time period? Oh, OK. I guess then I wouldn't say that upsets/bit/hour is an incorrect unit. (It's clearly what you want to know to calculate the chance of error for a given piece of RAM.) It's just that this parameter varies across time and manufacturers. Using the value from a particular model of RAM manufactured in 1988 is sure to lead to wrong conclusions. Thanks. Apparently, 63% of US adults live in households with broadband. Considering the number people who avoid or can't use the internet (i.e. older folks) this seems like remarkable penetration to me. PDF: http://www.pewinternet.org/~/media/Files/Reports/2009/Home-B... A similar barrier exists for many people with simple math. As a tutor, it's incredibly frustrating when I introduce a simple algebra expression (plus, minus, maybe even multiplication) and a grown person shrieks "No, I don't understand math. I just don't get it" without even spending a moment to see if they can understand. If the collateral is human capital (not a house or car), why don't they offer loans where you pay back a percentage of your future income, rather than a fixed amount? This seems like it would automatically smooth over the worst of the variance resulting in default. Assuming they're continuing to fight insurgents (i.e. not fighting another superpower) I think the technological distance between the US and its enemies is a lot more than 5 years. Care to make a LongBet? Is there anything beside intuition that makes you think this would help anything? It seems plausible to me too, but I have zero evidence that it would help anyone's eyes. marshallp wasn't criticizing him. On the contrary, he was just pointing out that Buffet's actions are morally consistent. "And a huge chunk of the population (over 30 percent) never go online at all—less because they're retired and not interested; more often because they can't afford the prices." From the survey, the main reasons given for no internet use at any location are... Don't Need/Not Interested: 47.2% No Computer or Computer Inadequate: 22.3% Too Expensive: 18.6% Lack of Skill: 4.3% Can Use Somewhere Else: 1.4% Other: 5.5% To me, it looks like more people don't go online because they aren't interested (47.2%) than because they can't afford it (22.3%+18.6% = 40.9%). Of Americans without internet access (31.3% of the population) only 18.6% go without because of the cost of access. That's just 5.8% of population who can't afford access, which seems like a very small fraction to me. Now, slightly more of those without access attribute it to a lack of a computer, but this isn't something that can be fixed through the market for internet access. Why is this on HN? Huh? The idea would be that, for a percentage-of-your-income loan, poorer people would pay back less and richer people would pay back more (compared to a standard loan). Well, I think the smokers are angry because the gov't in some places has stepped in and made it illegal to smoke at any bar. That's quite different than a coffee shops deciding to not allow laptops in their particular store. I think the author means it doesn't discriminate between misbehaving/loitering youth (a small fraction, which the stores are trying to drive away) and all other youth. Besides considering (1) the current-tax-rate vs. retirement-tax-rate and (2) tax rates are likely to increase, the other major thing to keep in mind is (3) that the government may decide to tax Roth IRA distributions in the future (even though it says it won't now). Think it won't happen? Social security benefits weren't taxed until 1984. EDIT: Also, if you're currently raising a family and/or paying for kids' college, it's very plausible and reasonable that you'll be in a lower tax bracket when you retire. The blog post could have been expressed in about 5 sentences. Interesting, nonetheless. This idea is really more of a tautology. It takes of-order 10 years time to become an expert at something because this is of-order a human lifetime. There is no objective "Expert" level. "Experts" are just the people who have spent the most time at something (modulo effort and intrinsic skill). Since (1) you can't spend much more than 50 years on something and (2) there are always diminishing returns for time invested, 10 years will get you 90% of the maximum possible skill at almost any pursuit. The exceptions are, of course, those areas where there are aren't strong diminishing returns (rare...maybe memorization?) or where there is a ceiling on skill (e.g. tic-tac-toe). In those cases, expertise comes with more and less time, respectively. People don't want Wikipedia to be dump for all possible information. What about the one I wrote in my basement? I also don't get the joke. Care to explain? That's quite a liberal definition of "need". "Today, numerous modern studies show that in randomized trials, meticulous hand-washing, when coupled with other infection control measures like surgical draping and universal gloving, reduce the rate of life-threatening infections during surgery and intensive care unit stays. But in hospitals, outside of these clinical trials, just half of doctors and nurses regularly clean their hands before patient care, despite widespread publicity." This is a silly comparison. During surgery (when people are literally split open) and in ICUs (when their body is profoundly damaged), the human body is unnaturally and incredibly sensitive to infection. If you've ever witnessed a surgery, you'd know that surgeons are insanely, mind-bogglingly obsessive-compulsive about washing their hands and keeping a sterile operating room. But 99% of people in the hospital or doctor's offices are not so compromised, so it's not surprising that doctors and nurses aren't religious about hand washing "before patient care". I assume you mean the checklist article that dmlorenzetti found, which I've read. That article is about people in the ICU--not merely outside the OR--where it is indeed paramount to take all measures possible to reduce the risk of infection. If checklists are effective in reducing mortality in the ICU, then great; doctors and nurses should be insistently prodded to use them. But this shouldn't be confused with a mandate to go hand-washing crazy for all hospitals and doctor's offices. ICU patients make up a tiny percentage of all patients. (As an aside, I am a bit skeptical of these pieces written in the popular press by experts in a certain field which criticize their colleagues. Sometimes, it's a case where the field really has settled into a bad equilibrium, and the contrarian must go outside the fold to right the situation. But often, it's simply an outlet for the contrarian to preach to an audience which doesn't have the expertise and experience to assess his claims.) Is there someway to interpret this other than the Professor is a arrogant a-hole? What's interesting about this? This was a real surprise to me too. Here's some discussion I found: http://www.onedayoneinternship.com/blog/are-unpaid-internshi... I figured that if you were getting paid nothing while working on something profitable for a company, it was assumed you were being compensated with experience. But apparently, all the company can do is train you while deriving zero benefit from your training. This seems like a stupid law. But the idea behind minimum wage (as I understand it) is to ensure a living wage to people who are supporting themselves with the job. If you aren't getting paid anything, then you clearly aren't supporting yourself with the job; you're investing in yourself, just like going to school. That's why I assumed it would be legal to pay people zero but illegal to pay people less than minimum wage. It's not just a lack of demand for PI's, it's a strong demand for lab monkeys aka grad students, like yours truly. So long as (1) most research labs require many grad-student-level-trained hands for every professor-level-trained supervisor and (2) grad students continue to be deluded about their chance of securing a tenured position in the future, the situation will continue. I was a physics undergrad at a very hardcore school, and I can tell you that I wasn't even remotely close to being able to do physics research upon graduation. Even after taking two years of full-time grad classes, I considered myself (and my fellow student) somewhat unprepared to choose a research field, much less do independent research. Part of this stems from the fact that US undergrad degrees are much broader than in Europe. My understanding is that European undergrads specialize in a topic day one, whereas US undergrads take at most half of their college classes in their major. "Despite the widespread and increasing availability of sexually explicit materials, according to national FBI Department of Justice statistics, the incidence of rape declined markedly from 1975 to 1995. This was particularly seen in the age categories 20–24 and 25–34, the people most likely to use the Internet." The article is filled with statements like this without telling us if researchers controlled for any of the infinite possible confounding factors. This may be just a bad article, and the research may actually support the hypothesis of a causal link (perhaps even through a controlled experiment, rather than a statistical survey). But as it is, there's really no strong evidence at all in this article. Unless someone writes a more competent article, one would need to go read the actual studies. EDIT: Wait, they are giving the internet credit for reducing rape between 1975 and 1995? The first graphical web browser, Mosaic, wasn't developed until 1992. OK, this article is total baloney. "Need a prescription for muscle relaxers, an anti-fungal cream, or a steroid inhaler for temporary lung trouble? In the U.S. you have to fight to get on the appointment schedule of a doctor within your health insurance network ... then have him or her scrawl something unintelligible on a slip of paper, which you take to a drugstore to exchange for your medicine. ...In France, by contrast, you walk to the corner pharmacist, get either a prescription or over-the-counter medication right away, shell out a dozen or so euros, and you’re done." Unless I'm confused, this is conflating two issues. Requiring patients to have a full doctor's visit in order to get a prescription for simple but non-OTC medicines is logically distinct from single-payer/non-single-payer. If you require more visits, you will of course spend more money. In my experience (physics graduate student), American students and European students do not differ significantly based on work ethic, planning, or organization. Certainly, the variance within each group in those categories is much larger than the difference between those groups. The significant difference was that Europeans had completed more math and physics course before they had to choose an advisor and commit to a research topic. First, Playboy and other print pornography were available long before VHS and Betamax. Is the claim that video pornography is the key product which reduced sexual violence? Second, what fraction of young men regularly viewed pornography on videotape from 1975-1990? It has to be much, much lower than the (near-ubiquitous) viewing of online pornography today. (Then again, maybe those most at risk to commit sexual violence were much more likely to purchase pornography on video.) That is definitely an interesting point, although I assume it was taken into account when companies and the government did their comparison with hydroelectric storage. Larger caverns should reduce the amount of energy lost due to heat. Is there a way to find the text you need to append after the # symbol (#xss) to get to a particular section without looking at the page source or using the TOC links? Would you say that the only way to be entitled to RSVPs is for the host to mail a physical invitation? What if I want to throw a small dinner party (say, 8-12) but I don't decide until the 3 days before, so that snail mail isn't an option but RSVPing by email is easy. Huh. See, I don't like it when other people invite me by calling because it puts me on the spot (and no, it's not because I'm deluded with so very many invitations...). I hate trying to remember if I have any conflicts and I hate trying to come up with a polite excuse if I don't feel like going. He's referring to the consumer tech market place. When's the last time a German company launched a piece of consumer hardware that had worldwide market share? EyeTV does not have large market share, in the sense that it does not compete on the scales of the ipad (which is what we're discussing). I'm not bad mouthing German companies or products. I drive a VW. T-Mobile is great example, thanks. What do "Web" and "Sites" mean? I assume one tells us whether China is blocking Google search results. __New_Game_Menu__ How many to tango? (1) brolo (2) bromance Thanks. Here is the standard framing of the print-to-online journalism problem: newspapers can no longer make enough money because (1) users won't pay for online subscriptions and (2) online advertising cannot make up for the lost print-subscription revenue. Thus, giving away content for free is not sustainable. (This argument is repeated everywhere.) But haven't newspapers always subsisted on advertising? My understanding is that, historically, the print subscription price didn't even cover the cost of printing. So isn't true that the problem has nothing to do with giving away content and everything to do with the value of online ads vs. print ads? I have never gotten a good answer to this question. Could someone help? I'm not very moved by this action either; this type of "moral stand" usually just serves to make the doer feel righteous rather than actually helping anyone. But, as an American, I really can't understand why you would say "For the most part, I feel more safe and free in Shanghai than the U.S." By "safe", are you just talking about physical security from crime? If so, I don't know why crime rate is very pertinent to the discussion. (...or did you mean safe from the government?) And how could you feel more free? I'm no expert, but I've never heard anyone say that people are more free in China, civil-rights-wise. "For the most part, Chinese people I meet from all walks of life and age groups feel more free than they did 10 years ago." I don't think many people would disagree that China is more free now than 10 years ago. But that doesn't mean it is sufficiently free (or as free as the US). 1. I think the issue of physical safety is disjoint from this discussion. 2. I'd rather deal with open-container laws and be able to vote.