At this point? None. It's a silly exercise on not going anywhere. HURD uses Mach, which is a mid-90s academic microkernel that's not so good in practice. Particularly, it's so slow at IPC (which is critical to performance in a pure microkernel system) that those using it (Darwin/OSX/IOS, HURD) had to compromise and use a hybrid architecture: Running drivers and some other components of the system with kernel privileges; A popular design choice in the 90s (also BeOS, Windows NT) due to the immaturity of microkernels. In late 90s/early 2000s, L4 happened. It went to great lengths to actually make achieving performance with a pure microkernel architecture possible. Afterwards, there were a lot of followup microkernels implementing the L4 interface, so these days when we say L4 we generally mean the interface, or any microkernel that implements it. The HURD was watching, and sometime early 2000s they realized that the hybrid architecture was dead and they needed to move on if they wanted to stay relevant. There was a serious attempt at porting HURD to L4. It was already working, but the people behind it became disillusioned with the HURD, after realizing flaws on the architecture. I recommend reading the papers the L4 port people wrote on this. Back then, there were some ten to twenty HURD developers active. After that, the HURD should have rethought its architecture and moved on with L4. Instead, they didn't continue the L4 effort nor fix the architecture. What they did was abandon it and start an entirely new port to a different microkernel, Coyotos, which didn't bear fruit, either. Throughout all this, the HURD was losing developers as they became disinterested. Fast forward to 2005, Andrew Tanenbaum and his students released the first version (a mere skeleton, without even virtual memory support) of Minix3, and continued working from there http://wiki.minix3.org/MinixReleases , going a long way and bringing us to its current state. Right now, Minix3 has 20-30 active developers any given day, a few of which are working on it full-time, supported by funds coming from European Union research programs, as the reliability aspect http://www.minix3.org/other/reliability.html to Minix3 has been deemed important. Meanwhile, the HURD has 0-3 active developers depending on the day, none of which working full time, and with no roadmap or organization whatsoever. Last I've heard, they introduced userspace driver support, which is a step in the right direction, but a bit silly as the real problem (they're still using Mach) is yet to be solved. Minix3 next version, 3.3.0, is weeks away. Here's some insider info: It breaks ABI to adopt NetBSD types, skyrocketing compatibility with pkgsrc software. The system will for the first time be built dynamic, as mmap() is finally working and the dynamic library support has been adapted to actually do shared libraries using it. As lack of proper dynamic library support was holding back X (which already ran, but with barely any software for it), I expect we'll have a lot of WMs, DEs and GUI programs from here on, and interest will pick up. If you ask me about the HURD, I'd say it's not worth continuing. Just take along whatever salvageable ideas and concepts and move on. Working on a system that isn't at a dead end is one suggestion. Escape https://github.com/Nils-TUD/Escape , HelenOS and Minix3 are three such systems. Genode is not exactly a system but it is interesting in its own way, and Plan9Front http://ninetimes.cat-v.org/ is very interesting even though it is not currently a pure microkernel system (it can be made so without breaking anything thanks to the awesome design). All these systems I suggested are Free Software , interesting, promising and actually active. For a gallery of L4 microkernels, just look at Genode. They support a bunch and also some non-L4 yet interesting ones: http://genode.org I don't expect much to come from rewarding failure. Throwing money away at OpenSSL isn't suddenly gonna make its developers good. I'll be running LibReSSL, and I expect most Linux distributions to do the same by default once the Linux port is released. These private message things are appropriate until (possibly years after breaking up) it's convenient for one party to say otherwise. This bullshit should be put to an end. Disclaimer: Sort-of-spanish here (Catalan). These newspapers sales on-paper are dropping alarmingly. They're looking at this as a way to monetize their online versions. What has already happened: A major spanish social link aggregator (a-la-digg) is boicotting these newspapers. What will happen: Google will remove them from the index. They'll lose exposure, and therefore make even less. Mosh is nice, but "A replacement for SSH" is quite stretching it, considering it does use ssh to setup its own connection and so it depends on SSH. It also doesn't provide most of SSH functionality, and it doesn't support IPv6 yet, whereas SSH does. I used to like the SSD guide. Not anymore. Old website was nice and readable, the new one is terrible, in a misguided attempt to be "modern". Even at its front page, I had no idea where to click to actually read the guide. No Child Left Behind: The after-"education" edition. Recommends openssl, ignores libressl exists at all. It might be worth buying if and only if it's not an iPhone. Rather than ghostery: https://www.eff.org/privacybadger Amiga... was so ahead of its time. Because turning them into messages (like Minix does) is too hard... /s I think this, while Raspberry Pi specific: https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/projects/raspberrypi/tutorials/os/ is a better intro to arm asm. I still prefer the Dragonfly fork, with its hybrid kernel architecture. HAMMER2 is looking good. I'd love a section of my i3 statusbar showing the current distance in light seconds, at all times. I'm surprised this isn't a thing yet. I still use my Amiga machines, but I want nothing to do with AmigaOS4. A new desktop proprietary OS simply makes no sense in the present world, even more so if it only runs in special hardware. AROS (free implementation of AmigaOS3) and Minimig (free implementation of the hardware for FPGA) is where it's at. Seems very standard IRC channel; I look at IRC once in a while and write a bunch of replies. This wouldn't change so much, although I'd need some sort of bouncer on earth in order not to ping timeout. Much appreciated. Didn't know about aa. As of a few years ago, it runs on classic Amiga hardware. But graphics performance is poor without a graphics card. I'm hoping this is the start of a trend. The true start will be once the lowrisc SoC is out, and open hardware devices using it start to flood the market. ReactOS shares a lot of code with Wine. Mostly DLLs. Code flows both ways. Even if you're never going to use ReactOS, it still helps make wine better. I wouldn't go anywhere near that. Not worth getting legally tainted. Amiga-like Black on grey is fantastic. But nobody uses it. it's time for: http://www.lowrisc.org/ For desktops, it simply needs to get into the fast enough territory. So that the next person doesn't have to search for it: http://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/en/DeviceDoc/20005292B.pd... I want to follow their news, but I can't seem to find an RSS feed. In its place, there's stupid facebook/etc social crap buttons. > addictiveness How so? The forced smooth scrolling thing makes reading the page really annoying, and I strongly feel like closing it and never opening it again. Seems like a good idea, but the implementation is poor. Please just write a tool that does the set of tests, displays results and optionally submits them. Then distributions could package it, and people could run it. The way it needs to be done right now implies too much effort and few people are going to bother. Not sure why this story is so popular. It's just an advertisement for a simple yet very expensive program which solves a well-understood problem that has been solved many times before. I'm glad they're doing this. It'll help plant an image: Proprietary microcode is evil. Yeah. And even a simple aminet search like this: http://aminet.net/search?query=serial+transfer Does show a load of free alternatives. FTP over SLIP. None. Working archive: https://archive.is/lc5vT Also: http://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ I kinda like how Dragonfly does implement dm-crypt such as on Linux (compatible) instead :). > The correct response is to stop writing to the filesystem. Stop writing AND READING, as what's read can be corrupted and yet written or used elsewhere. He apologized to SJWs. Now the SJWs can point at it and say "See, we were right!". Idiot. Never apologize to SJWs. I'd rather use eChronos or seL4. They're provable and free software. Intel call their thing an RTOS; it's bullshit. They lack proof of hard realtime. For servers, really? I don't get it, they could just use RISC-V. x86 has a user case: legacy software. When out of FAST RAM, use CHIP RAM :) Nice, but why force a conversion to a lossy audio format? https://github.com/swanson/stringer How low latency are we talking about? At 60Hz, a frame is 16ms, which is already tight. Even better UX is to show what you've requested, which is 16. > Takes a few days though Typically 24h in the SEPA. > There is, unfortunately, no easy way out. Disagree. BSD. Dejavu? No, there was Freecraft, now Stratagus: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stratagus You can add vdev to pool anytime. Removing them is not as easy, so some planning is necessary.