The police have found a women body "without arms, head and legs" they said this evening. They have not denied confirmed that it is Kim though. Is it resonable that the limbs comes off from propellers at random in the sea? Does that happen? http://ekstrabladet.dk/112/article6787128.ece Murder, dismemberment and maybe more. Well, submarine murders are kinda tech related ... Zoox got some Uber engineers too since earlier. I wonder if the company will produce a working product or if they will aim on getting bought, like Otto etc. As I'm not fed up enough about these recruiting ceremonies you have to endure just because you are a programmer. I wonder if bridge engineer has to build small bridges out of lego when they apply for work ... Skype is so bad anyway. Does anyone but enterprises use them anymore, compared to the haydays? Well, "hybrid" in this case is a bigger engine starter and battery, that also can propell the vehicle for a while, I assume. This could be done with old manual cars without fancy security checks so, we have been there, done that. Apple's getting a revenue share of any sold item in the store ... so. I guess the rational thing for them would be to prevent scams to make ppl less reluctant to shop there, but since there is no obvious short time benefit they hardly care. Compare this to all these "child bought 1000$ worth of Candy Crush items on father's card" etc. Self driving car maybe? Kinda unnecessary abbreviation. Nope, but less typing of #include:s? Easier to send by mail? He seems to use defines to keeps function and variable definitions to one in the program it's included in. I think you are using the wrong angular resolution, though. http://velodynelidar.com/docs/datasheet/63-9194_Rev-G_HDL-64... Thats the one LIDAR Uber seems to have matching pictures. 5Hz - 20Hz full round sampling rate, lets assume 15 Hz. The resolution in the horizontal plane is dependent on rotational speed, so at 15 Hz it should be 0,26 degrees. (0,35/20*15 = 0.26) For the woman height the angular resolution is 0.4 degrees no matter the rotation speed. Id est, she would have been atleast one pixel wide from 400 feet and about 2 pixels high and growing in size if we assume 2' wide. (Not counting bike). I really see no exuse for Uber messing this up that bad. The LIDAR can't have missed a potential "obstacle" when it got closer, even if the car wouldn't classify it as a human. Yes, I agree with you that we can't assume that the car could have noticed the woman from 120 meters from LIDAR data alone. Maybe with some kind of sensor fusion with IR-cameras. But, as it got closer and what the computer though was noise was on about the same place a sane obstacle finder should have given a posetive match. Maybe at 30 - 40 m worst case? At 142 feet the woman probably had (assuming she was 5.5'): asind(5.5/142) = 2.21* => 2.21/0.4 = 5.5 So between 5 and 6 "scanlines" going from left to right over her. Assuming she was 2' wide that's 0.8 degrees which would be 2 to 3 pixels in breadth according to your spread sheet. That's between 10 and 18 pixels (voxels?) that stand out clearly from the flat road around it, exluding the bike. If you wan't to get an idea of how LIDAR data looks Velodyne has free samples and a viewer for less resolution models. http://velodynelidar.com/downloads.html It pretty hard to identify obstacles far off, but you will still see there is something there. It's especially easy to identify obstacles that are vertical. As she got closer, she would eventually show up clearly on the LIDAR data. But since the car never slowed down or went left, it didn't notice her at all even at point blanc (or did see her but failed to do anything about it). Her death was in vain. These kind of fundamental scenarios can be practised with dolls or stunt men on closed test tracks not on public roads ... If Uber needs data they could have driven manually. Obvously their obstacle tracking is bad. Thats kinda Volvo Cars approuch, word by word, as one of their RnD engineers explained it to me. Oh ... is it real? Beta? Googleinh seems to confirm so. Other car manufacturer use trained personel for testing. I mean this is silly and should be illegal. "The world’s first electrified road that recharges the batteries of cars and trucks driving on it". Well, that's a buss. Jokes aside, the concept is quite old. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trolleybus#History Not easy to disengage though. Do you get a IDE with compiler for the palindrom question? Id say that close to 0 out off 10 engineers at work including me would get a working program without debugger or print statements. Just tried in c and got me 2 compiles to get it right. Without the output I would just present a nonworking program. Well, opaque algorithmic censorship might be the worst one. The algorithm will probably "nerf" small papers with insufficient data and boost big ones. Papers that are controversial in some political camp will get flags and instead people will get food articles and CNN/ABC/Fox etc. I liked Facebook's old "show stuff in order" (pre 2011?) way more. Nice pics for exam studies. But in industry Worse Is Better and Kalman Filters is ofent just the optimal way to remove noise you yourself added in your simulation. I've never seen any implementation use of Kalman filters where the covariance matrix is actually sound ... and I usually go with just lowpassfilters or moving averages. Ye well maybe it's a domain thing. I do driveline programming for cars. As soVeryTired wrote "In general I find Kalman filters a little suspect where the underlying dynamics of the system can change over time, and when the physical process that gives rise to the dynamics isn't known." This maybe applies in a less degree to radars etc? In general we use only one sensor source at a time for eg. rpm rather then fusing them. If one is obvously off just select another. Maybe it's rather about how exact you need the estimate to be. Whats wrong with "double_t"? Excessive template magic is just confusing. If you compile for a embedded platform there is a platform specific header anyway where you would put #define BIGGEST_FLOAT_TYPE double" or something. Plenty of platforms doesn't behave IEEE:ish when you go NaN and Inf, which this template collection doesn't check anyways. You would have to catch FPU interrupts and do the overflow/underflow/whatever yourself. So using this project would just lead to false positives. It's maybe the type with most precision according to whoever wrote the header at the chip manufacturer , so you can use it to do a calculation with hardware types with the least amount of error on the platform, maybe. My point is, if IEEE 754 is a problem, you probably need to check things yourself anyway and can't trust whoever wrote numerical_limits at the chip manufacturer and that it applies to your platform without e.g. adding interrupt handlers etc. So you can't trust this template anyways. Ye, but whoever wrote is_iec559 might have added written in the manual that you need to provide the interrupt handlers yourself or link in the manufacturers math lib? Well this was done in the 60s allready. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FmXLqImT1wE&t=545s It was most likely cracy expensive just as these news machines are compared to a ordinary restaurant grade kitchen and you still need people going around unstucking things that get stuck. Bringing industrial processes into street food seems ... unpractical. Well, Tesla rolled out brake updates over a couple of days after a consumer paper found strange brake behavoiur. https://www.consumerreports.org/car-safety/tesla-model-3-get... There is no chance they could have tested that thoroughly. And the brakes are maybe the cars most important function besides power steering in a programming safety perspective. 1 in 10 interviews is a hire? How can his methods be described as sucsessfull. Speaking of my own experience I'd say it takes 6 months to find out if a programmer is good or really good (bad is easy to spot) and being able to tell that in 4h is just self-deception. I wonder how hireing managers compares to coin tosses after some 15min telephone offsite initial screening and just filtering of resumés. It's written somewhere 50 engineers from 500 interviews. Plus the one sorted out from initial screening. Being skillfull on soft skills usually is a euphemism for handeling toxic and antisocial coworkers. I have personally never thought that the would-take-beer-with rating is even remotely as important as technical skills. And being a corny coworker or a toxic one don't really correlate. Atleast one good thing with this Russia hysteria is that concerns are raised about privacy regarding data mining corporations ... I assume it's theoretically possible to ghost render and and execute tracking scripts in a sandbox? Just need some browser support ... They got self-driving Mad Max-ish tubewelded over-actuated crabsteering robotcars? Who cares about business speak, I'm sold. The remote driving driver could in theory ghost the journalist car for low latency. Just saying. Coincidently Ericson and KTH (which Zoox has cooperated with) has done remote driving over cellphone links over multiple miles. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cvSM7pbqZEM I'm not saying it's what happend. I mean Darpa challange was not fake so Stanford has delivered in the area. But it's possible to solve the lag issue. Falstad saved me during my university year. If just all field's had this type of material ... ""We're no longer in the days of a master cylinder responding to pressure from a driver's foot by simply sending hydraulic fluid to drum brakes."" At some point of actuation the Tesla car should have a mechanical backup when depressing the brake pedal, right? I really don't think it's pure brake by wire. Hmm, I kinda like this. I wonder if I would say the same after a "field test"? Serverless in this context is Server-aaS. It's doublespeak. That's why I "knee-jerk". Instead of a couple of servers you have thousands of small virtual servers running on real server and call that serverless. It's comical. I wonder what hell this approach will be for legacy serverless systems where there is stuff running everywhere and no one got a clue where to pull the plug or patch stuff. Better something than nothing? A bonus is to combat competition like Snapchat to Instagram by having a solid alternative. "A pile of money for computer time" is a valid ingredience for a reproducable paper. Having opaque methodology is not on the other end. I got this feeling that the main selling point of wasm will be "certified" software with some middle man and control. An analogy would be Google's push for https, for our own best ofc. What? Just let the programmer to it in his homeland. Easy. Just as outsourcing. I wish this project approuch was more common. It would probably be cheaper than wasting time on multiple days interviewing reality shows where people are voted out one by one like some companies do it. I feel the bots greatest strength are their "aimbot" abilities. They have such great precision from their "targetEnemy(obj)". They know perfectly when in range or not. They are never looking on the other side of the map. Without this they would get stomped. Really nice tool actually. Need to fix some things on my site though ... I agree, but it's probably no a thing the recruiter can do without going through the boss of the boss and hassle with accounting department. Until a big body of of candidates require it, nothing will happen, and if too many require it, the employer will probably just quit giving home work. This concept of whiteboard interviews and assignments is quite alien to me. I've got three different software jobs since graduation and not one did any sorts of test they just trusted that I would not apply if I couldn't code. Never heard of any colleagues or former class mates that done any either. My guess is that Volvo ditched them after they messed up Volvo's emergency-brake for some homebrew VC version. Illegal in what country? This is essentially taping TV or radio, which is legal, right? I wonder how the people working at Inn'n'Out burger in SF actually make a profit from working there. Maybe it is like Uber drivers. They quit after noticing that they are losing money but the supply of new workers is so high it works out for the company anyway. I mean geocery stores and fast food joints etc are not that much more expansive than the rest of the country. A burger at McDonalds should really cost twice the national average or something to cover the living costs for the workers. But it doesn't ... and I suppose churn ratio is the answer? "Optimizing" UI for session length and clicks is the same thing as finding the local maxima of bad, right? How do you prefer to use e.g. malloc? AMP is kinda a voluntary man in the middle attack that Google controls. HTTP sets up for possible ISP-rivals so Google is "forcing" HTTPS onto people. Google wan't monopoly on the mass-surveilance. Obvously you always have the choice to not care about your page rank and the main source of traffic. I also agree with that https is a good thing but Google is probably pushing it for the wrong reasons and forcing it with Chrome "unsafe site" thing. I like to keep protocols simple but I understand the need for https. And it's nice to know my employer/ISP doesn't know exactly what subpage i am browsing of a site that could just aswell be http as it has no logins or w/e. It wrecks sane easy caching though. Instead we have this "free" as in free beer Cloudflare alternatives or paid CDNs. Trading dolars for surveilence of our page viewers. I kinda prefer easier surveilence over monopoly surveilence if I have too choose between those two. If you are doing subversive anti-government stuff you could still use a VPN that's hopefully not a honey pot ... The wage statistics in e.g. Sweden is after a 31.43% "federal" (royal?) pay-roll tax is deducted. BLS, US median for programmers: 82 240 USD/y https://www.bls.gov/ooh/computer-and-information-technology/... Engineering Union, Sweden, median for union programmers: 61 416 USD/y, as reported. 80 719 USD/y, including payroll tax. I believe other European countries could report data in a similar manner. The employer cost is similar. If we assume Danish wages are similar to Swedish, the $60k bracket should be the most common, actually. I don't really trust these fantastic Silicon Valley wage statistics. There seems to be bad coverage over a wide range of companies, and it mostly seems to be self-reported in a non-organized way. BLS collects a wider range of statistics than PayScale or what not the HR departments are spamming with good reviews and salaries. https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/silicon-valley-salaries... To even base an article on those numbers is borderline fraud. For "San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco, CA Metropolitan Division" BLS reports $106k mean wage for programmers. https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes151131.htm Swedish Engineering union reports mean wage: 69 543 USD/y in Stockholm 91 400 USD/y including payroll tax. So the difference is 1.1k USD more a month for the median Bay-area programmer compared to Stockholm in employer cost. It's not really raining VC money over the SF area programmers compared to e.g. Stockholm, where there is more or less none VC money. Oh, well my calculations are off by 25% then and my point kinda invalid. Never heard about a distincion between a developer and programmer. Seems to be a distinct BLS category.