Design wise, a $100 FPGA board with a bunch of peripherals won't actually be able to run many of them at once. I have however designed a ~ $150 or so board (for prototyping) that has 10 bidirectional serial ports, a fast USB 2.0 port, and 20-30 general IO on 2mm headers, and runs on either a high or low precision 27MHz clock. The rev 2 one also has an ethernet port, a TiWi module, and a RAM chip, and a better/cheaper clock, but those features add on a bunch of cost. Connecting the RAM makes for a much more expensive pcb. you do actual measurements to see what factor the ambient temperature has on the measured temperature of a phone battery? How about having the phone touch a 37 degrees centigrade heat bath on one side (in other words: a human body) and ambient air on the other? Before this paper, could you have made any reliable prediction on how big an influence ambient temperatures were on the sensors in the battery? There are mechanical engineering textbooks on the subject, such as http://books.google.ca/books?id=vvyIoXEywMoC&hl=en . Reliable heat transfer analysis has existed long before this paper was released. knowing what the change in battery level is would allow for a pretty good estimate. They've taken a very different approach to the problem though, and are filtering heavily such that they can ignore most transient phenomena as it gets filtered away. If they're unpaid, does that still count? If you don't plan on using your laptop for anything outside of entertainment, being able to rewrite the software on the micro that controls the battery charging circuit is not particularly relevant or useful. note, these don't show up on mobile I'd like to see this combined with a regular paragraph for reading. Say it sits on the right, and you have text on the left. While skimming, if I spot something i want to read more in depth, I click on it, and the spritz starts. Then I start speed reading through on the spritz, and if I get stuck on something, I click again and the spritz pauses and highlights the current word or sentence. That way, I can quickly figure out where to read next. Then when I'm done, I click again and it continues to the end of the paragraph. That said, reading the faq was rather tiring as it is. I was trying really hard to avoid reading, which my eyes were unhappy about. find some other chip you like, and write an interface for it. Being human doesn't mean you have to be an asshole though. ysihan is really on the side of politicized, sanitized, pretentious, weasel-wording sock puppet; minus the sanitized part. Consider his posts about the celeb nude photos leaks http://www.redditblog.com/2014/09/every-man-is-responsible-f... and http://www.reddit.com/r/yishan/comments/2frlxb/and_now_to_ma... compared to somebody who's actually speaking like a human being http://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/2fpdax/time_t... a larger population than that of the Netherlands, mind you. from wikipedia, new jersey: ~9 million Netherlands: ~7 million the crux of the issue is that you, the licensed operator of the automobile, have been trusted to identify possible hazards and adjust your speed accordingly. if you're driving to fast to stop for a pedestrian from a crowded sidewalk, you shouldnt have a license. poor statistics, I would guess. when you're shooting that fast, there are few photons per frame. if you have enough pins, a custom asic can do just about whatever you want. the data flowing into the HPU is likely huge, but it is processed down into something the CPU can deal with. no, reddit's ban types just aren't well publicised The score is a bit silly; to get a better one, just add more points. A smattering of poits scribbled close together nets me 220000, while a single big ring earns only 700. Nah, Harper's worried about environmentalists, and other possible threats to the dangerous pipelines his friends from the oil business want to put it. C-51 allows them to brand people as terrorists, and C-24 lets them ship'em out to one of the USA's torture facilities. With windows, Ive done very well with goodsync. It tries very hard to keep things synchronised nicely, including when the connection between clients is patchy. Isn't that what https://news.ycombinator.com/show is? If you rotate the triangular grid, you get an isometric grid, which is nice for sketching 3d models What does realscout do though? it would likely burn up on entry here's the werewolf version: http://www.games-wiki.org/wiki/Werewolves_of_Millers_Hollow/ having cards available as reminders of who's alive is very helpful The US has been in a political meltdown for what, 6 years? I lock the door when I leave the house, requiring me to have my keys by the time the door is locked. you could start a consulting company macbooks are giant passive heat sinks though; a wooden laptop doesn't conduct all that well > what is _____ anyway? I feel like that's a relevant question I have for most HN posts What does that mean for IBM and Express? My TI 89 runs BASIC. ...but it also gives me access to great symbolic manipulation tools, which more than makes up for it. I write with lingo now and then, when I want to quickly try out some game mechanic idea > Finally I went to see my doctor and explained how I felt. I told him my brain felt like a steam locomotive and that it took an immense effort to get it moving. He was extremely helpful and made me try Methylphenidate to start. It was like having the fog cleared from my brain That describes especially well! A good hangover tends to help me for a day or two, but generally its a steam engine in fog that's hard to get moving. i'd say the old code decomposes when people forget how to code well with the older features. not sure if that will happen, but it might cant you avoid that by using a video element, and placing it over the canvas with CSS? I'm on my phone data, and if puts me on the east coast instead of the west with investment, those skills could be trained that gets boring quick streak of 6 with a mean error of 0.03 My acer s7 does pretty well; I've repaired it from severe rain damage, and it's generally easy to disassemble and replace the parts to. it's got a reasonably nice screen, nice build quality, and reasonably good performance, though you cant change out the wifi chip, nor the ram The webasite also said about enough to do well, and the windows install it came with just had some acer junk on it. a friend of mine is working on a company like that. http://sharesy.co bees turn nectar into honey if you need to lift that much weight, you'll be using a crane, in which case your strength is a moot point. Assuming strength does matter for loading/unloading, the real culprit is how truckers are paid, not the strength of the driver. boost is also a noun though I second that. I learnt it/redux/react-router on Saturday. an engineer is more like a plumber than an inventor though. you don't need to design a new type of screw to make a one off aquaduct, you don't need to design new bearings to make a gear box, you don't need to design a new opamp to make an amplifier, nor do you need to design a new MVC framework to make a one off CRUD app. You use off the shelf parts and combine them with your knowledge and skills to produce and effective solution for your constraints. If you can't do it with existing stuff, then you design something new that can do it. > Convenient proxy factory bean superclass for proxy factory beans that create only singletons. that actually makes sense to somebody? I grabbed a boilerplate[1] and read through it to produce a basic CRUD app for tracking mini libraries. mostly follow where the data flows through, and look up details on anything that looks like it could be doing a lot of stuff. the gyst is, you have your state [Redux store] which is updated through reducer functions. Each reducer tracks the state for its part of the system, and is called with an action name+data when the state should change. actions are called through a function, dispatch. it is typical to run a function as it's input, dispatch(makeAction()) where makeAction does things like make a REST request. the state object is passed into React components as state and properties, which you can use for rendering HTML. to receive them, you register what you want from the reducers, and it is automagically passed in, and you can pass properties down to child components as HTML looking markup. when something happens, like a user types into a text box, you call dispatch with the new text to be added to the state, which then gets reduced and passed into the next render call of the component, to update what's shown in the text box. specific to that codebase, containers are top level components. routing is done as a React component, where you render a tree of possible routes, pulling out variables as you go, to feed into the component/container leaves, and the matching route is rendered. [1] https://github.com/choonkending/react-webpack-node [2] https://github.com/jhedin/little-libraries you could also have 1 library that depends on 50 different libraries, where you trust somebody to lock and update them responsibly you could also have 1 library that depends on 50 different libraries, where you trust somebody to lock and update them responsibly "I'm pro calzone" sounds like a parks and rec reference if you have to wire thousands of LEDs, it will take significantly longer to setup the problem, and I think that should factor into the time complexity it would be easier if the manufacturer has it drive you to the police station instead