It's also an interactive proof, nobody can store this proof with the balls for other colour blind people to review later. You should be able to use LLVMs libc++ with GCC, just like you can currently use GNU libstdc++ with Clang. I work this out to be about 180 Mhash/J, which is 80-100x more energy efficient than any GPU mining. Also, for anyone wondering: At current difficulty and rate of exchange this will cost you Building any alternative data structure from an unsorted array will require O(n) time. If you only need to find something once, then a O(n) linear scan time is optimal. Would re-introducing a half-penny coin increase the money supply? No. Basically, as long as you maintain proportionality, you can re-denominate currency (or shares for that matter) at will. But what about a fair distribution of toppings? You're describing SRP. The problem, as always, is getting web browsers and web apps to support it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protoco... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TLS-SRP What!? No demoscene music in my ? I don't see that being a problem, provided everything he wrote is simply a matter of fact. Perhaps I'm an optimist. I find it interesting that Opera are trying to claw back revenue on old innovations while seemingly stagnating. The rendering engine they're dumping in favour of WebKit is fast and slick. The number of new user visible features and the rate of releases has seemed sluggish to me for what must be 4 or 5 years. Doesn't sharing a virtual memory context with the GPU increase the cost of context switching? Also, which CPU core shares context with the GPU? Or are we talking about a fixed mapping (like the kernel)? Aberdeen is an independent city council http://www.aberdeencity.gov.uk http://www.aberdeenshire.gov.uk/ Those of us in the UK who voted for AV+ because we saw it as a step toward proportional representation thought that too. Then the notion that it was a half-baked solution was used as a weapon by the "No" campaign, and now voting reform is off the table entirely for the foreseeable future. Your numbers assume TCP will always be the dominant connection-oriented protocol. Explicit numeric types. Integers in particular. NaCL still outperforms asm.js You're basically describing Piqi: http://piqi.org/ Some language features do preclude some optimizations. For example, once you have dynamic typing you'll typically need a butt load of engineering effort to generate the fastest possible numerical computation. Now that people seem to want to do everything from crypto to image processing in Javascript, projects like JägerMonkey, v8 (method JITs) and asm.js have cropped up that show this is still an unsolved problem in many respects. One could easily make the case that Javascript is, in fact, becoming less and less suitable for the web. Is the eSRAM really that expensive in $ terms? Yield issues? I understood that SRAM was only really 'expensive' in that it chews up masses of die space (which isn't a bad bet going forward because there'll inevitably be a new version at some point with a smaller process) Maybe they want to own it so they can get exclusive control over the ads. The platform really allows many of the kinds of ad revenues Youtube can generate, so could be a sweet deal for both content owners and Yahoo. Namecheap did $1 transfers for Black Friday, which is as good as a renewal if you're already with someone else. Exploiting these offers can save you big if you're like me and have dozens of domains. That said, I wouldn't transfer my most important domains away from NearlyFreeSpeech.net to save a lowsy $6-7. One of my favourite modern regex libraries for C++ is Boost.Xpressive, which allows for parsing context-free grammars using recursively nested rules. After fighting with Boost.Spirit (a more formal parser framework) for some time, I achieved what I wanted with Xpressive in a fraction of the time. From the manual: The theoretical computer scientists out there will correctly point out that a self-referential regular expression is not "regular", so in the strict sense, xpressive isn't really a regular expression engine at all. But as Larry Wall once said, "the term [regular expression] has grown with the capabilities of our pattern matching engines, so I'm not going to try to fight linguistic necessity here." The GNU C++ standard library still includes them as a non-standard extension. http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/latest-doxygen/a0006... You seem to know your shit. What resources do you follow to stay current with UK politics? Good distributed voting at scale is still an unsolved problem. Well, it is if you care about both the integrity of the vote and voter privacy. Pay someone enough and they'll come to you. Anyone who believes that a potential new partner with no reason to be loyal to you , and not held back by a confidentiality agreement, won't use your offer in negotiations with competitors is a fool. There were 150+ attendees, this was never going to be confidential. That said, CDBaby were foolish to think divulging these details wouldn't effect their potential business arrangement. They already do. Google have been publishing statistics and reports about this stuff for a while: https://www.google.com/transparencyreport/ None of this is relevant though. These are legal requests. The issue that people should remain focused on is whether or not the NSA has illegal , ongoing, unfettered access to wholesale data under PRISM or other programmes. Everybody here seems to be distracted. The law abiding requests disclosed here could still be served alongside a covert operation. This has no impact on the PRISM scandal. I was mostly referring to your initial post about Allegra Stratton and the various summaries of the MPs involved in this letter. I vaguely follow UK politics but being able to put news in to perspective, and recognise biases like this, is quite useful. It doesn't necessarily require a central bank, which everyone must be compelled to use, it just requires a banking system. If someone wishes to pay you, and happens to use a different bank to yourself, then your bank (whom you, admittedly, have to trust) can work on your behalf, directly with the sourcing bank, to claim the funds. There's quite good reason to trust in this system because our bank knows that the sourcing bank can identify double-spenders. The plus side of such a system is honest bank customers still get complete anonymity, even if the banks conspire against you. The downside is you can never know if your bank is conspiring against their customers as a whole i.e. by not operating in line with their inflation/reserve policy... which of course is one of Bitcoins best features. Please consider accepting payments in Bitcoin! Also, does "Wi-fi security" conflict with HTTPS Everywhere? The features seem to be analogous. All their costs are still in Sterling. It takes a long time to complete the circle and break dependence on a particular currency. Requires registration to download the paper... Mirror: http://tehlug.org/files/solove.pdf Yeah, good spot. An Incognito or Private window will also work. Assuming the RNG isn't duff, which PHP has stumbled on a few times in the past, with session keys and such. This is mindbogglingly bad. How did they manage to introduce a dependence on unauthenticated client-side state for such a critical operation in a relatively new feature? If they weren't willing to hit the database to recall the profile_id for the reset operation, it makes me wonder whether the confirmation codes are in fact deterministic, rather than randomly generated. > CppDB on the other hand is MIT or Boost. It is the best DB library I found so far for C++. Have you evaluated Code Synthesis's ODB? By Jove, you're right! Perhaps what we need is some kind of universal protocol for transferring files. We could call it the 'File Transfer Protocol' or something. > What happened to FTP anyway? It's too hard to set-up for casual file sharing (backup, docs, photos etc.), and it's less efficient and scalable than BitTorrent for wide file distribution (piracy). Perhaps with HTTP 2.0 and IPv6 looming though, we will see some progress on an FTP 2.0 that resolves the issues you mentioned. It's a good point I suppose. I've never had a need or urge to use a service like Dropbox to keep files in sync though. I prefer just to carry my working copies around, or use Google Docs. Maybe I'm missing out on seamless splendour, I don't know. I can't help thinking some of the pain could be resolved if we had a reliable datagram protocol between UDP and TCP. Delimiting a TCP stream to create a messaging protocol is already suboptimal and error prone, and it's the root cause of the head-of-line blocking problem experienced by HTTP ('fixed' in SPDY). Yes, because MS haven't implemented it. That's great, but it means it'll always be a userland library rather than a OS supported networking protocol... which means the API will never be a defacto standard akin to the BSD sockets API. The reference implementation is also in obtuse looking C++... which will hinder bindings to other languages. In short, don't expect to see this outside of Android or Chrome. On the plus side, this is exactly what UDP was for in the first place. So we can move from IPv4 to IPv6 but not introduce a new transport because of NAT? Hmm... SCTP is more modern and still under active development. RUDP only has a draft RFC and hasn't been updated since 1999. My ISPs modem has a built in NAT that can't be disabled, but it still passes all IPv4 packets through in DMZ mode, so there's hope. It didn't even work for me. Scrolling, clicking... nothing causes anything to change. The scrollbar in Chrome is missing.