"Advertising" includes training doctors, not just "ask your doctor about erectinol" commercials. Hiring doctors to travel the country, give lectures explaining how it works, renting conference centers, providing lunch, etc adds up. Learning how to use a new drug is not easy like learning software; trial and error doesn't work. A drug is worthless if your doctor doesn't know what it does. If the original poster is a computer person, I'd recommend some changes to this list. This is "Math for physics" but "Math for Computer Science" is rather different, and might be more interesting. I'd recomment calculus up to integration. Don't worry about integration tricks, except for integration by parts (the most important formula in mathematics) and u-substitution. All the other integration tricks are pointless crap used to fill up time in calc classes. Vector math is useful if you like either computer graphics or physics, but is not crucial. On the other hand, everyone should know probability, even the purest mathematicians. Just don't try to learn it out of an "Introduction to Probability and Statistics for Engineers" book, all such books should be burned. Real/functional analysis would also be useful to better understand probability. I'd also suggest combinatorics/graph theory, and perhaps the theory of automata. That's edging towards computer science, but it is a fundamentally mathematical topic. Also, it will be very slow going. It's not like picking up another computer language/framework; it's even harder than Haskell. I've have a Ph.D. in mathphys/num analysis, but it still takes me a long time to push through an introductory textbook in a field too far removed from my own. For instance, I sat through 4 semesters of abstract algebra (3 at the grad level), and I still don't understand it. Don't get discouraged. It's already been built ( http://laptop.org/ ), except for cell network access. They also have minimal color and a small amount of graphics. You can even power it with a hand crank. As soon as they build one with a bigger keyboard, that's my new machine. At my university, we use blackboard. But if we want to submit grades, we can't use blackboard. We have to fill in bubbles on paper by hand. Sounds great, in principle. Here is what would happen if it actually occurred: Various big projects of dubious value (particle accelerators, LIGO) will go begging for money. Any candidate who doesn't want to support them will be portrayed as anti-science. The majority of the effort will be placed here (scientists care more about grants than politics). Standard science issues where the science doesn't fit the party line will be highlighted: evolution, climate change and sex ed. For the most part, science will be used as a club to beat republicans with. They certainly deserve it (1), but not only them. Non-standard science issues that cut against democrats will be mostly ignored (race/sex differences in intelligence, lawyers suing doctors without scientific evidence, the possible link between abortion/miscarriage and breast cancer) . No one will ask the candidates what they think about Larry Summers or James Watson. It sounds like a great idea. But I know my colleagues well enough to know that if it happens, it will simply turn into a "give us money, we hate republicans" event. (1) At various points, I noticed birth control (non-condom) includes the warning "Does not prevent aids or other STDs." Until I heard McCain speak on the topic, I didn't think anyone was actually dumb enough to think it did. If you are a hacker (you are posting to hacker news), I suggest you avoid it. I don't know anything about Teach For America specifically, but several people in my graduate program did work for a variant of it (local and math focused). None of them were happy with the program, though several stuck with it for financial reasons. One of them was put in charge of statistical analysis, since he was the only person in the room who knew what a standard deviation was (I'm not exaggerating). His conclusions: 1. Except for the grossly incompetent, teacher quality doesn't matter. He could not reject the null hypothesis (teacher quality doesn't affect student outcome). 2. Students do not benefit from being in the program, unless it removes them from a dangerous school. He couldn't reject the null hypothesis here either (accepted students perform the same as rejected ones). (This fact is usually well hidden: students accepted by special teaching programs as well as students who apply but are rejected usually perform better than students who do not apply.) According to him, other programs usually get similar results (well hidden in the appendix of a report), at least when the results are reported. Overall, he said it is a waste for a talented individual to go into teaching. You won't make a difference. As a software person, you will. Leave teaching to people who can't do anything else. They have a comparative advantage (even if they lack an absolute advantage). This election is fundamentally different from others. Clinton, by virtue of having breasts, makes women feel good about themselves. That's an X-factor which was not present in any past election. And she plays this up, by crying and planting fake sexists at her campaign events ( http://michellemalkin.com/2008/01/07/bs-alert-hillarys-iron-... ). As for Obama, you are right. His supporters are projecting. But they project onto him (rather than Hillary) because he is incredibly charismatic. People want charismatic leaders, but I don't think we need them. In fact, I think they are extremely dangerous. Think for a moment about JFK's catch phrase: "Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country." Compare it to catch phrases of other charismatic leaders: "All within the State, Nothing outside the State, Nothing against the State" "The common good comes before the private good." (Sorry for invoking Godwin, but it's important to point out how his charisma obscured what JFK actually said.) I think it's far better to have a leader that everyone hates. Just think of the outcry if Bush suggested the people should serve the state. A charismatic leader can give the uninformed a reason to hate him, but it won't change their feelings. An example: a gay friend of mine dislikes Bush because he proposed a law against gay marriage (at least that is his stated reason). He has very strong positive feelings for (Bill) Clinton, in spite of the fact that Clinton actually passed a law against gay marriage (Defense of Marriage Act). His feelings persisted even after I pointed this out to him. Maybe I just have stupid friends (I don't think this is the case), but my general impression is that most people don't base their opinion of a politician on policy. Rather, they take their opinion on the policy from the party or politician they like. I thought T-rex invented generative catch phrases/advice. http://www.qwantz.com/archive/001159.html Well, keep in mind what I'm describing is one special program in math. Also, everything I know I heard over beers, while complaining about our advisors. Regarding teacher quality, he found the best fit was a failure model. Most teachers perform adequately, and these teachers are statistically indistinguishable. Some teachers fail, with varying degrees of failure. Basically, think hard drives. Most work, and these are all the same. Some fail, with varying degrees of data loss. If the sample in the study you mention comes from the partially failing region, they could easily find an increasing relation. Or possibly this program was special, that I don't know. However, I do stand by my statement to leave teaching to those who aren't great at other things. That's just basic comparative advantage. You are comparing your students with you as a teacher to your students with no teacher. The proper comparison is "you program, joe blub teaches" vs "you teach, joe blub programs." If joe blub teaches almost as well as you, but you program much better than him, then it's far better if you leave the teaching to him. Of course, if you enjoy teaching, you certainly are not obligated to do the most economically efficient job. I'm certainly not (postdoc in math here). >I learnt some really important life lessons in college, most of them outside of class. What makes you think you would not have learned the same things (or equally valuable things) if you did not go to college, but did stop living with your parents? That may be a "silly name" effect, not a racial effect. I read a while back a similar study done (sorry, can't find a link), but comparing different white names. Jennifer and Meghan got far more callbacks than Rainbow, Peace and other hippy names. More anecdotally, my friend Dikshit Gupta got far fewer callbacks than Dave Gupta, even with identical resumes (both are obviously Indian). I'd be curious to see a similar study done comparing generic names to generic "dead president" names (George Smith vs George Washington Smith), rather than made-up african sounding names. If they are equal in all other ways (i.e., equally skilled, equally likeable), I'll choose the one without college. My competitors are less likely to try and poach him, but he is just as valuable. One can use it to solve homework problems. A problem I gave my class last week: you are holding 4 cards, 9, 10,k,Q. You draw the 5'th card from the deck, and if you don't like it, you can discard it and draw another. Obviously, you want a Jack, to get an inside straight. The probability monad lets you describe your choices "imperatively" using monads and do notation. I.e., if I draw a Jack, keep it (I have a straight), otherwise draw again. Note: I'm assuming below that cards with index 1,2,3,4 are jacks, import Probability import Collection import Prelude import Monad insideStraight deck tries= do (card, rem) The notation x Naively, you can think of x (card, rem) is simply unpacking a 2-tuple, containing the card and the remaining deck (after picking 1 element). The "let straight = ... in \newline (some statement)" means exactly what it sounds like. "let x = 3 in x x" means "take the statement x x, replace x by 3, you get 3*3=9". Most people form their political opinions based on their self image, not on rational thought. I.e. "I'm an artistic creative person" -> "I'm a Democrat" -> "I support abortion." Or "I'm a good Christian" -> "I'm a Republican" -> "I support lower taxes." How does this relate to vouchers? 1. The beneficiaries of the current monopoly oppose vouchers due to simple greed. 2. Their political allies try to protect them, to keep votes/campaign contributions coming. 3. "People like me (e.g. political allies of the teachers union) oppose vouchers. Therefore, I oppose vouchers. Only bad people on the other side of the fence support them." I just thought of a way to make sure the kids never get stumped. The kid in the article was stuck breaking up 674 into easier numbers. Perhaps there is a method of "breaking the problem into easier-to-digest numbers" that always works . Hmm, we could break up 674 as 600+70+4, and 249 as 200+40+9. I think this method just might work for all numbers ! Now I just need a catchy name to market this. How about "Child-friendly Mathematics: a -4'th century approach"? It's even diversity friendly (crucial in the education market), since it was invented by a non-western culture. Sorry about that. Didn't notice the pic when I posted. Glad you pointed it out though, it's a beautiful picture. Well, I'm not 100% sure you are asking for my experience, but here goes anyway (I'm a mathematician/physicist, by training and profession, and I don't write web GUI's except for fun). However, I'd say that I regularly use stuff from about 4-5 of my college/grad school classes. Virtually everything else I learned "on the job" (i.e., in grad school, doing research). Oddly enough, I recently found myself using some tricks I picked up from a machine learning class for something completely different (the philosophical kind of quantum mechanics). Happiness research is nonsense when used in this way. People from different cultures often have different conceptions of happiness. There are also calibration effects: show person X someone else better off than him, and tell him that guy reported 8/10 (happiness units). Then he will never report higher than 7/10. This isn't jealosy, it's just not knowing what the units mean. Another reason to see why there is something off: compare Bhutan on your first link (#133) and on your second (#8, higher than Canada). Actually, the teaching is depressing even at stellar universities. I'm a postdoc at such a place. Last semester, I taught "Calculus for kids who don't care." This semester, I'm teaching "Poker and craps for kids who don't care." I suspect the only way to avoid this is to work at an engineering school (not necessarily a top one). Yes. In my year, we had 12 people entering at Rutgers. 2 graduated in 5 years, and got good postdocs after 1 year (one went to UIUC, I'm at Courant). We are the only ones who have a real shot at research oriented tenure track. 1 dropped out in the first year, 2 more have or are dropping out with a masters (1 after 4.5 years, 1 after 6). 3 more will graduate after 6 years, IF they can find a job (50% odds). One guy has a wife, and hopes he can find a job in the NYC area (he's looking at a 4+4 teaching load). I know other people who have such jobs: none like them. 1 more is potentially a long termer (he hopes to graduate in 7 years). The only major difference is that you will probably not be a technician (as described by this guy), you will do your own research from the beginning. You can also survive without grants, though it will hurt your career. It certainly does not challenge the "efficient markets" hypothesis. The hypothesis of EMH is that investors are attempting to maximize their profits, and all have the same information. The housing bubble was driven by various players with incomplete information and irrational behavior: 1. Idiot homeowners: "Buying a home is the American Dream and house prices will never go down because everyone needs to live somewhere." These people are making an emotional purchase, not an investment. A conversation I had with such a person: Me: You just left your wife. You plan to leave your job. In the next 3 years, you will probably leave the state, possibly the country. And the housing bubble just burst. WTF? Him: Without owning a home, I feel rootless. I need to buy a 3 bedroom house in suburbia. It's a good investment! 2. Investment banks were mislead by mortgage issuers. If an investment bank is buying the loan, the mortgage issuer had less incentive to make sure it would be repaid. So the issuers slacked off. This means that there was a major asymmetry of information, violating the premises of EMH. Another thing to consider: in the US (assuming you plan to market in the US), 2/3 presidential candidates have proposed variants of socialized health care. The "conservative" candidate is a "maverick", who is not averse to doing similar things. This doesn't bode well for long term planning. In 4-5 years time, who will the buyers be? Doctors, hospitals, or some American version of NHS? What regulations will you need to satisfy? If the healthcare system is taken over (in any sense) by the government, expect major rent seeking from various special interest groups. M$ may purchase a "M$ software only" law, or hospital administrators may purchase a "don't let software steal our jobs" law. (Such laws will, of course, go by such names as "Helping Children not Die of Cancer Act"). In short, I'm saying that unless you are a lobbyist, stay away from this market for a few years. Do your real estate thing, come back to healthcare once the market settles down. I'm not saying to avoid it because of regulatory burden, but because of unknown regulatory burdens. You can plan for known regulatory burdens. For instance, in the automotive industry, just add millions of dollars worth of safety testing to your R&D budget. If the business plan still works, run with it, and calculate odds. In the defense industry, make sure you hire lots of lobbyists. It's the unknown unknowns, not the known unknowns that will kill you. >That attitude may lead to more risk taking, but it will also be a constant source of unhappiness. Not necessarily. It may be a source of unhappiness, but it may just be a calibration effect. Consider the question, "on a scale of 1-10, how happy are you?" I know 1 == sad (not me) and I know 10=="a marijuana forest full of strippers?!?". But what does 5 or 8 mean? Say I'm the sort of person who might rate myself a 9. But If there is a person, real or hypothetical, who is "happier" than me (1), but not quite a 10. So that leads me to conclude HE must be 9 and I must be 8. But I'm not less happy, I just don't know how to answer a "how happy are you" question. Similarly, I might want to rate myself a 5, but then I think about how I wasn't eaten by velociraptors, and jack myself up to 7 (my understanding is that something of this nature occurs in Denmark). (1) His beer comes from further away than my beer and his wife's ass is higher up than my wife's ass. The professor probably knows, and probably doesn't care. Your prof is probably a guy much like you, who just wants to get back to his research (or his startup). It's a dup, but I think lots of people don't mind that. I for one don't mind seeing this pop up every few weeks if people suggest new songs. Toward that end, here is some music I haven't seen mentioned here before. List of Demands, and Black Stacy, both by Saul Williams (see also http://niggytardust.com/ , which many here may have heard of). He's on tour right now, if any want to see him live. http://youtube.com/watch?v=l1llNYAlYrc http://youtube.com/watch?v=kRsgavuG4sg&feature=related Basically any topic where you know what hypothesis look like, and there is lots of data floating around. Medical diagnosis is an area where ML should be used, but isn't. It's been discovered that a decision tree beats a cardiologist for heart attack triage, but no one will touch it (1). In research, it is often used to discover genetic regulatory networks, and other such things. Basically, ML is replacing what would be a boring job for a grad student. Also look at marketing. Thanks to their ML systems, Walmart knows that people buy poptarts to prepare for a hurricane. (1) If a cardiologist kills 10/1000 people due to human error (whoops, forgot the aspirin), it happens. If a computer program kills 5/1000 people due to classification error it's 5 lawsuits waiting to happen, provided you can find a cardiologist to say "In hindsight, I would have gotten that right." >Besides, what does an "MIT-caliber mind" need growing up? Forget about growing up. At age 17, they need someone to walk them through the college admissions game. Most poor/middle class folks don't have that. When I applied to college, I figured it was grades and SAT's. I didn't have anyone to tell me to engage in activities to fit the admission's office checkboxes (i.e., "leadership experience" or "community service" looks better than "programmer at a .com"). No one told me that "ambitious, will try to graduate college early" doesn't make admissions officers happy. Overall I'm quite happy where I wound up. But admissions coaching would have helped if I were rich enough to have it. >The same thing has been said about most of technological revolutions, but do people live more leisurely, relaxed lives today because of our advances? Yes. There are now more World of Warcraft players in the US than farmers, thanks to mechanized agriculture. This led to a decrease in hours worked from about 80 to 40. Mechanized factories led to a similar reduction; service workers tend to work far less than factory workers (spending several hours/day at work, but not working). The rest of the productivity gains went to increased consumption, which tends to mean a greater quality of leisure (I enjoy playing video games much more than I would enjoy watching Big 3 TV networks in 1950). Doping may lead to an increase in inequality (i.e., non-doped need to work harder to have the same stuff as the doped), but that's a different matter. If you don't take pills, it's not your problem. Which is the point I was addressing Society will benefit from productivity gains. Some individuals might be harmed by a risk they chose to take. The article suggests that those undertaking those risks are intelligent and educated, so it's not even like poor fools are being taken advantage of. What's the problem? The Air Force says you are enhanced by amphetamines: http://www.wired.com/medtech/health/news/2003/02/57434 (The reporter is a little more skeptical. Then again, the military tend to be big users of statistics, so I expect they have some reason to believe this.) The exact same criticism could be levied against your competitors who have no life and work 80-100 hours/week. I suspect that 100 hour work weeks are also more likely to encourage suicide than concentration pills. Supposing that brain booster pills are as safe as working 80-100 hours/week between the ages of 22 and 41, would you accept that they should be legal and brought to market? So you are harming your competitors by engaging in activities which are potentially risky. Those competitors who can't keep up are harmed, either due to you stealing their clients or because they kill themselves (figuratively) trying to keep up. I have a number of friends working in finance who are in such a situation. I'm not saying I know the risks of these drugs. I'm just saying that "my competitors might do it, and then I can't keep up" is a silly argument against them. There are all sorts of "natural" ways you can compete, many of which might be risky or harmful to you. One of those ways is working as hard as you do. I don't think the risk is necessarily fantastical, though I suspect it is probably low. I simply think people should be allowed to take the risk if they want to. Short summary of the article: >Those wealth-seeking, “what’s in it for me” philistines are not buying our product. Rather than changing ourselves to serve them better, we should instead be inflexible, and demand that they change their desires. They should love our product, which even I acknowledge is useless. Diversity rocks, I support diversity! Professors should be paid more. By the way, I'm not exaggerating. The article actually describes students as "wealth-seeking, 'what's init for me' philistines". It's attitudes like this that make me strongly consider leaving academia. Perhaps it should be the first thing users see after they create a login? Marketing in the US: "Ebooks for sale." If you live in the same state as our office, pay sales tax, otherwise tax free. Marketing in the EU: "Ebooks for sale." Possibly illegal in France (do laws against free shipping apply to ebooks?). Some ebooks are not legal in some states, e.g. nazi-related books in Germany. Maybe I forgot a few other problems. Time to hire 27 lawyers to find out. Quite right. A client (back when I was a teenage "computer hacker", fixing people's computers for pizza money) had the problem that her computer was unstable. It would shut down at random times. Printing stuff at night only would do it; shortly after printing, the computer would shut down. Also, it would shut down when it was cold, and only restart when the house was warm. And while things would be fine if she was using it, it would turn off if she went off to do other things (e.g. iron her clothes). Hard to diagnose, but a wild guess: power issue. Lets try swapping out the power supply. The real first problem: unplugging it. There was a single outlet, with a red/black tree of power strips/extension cords plugged into it. Not just computer equipment, it was also plugged into a space heater, air conditioner, alarm clock, coffee maker, etc. After plugging all the crap into a different outlet, I unplugged the computer and opened it up. Didn't have a power supply with enough watts. Promised to get back to her in a day or two. When I called her back, everything was fine. The "teenage hacker" solved her computer problem, stopped her lights from flickering, and made her alarm clock stop turning off whenever she vacuumed. The problem: 1 socket, about 3000 watts. When it got cold, she turned the space heater on. Computer drained of power, switches off. Print something at night, switch on a 500 watt halogen lamp, computer shuts off. >Plus whos going to vote for spam? Spammers. >Tacky clothing and pasty physiques can be like second hand smoke. But without the cancer risk. >Misleading headline; the article says nothing about historical returns being a poor metric of fund performance Sorry about that, I thought that was an immediate and obvious implication of the article, namely that there is a problem with historical returns as a metric (not that they are a poor metric). In any case, I didn't mean to imply that historical returns are useless, just incomplete. And I thought this article did a great job of illustrating an example where that is the case. It's hard to summarize traits in the headline. Here is an academic paper describing them: http://www.iam.unibe.ch/~scg/Archive/Papers/Scha03aTraits.pd... They were originally built for smalltalk, but apparently there is now a python library. I gave it a try, it's actually pretty nice. Basically, traits provide reusable components of behavior that are not tied to classes. It's pretty sweet. It lets you do things like delegate data members/methods to other objects. For instance: class employee(HasTraits): employer=Trait(company) class manager(employee): hire=Delegate('employer','hire') This code causes an employee to have an employer data member, which MUST be a company object. So far, just static typing (checked at runtime). The manager subclass of an employee has a "hire" method. But a manager doesn't hire employees himself; instead, he hires employees on behalf of his employer. So boss.hire(emp) is delegated to the boss's employer, and is equivalent to boss.employer.hire(emp). It has lots of other cute features like this as well. Take a look. True, but geometric rays of light bouncing off the walls of the slit won't broaden the beam. Similarly, the barrel of a machine gun doesn't broaden the stream of bullets coming out. Only Heisenberg does (note, however, this is a purely classical/maxwellian use of Heisenberg). > they give their owners a warm fuzzy feeling you don't get from the junky pieces of plastic sold by creative, et al. Warm fuzzy feelings turn into rage and hatred relatively quickly. My girlfriend: "OMG, a cute engraved ipod! It's so pretty!" Later: "I can't copy music from your macbook onto my ipod without nuking my music? But they are both apple! How come your cheap chinese knockoff ipod works better than the real thing?" >Think blackwater is bad now? How about when they're not even human beings? Then they run at a lower threat level. A humans's decision process: "Is that guy a suicide bomber? OMFG SHOOT!" A few minutes later: "Fuck sarge, I got scared. I screwed up big time." A robot's decision process: if uncertain_of_hostility(target): speaker.warning() #This robot only costs us $50,000. Hearts and minds, right? else: fire_warning_shot(target, bystanders) ## if fu_bar(target): #Don't delete or uncomment this line, or else bad things will happen. I have no idea. If it was my submission that caused it, I apologize to all YC readers out there. PG, a feature suggestion: create a "Hide this user from me" button. By default, the list of hidden users could contain all users matching .* reddit.* (but without a space after the first * , that's only there due to YC markup rules). Actually, to my great surprise, "give my field more money" was only one of his suggestions. It was, in fact, the last suggestion of his, and (at least to my reading) least important. The rest of his answer is quite reasonable, and doesn't even need new money: 1. Seek out people with different points of view and invite them to join the discussion. 2. Give money/influence to individuals, not to large fiefdoms/research programs. I think he is quite right on this. In at least one area the author mentioned (foundations of QM), even a single person with different views can be beneficial to a department. At Rutgers (where I got my Ph.D.) the math physics group has a single advocate of a deviant view. The department would be weakened if we replaced him with a normal scientist of equal quality. Diversity of ideas is important, and we definitely don't do enough to promote it. I think economics caught up with reality a long time ago (in this respect). Last time I saw the end of that stupid show, I was yelling at the TV: "Maximize your utility function, not the money, moron!" (I'm not an economist, but I talk like one.)