GitLab on hosted hardware works great. I maintain two different instances. One of them automatically updates itself, and it just works. I think they will migrate the systems which they host VCSes. Since they may need to make changes in the code to suit them, abandoning the legal stuff makes using, modifying and contributing back stuff easier. Li-Ion batteries lose the ability to provide energy at low temperatures, pretty fast. If the battery is aged, the effect becomes much more pronounced. When using an IDE, memory consumption can be tolerated. Indexers, analyzers, open files, sometimes other tools which run with the IDE. However, to spend 800Mb to change a single file is too much. Atom is not a complete IDE as VSCode or Eclipse by any means. Yes Atom has IDE packages and capabilities are started to be rolled in, but it's too young. God knows what will be the memory usage of Atom when it grows to a complete IDE with project-wide knowledge. Also, having enough resources is never a good excuse for an application to use massive amounts of memory. IIRC uCode updates are volatile. You re-install them to CPU on every boot. OS actually does this for you. Care to share the URL of the video? It sounds pretty fun. Thanks, I'll take a look tomorrow. For more uCode work, there's http://inertiawar.com/microcode/ which contains some interesting bits. I find CPUs fascinating to be honest. While they are complex, they are not impenetrable. Playing with small assembly snippets and simulators helped me a lot to understand them. Also, other architectures such as MIPS and M68K have simpler to understand ISAs which accelerate the process of understanding these small wonders. Electron slow, bloated, uses a lot of resources for nothing. tl;dr: Electron is chromium browser with some disguise. It's not "The right thing (TM)". Atom doesn't use 80MB, it uses 800MB. On the other side, my Eclipse installation uses ~1100MB and runs whole array of analyzers and background stuff that an IDE should run. Atom runs nothing at the back or provides the same functionality while using 800MB. Also, Eclipse is portable around all major operating systems. Resource usage can be justified if the that resources is used toward something meaningful. C is "slower" than assembly, yes; however both assembly can be inlined into C, and magnitudes more can be done with C at near-assembly speeds. I develop in C/C++/Python mainly and in some other languages for fun and curiosity. Python is easy, but it's not as performant unless the underlying library is native, hence nobody is using it if it can't obtain very high performance in my field (scientific computing, HPC, and related areas). Actually, writing a low performance GUI is pretty hard since most of its cycles are idle. If you can write an application with a GUI which slow to respond to low-complexity, common tasks (naive text editing, input, menus, moving windows), something is very, very wrong (to be clear, GUI can trigger resource intensive background tasks, but that's not what I'm saying). That's a very nice perspective to think. First of all, for the 800MB thing, there's the source: https://medium.com/@caspervonb/why-i-still-use-vim-67afd76b4... and I've also seen this behavior while editing small Python files. I also had no other plugins other than the default bundle. So my atom installation was pretty lean. It looks like you're a web developer, I'm not. I develop at the system level, and for development scenarios Atom is nowhere capable as Eclipse, and seriously that's OK. Every IDE has its niche. I used atom as a pretty text and script editor for my needs, but its auto complete capabilities left too much to be desired for me. Honestly, maybe atom was not optimized for better memory usage before. Maybe there were memory leaks. Maybe my build was buggy (I used an official deb package BTW), or maybe he tested a buggy version, but these problems were (or are) real for some other people, and they may have been solved or not; but I'm neither the only, nor the last people who talked about excessive memory usage of atom. I loved atom when it first came out. I tried to migrate to it, but it has burned me with its radioactivity. So I returned to my dark corner under Eclipse to work and recover. > I just hate when there are perfectly valid problems and issues with a technology, but people ignore them and jump on the bandwagon of a non-problem. Same for me. I didn't intend to 'bash' atom and electron. I just wanted to point some problems with it. If my style sounded like bashing, I'm sorry, it was unintended. > Atom has made significant strides in the last year... Honestly, I may give it another shot, as a semi-IDE rather than a complete replacement to my Eclipse setup. I love to explore new applications and see what they do right and where they lack. > I may have jumped the gun here myself, I tend to get a little overzealous... I sometimes make the same thing. It's perfectly OK, we are all human. We all have some technology we like to protect as our only child (my soft spot is low-level & high performance tech). The key is to be able to recognize one's reaction and tune it little by little. I had my share in both sides of a flamewar and I'm very well done in that respect. BTW, I didn't feel like you did. I just wanted to say we sometimes overreact, and even if we don't project it to otherside or just to outside, we can learn from the experience. > If you do, I recommend doing a complete uninstall of it... I've completely removed every atom related folder from my home folder some time ago. I'll install the latest .deb package and progressively experiement with it. I won't tie anything important to that setup, so it will be an experiment bench for me. I'm using Eclipse for ~10 years, so I know the effort you put into setting it up. It's always worth it, don't worry. I maintain three eclipse installations (home, office, laptop) and they sync their settings over Oomph. So when I improve something in one, all three benefits :) When you use something for a very long time and set it up to your liking, it feels like home. :) This is not same for all cases. For example scientific and high performance computing, image processing, or other tasks which need short run times or applications where a single digit optimization results in hours of run time difference is always worth it. Also, since C++ is native, very memory efficient data structures can be written. This property can be leveraged to write very small, very efficient and very resilient loops to be written which can run for months at a time, and since you have the absolute control over memory management, you can prevent unwanted bloating or leaks pretty easily. Last, but not the least; CPUs weren't that powerful 10-15 years ago. My desktop computer was as fast as the first Raspberry Pi. Python, JS, even Java were very unpleasant experiences back then. This is not an apples to apples comparison. I've given examples from runtime, not from development time. OTOH, refactoring in C++ is not hard, at least from my experience. With some knowledge of the language, everyone can write reasonably bug-free C++ (or any other language) application in one go. Compilation in C++ is a different story. C# is not native. It's converted to CLI (was that the name, I don't use Win32 for ~15 years), then JIT compiles it to machine code, and optimizes over and over in every execution. Yes, C# is reasonably fast, but it's not native, cross platform (mono doesn't count), and designed to be a systems programming language. People tend to think C++ is overly verbose, no. Win32 programming model forces simple operations to be long and time consuming for a programmer to implement. Opening a file, serial port, or anything is a single line, because of the (while not everyone likes it) "everything is a file" philosophy, which makes UNIX and C++ much easier, verbose, and accessible. > It can be compiled to native code... In that sense, you are absolutely right. However, for simplicity I only thought about the out of the box experience, or by the de-facto implementation of the said languages, since it’s the most popular usage scenario as well. Well, I’m not very knowledgeable about Windows world, as I said before, I’m not using Windows for 15 years or so. So, my bad, sorry. Thanks a lot. I will read them as soon as possible. This feels like the CueCat from the 90s. A supercharged "I feel lucky" button. Honestly I can't understand why this is worth $5M funding. > Why is the phone made of glass if nobody is ever going to see it? For being a radio frequency transparent, premium material? > I still wish there was a smaller iPhone I upgraded to an X from a 5. The screen real estate really allowed me to not to turn on my computer at some nights, which I consider as a plus. I just read what I want to read, and reply a bunch of e-mails, then put it off. I use Debian testing on a EliteBook 850G2. I disabled the ATI/AMD gpu since I don't need its computing power, so I don't have any notes on GPU part, but with on board intel graphics, everything is very very smooth. Only non-functional item is the fingerprint reader. I get ~7hrs of battery life with normal system administration / development workflow on a KDE desktop. System runs very cool, and fan seldom kicks in if you push the computer hard. I've just remembered: I've used the laptop with a Dell U2411 monitor via DisplayPort, a Dell E2211H monitor via DP -> HDMI adapter and HDMI/DVI cable, both without any issues (incl. hot-plug). I can answer any specific questions if you wish. I use Belkin's charging mat for iPhone X, and it's not picky about the location. Just putting it approximately centered is enough to start charging. Lustre may be old, but it's hardly useless. Some of its capabilities cannot be replaced by any modern storage systems object and file alike. CEPH comes close, but cannot completely replace it. When you connect a thousand nodes to a single storage pool with high throughput and low latency requirements, not everything can cut it. It's also same with me. I downloaded many albums because either the prices were prohibitive to buy, or the albums weren't available here. Spotify allowed me to listen what I want, where I want. I don't like their chromium based application, but if it's the only way that they continue developing their Linux client, I'll not whine about it. However, nothing beats owning the albums. So if the album passes a certain value in my mind, I buy it either on CD or from iTunes for archival and listening on my proper audio system, because all the snake oil and hype aside, nothing beats warmth of a good old amplifier, a decent DAC, and some big, good speakers. If all the balls have shown variations within the same tolerances, that would be true, but balls grouped in a meaningful way, and these groups have shown negligible differences among themselves. Because of this tight variation within the groups, 8 balls are enough IMHO. As a regular Lamy user, none of my Lamys tried to mark my hand to claim me as its servant. Why your pen does it? Burping? Leak? I have a bottle of cellulose reactive fountain pen ink for such purposes. Also, there are mass produced tamper-proof inks. So, in fact it's possible to sign documents with an FP. On the other side of the spectrum is "washable" blues which are waiting to disappear in a small drop of water. For HP, the separation is made at product level. Both consumer and office ink jets have pigmented blacks, but consumer color cartridges are generally dye-based while officejet inkjets and professional printing machines use pigment based color inks. Specification page for cartridges generally gives pigment/dye information. Probably yes. For these stuff I always carry a Uniball elite with blue-black ink (I'm a blue-black guy), and for other documents -like office and other stuff- I use the reactive ink. Uniball's super ink is ridiculously tamper-proof, contrary to its cheesy name. I need to take a look at this. Are you sure that you're not gripping from the lip which locks and creates an air-tight seal? The grip would make it very uncomfortable though. I have a medium Lamy which writes broad-ish (because of production tolerance + well smoothed nib due to long writing sessions) and wets its sealing lip, but even that one never stained my hand. Which ink are you using? Is it extremely wet and eager to flow? Do you fly with the pen? Temperature around the pen? > In 2018, the most popular resolution for users of Firefox is still 1366x768. And only 1920x1080 is making any headway against the dominance of 1366x768. As much as I am surrounded by the culture of multiple 4K+ displays, apparently this is not at all commonplace. 4K doesn't even get listed, presumably lumped into the "Other" category. Most of the tasks in the real world doesn't need multiple 4K displays, including low level and systems development. Most people read stuff, and as a developer and system administrator, when the text is looking good, this means the resolution is enough. > In 2018, the most popular memory amount for users of Firefox is still 4GB, trailed by the also disappointingly small 8GB. In my world, I consider 16GB a bare minimum, but at least with memory I haven't been deluding myself—I know many people economize on memory. Still, I would have thought 8GB was the most common memory size by now. 8 GB is more than enough for most people. My family's Win10 desktop is happy with 4GB, my office desktop is cozy with 8GB. My own desktop has 16GB of RAM, but it runs many, albeit small, virtual machines. "The hardware is cheap, let's waste it" mentality doesn't help anyone and it's wrong. I've written some state of the art algorithms which use 1.5MB of RAM and make the CPU scream for cooling (I develop high performance computing software as a side-academic gig), so like every resource, RAM should be used sparingly. Edit: I've no comment for flash. I think it's a forgotten remnant of old systems. Actually, it's not always the price. Serious developers or seasoned computer enthusiasts doesn't change rigs every couple of years. If one's system is performing well enough, and the user gets used to it, system upgrade can be deferred until some technology or computing resource becomes necessary. When something breaks, the broken part is replaced and upgraded in most cases. Personally, I've just upgraded from 1680x1050 to 1920x1080. My old monitor was 10 years old, and was performing relatively well. I bought a new one, because it started to show its age (mostly backlight age). > As someone who reads text all day, going up to a 27" 150 PPI monitor was huge. You're right, however not everyone has the same desktop space to accomodate a 27" panel. I can barely fit a 24" on my desk. 1440p monitors start at 25". > The other footnote should be that display prices have been crashing recently. When I was in the US at the end of 2014, one of my friends said the same thing about flash drives when I pointed out a $44 PNY 128GB flash drive. Unfortunately, other parts of the world doesn't work same way. Because EUR or other currencies are not fixed against US$, and prices fluctuate at most parts of the world if not increase. So, no, technology doesn't become cheaper as it matures at some parts of the world unfortunately. Addendum: BTW, you are right about the 768p screens are generally found in entry level laptops or netbooks. These devices are most feasible ones when they first came out. Now they are bottom end cash cows which are virtually free to build. Apple's battery fault detection is pretty good actually. Did the battery said "service battery" or "replace battery" while it was operational? If the battery status showed something similar, the battery is already damaged before storage. I have an 2008 MacBook pro, and one of my older batteries have shown the warning. After a year or so that battery has also swollen, albeit in a milder manner than yours. I'm also a software developer and I also have a Linux/Mac mixed environment, and I feel no difference between the two. To be honest, Mac does many things really differently . Yes it feels and sounds like double-think, but I do everything differently from my Linux desktop, and I can do the same things at the same speed, if not faster. On the average, I use them equally, and can do the same thing on both. One footnote is, I do not install anything via homebrew or anything massive which installs into depth of the macOS. For these stuff I have a Linux VM, which is fired up rarely. The feeling and texture of the stop-motion animation or hand drawn animation is not matched by the computer animation. Since we can feel the materials, labor and the natural features of such animations. As a result, we feel more connected. Computers are the other hand isolated from us by their very nature. Resolution, details and other things are higher and better, but they are not natural. So it feels more distant from us. Because of the same reasons I use a mechanical watch, because I can feel the materials, labor and naturalness of the device. edit: Fixed some grammatical errors. Obligatory XKCD: https://xkcd.com/1279/ I also combat with the same problem from time to time. A bit of background: I'm a system administrator of a large computing cluster, and I also develop high performance scientific computing as my side-academic life. The software I develop targets clusters similar to I administer, so I use a lot of Linux, and the software I develop makes the development workstations scream during testing. I personally own a MacBook Pro, and my office gave me (actually I wanted them to buy) an HP EliteBook 850 G2. HP EliteBook is a terrific Linux machine. Everything works out of the box. The backside is accessible with a single latch. It has semi-metal body, reasonably slim and light. Better, it lasts 7 hours on battery (which can be easily replaced), has upgradeable RAM, a separate M2 slot for an additional SSD if you need multi terabyte hard drives, and an eDPI screen (I don't remember the resolution, but it's high). Oh, it has 180 degree hinges, which are non-exotic type. If you want to go berserk, you can add WWAN with GPS support. It has some convenience features too. Glass touchpad, a very good backlit keyboard and better than acceptable speakers. If you want good audio, headphone jack is very good sounding. The machine I use is dual core, very low voltage variant, but the performance is more than enough for 90% of the tasks I perform at office. Since it's very low voltage, it's very very quiet and cool. All-in-all it's a developer's dream if you want to step away from MacBook. Addendum: I disabled the external AMD GPU on it, I use Intel's on-cpu GPU, and I've driven 1920x1200 screens over DP without any problems, inc. hot-plug support. Last, but not the least: HP has a fantastic BIOS which also has nice amenities like advanced charge cutoff and restart percentages like Lenovo Thinkpads. First of all read a lot. Read local communities like Reddit, HN (here), slashdot, etc. This will make you familiar with the daily language. Second, listen a lot. Watch movies with original sound and English subtitles. Try to understand, try to make sense of it. If you listen English songs, try to listen a little more attentive. Then write a lot. Try to take your notes in English. Comment your code in English. Try to comment more into stories or forums around the world. These three will sharpen you in daily English. You'll become more familiar. Becoming fluent becomes after becoming familiar. As everyone said, also read books, novels in English and take notes, however some books' vocabulary may be drastically different from others (e.g., Both Hyperion Cantos and Ready Player One are SciFi novels, but latter one has a much more accessible English than the former). Last but not the least, don't focus on your progress. You'll advance inevitably. Just continue doing so, and you'll find yourself much more improved after some time. Fluency is best when it comes with time, and when it's built step by step, it becomes permanent. You can do all of them at the same time after getting the initial momentum, however not overloading the cognitive capacity is important. Otherwise the process may backfire. The most important point is not forcing yourself to progress, but integrating the language in your life. A foreign language is not an achievement, but a capability (or ability), like programming in another language. You need to integrate into your life, not achieve and set aside. So not forcing is much more healthy IMHO. You're right. English is not my native language, and I learned it in the school, which included speaking, albeit not too much. The steps I outlined is how I sharpened my skills after school, during my non-educational life, in a spontaneous manner. I understood these steps years later, and share them whenever there's a chance to share. I've practiced my speaking skills in the university via presentations, and during my work travels. Also my work requires me to send a lot of English mails, which tend to progress conversation-like. Since they were the things which came to my way rather than I consciously selected, I have no reproducible way of practicing spoken English, so I knowingly omitted those. Thanks a lot. As a non-native speaker, hearing this makes me happy. :) Actually, you're assuming that I'm doing all these to mimic other English speakers, and you're wrong. I'm not a late learner. I'm exposed to English when I'm ~4 yo, and started to learn it at 7. Also, I cannot learn by mimicking. I listen and read to learn, to understand how the culture is choosing words, how it works in real world. It's a kind of practice. Because of my Job, I'm talking with Europeans a lot, and I'm considered a very clearly speaking guy. I've some accent which is carried from my mother tongue, but not from mimicking English dialects. My English education wasn't purely language education. Whole curriculum was in English, so there was no place for mimicking. We were forced to think in English. The language is integrated into our lives for 6+ years. As a result, I can write at the speed of speech. Also while initial spellings are given as complete words, pronunciation is taught to us. So I can reasonably read or speak a work I've never seen. When I go abroad to attend some meetings, I cannot completely switch to my mother tongue (both in spoken voice and inner voice) when I land for 30 minutes or so. Actually my language skills, regardless of language, varies according to my mood and energy, and it's late here. However, this is not to dismiss your comment as moot or anything, I'll keep this in mind. Thanks for the heads up. Thanks for your comments. I generally write at the speed of thought, and don't read my comments for a second time to correct my errors. These tense changes happen when I change the structure of the comment in my head in the real time, and don't revisit the beginning of the sentence to align things back. When I read them for the second time after I send, I spot the errors, but don't always correct them since they are online and intended people possibly read the comment already. Maybe I should write a little slower while commenting, and read again before sending. Thanks for your comments. I'll take note of these, and will revisit from time to time. Most of the commas I use (before the "and" & "or"s) are Oxford Commas which dictates to use a comma before the conjunction if the sentences are separable. If the sentences are separable you don't use the comma. A more general rule is explained in [0]. My juries of my Master's and Ph.D. were very strict in this manner so I learned it the hard way. Now it's hardwired in my brain. Honestly I may be over using them, and will write more carefully. [0] https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/30516/should-i-u... Generally the corrections were between independent clauses, and I made some research on the matter at that time. It's possible that I just mix the name of the rules since I got them from the back of my memory. Thanks for clarifying these up. Will keep these in mind too. The headline reminds me of similar discoveries which happen in Master of Orion series and announced by GNN (Galactic News Network).