I remember trying to install and run this 2 years ago. I checked up on it from time to time, but since it seemed dead I stopped following it(although there seems to be code edit that was an hour ago[1]). [1] http://svn.gna.org/viewcvs/etoile/ I think some of this speculation that this man is some cunning, super-intelligent villain gives him, an average human being, too much credit. Honestly, these "theories" are too outlandish to really be about the actions of a mere human being. What is honestly more believable, that he is some "super PR genius" or, perhaps, just had more than he could handle? I was going to suggest I do the same thing. Well, just upload it somewhere for someone else to find...accidentally, you know. I once had a physics professor (who I admittedly was not too close to) who loved mathematica and is quite the evangelist for the tool at my old school. However, he once met Stephen Wolfram and didn't feel that he had "a high opinion" of my professor. Regardless of his ego, he has somewhat earned the bragging rights given that he is responsible for mathematica and wolfram-alpha. I'm eating (cereal though, no meat) and I'm not sure I can continue. Whenever a "New Study Confirms" something, we need to relax for a moment before we throw off the signs and proclaim that we've always been at war with Eastasia. I remember a group that claimed that an experiment had found that some tracked neutrinos had violated special relativity[1], one of the pillars of modern physics, and I too remember the excitement that developed afterwards only to dry up when it was found a faulty fiber optic connection was to blame. It's not like the benefits of breast-feeding is some pillar of modern medicine, but when just one study is accepted to a journal (and I'm sure there are others), it hardly merits a complete rewrite of medical textbooks. Remember, the important thing in science is _consensus_. As far as I can tell, the consensus is that breast-feeding is more beneficial for newborns. So for now, let's trust what the majority of doctors and health professionals have to say. Now, with regards to the article, it offers very damn strong evidence against this hypothesis, especially the controlling for different parents. It would be interesting to see in a couple of years if more studies corroborate the conclusion of no net benefit to breast feeding. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faster-than-light_neutrino_anom... As a grad student in physics, I'd vote for the inclusion of the Dirac equation or Klein-Gordon (can't put the whole standard model in there) and may be the Einstein Field Equations. Other than that, I agree with most of the list. I haven't heard good things about Black and Scholes, though. EDIT: Oh, and I thought of another. No doubt: [X,P] = i h/2pi Definitely more important than Schrodinger. One could argue that with i^2=-1 and the taylor expansion of sine and cosine and the exponential, one get's that. Those are the sourceless Maxwell Equations I'm assuming in vacuum. The divergence of H isn't zero either (divergence of magnetic field strength is) unless the magnetization is divergence-less. For the reasons you said, I don't think that this is a general algorithm they are teaching. May be it is a stepping stone to get to understanding of what division means first and then they'll teach them long division. Clearly this is an inefficient method for larger numbers, so I don't see how this can be expected to be useful as a go-to algorithm for calculating division. Read the GP's link. You'll see that the COMMON core (despite its name) does not quite do that. It is up to the states and I think even local districts to decide how to implement it. The idea is that a common core is to set up ideas that every student should learn (that's the COMMON part), not _how_ they should learn it. That's a bit of interpolation there. I will admit that we are given very little to work on, just a piece of paper with the algo partially done on it by a child... I'm assuming you think that because of the "10x8" on the side and it could be easily "20x8". It looks like they are teaching it by places, and the 10x_ represents the order of magnitude that is currently being operated, and she was to see how many "8"'s in that magnitude are in the number. That was my assumption, at least. I actually didn't catch that! That's hilarious. I mean, it would seem easier to steal the cargo at the airport before it got on the plane, just bribe a few ground workers, I guess. Steal some passports, hijack, then divert the plane just for cargo? It wasn't the cargo; the only reason to hijack the plane would be either the people or the plane or both. Or, it was an accident. I have to pay self employment tax since I'm a graduate fellow, so I have a larger amount in my bank account than I own. My vote reflects the money I own. Curious, if you don't mind. Are you under $1000 because you have money elsewhere, or is it for more upsetting reasons? I tend to be more liberal in my politics, but I don't think people making "too much money" are a problem. That sounds like envy, to be honest. The problem in America represented by this poll aren't the ~40 people who upvoted >$150k but that the sheer majority have [1] http://money.cnn.com/2013/06/24/pf/emergency-savings/index.h... The gp is implying that they are jealous of a 14 year old. Anyone from Taiwan care to comment?(I'm sure someone from there frequents HN) While I applaud the effort, the only issue here is the sample is restricted only to "Googlers." That's a bit of bias for their sample already. Google is hardly an average company, so the results they glean from their employees might not generalize as well. These guys are assholes, but the issue remains a huge problem. I just hope people can see through the idiots to see that the issue that they are complaining about is real. I starting playing around when I was 14. Now I'm 24. Wow, how time flies. Of course, I have nothing on some of you old timers. That was enjoyable. Save some of the odd "nothingness" talk, it was a fantastic demonstration of the freaking scale that cosmological physics takes. Think, and people have modeled these scales so well, it's hard to freaking believe. One of the relevant issues here is that the top colleges have are essentially a better bet wrt prestige vs. other colleges. The fact that the college educated adult in the US is not as capable as the average college educated adult in a developed country world-wide (in OECD countries, see[1]) to me tells me how there is some truth to this perception. There is no denying that a physicist from Harvard is far above the average in the world, the problem is that if you're not from Harvard, statistics like these seem to imply that you aren't even prepared to be average. The problem here is that the Ivys suck up all the intelligent people and professors and the rest of us are left with less bright people (bright no doubt, but not "Ivy" material). Unless you can make it into the club, you won't be as prepared as your smarter and/or luckier peers. The problem is that we in the US are doing fantastic in raising up the best of us (those who get into Harvard) but the average has obviously fucking languished. Personally, one way I think we can help at least somewhat is for government not to exclusively fund only these Ivys, but to cut off some for the rest of us (you know, judge research by its merit). Other than that, I'm at a loss for ideas It wouldn't be too bad to not go to Harvard if the local state uni wasn't that much worse. [1] http://www.oecd.org/statistics/datalab/skills-outlook.htm Not sure why I was downrated. A rebuttal would be nice. I am often amazed by how much freedom a lot of people here have. I'm a graduate student in physics after betraying my first love in programming because I thought I would end up in a 9 to 5 dead end hacking job, I never heard of this whole "freelance" and start-up scene, otherwise, I would have done that. I'm happy for you and you should feel very blessed to have the options you have. That just isn't an option for so many of us. You know sir, as fun as Jackson problems are and as exciting modelling plasma sounds, I've been thinking of doing other things... Thanks for the implicit encouragement. I think the issue I often see here is that both sides have a one sided sense of exactly how many people "want" to live on the street and don't. Either they're all lazy or they're all victims of the system. This [1] perhaps helps illuminate the issue. We see that 66% have drug, alcohol, or mental health issues. That's a large fraction; about two in three homeless individuals have these issues. However, one in three is a significant fraction who don't. More upsetting is that 40% are veterans. So, I think it's fair to say that we have a slight edge on the interpretation that its "their fault" (although I am extrapolating a lot from a single number here). Still, one out of three individuals there out from nothing more than misfortune is just unacceptable, so I think something should be done. But clearly, what we are doing isn't enough; something more needs to be done. A lot of this can be alleviated by the other things, you know, fixing the rent problem, addressing the minimum wage, etc. In fact the article suggests a few fixes, like better public housing design. [1] http://www.statisticbrain.com/homelessness-stats/ I'm a graduate student in physics, so I'll reply with a physics perspective on this. Concerning modern physics (the quirky stuff like relativity and quantum mechanics), I would not say that any part of it has "disproven" any of the old concepts (which we collectively refer to as classical physics) since Newton. For example, special relativity does not "disprove" classical, non-relativistic mechanics. Newton's three laws are still valid, it's just that the old theory is not as general as we once thought it was (once you move close to the speed of light, things look different to you vs. how it looks for others). Of course, it goes without saying, what a theory fucking is is experiment. Special relativity, general relativity, quantum mechanics, QED, all these theories are theories because they gave predictions which were confirmed by experiment. Newton's laws, universal gravitation, these too have so much experimental backing so they are theory too, it's just that they are valid for non-relativistic, non-quantum systems. Just because you found that light bends around stars doesn't mean that all the basic experiments you did on the earth that didn't seem to show that bending 50 years ago were all a lie. Your old experiments were still valid! You just weren't looking at a scale where such effects were important: those mirrors and lenses didn't have enough mass to make the light bend enough for you to measure it (the deviations were but small fractions of the markings on your ruler) so you simply didn't see such effects. When you do look at that scales*, however, you'll see divergence from theory, and thus the cycle repeats, and the boundaries of understanding are pushed forward. We never forgot the old theory, we just find where it fails and how it really was only correct for a smaller scale than we thought it was. Think about science as the old explorers of Columbus' day; they had a very small view of the world, but as they explored, they found that they could add new features to their maps. Nothing about their old maps of Europe had changed though! May be new technology had made the maps more refined, but discovering the West Indies didn't make Germany south of France! It's similar for science. Nothing about modern physics makes us doubt a lot of Newton's results, we just know he wasn't 100% correct. Color me surprised. I'm actually a buckeye where Mr. Wheeler hails from. This fact and after watching his speech a couple of months ago, perhaps that is why I gave him the benefit of the doubt. I guess I was wrong about him. I have a question for those more knowledgeable about this than me: compare this to recent EU [1] votes on net neutrality. What do you think, will this give European internet companies an advantage over ones here (specifically startups that don't have the big bucks to shell out to the large internet providers)? [1] http://gigaom.com/2014/04/03/european-parliament-passes-stro... Well, this is not quite equivalent, but consider mobile platforms. Streaming makes much more sense there given the tighter storage constraints. Are the lawsuits the only difficulty? Is precedent so important for something like the FCC? I can imagine it, I guess. I'm asking out of curiousity. The fact that these names are considered "similar" to such names ("Juan Gonzales, but "Claire Smith" too?) are shady but "Brad Anderson" and "Steven Smith" are worth responding too basically demonstrates the authors' point. Edit: Before I'm further downflagged by people who haven't at least skimmed the paper, I should point out that I'm referring to the actual names used in the study, I'm not being racist myself. Depressing, but interesting. I find it interesting that even before you have a life, you start out with hope. What does that mean, I wonder? Hope of your parents? Society (for that "someone" who will make a difference)? There once was a graduate level electrodynamics homework assignment that I waited* until 5-6 hours before the due time to start (it was due at 11:59 PM). An hour until, I found it so difficult that I gave up and decided to turn it in late. So, I left the physics building and walked to a 24 hour coffee shop for coffee, and as I walked, I thought about a particular problem, flipping the system around in my head. I then came across the solution midwalk. Of course, at that point, it was too late to finish it and submit it on time, but it shows how taking time to step back and relax can be conducive to thought as opposed to sharp focus. I find that focus is important when I already know what to do (I just have to just code it or I have to just calculate it) as opposed to _figuring_out_ what to do. *I didn't wait until then out of negligence, I had enrolled in too many classes last semester and it became close to what I could handle. I still don't see how a book with text's "realness" helps. I don't see how flat paper with ink printings is "tactile" enough and not in fact just as abstract as any method of digesting information second or third hand (at a computer terminal, reading a newspaper, attending a lecture, etc.) vs. our evolution's first method of information gathering: experience; you know, going outside, feeling a rock, finding your way through town and mapping it out in your head... I'm 24, but I still remember before the internet became what it is today and even then, reading was considered "boring" by everyone other than nerds because, surprise! it was a pretty abstract activity. I think the real factor is the preference for paper and the learned habits with reading on it. People simply have learned first to "deep read" with books, so they read/learn easier since they can tap those already familiar (perhaps subconcious) habits without having to figure out new ones. Unfortunately, phone and tablet screens are associated with mindless or at least light reading and aversion, not deep cognition, so perhaps that's why there is some observed deficit in reading on them. Still, I'm going to accept the "science is not quite settled" part of the article. Obviously there is some deficit ninnsome cases but we don't know why. In this case the energy that goes into creating the e+e- pairs far outweighs the energy you get out. For example, given that this is Quantum Mechanics, there is a non-zero but not necessarily close to one probability of creating a pair from a given pair of photons. One could imagine the other light that didn't interact would just escape to the environment. You can conceptualize this as an photon produced to pair created efficiency, and I don't see it for any reason being very big. Then again, I'm not sure I understand the experiment, for example, I'm not sure how a blackbody spectrum helps in the breit-wheeler process. I think that the light colliding at a perpendicular incidence helps, but other than that, I can't see how the spectrum of radiation matters...like how is using a blackbody spectrum is better than, say, a monochromatic laser? I think I'd have to look at the paper once it gets out. I don't think the idea is to accelerate electrons. It is to produce e+e- pairs. I think the thing that distresses me the most is that any attempt that has been made to alleviate the situation (like the common core) has been stamped "big government" by people who seem to _not_ understand the urgency of this situation. I'm out of ideas. What do we do? EDIT: added a not. Wow did that change what I meant to say. The whole point of the common core, from my understanding was to be vague enough to let local governments decide how best to implement it. They were trying to avoid "one size fits all." Having everyone in the same page with regards to an overall standard seems good in my book. I think the interesting thing was even middle class kids demonstrated poor performance too. The problem us spread wider across the distribution rather than abysmal performance by a minority such so that it pulled down the average (to me, that never really made sense in my intuition). It depends on when you start to force it down their throats :) The earlier in their education that they are pushed to reason more rigorously (again, within reason) the easier it will be for them to accept mire rigorous education earlier. Still, I really agree with you though that a cultural shift will be best, but I'm not sure how this ever will happen. I think it is very much worth caring where the average is. This average person will grow up to become a voter and taxpayer and we need intelligent citizens to vote in competent representatives. Philosopher kings never happened, otherwise, just making sure the smartest get smarter would be okay; we have a democracy and the only way to make it work is to have informed citizens. Supposedly a listing of accidental commits of the text ":wq" and variants where the coder really meant to save the file in vim and quit. One strange possibility this may imply is that some people still untouched by the modern world are really not conscious and introspective. What a weird proposition. Also, those of us who do not share direct ancestry with modern cultures (I am a pacific islander), our cultures would possibly not have had consciousness until our contact with outsiders...for my culture, that would be around the late 1700s. Our oral history does talk about gods, demigods and such. Looking back at most of the oral legends, they tend to be about the gods and mythical events that teach us morals. I think there was one story that might show introspection (a god child who was found in the woods and was raised by human parents) although something like true higher order thinking? I'm not sure, I'd have to think a bit. Still, it's such an interesting idea. Perhaps that is one way to test the hypothesis, comparing notes with first contacts with indigenous, uncontacted peoples. I guess I might be an amoral degenerate, because I found the beginning rather funny. As long as these are consenting adults (save the creepy touching on that one date), what's wrong? I think it was on second thought that I found the whole idea a bit strange, all of this money spent just to give a few tech men dates? This is just pure awesome. It is so awesome, that I was jealous of the author for not being able to do this first, I almost didn't upvote it out of that jealously--it's that good. Keep up the good work! (I'm working on hacking together sims myself but for a larger project--I'm part of a computation group at some state uni modeling HED plasmas.) The original sentence most likely contained the words "reflecting the demographics of the country." >math is careening towards you and you should brace for impact Hilarious, another great article from Mr. Kun.