Having moved from Mysql to Postgresql in 2005 and continued with it up to the present, I'd say it's a superior database for OLTP, enterprise workloads. Mysql's traditional mode with a transactional engine can work too; though, I've found Postgresql to be a solid, consistent performer for my use cases. I've also used it at home after running into trouble with Sqlite: https://paulrrogers.com/2014/10/self-hosting-owncloud-review... . Postgresql's excellent documentation made the move much more practical than it would have been using a clearly less documented tool. (One such as MonetDB circa 2005: http://www.monetdb.org/ .) Similarity to standard SQL and Oracle are also nice if one happens to work in an heavily regulated industry where one may have to migrate to certified platforms. Conflict arises because content isn't truly free. Someone pays of their free time or gets paid to produce by advertising or subscribers. Tools that deliver the content while bypassing payment will drive payment elsewhere or erode the incentive to produce. You must be very selective. I'm curious how you'd feel if it turned out most of Ycombinator's successful ventures depended upon advertising; thereby supporting this very site and community. Advertising is a tool which, like any other, can be used for good or evil. But it's a good point that it's not free to the consumer. Until the law changes True, but built-in replication is still the whole installation or nothing. I believe Slony doesn't have this limitation; though, being trigger-based has some other quirks of it's own. Pgpool is another solution I've also used for a while. All have quirks which I don't recall running into with Mysql's replication. > Old applications are easy to run and popular, because DosBox exists. Actually I think nostalgia makes old stuff popular even when it is challenging to do. I've met people into 1840's-style iron working despite the challenge; and certainly not because it's the most optimal way to produce the desired product. > If it was a paid app, maybe GOG wouldn't be known at all. Or maybe the prices would be much higher than they are now. Perhaps GOG would not exist, but Nintendo has been selling repackaged editions of their old software for a long time now. And maybe GOG and Steam prices should be slightly higher to compensate those doing the ports. If so then some ports may have been better quality. > Of course, then your customer has the 4 freedoms described above, and he could further sell or give your software, along with the sources to somebody else. But this is work and it would involve charges, so he may choose not to do so. With OpenSSL many apparently did use it and resell it without compensating upstream. Only after HeartBleed did that situation change. For a more GPL example I've noticed DosBox Turbo reuses both DosBox and another port's work in their sources. My guess is unmodified reselling may be happening with WooCommerce plug-in's at Woothemes-plugins.com and Wooextension.com. Perhaps they are different for some folks. In my experience most people consider both terms any software that is free to acquire, use, and distribute. Regardless, if wares are acquired and used without charge then the impact on producers and the price expectations of consumers is the same. Certainly that is a benefit for the consumer. But my regrets are because I am a producer. When others can use one's work to resell updated copies without compensation then I doubt one would feel motivated to keep working on it. Interesting perspective, thanks for taking the time to share. I'd imagine that most people who do open source are in a similar situation. That is, expenses already paid. Yet such efforts also appear to undermine the value of your profession as a whole. Consider the poor-yet-educated developer (maybe strait out of college or living in the 3rd world) with a great idea for a to-do application like yours. He pours precious time and effort into his work. Then after establishing his product someone with time to spare starts giving away a free alternative. The poor developer cannot compete as more and more of his consumers, and potential customers, opt for the free project. Quality and execution are the arguments I often read in response to such an argument. Yet the sacrifice of the poor developer just to get basic functionality are greater than those of us who already have a day job. While I love to share, create, and avoid reinventing the wheel; I'd also like others to enjoy at least some of the career and benefits I've been blessed with. Great point. Does anyone know what--if any--limits Grease Monkey puts in place to prevent users from bring exploited? > The only negative feedback you should listen to is from people who really get your target area. And perhaps not even in that case. If they are entrenched in their ways or feel threatened then their advice may hinder. Still, is probably wise to get a variety of input just to avoid overlooking important fundamentals. True. But a jack of all trades with powerful tools may get to market sooner than a large group of specialists who can't see the forest through the trees. Firefox can do this with separate profiles too, so long as you also include --no-remote with other instances. My university was still using telnet around the same time. So I resorted to floppies before finally breaking down and getting a laptop. Red Hat came loaded on some of the college's surplus equipment. Before long I ended up trying it on my laptop too. Updating and driver support was weak back then. Thankfully this has improved a lot. Ubuntu is also a more novice friendly alternative. As an extension author this is disappointing. For all the hate XUL gets, it was a powerful tool to manipulate the UI. Hopefully the new API will be as empowering as the old without the same risks. And ideally this will happen before the old APIs are completely removed. A sliding door seems to be a perfect analogy. And they have existed long before Apple. If they were using Ghostery to block ads--aside from testing--that would be ironic. Or maybe busy people often have trouble saying 'no' Not exactly novel. I've heard of these for months now. A quick web search turns up this blog from 2008: http://www.acleandesign.com/2008/05/password-algorithms-crea... Also seems to produce short passwords. So if the parents are 'on' pot does that mean we've come full circle? > such that they can focus on higher value added work. If the trend continues until nearly everything is free+open then there may be less and less work which is considered "value added". I imagine BadUSB would fall into that latter category I'm curious if such trash would ever be picked up. While I can imagine people being more altruistic once their needs are met, humanity seems to be really near sighted when it comes to subtle-yet-broad problems like trash. "Out of sight, out of mind." KeePass is also an offline option. It includes the ability for auto type to split data among the clipboard and keyboard. Though I didn't like how wide open it is when unlocked, so I made LockyWindow as an plugin to fix that. If IRC's limitations are too cumbersome to workaround there is also XMPP. Patents are a tradeoff: short term power granted (to patent holder) in exchange for long term freedom (for everyone). Isn't this short term thinking? If it causes budget shortfalls elsewhere and the pork is exposed they end up unemployable. Actually I see tabs as a form of multiple document interface inside a single window. It's a valid approach to layering complexity as users multi task more. Excel sheets have worked this way for a long time. Separate windows are not the only way. The premise does align with my experience. Skilled people can adapt to and comprehend the business needs better than packaged tools. That said, well made tools can include lessons learned that could be expensive to develop in house. Often though those are only technical corner cases. Are you saying you basically extorted these companies for a job based on the threat of releasing open source software? PleasantSolutions.com may help. (Full disclosure: I sell an unrelated KeePass plug-in.) Pgpool replication can work that way too Less code is generally better. But I've noticed a lot of folks still using ^ or $ when what they really mean is \A or \z Ideally the code itself should communicate that intent. And comments can become obsolete as code changes. Hence the movement to reduce comments to only what's necessary. Rush hour patterns imply that a lot of that idle time would likely remain idle. EDIT: Fixed typo Not everyone is self motivated or disciplined enough to learn entirely online. Different people also find different learning styles with better for them. Have you looked into NVDA? "The phrase "money is the root of all evil" only exists for a reason..." And all this time I thought it was "love of money" "Never memorize what you can look up in a book" --Einstein CSV is strictly a single table, so it cannot normalize the data. You can end up with a lot of them or a lot of columns and empty cells. Wasn't the core of SQL Server actually Sybase? FYI: There are express and the older desktop versions available for free. Would the Buzz-sumo programmer be expected to investigate their terms of service too? (Often scraping is prohibited.) It may help stretch the brain, similar to learning a new language. Very true, yet the costs are often significant for what most would consider minor. For example speech recognition makes a lot of things easier but can significantly impact the computer's performance. I wonder how close Brave is to exactly this future. My guess is this depends on the child and the institution. Viewing such images risks increasing the production of more of them. Even if that risk is small or unproven the majority doesn't want to gamble.