No. They already have the lowest memory footprint. They don't need to figure out that they need to fix memory leaks, since they are doing it with great success. But it will help them identify and fix current and future leaks. No, they made 13 million in their first quarter this year - the same as they did all of the last year. It is not unreasonable to expect them to reach the 100 million goal. They are growing their income at a fast rate, so it is fair to say they are on track. People are always complaining about existing features being lost. "I am not using firefox again until they reinstate the back button!" I see this kind of stuff on reddit and slashdot all the time. Is it some sort of FUD campaign against Firefox? Click view > Enter Fullscreen You can also use F11, unless you set OSX to high-jack that button. You can also use the fullscreen button in the top right corner on lion versions of OSX. So it was because they wanted people to move to Google+, like everybody has been saying since day 1. Let's assume he took weekends off, so he had 3 x (365 + 183 - 150) = 1194 hours of study. In that time he learned to read and write 3000 characters in context. How is this a bad example of language aqcuisition? It sounds to me like the guy learned what he was studying, and learned it very efficiently. If I remember correctly, most school curricular will have you learn 3000 characters in 3 years, and most students won't be proficient in them when finishing. Ofcourse, if his goal was to chit-chat about the weather, then obviously he wouldn't learn that since he didn't practice it, but it sounds like he could read a newspaper after only 1.5 years of study, which I for one find rather impressive. In Denmark photos are expected too. The argument is, that it gives you a better impression of the person. You do it for the same reason as why you show up to the interview in a suit and tie. As for the race arguement: If the employer is going to cut you based on race or looks, it's better to save both of you time and cut out the first interview. It is also commonplace in Japan and Korea. Other people in this thread seem to imply this is a 3rd world kinda thing. Not at all. The way I read it was that it is surprising that it is there at all. Apparently a lot of android devices don't have one, and don't have time to collect pseudo random data for their software rng to make secure certificates when you boot it for the first time, which posses a security risk for android devices. That's how I read the article in relation to recent news. If you are connected to the internet, why not get your randomness from http://www.random.org/ ? 840 usd for an off-contract high-end smartphone isn't unreasonable. A 64gb iPhone 5 off-contract is more expensive, and that's half the space. So yes, you can compare it to current devices, and it sounds like it is beating them. How would you run cron without cron? And it only checks if it needs to run a job at page load, it doesn't actually run it everytime, which isn't that big of a deal to check. Wordpress has a very high focus on readable code which does seem to affect it's speed. But it is easy to use, setup and hack, which is why it is popular. And as Yahoo and wordpress.com clearly shows, it does scale. The iPhone is priced at over 600usd unlocked. From 720usd in Hong Kong, which match US pricing very closely ( can't find it on apple's us store unlocked) I don't think it's naive to price a high end phone above what is essentially the most mainstream phone available. Which they didn't considering theirs have 128gb memory. Who the hell knows which month they signed up? I signed up over 6 years ago. I think it is unfair to expect people to save their original email confirmation mail for upwards to 10 years (skype was released in 2003), especially given that nowhere in the mail it says that this is really important to keep. Given that netflix offers 1 month free subscription, I kinda get why they won't delete accounts completely. Else people could just sign up, delete and sign up again for free netflix. Gathering question answer pairs for training their answering algorithm in google search. Bookmarks bar is hidden by default. Don't complain about your own customization. https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/fx/?utm_source=firefox... That is simply not true. You could not write a whole CMS with plugin-api, template system, image manipulation, user roles, auto-installer (and auto updater of plug-ins and entire install), comments system, image galleries, media manager as well as a administration backend (that mind you not only needs to work, but also needs to be designed visually) as well as a high quality default theme. Where do you guys get off saying such things? It's a completely absurd statement. Of course you can't do that. Except that doesn't work for: * 100's of people over long timespans. * Remembering what that person you met at the bar last night was called. Figuring out who "insert random name you stumbled upon in your phonebook" is. Modern humans have networks way bigger than we can handle in just our mind and we need written records (contact books, diaries, letters, business cards, whatever) in order to be able to handle large quantities of data, such as these social and professional networks we tend to keep. This app is great. It doesn't support the phonetic spelling fields, though. It also needs email and note fields. When clicking a contact from the left-hand menu, it doesn't show the location. So there is lot's of room for development, but this start is sleek and extremely handy! I have already paid for an app that only does half of this one, and I am willing to pay again to get a fuller set of features! My personal hack for helping remember people is I use the company field as a tag. So people I meet in a bar will get the bar name in that field, people from school will get the school name, people from work, will get work name, clubs etc. The nice thing about this is you can search for company name, so I can just type in "study group" and I get all the contacts in my study group up as a result. No, because just before the quoted sentence he qualifies the success criteria to be largest share of the only growing PC segment. Even the incumbent is the largest, as long as it is declining, and the challenger, albeit small, but is growing, the challenger is usually considered a success in the market place. >It is now they who depend on Canonical to reach and interact >with the vast majority of FLOSS desktop users. It doesn't say depend on to be able to write code. Or depend on to be able to have a github account. Or depend on to be able to exist. It says depend on to reach and interact with the vast majority of FLOSS desktop users. Yes you will. You just don't have free access to it online. Why is that retarded? You've never been to China, have you? Access to gmail is spotty and unreliable, like most other google services. Android phones connect to Chinese android market and most have alternative chinese only app markets. If google where to stop access to android market, people would get pissed, but switch app-provider. For the rest, these are barely used services. I don't even think hangouts are accessible, since it's a part of Google+, which is blocked. Maps? Year, it's nice, but so is Baidu maps. Picasa? Which economy is impacted by picasa? > China's weakness is they cannot censor where it crimps the economy too much. It's brilliant. While this is true, google is not one of them. esc stops page loading, not javascript execution. Gmail is essentially a javascript application. As someone who doesn't really know anything about scala, why is this a cool thing? While such an early release is definitely aimed at scala enthusiast, I'd still like a sales pitch for the rest of us. It'll be on non-apple devices. hasn't this always been possible with a desktop email client? Because expectations and demands for stability in mobile devices are still much higher than on laptops and desktops. If I start a game that requires too much horsepower on my PC, then sure, maybe the thing freezes or take a long time to get responsive and if I recieve a skype call in that instance, I actually expect it to fail. Not on a phone. No matter what I am doing, I expect SMS's and phonecalls to be accepted. No excuses. "Something" doesn't have to be a full on attack. While it is hard to say what Google expects to do or not to do, it does seem like Google are building an app platform on Chrome in parallel to the so called web app platform (HTML5 + Javascript). > * Images are now loaded through a proxy, which means that all tracking images will no longer provide information like cookies, IP associated with the account, etc - the only information they'll provide is "this specific email was viewed by someone, somewhere." No, if you know who you are mailing, you can add their ID to the link of your tracking image, so you know exactly who opened the mail. Yes, but yours had a shitty point. It would also be easier to just manually fill out those pages than to develop a PDF that can be auto-read by all of them. But what's the fun in that? Why would you not want it to remember undo's from last time you had a file open? Let's say an hour of my time is worth $20, which is what I currently make at my student job, so it's pretty fair to call that my going rate. Could I learn to be productive in emacs in 4 hours? I can't. I've tried. SublimeText is like buying one more textbook, but one that I will use extensively in all my courses, unlike most of my books, that get little use in just one course. I still don't get it. If an insecure protocol with an insecure implementation can send messages that others can't read, how is it insecure? You miss understood a lot of the points in this review. * Low-end smart-phone should not do basic things such as calling and texting worse than a low-end feature phone (dumb phones). Author is pining for his old, low-end feature phone after using ZTE Open * While adaptive search may not be a market place, if it looks like one to the user, then it will be percieved like one and confuse the user. * Platform ecosystem is a valid critiscism. The main criticism of windows mobile is lack of apps. While that is not the systems fault, MS are being active in improving this, since they know that this is the main feature of a modern smart phone. If Mozilla don't realize this either, they are in trouble. It may not be ffOS's fault that the twitter app is bad, by users don't want it if it doesn't have a good twitter app. * Critiscism of here maps should be directed at ffOS. Other maps exists, mozilla has strong ties with Google, Mozilla chose this one as default. Also see above. My limited experience with here maps from windows mobile showed me a great service, so maybe the author is off on this one. I don't know what the feature phone market looks like in Brazil, but if its anything like the Chinese, then it doesn't sound like the ZTE Open beats the feature phone market. I was getting a ffOS phone for christmas, until I realized that the only one available to me is a ZTE Open. It really does look like a crappy representative for ffOS, but if this is what Mozilla and ZTE decided on, then the software side should run more than decently. I'm glad to hear that the basic ffOS phones perform better than low-mid-range feature phones. I don't think my initial post made it very clear, but my critique of the ZTE Open was based on what the reviewer said (so basically hearsay) and he didn't seem impressed with that phone compared to his old Nokia. I'm very excited about ffOS, and do hope for its success. What made me jump with my initial post was the way you were excusing its shortcomings. Saying "it's not Mozilla/ffOS fault" that this and that don't work is a very dangerous stance to take. It is also one that most consumers will not understand. I very much appreciate this comeback. Very good points. You obvious know next to nothing about English syntax. Have you never wondered why you can learn python in a day or two, but not English or Chinese? First of, you need a huge dictionary of all words and rules for their conjugations. Then you need a huge rule set for bound morphemes. Which adjectives can you add 'ly' to in order to make them adverbs? There are literally hundreds if not thousands of bound morphemes and they can sometimes only be applied to certain words within certain word-classes. Then you need a huge rule set for when each word acts as a specific word class (is bank a noun or a verb? Is anime a noun or an adjective? Is like a verb or preposition? You know, "Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana", actually like can behave like several wordclasses) These are not solved problems yet, but we are getting very good at them now. We weren't 4 years ago. Failing that, you could also take and annotate word classes in thousands of pages of text, and then use a machine algorithm to apply similar annotations in the the text entered into the program. Unless you are expecting people to write articles for the Wall Street Journal, this might not be such a good route either. Word with Zotero makes for a rather painless thesis writing experience. Just remember to mark headlines as headings, and don't just change the font size of your headlines. It's easy to insert references to formulas, figures and graphs. LibreOffice + Zotero makes for the some fairly painless bibliography, table of content, internal figure referencing. If you need to build advanced graphs from large dataset, there is no painless way about it, but LaTex is in no way more difficult than the other options. OSX has built-in NLP tools? I tried doing a google search for it, but I can't find any documentation. Do any of you know anything about it? Thanks! There is one button that does anything on that website and that button replies to the one and only email in your temporary inbox. So ... How am I supposed to use this for anything? No, it says something about adwords compared to other google services. Normal predictors for shutting down google services doesn't apply to it, because it is very different in its behavior than other google services. That doesn't make it a bad algorithm. That one annoyed me too. The police stopped them on the grounds of actual threats of war and his reply is that they are not taken seriously. Actually it doesn't run great. It's so clunky you might as well just run it in the terminal. tl;dr: Emacs is forever, because I got used to the key-bindings. Seriously? So, when is this smart? The only remotely meaningful use-case for midnight being false I can think about is if you need way to check if a time is midnight? But it still seems easier to just check if time == 0.0 I think the not in "but not in others" is over-qualifying. Saying that Mozilla does not value gay rights because of 1000 dollars, donated once, indirectly associated with Mozilla is a crazy given how much they actually spend directly on supporting the cause yearly. I'm not saying that a care package for 1.000 dollars negates Eichs contribution. But you can't say they don't value gay rights either. >Is "Saddlesore Galactica" one of the worst episodes ever? No, and the graph in no way show that. From around season nine, episodes are mostly rated between 6.5-7.3, with a fair amount lying considerably lower than that and only a few outliers in the other direction. But as a 6.5'er, "Saddlesore Galactica" is a solid "poor" episode, like many, many others. But there are a substantial amount of episodes well below that one, and they are also scoring considerably lower. The clip shows are the truly "worst", despite having all the best punchlines. So one could argue that objectively they are the best. But that is also a poor argument.