I have worked in Beijing for more than 4 years as a researcher for a big American company (Microsoft). Its not that bad here but you definitely have to fight the traffic, pollution, and the great firewall. The political situation is mostly transparent to us, except via web blocking and some weird archaic events (military parades anyone?). Other places in China are a bit better in terms of environment but then those cities are not as comfortable in western niceties (e.g., coffee shops). If you are experienced in tech, you can always get a job here that pays fairly well; maybe 80% of what you could make back home if you are just a good developer, more if you are very experienced or in management. The talent market in China is very skewed toward junior workers, and so experience is very much desired. The tech scene here is not very deep, although their are some entrepreneurs who do startups (most of them that I know of are in mobile gaming). rkon is basically right. My landlord isn't selling his apartment because the prices are too high and so no one is buying, WTF? The real estate market here is incredibly bizarre and opaque. Its not entirely clear how China will dig itself out of its current situation. On the one hand, perhaps they can grow out of these problems, but their are severe structural problems that need to be reformed sooner or later. A crash would bring those changes but it would be painful for all of us. I naively have most of my savings in a Chinese bank. This year I'm thinking about diversifying since a banking collapse is always possible and its not clear how we would be insurancd. I make much more than 10K a month in Beijing without leveraging my foreign-ness, most of my Chinese colleagues pull similar salaries. A new graduate from a decent school could expect to make 18 or 20K a month, a newly minted PhD probably more. Laowai startups here often don't pay well and look for low-end talent accordingly, its nice to access low-end talent but you get what you pay for. For my friends who run startups in the 'jing, it works for them but just barely. One of my American friends just did a stint at a big Chinese tech company. He was willing to immerse himself, but the cultural differences were just too great. They had time cards for software developers for crying out loud (and no, it wasn't a consulting company)! Suffice it to say he's decided to do a startup. It's not just that. The real estate companies collude to keep prices high, and won't let landlords consider lowering their prices (they won't market the house, and you can't really market it yourself for some reason). A lot of craziness in this sector, something has to give. I have a hard believing that you'd be able to even do a conference call in the thick of it (especially the new year eve fireworks). I can barely have a conversation with the person in front of me, let alone do anything with the phone. Truly, a war zone isn't that bad. I thought it had more to do with European CS departments often being considered part of math while American CS departments were often considered part of EE. That would account for some difference in the habit of buying hardware in the beginning (say 60s and 70s): EE already had to buy a lot of that while the math department did not, so it was a new thing for a department that generally did not have high capital expenses. But I don't think the ability to buy hardware is as relevant as the different mindset between mathematicians, who focus on more abstract problems, and engineers, who focus on more concrete problems, especially today when hardware is cheap. Being an American-trained computer science and spending some time working in Europe, it definitely felt like more emphasis was placed on formalism vs. engineering. Even China Daily used to call micro-blogging "Twitter" before they were rebuked by government censors. The simple fact is that Weibo is and always has been a clone of Twitter with Chinese characteristics. The government's move to enforce Real IDs will probably basically lock out all foreigners or anyone without Chinese ID numbers (including even citizen overseas Chinese), making Weibo even more obscure outside of China. Weibo is not a competitor to Twitter since Twitter does not work inside China without jumping the wall. Weibo is completely protected by the Chinese government from competition with Twitter. Living in China for almost 5 years now, I am beginning to wonder if this is actually true. China was much more open before 2008 Olympics than after, its basically been downhill for the last 3 years. Engagement alone doesn't bring results, there also needs to be an explicit push for progress. They've definitely piled on the features for weibo to suit the Chinese audience; most of this innovation is local. The nice thing about Twitter was its simplicity, that you don't have to load pics in the tweets you receive, that the visual design is simple, and you don't have any pointless reputation side games to distract you. Weibo goes and adds those features, I don't think it makes it better than twitter in anyway, although it is definitely different. Couple that with the fact that 140 ideographic Chinese characters is much more information than a 140 phoentic letters (say 1.5, 2 times as much) along with threaded discussions, and weibo begins to look more like full on social networking than just microblogging. The way weibo has bitten into Kaixin and Renren is evidence of that. However, I wouldn't call "Weibo" more than a Twitter clone until they are allowed to compete head-to-head with Twitter by the Chinese government. Weibo is simply Twitter in China because Twitter isn't allowed to exist. The researchers were analyzing message blocks, where there is explicit feedback from Weibo that your message isn't harmonious enough. Has Weibo has resorted to hell banning messages yet; where the user thinks the message has gone through but is silently repressed by the system from reaching many users? That should be detectable though by using multiple accounts in the experiment. As has been pointed out in the replies about 30 times already, PostPC doesn't mean the PC is dead, it only means that the PC market is mature and innovation slows way down as everyone focuses on newer more dynamic markets. The fact that people feel no need to upgrade their PCs anymore yet they are still rushing out to buy the new iPad is symptomatic of that. Surely I'll buy a new PC in the future to replace my old one, but I don't expect my sister or dad to do the same. I once had a workmate in 1999 whose sentiment was similar to your post, just focusing on a different device. We got into an argument about whether the desktop PC market was over or not. He didn't really believe that laptops were really more than niche devices, they were too slow, displays were too small, that most people would use desktop PCs for decades to come. That you could never do more than surf the web on it, you couldn't hack serious code with it. That tablets are for consumption only...really? Diagramming (e.g., OmniGraffle), vector graphic production, sketching, mixing and producing music, editing images, updating a spreadsheet...why not? Many are using tablets for production already. Every year someone says iPad can't do X, the next year someone releases something that does X and it actually doesn't suck. I often use my iPad 2 in bed (~1 foot distance), the screen is really close and I can see the pixels. The new iPad is absolutely frigging amazing, I'll never look at my crappy DELL/HP monitors at work in a positive way again (yes, I can see the pixels!). Why have we been stuck at the same crappy 1920x1200 pixel resolution for at least 5 years now? Could it be that no one care about innovating in the PC market because they can't make any money? That a 10" iPad has a higher resolution than my 24" PC monitor is totally Post PC. Higher PPI is more important, not less, as your eyesight degrades. Turns out pixelation is bad for your eyes. The advantage to having a higher PPI is that things are clearer, not smaller as some windows aficionados have come to expect. Nobody is significantly investing in desktop pc display technology right now as far as I know, not samsung or LG, it's very stagnate. That's the point, PC R&D seems as good as dead. It's a big shame, I would really love a decent display for my workstation. Many of us are working on touch-based programming on tablets, I think there will be many interesting tablet-based programming environments coming on line this year. One of the problems I have with AppInventor is that it feels like procedures (in a hidden event loop) are not the right abstraction for the high-level programming model that they are aiming for. With all the buzz about the new iPad recently, I was wondering why our PC monitors have failed to advance very much in the last few years. The article linked in this post describes it very well, quote from article on why there isn't demand: • 100 ppi is “good enough” for the majority of PC applications. • There are almost no examples of monitors over 100 ppi to create desire. • Most consumers and business users have never experienced a high-ppi monitor. • There’s no broadly applicable “killer app” for high-ppi monitors • Because the Windows UI doesn’t scale well, higher ppi makes Windows harder to use • Higher-ppi LCDs are more expensive. 7 years later and we are exactly in the same spot while most of the display R&D has moved to mobile. Let's hope this starts changing soon, I really want an affordable 200+ ppi 24" monitor. If the developer is going vector, they don't really have to do anything (the scaling works transparently). And its turning out to be a good time to go vector. What's your point? A high-end Nokia Windows Phone costs about just as much as an iPhone 4S, while a low end Nokia Windows Phone seems to cost just as much...as an iPhone 3GS. Sure, Nokia feature phones are cheap...but we aren't talking about that. I predict that a spec-comparable high-end Nokia tablet will cost just as much as an iPad (their production costs are higher than Apple's, so they can't go lower, and its suicide to go higher). Definitely don't underestimate Microsoft, nor Microsoft Research :). But there is nothing magical going on, Apple mints even more cash than MS does these days. This is quite true, with existing technology the graphic designer always has to touch up their Illustrator PNGs in Photoshop (conspiracy theory: does Adobe do this on purpose so people will buy photoshop?). But at higher PPIs, the aliasing effects of rasterization are much less, you could almost turn anti-aliasing off at retina display levels, so vectors begin to make more sense. Of course, the problem is that there are still a lot of displays out there where anti-aliasing is necessary, and for some reasons our algorithms always screw it up if done in real time. Perhaps we just need better algorithms (e.g., see Direct2D). The final problem they mention is one of physical size, but it makes sense that you'd have a lesser detailed vector for something that is really small vs. something that is very big; its a design issue. How is TortioseGIT deficient compared to TortoiseHg? I would think at this point, they are sort of equivalent, but I don't have experience with Mercurial. When I saw Guy give this talk I was absolutely floored. Both the content and the style was impressive, the hand drawn transparencies, layered one on top of the other. It was the first time I realized one could give a talk with a high degree of style, that their were geniuses in our field. Guy and Gabriel's HOPL 50-in-50 talk was also very stylistic, but not as profound in content (more like entertainment). Definitely one of the smartest and most talented persons in our field (OO PL). You can only love or hate C++ if you've used it, and I would guess that many readers on hackernews have never had the pleasure of using C++ a lot before; i.e., as a professional C++ programmer (though this would be an interesting poll to take!). I listed C++ as a dislike, and I believe it deserves the hate. C++ basically means full employment for PL engineers (like myself) to build decent parsers (C++ is almost unparsable), compilers, bug checkers (C++ code is dense with bugs that can be found via analysis), and so on. I came to a point in my career early on where I realized that this was just ridiculous, so I got out of the C++ tool industry just as fast as I got into it (and worked on Scala instead, sort of ironic). Many people have to use C++; e.g., if you are writing embedded systems, OSes (device drivers), or games. Most everyone not in those industries will just continue to stay away from it. I doubt it, the results are just biased. I bet there is a higher population of readers that uses Java + some other dynamic or newer language that they like better and would prefer to use rather than Java. The poll isn't scientific, nor was it expected to be. Dynamically typed is still typed. That the error occurs at run-time means the typing is dynamic. If the error did not occur at all (int was unsafely coerced into a string), then that would be untyped or weakly typed. Static type safety is desirable, dynamic type safety is almost essential. But they are both type safety. I would call Brainfuck (and other esoteric languages) as an instance of what "critical design" as described by Anthony Dunn. The goals of critical design are to produce artifacts that get you to think vs. "affirmative design" which is meant to create usable artifacts. Living in China, I was going to reply the same way. Without factual information, all you have are rumors. The opacity of the CCP necessarily leads to crap like this. Bloomberg was meta-reporting on the rumor, where it is factually verifiable that the rumor has arisen. In the absence of real information rumors are very important to our daily life; e.g., if chinadaily explicitly refutes a rumor, it gains some possibility of actually being true since otherwise they probably would not have taken the effort to refute it. I can understand why Bloomberg would take the presence of a rumor as news, not claiming any truth to the rumor as fact. We are still on edge with the Wang Lijun Chengdu consulate incident. What the heck was that all about (we still don't have any clue)? Something is up, and since this year is a leadership change, there is a lot of power jockeying going on, really anything could happen. Its going to be a very interesting year to say the least. The rumor was only censored, it wasn't obliterated. The weibo crowd will just start using code words to keep talking about it. I noticed this today; it was very glaring. Hopefully its back now, but I won't know until I leave work (we have a GFW-free separate connection in the office). It could have just been a glitch and nothing planned, but I agree with the poster that these things should be taken seriously (at least by those of us in Beijing). This is what I envisioned for the Scala IDE when I started that project 6 or so years ago. But I got frustrated when it started turning in a Java-Frankenstein monster that was trying to embody all of what I thought was wrong with Java ecosystem. Eclipse just wasn't the right platform, and the Eclipse IDE metaphors are just clunky and outdated. My ScalaLive proposal was perhaps 6 years too early, while I never really figured out to package up my live programming work as well as Bret and Chris have. I'm glad that this project exists and is being pursued. Its about time! Note that the PDF includes quicktime movies (this was before youtube became common place). You can only see these if you read the PDF in Acrobat with quicktime installed; and even then you have to tell Acrobat that you trust the document not to do anything bad (its no wonder noone includes movies in their papers). This is a very big problem in China's startup scene; even Qihoo is very dodgy and might not have a real business plan. Lee Kai Fu's Innovation Works are trying to break this habit; they are starting fairly small and looking for startups that could have YCombinator-style exits. I'm not aware of any other incubators, at least in Beijing, this is still a very new thing. Actually, there is a lot of money sloshing around in China looking for places to go, given the opaque stock market, bad real estate market, and strict capital controls. But just knowing that someone will probably rip off your idea if you are even semi successful makes investing way too risky. Isn't web search quite an old field? It was around in 1996. Before that there was AltaVista and Excite. RankDex is definitely not as good as PageRank with respect to results, I'm sure they have moved beyond that by now. I think what Baidu did copy outright was Google's minimalistic look and feel, which is definitely not very Chinese but appreciated nonetheless. Same with qqmail and gmail. But that part has already happened; China has copied the industrial capacity of the west and you could say even improved on that. There is some amount of protectionism to the Internet though: whereas the British were trying to prevent the technology from flowing out, China is actually trying to prevent the technology from flowing in, indirectly through their blocking policies. That is very self defeating, it means the Chinese are copying business models and designs, and they aren't very focused on developing better technology (where the web is concerned, at least). It used to be more common in the past: you buy something, and the fapiao (certified tax receipt) would include some sort of scratch off thing that was like a lottery; so you had some incentive to collect your fapiao and preventing the department store from low balling their taxes. Store owners are not supposed to recycle unclaimed fapiaos, that is definitely illegal, and many companies who follow the law to the letter (like Starbucks) make it very convenient for you to exchange your xiaopiaos (normal receipts) for one fat fapiao in bulk, since they are not gaining anything by not issuing a fapiao. Likewise, Microsoft (my employer, an American company) doesn't require us to play the fapiao game for most of our benefits. However, we need fapiaos for any expenses that occur in China, while there are a few benefits that require fapiaos (a travel and gym benefit) that are easy to get and one foreigner-only benefit where we can get back our tax on rent if only we could ever get our landlord to issue a fapiao (unlikely, they would just jack up the rent for the taxes they weren't dodging). And let's not get started on getting the name right for the fapiao. It must be in Chinese and it must be the official name of our company. I think for Microsoft China its something like Microsoft (China) Limited, but all in Chinese characters, and its bad if you can't write that down exactly right. [Edit] Let me describe the fapiao game: your company (usually a Chinese one) low balls your salary (say 2 or 3K RMB a month) but allows you to claim lots of personal expensive as business expenses. Even more fun: some require you to collect fapiaos but don't reimburse you for your expenses (universities do this a lot!). Fapiaos now require the name of the company that will be claiming the tax benefit so you can't just exchange them with your friends, meaning you need to be diligent about collecting fapiaos. Taxi fapiaos are the easiest, as they don't require names (so you can collect them and exchange them with friends if you want). These days, the IDE is apart of the language; we will see more languages that push integration with their IDE in as much as Smalltalk did in the past. No one would think about using a language without a compiler, developers increasingly feel the same way about the IDE. As for (c), it depends on the city and even restaurant. Many places can't afford fapiao printing machines, and so the government is more lax and lets them use preprinted anonymous fapiaos. These are being phased out, but if you leave the big cities you'll still see a lot of that, and even in Beijing we get fapiao tickets at some lower end places. I'm employed by a western company that doesn't play fapiao games, and I get a lot more than that (how much is confidential, but I make just a bit less than I would in the states for a comparable position). Many of my friends get fairly low salaries (2/3K may be outdated, its probably more like 4/5K now), but get a lot of "benefits" that I don't; especially if they work for SOEs (state owned companies); i.e., many have nice cars (provided) but not enough money to really park them (not provided). Spoken Chinese is much easier to learn than Japanese or French, in my experience. Coming from English, I find that the grammar isn't that difficult while word order is very relaxed. Since most native speakers have an accent or dialect anyways, there is no pressure to speak in a standard way (I find I'm more understandable when I talk as casually and loosely as possible). I gave up on written Chinese a while ago. I can text well enough and do some simple IM conversations, basically my writing mirrors my oral skills fairly closely. But I can't read a sign, a notice, a newspaper, its almost another language and I'm not so interested in putting the effort in. > As for the second sentence, for a person with no background in tonal languages, learning the tones in Mandarin is extremely challenging. The biggest mistake of most Chinese learners is taking tones too seriously. Really, they aren't that important. If you screw up a tone in context you'll still be understood. Focus on words and grammar first, pronunciation isn't that important since most people have dialects. Cantonese people speaking mandarin can be quite entertaining though. When I first moved to Beijing, I had problems getting the taxi drivers to understand me since I wasn't putting the 'er' behind everything, which is local dialect. Suffice it to say, I now speak with a Beijing accent. Eventually, you just start getting the tones right because you speak and listen so much. I can get by native sometimes (limited only by my bad vocabulary) and I've never study tones consciously for words I learn. When I'm really tired, I sometimes change my 'sh' to 's' and sound more southern. Nobody really cares. However, I do screw up sometimes when saying words like "jichang" and "jingcheng," and will wind up on the wrong expressway in the taxi. This has not much to do with tones though. Normally, betanews quality is just so so, but occasionally they have some nice columns, this one begins with... > The direct impetus for this column is IBM’s internal plan to grow earnings-per-share (EPS) to $20 by 2015. The primary method for accomplishing this feat, according to the plan, will be by reducing US employee head count by 78 percent in that time frame. Basically, you mean, they preserve their research organization that keeps doing cool things. There has been a recent wave-2 Exodus of IBM researchers to Google NYC; its not clear that they will be able to preserve their ability to make cool advances. When I was working on Scala (5+ years ago), the syntax was still pretty rich but the parser was fairly concise. Martin is very good about designing consistent and fairly compact syntax; you get the richness from just a few rules that are easily expressed via recursive descent; there is a little bit of lexer madness for semicolon inference, but this isn't that big of a deal. Its definitely nowhere near C++ in terms of unparsability; one could probably write their own parser for Scala over a weekend or so (depending on their compiler skillz). This is not very accurate. SCIP in [yesterday Scheme, today Python] is taught first to MIT students (where SCIP comes from). Some universities follow MIT but most do not; I don't think there are many schools actually using SCIP at the high end, maybe some lower end schools trying to emulate MIT in order to capture their greatness (rarely works from what I hear). Example: U of Washington CSE 142 (the entry level course for one of America's better programs) starts with Java and continues that through 143. OO gets a bad rap, it is incredibly useful in applying ontology to program structuring. Yes, OOP in Java isn't ideal, but if you look at more pure OOP languages like Smalltalk or Self, its virtues really do begin to shine through. FP is great when expressing computations, but we often are just gluing nominal entities together, where OOP excels over FP. I like to have a few FP options in my languages (C#, LINQ), but my mind is firmly rooted in objects when it comes to overall macro design of the program. I don't even think this is true. There are many universities with PLT faculty (DrScheme, Racket) where Scheme is used in some courses but not the intro ones. At anyrate, I don't see how this assertion is even useful, even if it was true. And yet this problem kind of goes away in a key value or graph database. I wonder if the ORM mismatch is often not one of objects getting in the way, but one of using relational in the first place. At anyrate, how you manage your objects (for things like search) is ideally orthogonal to the objects themselves; though this is difficult to accomplish in practice. I use objects in reactive (non-persistent/DB) systems all the time. Objects aren't the problem, but you do have to manage your dependencies dynamically by tracing/dirtying/and cleaning. Objects actually excel at encapsulating and managing state, it is much harder to do this with functions (see all the work on functional-reactive programming). They are being really transparent about their visual design process. Whether you agree with them or not, its very interesting to read about their reasoning. I'm mildly excited about Visual Studio 2011, but I see a lot more radical changes coming in newer IDEs like Cloud9, or of course, LightTable. However, 360 is only net positive now on a per quarter basis, which only counts current costs against current revenue. That doesn't count the initial investments made on R&D for the 360 or its predecessor. When you look at it from that perspective, "success" is much more difficult to claim. Comparatively speaking, Apple has done much better in consumer electronics. I won't make any judgement on leadership, and want to just point out this fact. A peer of Microsoft is succeeding very well in consumer electronics, meaning Microsoft could potentially as well and would become insanely successful (big profits beyond enterprise). Disclaimer: I work for Microsoft and so would love for them to realize that potential. I'm sure it is much more complicated than "replace CEO" to get there.