Google today admitted to the BBC that "hundreds of the world's best engineers" were indeed out of touch: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/8517613.stm Enron. In the early 80's, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. The method was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. In an early 80s programming article, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. (He referenced the idea again in his recent book Prey.) His BASIC implementation was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. I hate the idea of Flash on an HTML5 appliance, but the article and (as of 10 AM ET) the other posts in this thread miss one obvious way of supporting this with no extra buttons/toggles and no double clicks, click-hold-clicks, or other unusual behaviors. If a user touches a Flash zone, show a cursor, and have the cursor moved by the iPhone's accelerometer. Tap to click. For elements such as the video player example, the cursor (just as on PC) can fade after time, and a tap or shake would re-show it. For most of the scenarios he mentions, using accelerometer to drive a hovered cursor would be a particularly intuitive solution. Sorry, false. We used this in 2003 for commercial purposes, as a way for Site B to verify the user had used Site A without setting a cookie. http://lastpass.com/ Gruber, almost alone in a sea of reporting, manages to mention Apple's action here may be related to Nokia's patent suit against Apple. So rewind a bit, to put this in context: - Apple accuses HTC of iPhone tech theft (2 March 2010) - Kodak prompts ITC to consider iPhone ban (18 February 2010) - Motorola seeks ban on US BlackBerries (26 January 2010) - Nokia sues Apple, says iPhone infringes ten patents (22 October 2009) One test for patents' validity is whether the company is enforcing them. With Kodak, Sony, Nokia, Motorola, RIM, and others suing one another as a business-as-usual step in licensing negotiations, the value of Apple's defensive patent portfolio at the licensing negotiation table depends in part on Apple's perceived willingness to stand behind the validity of their portfolio and enforce their patents. I'd suppose this is a signal to the marketplace not that competitors should create their own original technology, but that if they want to copy, they should license or trade. Sorry, I should have clarified that. I almost mentioned trademark law to compare and contrast. No, you don't lose the patent by not enforcing it. But you can lose the value of the patent both at the negotiating table and in the courts if there's a belief you won't enforce it or a belief you suspect it's unenforceable (e.g., if you seem to worry by using it aggressively, you could have it challenged, and lose it). First, as alluded to in the article, note the word "need": > "Perhaps it’s a by-product of the suit Apple is engaged in against (and initiated by) Nokia. Apple’s counter-suit against Nokia involves some of the same patents at play here, and perhaps Apple’s lawyers have concluded that they need to enforce them against someone like HTC in order to use them in their counter-suit against Nokia." Second, to quote a non-neutral party, note the phrase "lax attitude": > "But neglecting stick licensing has two problems. First, it results in a loss of potential royalty and damages revenues from infringed patents. Second, it undermines carrot licensing of both infringed and noninfringed patents. If an industry perceives a lax attitude on the part of a university in enforcing its patents, it will think it can infringe with impunity. Under these circumstances, taking a license would be tantamount to making a charitable gift, which few in this economic climate are inclined to do." -- Alexander Poltorak of General Patent Corporation in http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Thars+gold+in+Tham+thar+patent... When Nokia says Apple can't use GSM, or Kodak says Apple can't use picture previews, you just want them to withdraw those too? When they don't withdraw, will you just set your Mac and iPhone on a shelf till their patents expire, or would you rather have Apple jack up the price to cover licensing, or would you rather have Apple defend the products you've paid for? I don't see this as Apple's "first strike since Apple v. Microsoft". The handheld market went nuts and Apple's been dragged into an existing fray. Cross licensing among competitors has become a kind of CC hedging. Notice that the cross licensing spats involve companies with devices not software, explaining HTC and not Google. This handheld food fight has been going on a while. Apple got a few mashed potato splats to the face. It finally stood up and popped a tomato at HTC, and the rest of the kids realize it's standing there, now just a little ticked off, tossing a plump juicy red Roma in its throwing hand, with a whole pile more on the table. Asking for an injunction is saying Apple can't use Nokia's claimed technologies: http://stadium.weblogsinc.com/engadget/files/Nokia_Apple_III... Arguably, Apple's not a maker of GSM devices. "Apple bought the chips and components that use the patented technology from a licensed supplier. Nokia doesn't get to double-dip and be paid twice if Apple's suppliers have a license to use Nokia's patents and Cupertino's just buying phone components without dictating design." http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... Anyway, "suing to make Apple pay up like everyone else" seems again about wanting to hedge against Apple's disproportionate profitability per unit. --- More context on Nokia's claims that Apple is using the technology in seven patents--related to user interface, digital cameras, antennas, and power management, and to create "key features" in its products--here: http://arstechnica.com/apple/news/2009/12/nokia-hurls-new-sa... http://arstechnica.com/apple/news/2010/01/nokia-adds-additio... More on why Nokia started the fight, here: http://www.roughlydrafted.com/2009/10/22/why-nokia-is-suing-... Counter argument (it's actually not sour grapes, it's just very complicated) here: http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... > "No injunctions..." That's flat wrong. Nokia suit wasn't simply for past due royalties, and Nokia also asked for an injunction across a range of products, not just GSM. In their suit, every count says "unless enjoined by the Court" Apple will continue to infringe, and in Prayer for Relief, seeks a "permanent injunction" against "Apple's iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS, iPod Touch, iPod Nano, iPod Classic, iMac, Mac Pro, Mac Mini, MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air." (I'm disappointed they forgot the Apple TV.) http://stadium.weblogsinc.com/engadget/files/Nokia_Apple_III... Nothing "standard" about the royalties in question in Nokia v. Apple: http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... Enforcement affects perception of validity and enforceability which can matter both at negotiation and court. To quote a non-neutral party, note the phrase "lax attitude": > "Neglecting stick licensing [enforcement] has two problems. First, it results in a loss of potential royalty and damages revenues from infringed patents. Second, it undermines carrot licensing of both infringed and noninfringed patents. If an industry perceives a lax attitude on the part of a university in enforcing its patents, it will think it can infringe with impunity. Under these circumstances, taking a license would be tantamount to making a charitable gift, which few in this economic climate are inclined to do." -- Alexander Poltorak of General Patent Corporation in http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Thars+gold+in+Tham+thar+patent... 1) First, there is already a better "browser" for Kindle: http://www.instapaper.com/extras Anything that you'd want to take time to read, bookmarklet it, and each day or week Instapaper compiles a wrapup for you, reformatted to be readable on the Kindle. (Something like "Readability", but delivered wirelessly to the Kindle for reading at leisure.) Instapaper has a live reformatting engine you can use on the fly for more readable browsing as well. This WebMonkey link, for example: http://www.instapaper.com/m?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webmonkey.com... Amazon should consider acquiring Instapaper, associating themselves with making things easier to read. 2) Second, Amazon should be fixing other usability issues with the Kindle, starting with organizing books and documents in something other than a flat list. At the very least, group books by author sorted by original publication date, so it's easier to read through a series of books by a prolific author. And do this intelligently, so Patterson's co-authored books still show under Patterson. For example, Patterson's Women's Murder Club series, by various authors, actually follow a narrative arc across books, so should be read in order. The titles have numbers, so this one is easy. Other series are not as easy. Anyone that's ever logged into their control panel knows the control panel can show you your password with a button click. If you're a Rackspace customer, you trust them run your network fabric and your hardware. They don't need your password to see what you're doing, but you may as well trust them with that too. Speaking of trust -- if your machine password gives a Rackspace CSR access to your app's private data, you're just as guilty as you're accusing them of being. You're not storing your private data in the clear, are you? (As for why they might do this: Most users aren't sophisticated enough to use a password generator and manager, making "What's my password again?" a common support question. Providing the "Show me my password" function in the web control panel means a CSR doesn't have a job reason to look at it. And even if they do, cloud customers already trust Rackspace support with the reboot switch, and for that matter, with the "delete this whole image and all its backups" button.) The teens in the local chain bookstore appear to be doing homework. It's the new library. > no misspellings. odd. proper use of punctuation. strange. I'd say the writer fails the Turing test That's depressing. Meanwhile, "[space]-[space]" rather than "--" for "—" is idiosyncratic, and since HN preserves original spaces in comments, ".[space]" rather than ".[space][space]" rules a few more of us out. Looks like badly formatted blog spam taken word-for-word from: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2007/04/14/microsoft_vc-1_codec... The phrase "let's see if they're right" implies a reward, but none is apparent. Voters need to feel they're achieving some progress towards a goal, visibly refining a dataset (zeroing in), or learning something, other than just the cheery counter at top right. Otherwise you're essentially measuring how many altruistic clicks till a person gathers they won't personally benefit from clicking more. The Fox News trope in the opening line sets the tone that this is not journalism, but an opinion piece. > "To date there have been security concerns and questions identified around mint.com." Journalism should avoid using "there have been" or "some say"; such phrases signal that what comes next will be an unattributed pot shot. The first attack is on the zip code requirement. "Presumably this means Mint.com ... will not be able to effectively send you email and text alerts." On the contrary, this FUD statement was preceded by an attributed statement from Mint: "Mint.com requires your Zip code ... to determine the time zone in order to send timely alerts." If you don't give them the right time zone, your alerts will be no less effective, you just might find them more inconveniently timed. As for the more complex assertion about categorization, that's because business names are local. A business named "Scissors" might be a tailor in my zip, and a salon in yours. Of course it will be hard to correctly categorize when the locale is unknown. Interestingly, when I reached the end of the article, I saw this reason was clearly provided by the employee, but not mentioned in the article. Mint wrote that the ZIP "allows the Service to provide you with accurate automated categorization of your spending by improving our ability to identify merchants both nationally and locally." I use these as labels to auto-file registrations in Gmail, and I've seen a few anti-patterns: 1. Reject at data entry even though they make me type it twice and they're going to do a round-trip click-to-verify. Too many to name fail this way. 2. Accept at data entry, convert it to a space (+ on URL means space). Pray that the login routine accepts an email address with a space (it probably won't). Tirerack fails this way. 3. Accept at data entry, then fail to create the account in other internal systems. Allow login using the +, but once logged in, data from internal systems is unavailable, and the portal errors in unusual ways. VMWare fails this way. Failing using anti-pattern 1 is preferable to pattern 2 (replace with space then fail login) or 3 (accept and allow login but fail to interoperate with other systems internally). After 45+ emails and calls about anti-pattern 3 over 18 months, VMWare still hasn't successfully delivered a VMWare license to me. By now they're on version 3 (a free upgrade if v2 was bought recently) but still haven't delivered me version 2 or 3. Next email, perhaps I should send them raganwald's article. // EDIT: Added Tirerack. Conceivably, if asked as a science question: "How many fingers does a gorilla have on each hand?" One might hear, in English, "Four fingers and a thumb." Otherwise, as a native English speaker, when asked "How many figures do you have?" I'm answering "ten". Needs to be a web server you have enough control of to set caching headers for the files in question. If you have enough control of the web server hosting your site, blog, etc., that's fine. For iPhone it's dead simple to turn an HTML5 app into a native app to get into the app store (see Bank of America's banking app which is HTML versus Citibank's app which is native). There are even kits to help with that: http://www.tuaw.com/2009/05/27/nimblekit-native-iphone-apps-... The point of an HTML5 app is that (a) you can use DHTML+JS to develop it, and (b) you can bypass the app store to deliver it. In an ideal world, neither the content owner nor the neophyte end user should even have to know, while power users get choice. We've been quietly offering a player stack for months now: generally HTML5 > Silverlight > QT > Flash. Customers and viewers are delighted when the video plays on nearly anything w/o any extra effort. ("How'd you get this to work on my phone?!?") Looks like our next step is using the HTML5 video tag as a placeholder for progressive enhancement though a better term for this use might be legacy enhancement. We want it to "just work" for most users, but let power users select the player that works best on their system (eg., hardware decoding support). Choice of player should be at least as available as choice of video card for enthusiasts, and preferably as easy as choice of TV set for anyone. This isn't HTML5 marketing, and proprietary and open are not polar opposites. HTML5 offers a new "video" tag syntax that doesn't specify what file container (think .flv or .mp4) or codec (think VP6 or H.264) must be able to be played by that video tag. Flash Player, Windows Media Player, QuickTime Player, and the like, are multimedia playback technologies that can be embedded in a web page using an object or embed tag, each with its own complicated syntax the web browser can try to support. The HTML5 video tag is intended to replace that generic object embed syntax with something more rationally video-specific. Meanwhile, H.264 is a compression algorithm specification, like MPEG4, VC-1, or VP6. Flash Player used to decode and playback On2's proprietary VP6 codec, which only a couple vendors were licensed to support. That was not "open" at all. At present, Microsoft's IE9, Google's Chrome, and Apple's Safari play back H.264-encoded video through the video tag, and Adobe plays back H.264 encoded video in its recent Flash Players. These companies famously compete, yet all are supporting the same video compression specification, suggesting it's documented enough and licensed enough to freely support. Having to generate an Ogg file containing Theora encoded video to make the HTML5 video tag work across the major browsers is a throwback to the days of having to generate a RealMedia, Windows Media, and QuickTime file. Web video needs to pick a format so the whole ecosystem can optimize around it. A careful reading of your link seems to support parent's comment. It's a disinfographic. And where are books? Copy says "less than 5% of retail sales" is online, and graphic shows sectors all at 2% or under. What sectors bring the split back up to 5%? > S3 ... doesn't provide any kind of protection. S3 offers privacy protections with the ability to require an expiring token in the URL. The theory is the web site should authenticate a user, and only generate a valid token for that user (for a fuzzy definition of "that" user) that works only for a limited time. > The web has made producers of us all. Not even close, and the imbalance between creators of content and consumers of content on the web is growing every day. > If the iPad is just another consumer platform for consuming and not creating content, then it will just be another way to watch TV or listen to music or download information. Convenient, yes, but just another device. The iPad is not a TV or an iPod. It's already a two way device. > To be something different, the iPad must not be just a delivery platform but a creative one, offering professionals and amateurs an opportunity to create a unique experience with interactive media. The device isn't creative. A piano isn't creative. An iPad isn't creative. The iPhone has Ocarina, or Layers, or Everyday Looper, and so on. There's no reason to think the iPad won't run such apps, and better. More importantly, most people don't think of themselves as "creatives", but there is content they do want to create and share such as email and photos or Facebook statuses. The iPad makes that easier than ever. iPad lets anyone easily express themselves to their social circle. PS. Speaking as a former Hypercard programmer, seems to me something as simple as iWeb can meet casual "info app" creator needs, while HTML5 + Canvas feels like today's Hypercard on steroids: http://www.canvasdemos.com/ > There is nothing software-intensive about creating a book. The hard part is typing it in. (If you don't have a keyboard, that is.) What about dictation? "Even novelists, working in a form so very written, have needed to write by voice. Stendhal dictated “The Charterhouse of Parma” in seven weeks. An impoverished Dostoyevsky had just six weeks to deliver the manuscript of “The Gambler” or face complete ruin. He hired a stenographer, knocked the book out in four weeks, then married the girl." From "How to Speak a Book", http://www.nytimes.com/2007/01/07/books/review/Powers2.t.htm... (I'm amazed by the accuracy of Dragon Dictation on the iPhone.) > I argue that we are all becoming content creators - the content isn't groundbreaking - it's just that some of us aren't reaching an audience because we're just saying "Hello, World". Enjoyed your comment. Perhaps we're saying the same thing: self-expression, democratized. What an apt username! I agree. I hope the iPad feels as accessible as finger painting, albeit less messy: http://michael.terretta.com/an-information-appliance-for-the... This was a curious piece to read, since so much of computing usability is about getting a device to meet the expectations within its users' mental model. The DropBox comment and Xmarks comment, the "my writing tools" comment, and the "two desktops" comment, suggest the author's mental model doesn't match the iPad's approach and that proved a stumbling block. But the author is Dave Winer, "the father of blogging and RSS", who knows a thing or two about how things work. So is the problem that his preconceptions are well informed and defined? "Don’t ask for help from others on how to solve a problem. Solve it yourself first then ask for opinions on your solution." If this means don't constantly pester the programmer in the next cubicle, I agree. If this means re-invent the wheel instead of searching for how the problem may have been solved in the past, I strongly disagree. In my experience, the "best" programmers are the ones most adept at searching for an existing solution. This appears to help them solve typical problems faster, and all the approaches they're exposed to while searching make them personally able to more quickly solve a broader array of problems than those who beat their heads against the wall till the wall bleeds a solution. As on Fox News, for every opinion one can find a counterpoint. This particular counterpoint does more damage than good in the age of TL;DR. I'd rather read the writings of 'an educated person who knows they feel vaguely anxious and insecure whenever they write "however" or "than me" or "was" or "which,"' than the incoherence of someone who thinks grammar is pointless. I often see this counterpoint cited, but never its conclusion about "the overopinionated and underinformed little book that put so many people in this unhappy state of grammatical angst. I've spent too much of my scholarly life studying English grammar in a serious way. English syntax is a deep and interesting subject. It is much too important to be reduced to a bunch of trivial don't-do-this prescriptions." There's Drivers' Ed, and then there's Skip Barber Racing School. That experts learn more doesn't mean novices should learn less. So far, the live blogging is sounding as though certain types of things will use Apple code to run those types of things in the background (eg., audio streaming, answering events, etc.). Hopefully this isn't going to allow apps to just run any random equivalent of a tight loop of their own (memory chewing CPU and battery consuming) design. I'd also like a reverse chronology notification history that pops up from tapping on the click. A better analogy, since even non-musicians can hear the difference, would be Apple banning from iTunes any General Midi 1.0 song covers recorded using Sound Blaster cards with FM/OPL-3 chips, but still allowing music from Kraftwerk to Imogen Heap. Apps--or music--made with limited construction kits tend towards sameness: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pablum (In that sense, both Ableton and GarageBand could be considered construction kits, so perhaps a better analogy would be if iTunes banned sequenced music, only allowing music musicians personally play?) Who writes the checks makes the rules, and ultimately, for apps, it's consumers that write the checks and consumers that benefit from this change. Consumers don't write Facebook's checks, companies like Offerpal do: http://www.businessinsider.com/offerpal-coincidentally-repla... So the differences between Apple's users' data policies and Facebook's become clearer. Meanwhile, to receive the money, obey the rules. It's simple. Jean-Louis Gassée (born March 1944 in Paris, France) was an executive at Apple Computer from 1981 to 1990. He is most famous for founding Be Inc., creators of the BeOS computer operating system. After leaving Be, he became Chairman of PalmSource, Inc. in November, 2004. > Just think about it on an airplane. I could load it up with movies and watch for an entire flight, thanks to the iPad's excellent battery life. Of course, because of the lousy keyboard I can't use it in place of a laptop, so I would have to carry the iPad and my MacBook. How is it that, for years, I've pined for a lighter laptop, and now I'm considering carrying an extra pound-and-a-half just to watch videos on an airplane? Or, don't. The iPad goes with you into the seat. Apple's wireless bluetooth keyboard goes in your carry-on, and stays there until the hotel room desk where you might actually do some typing. The rest of your business trip, the iPad lets you reference things, make minor edits, show Keynote on a VGA projector, and keep up with email and news. (And for printing at the client's location, you do the same thing with your iPad you do with your "real" laptop: email the client the file for them to print because their IT won't let your laptop see their printer queue.) After a careful reading of the article, Facebook shot down developers/apps with Facebook in the name or using the Facebook icon. I would assume this is in response to the horrifically bad "Facebook Ultimate" app that was top in social paid apps on iPad launch day: [1] http://www.allfacebook.com/2010/04/fake-ipad-facebook/ [2] http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/facebook/7560417/Unoff... I'd read the reviews to see how the 7th highest app had a single star -- all were excoriating. But people saw the icon and name and clicked Buy in droves. Facebook did the right thing by putting a kibosh on it and any others that might come up with a search for Facebook or spotted with a Facebook "f" icon. Apple is one of the ones that takes that accountability seriously, monitors and requires compliance from its vendors: http://www.chinacsr.com/en/2009/07/17/5713-apple-admits-its-... Year after year stories like this appear, headlined, "OMG, Apple's bad labor practices", ignoring that unlike Martha Stewart et al., this labor news comes from Apple's own audits and public reports. At the time, e-commerce had only just become legal . Yes, the number in your headline isn't formatted in a way expected for a USD value. When seeing a figure like "$xxx,xx" it seems, to an American, that the ones digit must be missing ("$xxx,xxx"). The bobblehead congress app was rejected for ridicule of public figures as well ( http://blogs.zdnet.com/Apple/?p=5203 ) getting "Tom Richmond, of Mad Magazine fame" a lot of press. Deliberate or not, this is a good PR stunt for the cartoonists to get coverage. The fart apps guys did this too. The process (submit app in violation of guidelines, tip off press, enjoy web-wide mentions and increased linkage) is replicable. I'm partial to the GoldTouch keyboards: http://www.goldtouch.com/p-133-goldtouch-for-mac-adjustable-... Because they're close enough to the regular keyboards, while offering both the split (match natural forearm angle) and the tilt (match natural forearm rotation) to better align natural wrist position. I also like that they ditch the numeric keyboad, so I can put the Kensington ExpertMouse just to the right of the return key and not have to move my hand as far. Two documents with two hands in two languages. That's one doc, hand, and language per lobe. That anecdote fits in this article's model. Surprisingly? What, people thought it could only be used to run approved apps? "This sort of app should not have been rejected in the first place — shouldn’t even have been considered borderline. Resubmission and hoping for a different reviewer sometimes works in cases like this, but at this point, there’s no way for us to know whether Fiore is getting reconsidered only because of the publicity stink. It’s possible that it really is Apple’s policy to reject any app related to political satire. It’s also possible that it is not. That’s the core problem — that we don’t know." — http://daringfireball.net/linked/2010/04/16/fiore-resubmit When you say "format", do you mean file container or video codec? Most people mean codec. In that case, Flash (and Adobe) doesn't have a format to destroy. Meanwhile, Microsoft's work in this area over the past 13 years with the WMV family of codecs has been extraordinary, coaxing more quality from a given bitrate needing less CPU to play back than any other commercially viable codec. That's why WMV codecs work on so many consumer devices, even phones. VC1 is remarkably good, only just recently challenged by H.264 encoding's most recent optimizations. Meanwhile, if you meant file container, Microsoft's recent player technologies such as Silverlight support H.264 in .mp4 containers, as do recent Flash Player versions. With all Windows machines supporting .WMV container and VC-1 codec, Macs still shipping with a Windows Media Player or able to play it in any QT app using Flip4Mac, Linux players supporting it "out of the box", and both Sony PS3 and MSFT Xbox playing it, not to mention most every consumer device and set top box -- if you want to send someone a video that just works, then .WMV using WMV3 or VC1 has been a decent bet. Your newer best bet for sending a file is .mp4 with H.264/AAC, which is played by Flash Player 9 Update, Silverlight, QuickTime, VLC, etc., and more recent Windows systems. For embedding in the web, stats say Flash is your best bet, but those stats apply to VP6 codec which looks terrible and most people don't know how to play locally and doesn't work for HD. So your best bet for embedding is .MP4 with H.264/AAC with an HTML5 tag, and inside that tag a Silverlight player embed, and inside that tag a Flash player embed, and inside that a download link for the .mp4 file.