Excellent work! Thanks also for responsible behavior on the pending flaws. Sorry, but this is a joke. The internet was indeed invented in Europe, but you have to acknowledge the inventors, not some unrelated causes. normally ted nelson is cited as most important cause. the early inventions were http and www in geneve, cern and in parallel hyper media browsing (htp and integrated browsers) at the tu graz. Not yet indexed by Play Store, but can be found by going to the http url. Oops, the problem is: My 2 T-Mobile HTC 4G phones are not compatible with this app. Neither T-Mobile Samsung SGH-T679, and Vodaphone Samsung GT-I9000. Only works on Asus Nexus 7. Guess it will not turn out as killer app then. This suggests other fixes, such as apk sizes http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10475954/why-does-the-goo... Because US tech companies still use MS Windows and their employers may use Facebook and Gmail on their PCs. Easy as that The boss wants putty, the user can edit .ssh/config by himself already. I especially chose code.google.com over github. After the SourceForge troubles I thought, this is a big company, which will not go away soon. I can trust them hosting my repos there. In comparison to github. But unfortunately github turned out to improve their stack constantly in contrast to googlecode, and now it seems they are also turning down downloads, though that would be a feature that is much cheaper for them to support than for github. It's minimum support cost, their bandwidth is free and almost unlimited. bad bad bad. I start to regret my decision. Though really, binary downloads for open source projects make not much sense nowadays. Compile from source or leave it to a distro. So, if windows users cannot deal with open source they should get it from closed source. The binary distros do exist. mingw or cygwin even have graphical UIs. Not a googlecode problem. I hate to provide binary dll's for lazy windows users. windows compilers are free nowadays. I can wholeheartely recommend this tool. With tsan I found a lot of races in parrot threads, which I didn't detect in months before. Those were all real issues. http://blogs.perl.org/users/rurban/2012/08/threadsanitizer.h... Welcome to micromanagement to its extreme So Turkey is helping preparing the first strike tomorrow morning. The UN inspectors are out finally, the chemical theatre took place again, and finally they strike can begin. Reportedly Saturday until Wednesday. The not-social encumbered myopenid bows down to social login's only. This is an interesting decision in the light of recent steps back from social login's over privacy misuses. There is a great potential for new services, which do not misuse globally trackable social logins. But I cannot find his previous open-sourced tool anymore, UNA. Now I'm only waiting for ZeroBrane to integrate the profiler into the IDE and LUA beats the rest by far. I'll try to integrate the profiler and debugging API into the lua derived potion and p2 as well. Dynamic and static parsing is different to just calling eval within the parser. "Dynamic parsing problems" such as solving the halting problem, by e.g. changing the prototypes or eval'ing code in BEGIN blocks are just small practical problems. In practice the parser only has to be GC-safe, which needs a few days work. | BEGIN b:block { p2_eval(P, b) } On the other hand the "dynamic vs static parsing" on perl11.org talks about compiling and extending parser rules at run-time, which needs a fast vm to do this. To be able to support macros. Not perl5, perl6 or nqp. Efficiency should be near the C level, but you shouldn't be forced to go the rakudo way with its insane bootstrapping and serialization overhead just to support BEGIN blocks in its stdlib and support run-time parsing. The JVM or .NET could do that, but I don't buy the overhead, esp. when you look at fast parser combinators in lua, lisp or look at maru, which is basically a jitting parser, bootstrapping itself. The author p2 because of perl11: 1+1=2 And 2 as the next perl, because it should solve the p5 problem, being not extendable and improvable. And the p6 vm problem being not fast enough, and being tied to inadequate vm's and mops. This is the idea at least. The p2 goal is to use as much non-conflicting p6 syntax within p5, and mark conflicting parts in special lexically scoped syntax blocks. But data and methods should be shared, the ast, compiler, vm, threads and event model ditto. Syntax blocks also allow easier ffi and sql interaction, { use syntax "C"; c declarations ... } being a nice FFI language, compared to "extern { c decls; ... }", which is also nice. We want to use efficient signatures, methods, classes, tasks, coros, promises, hyper operators, types, lazy lists and so in perl, regardless if you call it p5, p6 or p2. Yes, the crazy numbering numbering scheme is an inside joke. First we had the endless perl7 discussion just skipping over 6 and show some artifical progress in 5. Next came the moe folks (p5-mop in a new vm) who registered perl8.org as domain pointing to scala. Then came Ingy with the 5+6=11 idea. Whow $ zcat ~/Downloads/static.log.gz | perl -lne'if (m/ 200 (\d+)/) { print $1 }'|sort |uniq -c 390 0 523 10881 639 12479 16276 1279 178111 2602 1 4071 14 4072 63 4801 112 4812 9431 5097 27654 5821 110 5911 1348 6008 162 7884 256 8278 568 9035 1103 9634 That's a lot of changes Finally a proof that New Yorkers are more stupid than anyone else. They cannot predict the speed of approaching vehicles and thus have to be protected from such vehicles. I wonder how the city council found proof for that claim. I also hate those Deletionists who have no clue about what they are talking about, use no real names, but still are allowed to make decisions like this. In open source you could fork it, but unfortunately this doesn't work like this in Wikipedia. I dared to recreate it. May those uninformed deletionists come again. So far the new/old page got one positive review. True header. Don't write code first. First write the docs to understand the problem domain from the other side, the user, and come up with a better API. Then write the tests to support this API you came up with, and help structuring the code into small testable units. And lastly write the code. The business model needs not to be written, it must be simple enough to stay in your head and explain it to anybody in two sentences anyway. I always consider Spike Lee as technically worst filmmaker working today, and wondered who on earth did he get to rights for the Oldboy remake. He cannot even get the simpliest things right, and I wonder how often the DP needs to help him adjusting the shooting plan, tell him that he crossed the line and adjusted angles, and how much the editor has to fix. And we have to see the results. But with the Oldboy remake you would need a master, not an amateur with a hyper ego. Anyway, I decided to skip that desaster last year already. And now we see that he is also in other departments one of the lowest. Unrealistic. He has the last word on the posters being choosen. He already chose these posters, but was told that the guy asked for money. It was his decision to rip him off. He is the producer also. The controversy already started when we heard that Spike Lee (!), the amateur who doesn't even know the simpliest technical film skills got the rights. A similar controversy arose when M. Night Shyamalan sat on the rights for "Life of Pi" for a few years, but was ultimately replaced by Ang Lee. The only one who could master such a job. With the Oldboy remake it was clear from the beginning that it would lead to a desaster, but apparently the studio owed Spike Lee a big favor. Of course I agree with Dekorte. Having written compilers written in perl, C and LISP - the ones in perl in pure OO, and the ones in C and LISP without, I conclude that I rather add classes and methods to my compilers than trying to improve it without. In the one written in C, classes are supported by the intermediate VM though (dynamically typed, very similar to Io), which is still better than having to write it in horrible C++. Google is going now after DOD (defense = war) contracts? This is frightening indeed. asan being less feature complete than memcheck is arguably wrong. if you look at their feature overview https://code.google.com/p/address-sanitizer/wiki/ComparisonO... you'll see that they do detect stack oob and global oob (buffer overflows), and some use after return. being 10-20x faster also helps, that rarely someones uses valgrind (we found a lot of bugs even valgrind would have detected, if someone would have tried), but you can ship betas compiled with asan. Again he is spinning/lying about the word "collecting". Their interpretation of collection is still collecting + looking at it, while the rest of world still interprets collection as collection. Countermeasure: plastic http://eyebloc.com/ or just a small piece of paper on a tape, which looks better. http://hospitalityrisksolutions.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/... commonly called the bus factor. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bus_factor I believe we heard that some months before already. The biggest problem is IMHO their libcrypto still being used in Java and MS Windows. Interesting interview: - He obviously speaks german now quite fluently, so I assume he will stay in Berlin, in a much safer country. - Obviously the CIA still tries to get hands on the Snowden data to know how much and what exactly the journalists have, to be prepared. So they still don't have this information. This could eventually lead to better NSA reforms, as they still have to fear the worst. Yes: > The anger that motivated the writing of the Cookbook blinded me to the illogical notion that violence can be used to prevent violence. I see, right. Perl objects are even bigger and need one indirection per access. A perl head is 32 bytes plus 48 byte body, ie. 80byte on 64bit systems. For my perl rewrite p2 I need one single word per object on the stack. Common Lisps usually needs two words, the class pointer and the tagged value. I really liked the visualization of the various GC's btw. Excellent work! The important number is the avg pause time. Here with ruby 2.1 7ms for a minor and 58ms for a major sweep for a typical ~500K heap app. In my potion-based GC (a stack-scanning, compacting, cheney two-finger GC) the avg GC needs 3ms, but it's not concurrent (multi-threaded) yet. All of these can be considered real-time, i.e. The best java GC I found needed 150ms pause time. Good lisp's have real-time GCs. Ok, so let's agree on 6 years. In the EU had lifetime plus 30 years. The 70 years came from the US movie industry and was forced upon us. Excuse me? Do you have no idea what right the TSA has and how the TSA abuses their rights? Besides being highly overpaid and highly ineffective as mentioned by the Israeli airport security chief recently. Only in 3rd world countries like the US and some of the worst parts of Africa and Asia you have to wait over 1hr in the line on average, and it's better to avoid the worst airports, like Detroit, Chicago, Minneapolis, Atlanta or Newark at all to fly in from abroad. Paris CDG (de Gaulle), Heathrow, Rome and Istanbul are the worst in Europe and you still cannot compare it to any airport in the US when flying in. I don't think that the president has the effective power to do any harm to the security apparatus. He didn't even try so far, though it was rumored that he might go Bulworth some day. They probably have too much power and info over him. But at least he is still alive. JFK tried too but was eliminated by them, and afterwards only the Church committee tried to limit their power a bit, but not their budgets. The fact the Obama completely turned 180° on all security and constitutional matters from his senate times should tell you. The first and second act are quite plausible, but Jonze complelety blew it in the third, by introducing her crush on the influental hippie buddhist philosopher ("The Way of Zen") Alan Watts. Using AI to discuss jealousy and modern relations ships is too off. Agreed. The potion/QISH implementation of the two-finger cheney loop is extremely efficient even without register values (volatile), typically 3ms pause time on a mid-sized heap. Compare that to typical java or ruby pause times, starting from 25ms to typically 150-250ms. You need more memory though, as in most lisps it's using copying, i.e. compacting, not just simple mark&sweep. Incremental is doable, but you need to add GC state then, which is a bit tricky in threads. Actually libgc is pretty good. The US is in state of emergency, essential martial law since March 9, 1933. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_of_emergency#Ongoing Surprisingly shadow article for someone like Walter Bright. Just some basic recommendations, but nothing practical? No links to books, parsers, implementations? The easiest start would be "Compiler Construction using Flex and Bison" by Anthony A. Aaby, available as free pdf, and for adding LLVM to the mix the link would be: http://gnuu.org/2009/09/18/writing-your-own-toy-compiler/ There needs much more to be said, e.g. links to such languages which were written in a day and are not necessarily lisp or scheme. That would be too easy. I find it very naive to believe that the FBI agent filled out the form incorrectly. Looks like a bad excuse to me to get over that issue finally. It rather looks like that she was put on the list just because of an overzealous agent who didn't want to risc anything or maybe mixed up her name. And he didn't care to put that back, esp. after she complained. So they played the national security game for a while. How can government agencies still can get away with accusing someone of "theft" and accessing a "private computer" and "private documents" when they just publish documents on the web, and the public is consuming them? The fact that there was a HTTPAUTH protected login page in some up path on the site does not infer that the documents should have been protected. They are or they are not. And they looked legit, i.e. public. Esp. with government documents you are safe to assume that they are public, if they are public and look public. Given the latest news it is also very likely that the FBI with the help of some other government cyber-crime unit raided Silk Road 2. You will see it only when the thieves will try to sell or exchange the bitcoins. The FBI won't do, and it will be in the news sooner and later.