Here's to $10T by 2023 I think it matters more to be independent. And getting people's attention without truckloads of money is hard nowadays This doesn't really need to be debated. It's weird that there are no large-scale anti-aging projects going on in the world. The US has e.g. the BRAIN initiative, and EU runs the HBP (both with little revolutionary output) , but a large scale Longevity initiative has not been created. There is nothing "Dynamic" about a website like imgur.com or twitter.com or reddit.com. They are megabytes of javascript heavy and are things you check every once in a while, not things that change before your eyes. I find twitter's 'new tweets' popups annoying and in any case i refresh the page because it s already too heavy from too much infinite-scrolling Just think of the terrabytes of wasted bandwidth, there s like 60 spaces in those strings Common experiences and struggles make friends. Like in the army. This is true at any age,but more pronouned right after university because there is a huge slump in the friendmaking potential. We need more shared experiences. How can we help? just finished struggling with my bank's redesign, because apparently transations needs to be infinitely scrolled in chunks of 5 Heat Relatively small potatoes > that allow the rich to prevent themselves from being taxed by their home countries That is a big list of entire countries if you include legal persons in the definition What do we know about winner take all phenomena from biology? How do they work in a petri dish? I laugh when these "brave new age" practices find their way to academia, where they actively interfere with every step of the intentionally perpetually-unfinished, half-assed, single-use software that they make. But why are s/w developers worried? As long as tons of advertising money find their way into glorified blogs, they will get paid, no matter how much complexity they invent to justify their workload. and why is low budget bad any term taken from the 50% of diversity can fill that blank. i think they are referring to the cancellous but ostensibly tolerant culture yes that s a good example. "being proud to be black" is diverse, being proud to be white is not. There is definitely a level of doublespeak here, although i'm not sure if teens are really annoyed by it How is spotify going to avoid becoming another amazin? Not a surprise, but > A lot of people jump into the tenure track from outside of the tenure track, from industry for instance That would be surprising if significant likely. they do have extensive underwear and sex toy collections and their prices are very low compared to shops in europe that sell the same stuff way overpriced Well from the structure of our brain of course I 'm not sure why people call it burnout. People adapt and get bored, learning new languages is exciting the first 3 times, a horrible chore at 11. Any intellectually demanding job will lead to mental fatigue, but it s not like people are burnt, we do our best when we do exciting stuff. Many youtubers use youtube to reach out to friends or make friends. For younger generations using the media as antidote to loneliness is more common. Unfortunately all the media rot after a sweet period What is there left to do? none of us can know that Right now people are living a honeymoon moment for remote work , because it's not just remote, it's asyncrhonous. But as management is coming to terms with the reality of permanent remote, they will start using virtual tools that allow them to have a synchronous overview of what is happening. Something like working in second life or whatever zuck's Sims will look like. That shift to synchronous is going to make remote slighty more unpleasant (but still preferable) Young people are much more lonely and isolated. Partly demographic decline, partly culture. They have a longing for connection as always though, and they find it online Memetism, apes like apeing each other, it's why we have classes of all kinds Lol. The only links in the article are reddit, discord and ... Paul graham's tweets. So much for discovering new things What if he was a virtual teacher or 'life coach' 'risk perception' sounds like another name for fear. Maybe we ve proven to be good at preventing the wrong things. People expected a climate disaster but it was a pandemic instead Luck is something that can be improved > when crypto doesn’t have the protections of regular banking and investments Coinbase is not 'crypto' though. Nobody's coins go down if one exchange crashes, unless they are careless enough to leave them there. The real problem is that cryptocoins are hard to use , and so exchanges are used as banks (they shoudn't) . But that is something that tech can fix I 'd like to see airbnb move to long-term rentals. isn't that true for basically any website these days? spinner gifs are the trademark of this decade The four horsemen strike again. I think i 'll let this one pass. People should be inconvenienced enough to learn to use uncensorable platforms. my north faces have lasted more than decade and are easier to clean. other than that i do not understand anything from this video tl;dr: wordpress went from 41.2% to 42.9% in a year - undeniably shrinking i dont know if it means anything - the tech didnt go away what happened was tech was wildly profitable and became overvalued. tons of capital is invested in US tech stocks thats why compensations are through the roof. but the stock inflation did not reflect technological progress, but rather too much capital, both printed us dollars and foreign capital (europe has no tech sector worth investing in sadly). Companies seemed to care more about making bank from an IPO than making actual money. That is going to change now, and we ll have to see some actual moneymaking tech. It's also been at least 10 years now that HN is all about bloated frameworks that make tech dumb-proof but not more capable. i hope this will end now as well I don't know why i think it is a good thing that these ambivalent coins are being extinguished? It is catharsis to realize that bitcoin cannot be compatible and coexist with legacy fiat systems i m not talking about bitcoin but about "stablecoins". I think this whole shakeup is good for bitcoin Does twitter have a community? My use case for it is that of an RSS reader. I thought reddit was for community I will expect more people to mock this decade of extreme marketingspeak that was funded with fake money and fat investor pockets. The people doing the mocking will lead the next wave of tech growth No. A bunch of ultra-rich VCs were bored of having too much money and pumped up a crazy web3 thing. This was their "Squid Game" moment where they create the games and put millions of clueless kids to run like rats around their pyramid schemes. I somehow wish the VCs would lose their money instead of millions of kids. this came off as sincere, so congrats. Most of the things that offer us value are not paid for that. Most of the internet runs on PHP as a bootstrap user i agree yes, central limit theorem you dont only lose the ability to listen to something when your earbuds are dead , you also lose FM radio It's like mediterranean with skyscrapers 69 degrees? This is more sane than if it went through. If he really wants a microblog he can build it for $1b or buy substack. I guess we'll find out more at 6/9 bots are not fake, they can be useful accounts. I have one that still works, another kept being taken down so i stopped reinstating it. To say that twitter is ran by schoolchildren would be understatement