That site has 30 million (base 27) digits of Pi. I used a dump of the first 5 trillion digits, and am now submitting prior art to all software patent trolls. I still use a typewriter. It's quicker to just bang out an address on an envelope than it is to load the sticky labels into the printer, open the word processor, type the address, then print it. but this does seem expensive. Like Boeing engineers sign off their own work when they're building aircraft. The test problem is well known in electronics manufacturing. When ISO900x and TQM etc is done right test & inspection are useful. No-one serious minds that a business complies with correctly formed legal requests. (And it's tricky for people in the UK facing the might of US law.) What's annoying is the disconnect between saying "We help you avoid censorship" and "we comply with correctly formed law enforcement documents". It's a bit like Hushmail. Compare their new advice to customers about how Hushmail will comply with law enforcement; to the point of creating new malicious Java software and pushing that out secretly to the 'target' / 'victim' to compromise their communication. Hushmail states all this clearly, allowing new customers to make an informed choice. > and that ultimately, we just want to give people ads that they don't hate (for some reason this is called "selling data to advertisers"). As an aside: I'm happy with ad supported stuff. I never run any ad-blocking extensions or hide my data. But still many ads are lousy. Any chance of a HN karma style thing to vote up / down ads? ("I hate this ad, it makes me want to leave the page -1", vs "I don't hate this ad, whether I click it or not +/- 0" vs "I like this ad whether or not I click it +1") And I always like websites that allow paying members to turn off ads. Clown.zip listed here? ( http://cd.textfiles.com/powerpakgold/FILES_RA/FILES.2 ) and downloady here? ( http://cd.textfiles.com/powerpakgold/ANIMAT/ ) Michael Gove is the one who talks about "Newton's laws of thermodynamics", so what did the OP expect? ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/education/2011/jun/18/michael-gove... ) People here will know more than most the strong history of computing that Britain has. Significant contributions to many areas of computing have come from Britain. Just computer games in the UK is a huge industry. The OP thought that there is a lack of programming experienced by young people. Other people agree; see Raspberry Pi project for an example. IT in English schools is pretty poor, there's some simplistic "How to use a word processor, how to use a spreadsheet" but nothing in depth. Skills used in programming overlap many other areas of learning. Gather information; reduce the problem; attack each part; plan it out; step it through; iterate. The UK has some scarily poor implementations of big IT projects. Hugely late, over budget, broken - and those are the ones that make it to completion. (Although I welcome any information about the good systems.) We as a nation desperately need people who can program. Not just regular web / app / desktop programming, but also low quantity high quality machine shop style CNC / Pick and Place / etc manufacturing. The fact that the department gave a useless reply is no surprise, but is disappointing. Bing tv adverts suggested that Google wasn't providing user friendly search results. So maybe there is some huddle of people who just can't cope with Google? Was pyrex a company name? Pyrex == latin pyro + rex == fire king. The article needs some graphs, or some other visualisations. Version control for schematics is cool. I don't really get what they're saying with "visual diffs". Normal practice is to have a side-bar with a list of differences between versions. That makes it pretty clear what was added or removed. Using colours kind of fails because (for just a two sided PCB) you have two copper sides, one (maybe two) component sides, and these already use a bunch of different colour. Whatever you do with "visual diffs" needs to work in monochrome - you have people working with traditional blueprints, or with mono printers. Heck, you still (in the 21st century!) have people using fax machines. This all sounds really negative, but it isn't. It's a great idea, I just hope they can make it work. But re-inventing things that already exist is also sub-optimal. Why create a font, why not use an existing standard? Also, having a list of the icons together with their labels made it easy for me to know what they meant. Some of those icons would be baffling to me if they didn't have a label. I could be convinced that extra visual clutter is a good thing, but some designer is going to have to give a nice example. I don't want to be the "Let's make an open source version; it'd only take a weekend" guy, but why doesn't someone else do a good social bookmark site? What's stopping someone from providing the features that are missing in new delicious? Also, "stem to stem" should be "stem to stern" - I don't know why stuff like that bothers me so much, but it does. The promoted comments are usually worth reading. The first few times I saw them I made the mistake of trying to read the rest. They were still awful. Adam Buxton and Bug ( http://www.bugvideos.co.uk/ ) have a great thing where he reads YouTube videos. ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx-WBaSNrTQ ) I'm a bit confused. The architecture is just abstracted away. Why does a programmer care if it's optical or DNA or whatever? See, for a less extreme example, the tools that people use to develop for a single x86 vs CUDA vs massive clusters vs huge FPGA clusters vs ARM vs etc etc. I honestly think that revolutionary architecture will just lead to some new libraries and dev tools which get kludged onto existing dev systems. But I welcome more information because I know I could be horribly wrong. Helping your customers understand what they actually want to buy is part of selling, surely? Things are made trickier by PHBs in the client company claiming that everything is mission critical and that they can never ever have any downtime ever for any reason. Educating these people about, for example, just how flaky email and dns can be is important for your sanity. See, for example, these couple of posts from a Microsoft public newsgroup ten years ago: ( https://groups.google.com/group/microsoft.public.backoffice.... ) ( https://groups.google.com/group/microsoft.public.backoffice.... ) Some customers are clueless, but at least they care about the data. IE on mac was created by a different team, and was very different form IE on Windows. It was a popular browser. I have still to find anyone who actually used any of the IEs that MS released for Unix. This is a staggering statistic: "By 1830, the film informs us, the average American male over the age of 15 was consuming the equivalent of 88 bottles of whiskey a year." That makes prohibition a lot more understandable. Not acceptable! Just easier to understand why desperate people thought desperate measures were needed. As a bit of noodling: ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=population+of+US+in+183... ) the US had about 12 million people in 1830. Life expectancy is here: ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=life+expectancy+in+US+i... ) If we say that 3 million people were drinking 50 bottles of whiskey each per year that's 150 million bottles. If each bottle is half a litre that's 75 million litres. It takes about 100 kg grain to make about 80 litres. 75m / 80 * 100 == 93,750,000 kg grain. That's about 90,000 imperial tons of grain. It takes about 250 labour-hours to produce 100 bushels of wheat. ( http://www.agclassroom.org/gan/timeline/farm_tech.htm ) That's, uh, my conversions are failing now. ( http://www.interstock.ru/0obuch/conversion.pdf ) okay, I give up. I was trying to see roughly how many people and acres it would take to fuel an 1830 population of 15 year olds at 50 bottles a week. The gigabytes of wiki meta stuff will be fascinating for the future people. "Ghod almighty," they will say, "look at the hours and hours they spent talking about absolute nonsense!". Personally I'd put particle physics (esp LHC) in the list in place of wikipedia. Lists of fictional ducks and every Essex bus timetable for the last three years isn't that inspiring to me. I love to see this level of investigation. It's a great shame that there's not really any programme of funding or support to encourage hacking like this. Hopefully people will dig around in cupboards / attics / basements to find more hardware. I usually find that ( http://meatballwiki.org/wiki/ ) has already talked about anything to do with online communities, and has probably covered it better. This post is brutal. _Sorry_ in advance. Feel free to ignore it. (But I suggest, in a friendly way, that you read the link provided at the end.) >you it’s wears. Possessive its has no apostrophe. And that should be "wares", not "wears". This next sentence is where I stopped reading. >Procedures and doing things in the right and expected order, is in my opinion, is paramount to making work easier for everyone, so I’ll also be addressing that issue. Repeated "is" and oddly placed commas meant I couldn't remember what you were trying to say. I know that these are tiny little things. And maybe I should concentrate on the meaning of your piece. But those errors broke my concentration; they got in the way. Sorry. The Underground Grammarian expresses it better than I can, in "Trifles" (chapter 6 of "Less Than Words Can Say"). http://www.sourcetext.com/grammarian/less-than-words-can-say... http://www.sourcetext.com/grammarian/ ...and I know my writing, spelling, punctuation and grammar are all lousy. But I'm not making money off writing. Calibre does not like PDF. It sometimes works, but the Calibre team recommend using against using PDF anywhere in the workflow. Calibre also comes bundled with a bunch of command line tools which, in my opinion, are much nicer than Calibre itself. About the un-clickable program name in the menu bar. I agree that it'd be nice, like OS X, to have that as a menu. OS X, or probably Apple, forces control over what items go into different menus. Linux is a lot more free. So, a "preferences" menu item could go in 'file' or 'edit' or 'view' or 'tools'; or maybe only some of the preferences are there and the rest are in a config file. It took me some getting used to. It's a problem when the ad requires three years of Javascript, two years of embedded C, two years of C++, two years of Python, two years of Ruby, and five years of HTML and CSS, and yet is only offering college-leaver pay. > Learning any other language is largely a pursuit of fancy What happens if you want to sell to, or buy from, some other country? Is business squeezed into the bit that isn't "largely a ..."? I'm English. I speak no other languages, and it's something I'm a bit embarrassed by. Curtas get mentioned a lot because they occur in a couple of William Gibson books. But there are other nice bits of mechanical technology. I used to work for a bus ticket machine company. The mechanical devices were amazing pieces. Really intricate and packed. I didn't work on those. I worked on "TIMtronic" (Ticket Issuing Machine electronic). http://www.ticketmachinewebsite.com/apps/photos/album?albumi... But see also Samuel Morland's adder, a device from 1680. Yes, I agree. My post was worded very poorly. Thank you for the corrections! I didn't realise that Apple didn't force the HIG. I do enjoy the care and thoughtful interface decisions. >We’re developing ads that provide richer information to you because we believe that search ads should be both beautiful and informative, and as useful to you as an answer. Google has started silently substituting words or dropping words from queries. See, for example, my stack exchange question: http://webapps.stackexchange.com/q/19465/13791 I'm not sure I want ads that do the same. Eye testing can pick up a bunch of stuff early, so regular eye tests (especially when you get older) are important. Don't forget that in England your employer makes a contribution to the cost of eye-tests and glasses if you're a monitor user. ( http://www.direct.gov.uk/en/Employment/HealthAndSafetyAtWork... ) Plenty of pages that get linked to from HN are pretty bad for readability - awful contrast or weird font choices. User side CSS is nice, but it's a shame to have to fix so many sites. Also, analgesics can cause "rebound headache" - you have a headache, you take pain relief for a few days, the headache stops, and you stop taking the pain killer. Then you get a rebound headache. This especially happens with ibuprofen. ( http://www.helpforpain.com/arch2000aug.htm ) That site says rebound headache are the most common cause of pain referral to doctors, which is a surprise to me. I would have thought back pain was. English government gives the impression of being scientifically and mathematically illiterate. ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/education/2011/jun/18/michael-gove... ) - the minister for education saying { "What [students] need is a rooting in the basic scientific principles, Newton's laws of thermodynamics and Boyle's law."} I doubt this open letter will make any difference. Or even be understood. I predict some politician will be using nursing, or primary schools, in an example of where money needs to be spent and as a justification for cuts, even though the letter says this is not about cuts. Link to the EPSRC: ( http://www.epsrc.ac.uk/Pages/default.aspx ) I'm not a businessman, but if I was trying to sell something I would want to reduce the work my customers have to do. I don't want to give them the choice of "The guy who doesn't speak $LANGUAGE" vs "Let's go with this guy who made an effort". (Let's not forget that customers are not always rational.) Politician's blog: ( http://www.siegfriedkauder.de/ ) Copied photo: ( http://www.vogtsbauernhof.org/content/view/full/213 ) Pretty clumsy move, especially for a lawyer, especially for a lawyer who claims to want to protect copyright. He's not jsut kept the image in his private collection, but is serving it to whoever many people visit his site. I have no idea about Germany, but in England it's the sharing with other people that becomes a problem. dBaseII - sales people don't want $SOFTWAREv1.05, they want The New Version. They can then sell that upgrade, and the extra features. PHBs get caught up in that. Kaizen and iteration doesn't feel exciting; you don't have a release buzz. Someone needs to set up a Patent Troll company and patent a bunch of processes for political methods / action / campaigning / etc. Then start trolling politicians. In the UK, where people get cheap meds (80% of people taking meds don't pay for them) the rate of non-compliance with meds is staggering. The medication budget is something like £9billion per year, and estimates suggest that half of that is wasted because people don't take the meds correctly (or at all). And this is not because the meds are cheap or the illness is trivial. Rates of non compliance are similar in the US, and for people who will die without meds. Many organ transplants fail because of medication non-compliance. The history is important, and I'm really pleased they got some money. They still need a bit more. And really, in the scheme of things, a couple of million is not much for such an important site. I am worried about them being able to get it, especially at the moment. It's a bit depressing that programming and that kind of thinking is neglected in the curriculum. Except, it's not misaimed fandom. People seem to genuinely agree with him about how stupid some aspects of modern gaming are. Having cowclick is a way of saying you agree. A clicky plusone. That's fair enough; KDE and Gnome had problems with security with their screen savers. Gnome's reimplementation of Jamie Zawinski's xscreensaver had a bunch of security bugs. And screensavers are hardly The Killer App. I do, however, agree that it's annoying when an upgrade kills functionality. ( http://www.usenix.org/events/usenix2000/general/pikelex.html ) >Symbolic links make the Unix file system non-hierarchical, resulting in multiple valid path names for a given file. This ambiguity is a source of confusion, especially since some shells work overtime to present a consistent view from programs such as pwd, while other programs and the kernel itself do nothing about the problem. etc etc. filesystems are a mess, and it'd be great if something could fix them. ...but people also spend real money to buy (ugly) ProgressQuest real-world items. I'm pretty sure if PQ introduced some stupid free-to-play/pay-to-get-juicy-upgrades thing that they'd get a bit of cash. I'm not technical, but even I can appreciate some of the very many layers beneath my web-browsing. But, taking me typing into this text-box on HN as an example: What would the Unix way be? (If every tool does one thing and does it well, with text as input and output, and pipes to join it all together.) Would I really have an unholy long command-line of a bunch of tools piped together (but accessed by clicking an icon)? Assuming for a moment that they're right: What's the alternative? OS/2 had nice features; it got crushed. BeOS had some nice features; it got crushed. (Yes, I'm aware that they're probably still around in some OSS version.) Plan9 keeps being mentioned, but do regular users understand it? (Is there a "this is why we do things, and this is why that's good" written for people who haven't written their own compiler?) Are people working on experimental new OSs to "fix problems" in existing systems, or have we gone way past the point of no return? Is there any work on new microprocessor architecture? How much stuff in my modern OS is there because of legacy 8086 stuff? I think, but I'm not sure, that the length of time it's taken people to get (for one example) IPv6 rolled out shows that change is not likely. Plan9 LiveCD and installer: ( http://cm.bell-labs.com/plan9/download.html ) Haiku: ( http://haiku-os.org/ ) You can have a great high resolution grey scale monitor, as used in hospitals to view x-rays and other imaging data, but they cost something like $6,000USD. I'm guessing you could hack them to work well with text. You'd lose color syntax highlighting. Here's just one example, but there are loads more: ( http://www.pnwx.com/Equipment/Digital/Displays/Barco/Nio/ ) Blame stupid consumers for buying really poor quality monitors based almost only on price - forcing manufacturers to supply inferior product.