Hm? Windows was first released in November of '85, and the first release that achieved significant popularity was released in '87. Do you mean to say IBM regarded the Apple Macintosh as a toy? I guess I can understand the first two, but you'd take Java over Ruby? Really? I've always wondered why Nokia doesn't do more marketing in the US. I've never had a bad experience with a Nokia phone, and I definitely plan to keep buying phones from them for the foreseeable future. Their development process looks pretty nice too, though they could use a few pointers on making a professional website: http://developer.symbian.org/ The biggest problem, as I see it, is that certain apps only work with certain phones, forcing wonderful things like OggPlay to make extensive lists of which phones they support, and you could conceivably end up having to do research before buying a phone to see if it supports what you need, which is too much effort for most people. I think that Dalvik provides a great way to address this for Android, but we won't see a whole lot of Android phones for some time now, probably not until Q1 2010. Symbian and Android are far more open, though, which I think is what has some people irked. I can't imagine it does any good for the environment, at least not until >five years from now. Producing a car isn't exactly easy on the environment, and requiring people to buy new cars isn't going to help. The title is somewhat misleading; what's actually happening is that they finally observed spin-charge separation: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spinon The results around 22 aren't too surprising: most people will probably quickly figure out that the target cannot possibly be above 66.67, but few will realize that this implies that the target will be below 44.44. If you assume the guesses will be randomly distributed from 0 - 66, you get a target of 22, which isn't a bad guess for most of the times this experiment was performed on the proles. I have a personal stenographer. >without a proper solution that doesn't involve the words "boycott" or "jailbreak" Why not buy a different phone, perhaps one that does what you want? Eric Schmidt and Scott McNealy are the trivial ones, I guess, though Sun never got into the consumer market. Perhaps Shuttleworth? Sounds overblown. Carbapenems ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carbapenem ) are beta-lactam antibiotics that are resistant to all [previously] known beta-lactamases. This seems to be a newer beta-lactamase, but that certainly wouldn't confer resistance to non-beta-lactam antibiotics like chloramphenicol. It's a matter of serious concern like any other new antibiotic-resistant bug, but it's by no means "resistant to all known antibiotics". In fact, MRSA was already resistant to carbapenems, having lost all D-alanine residues in it's cell wall. Phage therapy is also an option for bacterial infections that are resistant to all available antibiotics, though it's not very popular in the West (it's mostly used in Russia). That ignores the size of the polynomial, doesn't it? If the fastest polynomial-time proof finding algorithm is O(n^50), it's not going to do much good. "Since then, it has found its way into all major operating systems, including GNU/Linux, BSD, and Solaris. It's also available for the Microsoft® Windows® operating systems as a third-party commercial package." I don't think that you can really exclude Windows from the category "major operating systems". It might not be your favorite operating system (it certainly isn't mine), but give the devil his due. I liked the idea behind http://twi.bz/ , which at least shows the domain name behind the link. It doesn't make for quite as short links as tr.im &c though. What about moot and weev? They're not members of the open source community, but they are notorious. I think it was really a joke he played on the Rails guys. The original presentation is here: http://www.zedshaw.com/repository/rubyenrails2008/build/ruby... and it seems to me that it'd be easy to realize it was more or less a joke; the tone of the presentation didn't seem very serious ("Sounds like Erlang, so it's fast!"). On the other hand, maybe that's how Rails presenations typically are; I was never part of that scene. 12chan? Perhaps, but they would no longer have an incentive to kill people as they were going about it. That's really what we'd like to end. If they had a public presence (which they'd need if they were going to compete in a world of legal weed),they wouldn't be able to commit violent crimes. Hell, they probably wouldn't be as bad as most businesses. Now Google shows this comment page first and the Badabingle search engine second. It's funny how quickly the updates come. Hell, the way things work these days, he could leave a comment on a popular news aggregator: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factor_(programming_language)#c... or even just a post on twitter: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leave_This_Town#cite_note-1 Is it worth arguing over which blogging software is better? Use what works for you. This guy's points -- Wordpress is the Windows of blogging, etc -- some people are looking for Windows. A lot of people host Wordpress on cheap Dreamhost accounts and don't want to think about security; they'll probably just restore from backups if something goes wrong. It's the sort of thing that I'd figure makes security guys pull out their hair, but it's the market wordpress serves. seL4! ...wait, that's cheating, isn't it? I came here to post this. The solar "gold rush" of 2006-08 was precipitated by companies like HelioVolt claiming they could achieve panel production for under $1/watt. Cheaper solar panels won't kill the industry, it will make it economically viable on the large scale. If this article's predictions are correct, it's probably time to invest--if you know the right company, that is. If you ask me, #3 should be "aerobic metabolisms". It seems like a pretty significant development. This lua paper looks interesting, though I don't like the way they pass code as strings: http://docs.google.com/gview?a=v&q=cache:G3KOwdPfnsAJ:ww... I've checked out both concurrentlua and luaproc in the past and they seem quite similar (both use cooperative scheduling via co-routines). I initially liked luaproc more because the channel-based message passing approach in luaproc seems to me to be inherently more flexible than message passing based on process id's. luaproc leads to a particularly elegant implementation for the chameneos-redux benchmark, for example. concurrentlua seems more maintained, though; it showed up on luaforge more than a year ago and its latest update was in May, which to me means that the creator is interested in continuing the project. I believe this is the paper that introduced concurrentlua: http://docs.google.com/gview?a=v&q=http://www.google.com... luaproc's luaforge page is here, for comparison's sake: http://luaforge.net/projects/luaproc It seems like drop-boxes, like the ones used to return library books, could be built into the rooms in new apartment buildings. That would probably solve the delivery problem except when shipping really big packages (e.g. televisions). I've always preferred "waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex", as it's the shortest one that uses simple words and has a straightforward sentence structure. I'm assuming the effects on humans are different for different types of radiation and different types of exposure; as I recall, lung cancer deaths are significantly higher in regions where radon (an alpha-emitter) emissions from granite are above average. There's a funny thing about dedication in that it doesn't really feel like dedication if you're interested enough in what you're doing. I can recall stealing my father's old college calculus book out of the the top cabinet when I was in third grade and reading through it at night when I was supposed to be asleep, purely out of boredom with the math we were taught at that level. By then, I barely had any concept of a variable, and yet I somehow managed to teach myself a decent portion of calculus in the next three years. These days, I struggle to apply that level of effort to anything I'm required to do. For the record, Google also distributes its own version of Linux to customers, whereas Amazon and Facebook do not. It'd still be nice to see them contribute, of course. As for Yahoo, it runs on FreeBSD, actually. They provide hosting to the FreeBSD project, though I don't know if they write any code. Isn't that what l4linux does? ( http://l4linux.org/ ) &totse users ran tests of zfs-fuse back in the day and found that it was actually noticeably slower than native ext3. From that, I'm inclined to argue the opposite: filesystems should almost definitely be in-kernel. Granted, their tests were on Linux, not on a modern microkernel. Is it really possible to implement the full functionality of the Linux kernel in such a way that it would be significantly smaller? Obviously, there's bloat from bad code, but would a redesign of the kernel be seriously useful, or just a waste of time? As a (possible) comparison, is NetBSD's kernel any smaller? It'd be nice to know if Linus had anything to say to that effect - it might lead to a more productive discussion than waxing lyrical about the wonders of microkernels. It's the same version of Webkit ued in standard chrom, according to the article. If you're already supporting chrome, it should only take one more line of html to support chromeframe. You could also solve the problem in the other direction: install two browsers on every employee's computer. When that's done, you can safely migrate to a standards-compliant version of the internal web-apps. You could solve that by using Google's extension, actually. If the page requires standards compliance, put in the annotation for standards compliance. Otherwise, let ie6 render as default. The employee using the webapp, ideally, wouldn't even notice. If I knew that someone were qualified to talk about whatever we're discussing, I'd be more inclined to upvote them. That was fast. I knew OS X and FreeBSD were very similar, but I didn't expect to see GCD in FreeBSD until at least the end of the year. I think it'd be interesting if they included times for unladen-swallow as well. I'm going to guess that pypy is currently further along than u-s, but I haven't done any comparison myself. Probably not. Since python is a dynamic language, there are issues with using the llvm for optimization[1], but overall the llvm's code generator is significantly more mature than pypy's which means that it'll probably be easier to make unladen-swallow reliable. [1] see http://lua-users.org/lists/lua-l/2009-06/msg00071.html and http://lua-users.org/lists/lua-l/2009-06/msg00069.html Google found this video of the t400 for those interested: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evk-Ln_TFLA Apparently some people like the screen; some absolutely despise it. Here's a complete review - warning, bad music incoming: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKNxecHXUAU&feature=relat... Doesn't Vala handle that? Not to mention it runs faster and with a lower memory footprint. ReadWriteWeb claims a sale price of $15-22m. Can anyone confirm/deny this? ( http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/nokia_buys_dopplr_the_o... ) On a tangent, why does everyone drop the 'e' in '*er' these days? Flickr, dopplr, and -many moons ago- twittr. Newegg was never connected with EggHead; it was originally a subsidary of ABS. For future reference, wikipedia is that way ---> http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newegg#Name >I don't buy it. JWZ is a central point of control for DNA Lounge, I assume; PG is a close to a central point of control for YC news; Linus is a central point of control for Linux kernel enhancements -- or was, for a while; I haven't been keeping up so if I'm wrong, please understand the general point, which is: we happily accept central control as long as there is good will. I think what you're looking for is right here: >as long as there is good will. I don't think nearly as many people would be angry over the App Store if the approval process were sane. Also... >OK... but it's a platform. Sure, but before the iPhone, application development for phones was, in general, significantly more open. If I wanted to deploy a Symbian OS application three years ago, I wrote it and let people download it. Windows Mobile was similar. It's not the fact that it's not open, but it's the fact that it moves the industry towards less openness that's concerning. Hyman Minsky argued exactly that for a long time, and he's only recently been taken seriously: http://www.boston.com/bostonglobe/ideas/articles/2009/09/13/... I take issue with "and it can be shown that they knew it was false". If you're going to force a takedown of someone else's content, it's your responsibility to be entirely sure . According to NetApplications, Bing lost 0.2%, Google lost somewhere around 0.2%, and Yahoo lost 0.44%, but it looks like the biggest real change was Baidu, which caught almost all the users google, yahoo, and bing lost. >there are more slaves than at any time in human history -- 27 million. Total, clearly.