> surely no government would ever enact such a scheme Heh. I would not put ANYTHING into the "surely they wouldn't" category when it comes to government.... Oh it was a little funny. Lighten up. Not only writing the code first, but write with the idea that because they're "agile", their code is somehow easier to change 15 times as the complete understanding of the functionality emerges. As a developer on the receiving end of "stories" I find that a few sentences on an index card are, in most cases, woefully inadequate at describing the desired functionality. So what happens is you end up going back and forth to the PM with your questions, which is inefficient, OR you make assumptions to fill in the gaps, which sometimes works out well and sometimes does not. On the other hand I've also had the unhappy experience of wading through dense, arcane specification documents written in stilted language ("the system shall...." ad nauseum) that are ultimately not much better. In the end I think what this illustrates is that writing a good, concise, clear, complete functional specification is not easy. It requires a talented PM and no formulaic approach, whether it is agile or anything else, can get around that. I've seen many routines (functions, methods, procedures .. whatever) that are needlessly long due to overzealous use of the copy/paste technique. But once you eliminate that kind of stuff, I do agree that you can get to a point where you've abstracted too much -- and the actual thing you are trying to accomplish with your code becomes obscured. I have not read these studies, but to me it seems that the defect rate could rise because it's no longer apparent what's interacting with what, and in what order. If I have to hop around to numerous different 5 line methods (often in numerous different source code files) it becomes very hard to intuit whether the code is "correct" or even have any idea what it's doing. "Patri Friedman, a former Google engineer who now works for the Seasteading Institute, said floating cities are the perfect places to experiment with new forms of government." There are no new forms of government. They've all been tried. There are only people ignorant of history. Cute/Fun error messages will IMO get annoying really fast once the novelty wears off. Just like that clippy thing in MS Office. Absolutely false. Nobody in the US has "no access to healthcare at all." Go without != no access to Nothing really new in this post -- but the message bears occasional repeating: ideas are a dime a dozen, it's executing on one that few people can do well. This is the idea that underpins "poker planning" used in some agile software methodologies. You estimate a feature's required effort relative to other features that you (or the team) have completed in the past. It's interesting to me, because I've always been more partial to Joel Spolsky's philosophy that only the developer who implements a feature can estimate it, and only after the feature has been designed in detail. This study says that is all wasted effort (it's the "inside view"). Didn't work at all in my browser (Safari 3.2.1) Ants are not trying to text their friends, watch their GPS, and change the radio station while they are in formation. To get a job? Yes, especially if you're entry level. To start your own software company, work on open-source, freelance, etc. probably not. The more I think about this the more I think the comparison is not relevant. Ants are all going from point A (the colony) to point B (the food). Additional ants are not joining the line midway, nor are any splitting off to some other destination, nor do different streams of ants cross one another's paths. If you had a one-way one-lane road with no cross streets, merges, or exits, MAYBE the situation would be comparable; in the real world, I don't see a whole lot of relevance. Clever device, I'm not convinced it would save a lot of money for one person taking a quick shower every morning, but I do think it could benefit those households with three or four people all wanting a shower in the morning: by recovering part of the heat from the first showers, the last person has a better chance of getting a hot shower instead of a lukewarm or cold one. I agree on your point B, I think that companies can get to a point where they are like a cancer, they themselves thrive (for a while) but they can end up destabilizing the host organism. Not a perfect analogy, and I worry about giving the government the power to declare that a company is "too big" because historically such powers are abused. IF such size could be pre-defined on purely objective measures, perhaps there is a way it could work. Going into bankruptcy does not mean going out of business, at least not immediately. It basically just lets you put your debts "on hold" while you either reorganize or wind down under court supervision. Gives everyone time to take a breath and think rationally. Sounds pretty good in comparison to what happened? This is a good guide for someone getting started with git, but does not really explain why you might want to use git instead of some other version control system, such as svn. The title of this work implies it's something more than an introductory tutorial, but that's really all it is. Oracle 10g (10.1) was available for Mac OS X but they've not kept up and no 11g at all. I think they just found that the number of sales for that platform was too small. "if a human experimenter can make decisions independently of past events, then the particle can also make a free choice" The article does not make clear how "free choice" is different from "random chance" -- at least not to me. The government. Oh yeah great idea. So when you post something critical of the wrong official or say the wrong words on your website your certificate is summarily revoked. If you just need certs for in-house use, make your own. You can do that for free. Interesting viewpoint. The one I've heard is: if you DON'T have an exit strategy, it's just a hobby. Back to the mantra of Strunk and White: OMIT NEEDLESS WORDS. Quite frankly, I think that a traditional textbook is still best for actual coursework. Online is great for later reference, refresher study, and research, but no digital format has yet reached the level of usability and robustness as a printed textbook. My immediate reaction, having never heard of Dropbox, was "why not just use SVN". One that condones blatant copyright violation? Not sure. Let us know if you find one. Potentially very good news -- algae is not a food crop nor does it complete for acreage otherwise available for growing food. Also they seem to have figured out how to run a continuous rather than a batch-oriented production process, which should scale better. The 45 minutes is for a partial charge. Still, 300 miles beats the heck outta the 40 promised by the Volt. Also, you're probably not an Engineer. A real engineer is someone who is trained and certified to sign or "stamp" engineering documents and takes legal responsibility for their correctness. Don't graduate students have to defend their dissertations? Should be pretty easy to spot those who didn't actually do their own research. Hmm. To me this illustrates that we should be more skeptical of who we consider to be "experts" not that we should not seek counsel of those with subject matter expertise. Hint, someone with a TV show is probably NOT who you should be listening to. Agree! My C.S. undergrad program did not even cover specific languages. There were no courses such as "The 'Foo trendy du-jour' Programming Language" -- the language was incidental to the subject matter, and you were expected to learn the language, editor, OS utilities, compilers, debuggers, etc. on your own time. I don't fully buy into the arranged marriage concept, but won't deny that many of them are successful. I think one thing that probably helps a lot is that "older, wiser" people are looking at attributes of compatibility that younger people can't see in each other yet. I'm reminded of the advice from pg's never-delivered high school graduation address (posted here the other day): don't look for excuses to be lazy. Are drugs like Paxil the "lazy" way to avoid dealing with the realities of social interaction? For some surely not, but I think that for a good number of people they are. I think your last sentence answers your question. HTML and "the web" were designed as a simple information-sharing platform based on hyperlinked static text documents. Building actual business applications on top of this, even if you know how the web works, has always been pretty much a kludge. Did Canada push its banks to give mortgages to people who could not afford them? Anyone doing anything remotely private or personal on the internet is (or should be) encrypting anyway. Summary: people are irrational and make stupid decisions. The government knows better. Typical Time Magazine. I find that if I can stay physically active I don't miss caffeine. For example, when I go on vacation I typically don't drink coffee. But I'm usually at the beach, or have a lot of other stuff going on and I really don't miss it. If I stop coffee during a normal work week, I get the headaches, fatigue, etc. I think this is a view that some subset of developers has, but there's definitely another camp of developers who thrive in an entrepreneurial environment with a lot of focus on business success. I'm one. The company I work at was like that, and has now shifted more towards the "beehive" described here. I call it "developer day care" and it doesn't motivate me in the slightest. Actually I think a couple of ounces of lead would suffice. Nothing useful can stay free forever. Luck favors the prepared "The federal government simply isn’t raising enough money to pay for its obligations, Medicare being the biggest." ... and this was BEFORE TARP, TALF, AIG, GM & Chrysler.... Yes it is, in fact the last time I bought an "individual" plan for my family maternity was explicitly NOT covered; adding it would have made the premium much higher. I paid about $400/month for spouse and kids; I had my own coverage at work but they did not provide family coverage. If you KNOW you don't need maternity coverage that saves you a lot of money, but don't have any "accidents" as childbirth will cost you many thousands, up to hundreds of thousands if there are complications. All else is not equal, they don't call it "Taxachussets" for nothing. Some things are still best done face to face.