It seems to me that this could easily be defeated by switching on 'red eye reduction' to produce a smaller flash moments before the main flash. Hang on, I thought "features are a one-way street" Another Mac user here. I gave Ubuntu a spin the other week, running in Virtualbox on my main machine. I thought it looked slick and was very usable. Then I tried downloading and installing Firefox 3. I grabbed it, unarchived it and then.... then what? Where's the bloody installer. Yes, that's exactly the kind of trite understanding of history that the author is worried about. Well done. ... and no, I'm not a boomer. ...and if you did it yourself on a bit of paper you would probably end up having to scan it in. I think the look is excellent. It makes explicit to the client or whoever that this is a mock-up and not to be confused with the look and feel of the app/site. You can say that until you are blue in the face and quite often someone will say 'isn't that line a bit thick'. Moreover sometimes designers can get locked into overly prescriptive design rough too early. This avoids that. I don't see any conflict. You suggest that that eval is used to "manipulate search results". It could just as easily be used to score results and flag up problems in the ranking mechanisms. As the man says, they are constantly refining the algorithm, - so presumablt they need constant feedback on how well the algorithm's working. No? Many thanks for the explanation. Much appreciated. Got it. many thanks. For the same reason that people still write with a Biro or Hoover the carpet. I remember playing this as a kid about 35 years ago. It was described in a book called The Indoor Games boo, published in the UK. The same book also introduced me to the rather fun 'Nine Mens Morris' - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nine_Men's_Morris Thats how these things always start. ... and then people start requesting 'just a couple' of new features. The Tag inspector is a Webkit feature, as are the resizeable text input boxes. Webkit has been getting 100% on Acid3 for a few months now, so I'm not sure why your Chrome install isn't. Anyone had any luck getting the help/how to use pages to come up? Interesting that it still lists the Mayor of London as Ken Livingstone, who was elected out back in May. "Apple doesn't tell musicians, "don't make crappy music," or "you song is of limited musical appeal." You're right - Apple relies on music publishers to do that for them. The analogy between music store and appstore is not exact. My main thought watching the advert was, "that's sad, Bill Gates steps down from running Microsoft, and now spends his time in discount shoe stores?" I'm honestly not trying to take a dig at the ad, but it did feel rather tragic. "What's missing knowing how to do it (software inventions)". Not really, the scope of the hardware plays an important role. Consider: that you could perform the processing needed to play Half Life 2 on an abacus. But even if the abacus wielder followed the commands exactly and emulated the x86 instructions with paper and pencil, would anything actually emerge from the exercise that would be enlightening in anyway? Probably not, since it would take a few thousand years (I'm handwaving here) to compute the contents of the first frame. Which suspect would pale insignificance compared to the threat from the new generation of pirate that such an installation would spawn. Visions of a parrot sitting on someone's shoulder squawking "pieces of RAM". Personally, I would have though that in a world with Twitter, IM and all the rest, e-mail would be the least of your worries. I came here to say the same. Effectively content free, possibly actually content negative. I think most of his analysis is reasonable, certainly I think many of the Mac icons work better at smaller sizes. I think he cuts the Safari icon too much slack, however - I didn't realise that there were continents painted in the background of the compass, and the compass is fairly weak as a metaphor for the Web. I think the Finder icon is poor too. Disclosure: Another Mac user. The essay makes this assertion a couple of times: "The banking system .. just lost > 1 Trillion dollars (so far) on a single error, more than was ever earned in the history of banking." Really, more than was ever earned in the history of banking? To me that would seem to imply that at this point every banking institution would be bankrupt. Shouldn't a guy who chides people for sloppy thinking be rather more careful, or am I just missing something and being stoopid? If AIG went down, do you in some way think you would find it easier to get a loan. On the contrary, I think it would be unlikely that anyone would be lending anyone anything. Excellent! Live clickable ads on the Wall in Half Life! Probably for ammo shops and medical retailers, I suspect. Wet-wipes are your friend. "The ending is my favorite Stephenson ending." ... you mean, he's included one this time? Summary: Web 3.0 is mashups, in an environment where more Web components have well defined interfaces and are, therefore, mashable. The story itelf appears to have exploded. Businesses fail for one of 3 reasons: 1. Bad idea 2. Bad execution 3. Outside forces. Astonishing! what a revelation! Judging by the amount of money I spend on shareware apps (for the Mac) someone's making some money. I can't be the only one, can I? The page doesn't seem to render here. I love Hacker news, but, but... has there ever been any discussion about the desirability of having a couple of lines of summary under the headline? The headline only format irks me. Oops, I'm modded down. I presume that this is a stupid idea that has been suggested and rejected n000 times before. Anyone? I wonder to what extent this will put a dent in Twitter. For anyone in a similar situation in the UK, I recommend http://www.voipfone.co.uk/ I've used them from a while as I'm based from home. You can get a London number routed to a dedicated VoIP phone hanging off your router, you also get voicemail that goes to your e-mail for free and an SMS notification etc when a voicemail is left. Not involved with them, but just a happy punter who found he could set up shop at home without installing a second line. The problem with the original poster's suggestion is that the original headline was written to be seen in context. Usually this means that it is accompanied bny full text that can be seen at a glance, sometimes it means that it is seen with a brief summary. HN is splendid, but as a noob, I find myself grinding my teeth that I have to click on every single damn link to see what the story is actually about. I mean "Tim O'Reilly to software developers: get serious" what's that actually about? Anything worth my time? who knows. I have to admit, as a user I rather miss OpenDoc. Cyberdog was nifty. ...and I predict that once Twitter tries to charges a corporates it will be replaced by an RSS Feed. In what way are you required to read an SMS the moment that it arrives? I kept waiting for him to say something novel, but gave up after about 15 minutes. Clearly, I'm missing something. I wonder if we'll end up with the kind of movement that swept Usenet back in the 80s when everybody's .sig seemed to contain content for 'the line eater': Explosion, terrorism, Osama etc If I'm buying a game, do I really care whether they are in London or Essex? No, I don't - the game is going in the post anyway. The UK list is a bit grim at the moment, mainly because you are mixing cities and counties into the same list. That comes across as strange, almost as if you are making a category error. Have you though of sticking to counties, or using sythentic regions (The South East, The Northwest, the Midlands etc). If I were you I might think instead about asking the user for his/her postcode. Then the user can decide to rank hits by proximity if they want, or by other criteria. I want the closest piano stool. I live in East London; some parts of Essex are closer to me than some parts of London. The East London Line was closed for several days the other month when a rather large bomb was found during work on the Olympic Park. I don't want to push the point in an irritating way, but I think you should think about amending the post flow.... Currently you have people selecting a region and THEN selecting what they want. It would be better to have people select what they want and THEN select how important the proximity is. That solves (i) The arbitrary city/region issue and (ii) Lets you advertise on the home page the scope of what people can shop for, rather than advertising all the cities in a country. Sorry - how exactly do you mount the disk of an unbootable Mac on another machine, via an Ethernet cable? I think one problem with this analysis is the assumption that all empires collapse in the same way. It's quite possible that any U.S collapse will be more akin to that of the U.K. A gradual decline and disengagement from foreign territories. Err, excuse me. I've taken my daughter to A&E (the UK equivalent of ER) a couple of time in her life due to high fever and a very nasty hacking cough. On both occassions, they prescribed ibuprofen, liquids and on one occassion put her in a cooling bath to reduce temperature. On both occassions I was satisfied: I was pretty sure that it was a viral infection, but with a temperature that high, I wanted to be sure. I would be bloody annoyed if the docs prescribed unnecessary antibiotics. Not all patients are dense and doctors shouldn't treat us as if we are - that just spreads ignorance. Actually, we are lucky over here now. NHS is a really very good phone consulting service. You phone up with a sick child and they take you through a very VERY detailed list of symptoms and questions. This phone service has saved me a couple of night trips to the hospital since it started. Summary: Turning to a wholey raw vegan diet appears to have affected my cognition adversely. '64. So Generation X, according to this, thoug to be honest I've never felt part of a particular generation. I've picked up a couple of consulting gigs through providing decent answers im the Answers section. If I have a few moments spare at the end of the day, I'll look through open questions and answer them. Sometimes they are interesting questions that I would like to think through myself; sometimes they land directly in my area of expertise. But it's a win-win you help someone, and at the same time advertise that you are a reasonable, helpful guy who knows at least something about an area. By comparison, I find Facebook completely pointless.