To be fair, I don't recall anyone of import advocating that economics is a natural science. Look at any university course catalogue and it is wedged pretty firmly in the social science department where it should be, along with the other fake sciences like psychology and sociology (though I would have to call it a continuum of fake, with clinical psychology on the "closer to real" end and sociology on the "just making junk up" end). Unfortunately, I suspect that there is too much incentive to "make observation fit one's expectations" in these fields. Conversely, what purpose does non-scientific quantum physics serve? Beyond weaseling more research money, pretty much nothing. But making economics and sociology say things that aren't held up by observation can, and most often does, lead to vast political and social change. Very surreal. I don't know if anyone here knows, but Curtis Jackson started out in life as a drug dealer. Here's how I gain respect as a programmer. I complete my work on time, I do brilliant work, I don't abide cheesehead managers wanting to set unrealistic schedules, and I maintain a certain level of deliberate eccentricity to keep everyone guessing. Now, nobody wants to piss me off because they're too afraid I'll quit and leave everyone in a lurch. How you are perceived in your career is entirely up to you. Were SQL developers never taught the importance of reducing code duplication? Seriously, I see it a lot "in the wild". Databases that are filled with duplicated data, duplicate procedures, duplicate views. It's a bit sickening. I agree with you in principle, that SQL developers are definitely needed, I just think that anyone espousing to be a programmer should be capable of proper database design and programming. Well, I guess the people who aren't are usually not that great at imperative programming either... Isn't this more accurately called a Delta Robot? I print upwards of 20"x30" with my 8MP DSLR. That's significantly larger than most people ever get prints done in their home. Shooting digital also greatly reduces my packing load when travelling. I have 16GB of CF cards, taking up less space than a pack of cards. I struggle to fill 8GB in an entire week of shooting while travelling. At a certain point "more detail" is just wasted effort. You're not going to stand right on top of a 15' tall blown up photo, counting film grain OR pixels. Here's another question. What does Ken Rockwell have to fear from digital photography? Seriously, why else would he expend so much effort debunking this "conspiracy" (his words "(digital) raw is actually a conspiracy to addict you to having to buy software the rest of your life")? It's the Kodak conspiracyyyyyyyyy! I very definitely write code as part of my design process. Code is free. It's not like building a shed where nailing some boards together to see how a truss should work costs money. Banging on some keys to see how sockets should interplay is free (disregarding time, but we're already engaged in "design", and I presume we are interested in "the right answer, sometime" instead of "the wrong answer, today"). So I code as part of my design process. I might throw that code away. I might keep a function or five. Who knows? But there is no way to know what the design is going to look like until you know all of the limitations, and the only way to know all of the limitations is to actually take a peek. Oh no! Someone call Bernanke! We need to stimulate the film photography industry! bullshit. The cause of obesity is and always was gluttony. Quit trying to apologize for overeating. I don't care if "you have a low metabolism". Quit listening to the FDA's bullshit on what a "balanced" meal means. You need to figure it out for yourself. We should all be angry, because a culture of denying accountability is about to saddle us with the biggest paternalistic program of transfer payments ever. We're going to get to pay for Bubba's heart surgery because he couldn't control how many cheeseburgers he ate in one sitting. While I agree that we shouldn't be paying for it, and that it is the government's fault for making us pay for it, once the "system" is known, shouldn't the overeater be as much to blame? While an individual is still responsible for paying for their own healthcare, then how they abuse themselves is up to him. In a world were others are responsible for his healthcare, he has a social responsibility to not abuse himself, a social responsibility that I am all too sure will be ignored. This is the fundamental issue with paternalistic programs. If you give the public responsibility over a person's well being, they will also require the means to control that person's activities. Unfortunately, I think national healthcare is a foregone conclusion, and not just single-payer-health-insurance, I mean full the "doctors are government employees" thing. Too many people have conflated health care with a right. that sort of grad school is for people who need their hands held to learn things. To me, a lot of this is what the "design" process is for. You have a certain set of requirements that you need to fulfill, so before you set about coding it, you enumerate how it is possible to implement it. Now, I won't go into details like "Use a System.Web.UI.WebControls.Label here", but if it's something that I know my peers don't have much experience with (like apparently the entire System.Drawing namespace, dammit), then I'll specifically indicate in the design that that is an option. It makes for a much more streamlined process for development. No, it doesn't answer all of the questions that come up in coding, but it certainly slays the big dragons. GUI wc is context menu option in file manager. Creative inspiration is not a bolt of lightning that hits you at random. It's a process of cascading train-of-thought. If you never get that train to leave the station, you're never going to get anywhere. You need to stop procrastinating and force yourself to work to put yourself in the necessary conditions for creative work to happen. Sitting around, watching movies, eating cheezy-poofs isn't going to do it. Some of the greatest works of art have been created in essentially that situation. The subtly subversive works of artists toiling under the employ oppressive, totalitarian governments, people like Hans Fischerkoesen. While I think there is merit to the concept that "workin' hard is for suckas", I mean that only in what our classical conception of what "working hard" means. Our entire industry, this "Information Technology" thing, is fundamentally about making things that allow people to not work hard. Technology is about being lazy, about avoiding effort where effort is not necessary. Using index cards and typewriters to compose documents is certainly harder work than using a word processor application on a PC. Nobody would ever say there was greater merit in the old way (well, nobody worth paying attention to). It's the distinction between "working hard" and "working smart." So "hard work" in the classical sense seems to mean "sit down, head down, move the pencil, move the pencil, move the pencil." That's toiling. That's not thinking of more efficient ways to "move the pencil". Working hard is a productivity enhancer, but only in a linear fashion. Technology is a productivity multiplier. I refer you to the Robert Heinlein short-story "The Tale of the Man Who Was Too Lazy to Fail," which is provided in his magnum opus "Time Enough for Love". We should be "working hard" on finding ways to be lazy. It's through the pursuit of technologies that allow us to be as productive as we are on less effort that make the big advances in productivity, not "working hard". If you plan the rest of your life out while you're still in your teens, you'll likely end up with a bad plan (because you lack the life experience to know what a good plan looks like), and you will probably miss out on a lot of the nicer things in life. There's something to be said for stepping back and experiencing life now while you're still young and flexible instead of waiting until after you've achieved "success" and are consequentially old and creaky. I routinely use discrete math in "everyday, consultingware". Computer Science, and by extension programming, is fundamentally a study of discrete math. Linear algebra is another field that I use a LOT, and not just in graphics systems. If you think math isn't useful for programming, it's because you don't know enough math. I'm with the OP on this one, I wish I knew more math. I'm certain it would make me a more efficient programmer. In the great conversation-that-is-the-internet, why is what anyone says not important, merely for a lack of notoriety? What does the movie theater do to you when you enter BUT suppress your rights to sing/talk/shout/etc, on the terms that they will let you watch the movie? What does the military do to you BUT suppress your right to freely determine your life, on the terms that they will provide food, shelter, and training to you? If a movie theater would want to restrict your rights to write a negative review, why would you attend that movie theater? If a contract is bad, you don't enter into it This isn't just some schmoe replying to the GNU Manifesto. This is a person replying to comments made about him by Richard Stallman. So it's not " a response to...", it is " the response to..." Holy crap, it's so weird to read something that articulates feelings I've had about ORM systems for years. I really don't think you can fairly call cows sentient. Along with chickens and turkeys, they are some of the dumbest creatures around. They're barely more than walking vegetables. The concept of "Ignorance of the law is no excuse" (Ignorantia juris non excusat) was really only ever meant in the context of natural laws, e.g. murder, theft, rape, etc. These things are so obviously horrible that anyone should know they are wrong. Hence "crossed over that line knowing what he or she was doing." In the realm of political laws, ignorance absolutely excuses. Why should it be obvious that importing orchids requires certain paperwork? While jeremymims didn't explicitly espouse a vegan viewpoint, he did mention the "slaughter [of] 10 billion sentient, thinking animals", an emotionally charged choice of words which in my experience is a characterization that only ever comes from a vegan viepoint. Serious moral consideration is a whole different story than "don't eat them". This article, and thus my statement, has nothing to do with the torture of animals. Most of my meat comes from local farmers, people I know personally, even places I worked when I was a kid. Cattle can and are raised in humane conditions. But when a cow can push against an electric fence, recoil from getting shocked, and then push on the fence again, there is clearly something missing in that cow brain that accounts for learning in other creatures. Cows are not intelligent creatures. "Delicious" is certainly up to interpretation. Additionally, if "meat is murder", then why so many "fake murder" products? I don't really see what the issue is with the article. So hamburgers are a homogeneous mix of meat from multiple cows. I never had deep-seated convictions that they only came from one cow in the first place. Does a bag of frozen vegetable medley come from one plant? Does it even come from one plant per type of vegetable? The question is, what is the benefit of switching? "It's easier." Yes, technically metric is easier than imperial... but imperial isn't that hard . not adhering to handling standards is a different issue than "mixing meat from different parts of the cow and different cows". And if you're going to act like that, then it's poetic justice that a lot of vegans are malnourished. did you really just tell me to "lurk moar noob"? Torture was never mentioned by anyone other than the anti-meat crowd here. it's a defective house boat. Here's the thing that I find tragically hilarious about this conversation: you can't get people this riled up about their local school superintendent embezzling money. I love JavaScript as a language, there are some neat things in it (not the least of which is expando object, whoo), but there are much better tools than it for doing application development (even if we go no further than Flex or SilverLight, we've improved dramatically over JavaScript in terms of project management and toolchain availability). If you're worried about namespacing, then you're using the language with the intention of a real application programming language. There are other ways to get code to client in a web-accessible way that doesn't mean "AJAX everywhere!" I would say you have spun AIDS I know a lot of people who put "Eclipse" and "Visual Studio" on their resumes. I think it's reasonable because there are very rarely any such things as standards in software development. Municipal building codes are standards. Drug testing regimens are standards. Programming languages are not standards. At best they are conventions, and only insofar as certain niche subset industries are concerned. As for de facto standards, I don't think we should be paying much attention to them. I think it's very important to draw the distinction that software development currently has no standards (you might be able to argue for TCP/IP, where alternatives are only ever used because they fulfill some unique use case not covered by TCP/IP), because for as much as we want to call this industry "software engineering", we sure as hell don't treat it like any other field of engineering, for many of the reasons already mentioned. I think the first step is to sit down and agree on some terminology. You can't even get two programmers to agree on what "Object Oriented Programming" means. No wonder we aren't treated like professional engineers. We don't act like them. Always a fan of INTERCAL. Malbolge is a good one, too. I've personally found that people who got into programming before the dotCom boom don't need to worry about a lack of degree, people who got in after absolutely need a degree. I wouldn't say that using Python for scripting is even a de facto standard in that sense. Don't make the mistake of assuming your experiences are normative. I generally don't consider it as "we're dating" until at least the 3rd or 4th date. The first few dates are tryouts for "dating". He falls into a number of fundamental paradoxes in his reasoning. He asserts that profit is evil, which is essentially saying that time spent procuring resources is not a cost that can be recuperated through monetary compensation. He almost even comes out and says time isn't a cost when he says he'd think it evil to sell something he found while dumpster diving, "how can you sell something you get for free?". He didn't get it for free, he got it through the time effort of dumpster diving, a recurring cost that has a random (though apparently positive) payoff. Yet his entire motivation for "dropping out" is to use his time as he sees fit, because it is the most precious thing to him. He asserts that trade requires someone to be "the sucker", yet he justifies his couch surfing by offering his friends services instead of money. Trade fundamentally requires that both parties agree that the trade action is advantageous to both of them; total value increases for both parties, separately and combined. He is absolutely engaged in a purely capitalistic system of free trade, completely unfettered by the dead-weight loss of tax systems, and does nothing but deride the one economic system that dragged the human race out of abject poverty. Not to be too harsh here, but... I've been using "difference tables" (without calling it that) since I was 10 years old. I don't mean this to be bragging at all, because I didn't think (and still don't think) it was at all remarkable. It's just a basic method of analysis. 2+2=5 for sufficiently large values of 2 I actually like to hold on to the idea that the universe is non-deterministic. It keeps the concept of free will alive.