Yes, I agree... what Crockford says makes sense to me. Know where they go, and use them consistently. This blog post doesn't make so much sense. It seems to say that you should be aware of the rules at all times and strive to use as few semicolons as possible (even going so far as to put them in front of statements). Yes, it would work, but I don't really see this as more readable. I live in a US town of ~6k people, and currently get 6Mbps on the lowest tier plan available (50 Mbs is readily available, just a bit pricey for personal use). I don't buy this argument at all, as there are metro areas that will have worse connectivity than some rural areas within the US. I also wonder what the real reason is. Registering to place applications in the android market is not free. Does the iPhone have a public bug database so we can search for issues? This is exactly true, and the worst mistake, imo. I have no idea how to find it in the Android Market, and I suspect many others don't as well. Zoodles works, though the quality of the games varies pretty dramatically. Linus did do the benchmark (see Comment #46). That's not really true... the iphone tracking happens regardless of location settings or applications. The location controls do not affect it at all. Who sends hashes of credit card numbers instead of the #s themselves? And how is this passed through to the processor? I've not seen such a protocol for sending CC#s from the browser before. "During normal operation or in Safe mode, your computer may play "Fur Elise" or "It's a Small, Small World" seemingly at random. " This is actually really old news. This story on it is from 2 years ago: http://androidcommunity.com/android-tethering-apps-pulled-fr... It is interesting that he says the Everex machines (from 2007) were "pretty much intended as a way to get up and running in your Chrome browser". It's funny how quickly things get ingrained into us, such that we barely remember not having them (Chrome was introduced in late 2008). > The main difference between Ubuntu-LTS and Debian is that Debian's stable release cycle is longer and more thorough. I believe that the debian stable release cycle is currently at about 2 years, w/ a very short support cycle afterwards. The LTS cycle is 2 years with a 3 years of additional support afterwards. Or just search harder: http://www.t-mobile.com/shop/plans/flexpayplans.aspx?direct=... (Yes, I know that these are FlexPay as well, but the prices are the same) I believe that both of those choices would have been even more "out-dated", though. Yes, and it's nice to avoid the increased memory overhead of running 32-bit GTK and 64-bit GTK. The increase in shared lib overhead is still fairly significant. With a sufficiently large block of ice, a few blackouts may not even be a problem. Yes, the battery of the previous tablets were much smaller. But don't forget, the previous tablets also cost close to 2k at introduction, had similar speed processors (but running more complex operating systems, with lower responsiveness), had lower quality displays, were thicker, and weighed a lot more. I don't see any of those improvements as being particularly non-obvious. > I agree with you, but you have to admit Samsung is pretty > clearly copying Apple's trade dress. It's the only tablet > that could be confused with the iPad at a glance. I don't think I have to admit that. Is it really any more iPad like (at a glance) than this: http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/759029-REG/Motorola_00... I don't think it's incredible to make that claim at all. The iPad has been around for quite a bit longer so you would expect to see a lot more of them in the wild despite only outselling android tablets by approximately a 4 to one margin at the moment. Despite this, I still routinely see android tablets in airports. I saw a galaxy tab 7" tonight (along with 3 people using ipads in first class). I've also seen a few galaxy tab 10.1s and a couple of HTC Flyers. To be clear, I also wonder if the actual ratio is 4 to one. I just don't think the number is completely outside the realm of possibility. Is there an explanation somewhere of how the gallery in 2.x infringed, but the gallery in 3.x does not? It's not immediately clear to me how the two are significantly different. In the US, airlines require that electronic devices be turned completely off during takeoff and landing. In my experience, this is rarely enforced. I'm not sure how your comment is substantively different from the article. He seems to cover both scenarios (just the mongodb process rebooting vs whole server rebooting) accurately to me. FSLR is profitable. Google Talk supports Video chat across a wider range of devices than FaceTime. The search button was optional before ICS, and will likely continue to be. The menu button will likely be handled similarly to Honeycomb (it will appear for legacy apps, and disappear for modern apps). As far as I know, manufacturers are still allowed to include hardware buttons for now, thus old phones can still be upgraded. I expect they will phase this out eventually though, thanks to the flexibility that purely soft buttons can offer. The honeycomb buttons really do work better than the ones on previous phones (fewer inadvertant taps, easier to tap when wanted, etc). > If resources are that plentiful and the OS is still completely open-source then its only a matter of time until this is exploited and the phone starts to lag. It's really not a function of plentiful resources. It's that the contract only allows applications to keep running, it doesn't guarantee it. So if resources are a bit low, Android has the right to kill -9 any background process. In Android 2.2+ this actually works really well, in my experience. I do agree with your other points, though. Matias Duarte is good at making it pretty, but his designs tend to be quite cluttered and complicated, IMO. I wish they would focus on simplifying and making the interface more welcoming. I am assuming he means the BizSpark program: http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2009/03/stack-overflow-and-biz... That's not so much an end-run as a delay, though, IMO. > Maybe it works better on an Android - no, wait, that’d be anti-competitive behavior and Google would never do something evil, right? I don't see how releasing a full Android version would be anti-competitive in any meaningful sense. Especially since the Android app and webapp support for Google Docs is unbelievably horrible. It amazes me that something as simple as editing a document (or simple spreadsheet) is almost completely impractical on Android tablets. I found the layout of the website extremely obtrusive. I'd have preferred a much more basic layout, without so much fixed text/graphics. Chromebooks have at least 16GB of storage for caching things locally. For example, I believe that the Kindle app for Chrome supports offline reading. Then build the few things that still need Flex in Flex/Flash, and build the rest in HTML/JS. This is likely how most Flex apps should have been written to begin with. I think two landing pages would be useful due to the discussion of price on the homepage. When I first quickly skimmed it I was wondering why they were charging job-seekers so much. People scan sites for unfamiliar services very quickly. Having the pricing so close to the free service is likely to confuse some subset of readers. I expect that the Google Voice app will support this soon. What I really don't understand is why they didn't implement something similar for SMS. Google Voice SMS is nice, but the separate app for it is problematic. I'm curious if this really surprises anyone here that the entire process for the government purchasing three mobile applications (Android, iOS, and BB) was ~200k. This seems pretty ordinary/normal to me. Fortunately, they don't accept advertisements from corporations, and are thus uncorrupted by the donations from said corporations. Does anyone else just see this as them gauging interest in charging for this footage? Some of the wording almost makes it sound like a market segmentation strategy. I think I understand the author's point. They aren't trying to compete with Facebook, they are just attempting to exist in Facebook's market, make money by all of the same means, and attract the same customers who will then do most of the same things. Make sense? I here this kind of banter from Southwest FAs rather frequently. Despite this, I would estimate the compliance rate at less than 33%. I'm curious how much data you get, and for how much money? All of the top notification banners are the most annoying part of SO, IMO. Every time I go there I end up clicking close 3-4 times. I don't believe that I've seen netbooks with the battery life of tablets. That is (to me) a killer feature. Whoosh The point isn't that Apple is just like a violent dictator. The point is that these statements are (mostly) irrelevent to each other. The trains can run on time without a dictator. The user can have a fine walled-garden experience but still retain the option to (in a reasonably supported way) tear down the walls. For comparison, here are some US rates: T-Mobile: Unlimited txt/voice, 5GB data == $89.99 USD (2GB is 10 less, there is no cost overage after the cap, but the speed drops to less than 2G) Sprint: Unlimited txt/voice/data == $110 ATT: Unlimited txt/voice, 4GB == $115, 2GB == $95 I'm not sure how search in the address bar relates to RealNames. If that were attempted again, it would garner just as much hate. I think the difference with large batteries is that battery recycling is already fairly prevalent and covered by existing statutes (core charges, etc). I doubt many people would toss a Prius battery in the trash without thinking. I still don't think this is a good law, though. I don't expect this to have a material impact on battery recycling. I agree. I hate this concept of making it feel like an app... if I wanted an app, I would use the (awful) tablet interface. To me, the innovation of gmail was that it made a usable webpage, that worked the way a website should, and yet was still efficient and user-friendly. Part of this was done by copying the better aspects of the app world (keyboard shortcuts, eager fetching of messages, fast performance, etc). But it still fundamentally felt like an efficient, intuitive, information-delivery system (the web). Copying the worst aspects of the app world (multiple scrollbars per page/screen, massively higher cognitive load due to all the scrolling, etc) is not an improvement. Yes, guys who develop all day in Windows, look vaguely lost at a command line (constantly forgetting their place in the dir structure, not knowing the basics of rsync or scp, not knowing how to unzip a jar, etc) always call themselves Linux experts. Calling all Unix-like systems "Linux" is a common problem as well, unfortunately. But I run into Linux "sysadmins" with all of the same issues. There's a real problem with a lack of competence in this industry, IMO. Didn't these changes make the addition of dynamic content to the MOTD really trivial? That seems compatible with Ubuntu's mission to me. It sounds to me like this whole rant could have been replaced with a bug report on the documentation in Launchpad. I get what you are saying, but it's not quite as bad as it is made out to be. http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-ve... 85% of the market is on either 2.2 or 2.3. Those are the two most recent phone versions in general distribution. I'd expect that in about 1 year, 85% will be on 4.x or 2.3. New versions don't really make it worse, and new hardware standards often do make things better.