Put another way: "animals are vessels for souls while waiting for reincarnation". It now applies to everything souls (possibly) reincarnate into, while still being true. I think that viewed in this way, it is obvious that the Buddhist concept of a soul is not human centric. The soul would be an entity trying to escape a cycle of reincarnation (and one of the potential candidates for reincarnation is a human). Aliens could fit right in there as just another vessel. When the immune system learns to destroy cells, it also remembers the markers for bad cells. If you have (for example) cancerous liver cells and your immune system learns to destroy these, the potential exists for it to learn markers that are also present on normal liver cells. After your cancer is gone, this memory that partially (or entirely) applies to regular cells will lead to your immune system trying to destroy normal, healthy cells. Your life absolutely belongs to you. It's true that other people suffer with you, but ultimately the decision is 100% your own. It's possible to be supportive and try to keep someone alive as long as possible without making them feel like they're slaved to someone else's desires. I think everyone deserves to feel autonomous. If you have the requisite genetic triggers, bipolar has only a chance of popping up. It's triggered by circumstances in your life that present significant stress/hardship. Next to that, there are also plenty of people that manage to wean themselves off medication after they've been on it for a few years. It's not something you're necessarily stuck with for the rest of your life. "Might be true given a million other factors" isn't really the sort of truth you're looking for when trying to get advice. Let's not turn Dutch cities into another example of the horrifying panopticon that UK cities have become. Leaving aside the question of competence, what alternatives would you suggest? Actually looking at this map, I'm still seeing significant flooding without anything holding water back. When I read your comment I assumed you somehow provided evidence that worrying about the water/coast is nonsensical, reading the map I see the opposite. You can hope that that's the case, but that doesn't mean that it is. In my experience, it is emphatically not the case. The whole idea of electron is that it is built on top of a deeply flawed framework. I can't speak for anyone else, but I cannot see the appeal to writing for something that is broken by design. This is simply untrue. You can try spending some time having an actual conversation with real animal rights activists, you might find out that they're real nuanced people (just like you, hopefully). What Facebook (or for that matter Google) does is not competition. They're far too large to really compete with when you're getting up and running. Everything that even gets close to something they do or might want to do gets bought out. I can't imagine anyone thinks such a situation is in the best interest of the user. A good chunk of his advice is applicable even in moderately high-cost labour countries such as Germany or the Netherlands. I'm sure it also means any other deviation from the norm. Framed as something intrinsically bad, or at least indicative of deafness to tone. That's an even worse idea. You've shifted all of the data from the agency at least tangentially concerned with people's welfare to a corporation only concerned with profit. For a lot of the classes I took, this is what the hours looked like for my classmates as well. I do not think it's that unusual, even. While I grant that you may be correct in this case, this isn't a tenable position to take in general. An overwhelming amount of people do believe patently ridiculous things, and frequently talks about them as if they make sense. The US has a competent military. The country is fundamentally christian - I don't see why the two need to be mutually exclusive. There is a mandatory fee that you will pay for being connected to cable (which most people are, even if they don't necessarily use the TV). This pays for the "free" channels that everyone gets. For people in the EU a EULA isn't legal anyway - unless you need to explicitly agree with it before you can buy the car. Conversations has had frequent complaints about battery life issues, which to my knowledge have always been closed with some variation of "just ask about this on the chat" and/or "this is not something that can be fixed". In the past, I've noticed it doesn't work well for my battery life personally as well (so it's not just rumour). For something that needs to run on a phone, battery life is one of the most important factors to make something actually useful. While the GUI looks great and I don't remember any usability warts, I don't think it's fair to recommend something with an issue this big. As a rule you won't actually get back all the expenses if the case takes a (few) year(s), it's more a symbolic amount. As someone who lives in a country full of easily accessible porn and prostitution, I can promise you the kids here are as depraved as they are anywhere else (that is to say, not very). Human beings need a little bit of downtime for general decompression and whatnot in my experience (unless you want to go for that coveted 35yo burnout status). I'm not saying that that 2-3 hours of tv/social media can't be more efficiently spent on a different form of relaxation plus some kind of after-work job/hobby, but I do think it's oversimplifying a bit to say that leisure activities = waste. The US is not very culturally homogeneous, at least not as far as I understand it. It's precisely this kind of entitled rhetoric that pushes people away from contributing at all. Please try to consider that on the other end of a conversation there is a human being, who doesn't owe you anything and does what he does (in this case) out of pure charity. Wire drains the battery of your phone so hard it's unusable in practice. There has been a bug report about this open since May 2017, with a note that "we're working on it". It hasn't been solved so far. It's important to consider that when you work in any kind of advertising capacity, you are already part of the problem. Anything you have to say that moderates how big of an issue it is should already be suspect to anyone with even a modicum of critical thinking ability. At that point you could try to ask yourself whether or not what you're doing is truly ethical. Maybe then we'd collectively get somewhere. If you prefer to put faith in people's abilities (at this point in time) you're being intentionally headstrong in the face of overwhelming proof that that doesn't work. It's been a very long time since the games in question have launched and they're filled with toxicity. It's kind of sad to realise reading a comment like this now makes me instantly suspicious about whether or not this is "true" enthusiasm or something motivated by profit. It's a fundamentally hard problem to solve, but IMO it is one of the bigger hurdles facing places like this now. I encourage you to maybe go the the EU at some point in your life (and have some meaningful interaction with corporate life there). That will demonstrate to you that the sentiment you're addressing is patently false: Companies in the EU vigorously and constantly hire new people, even though employees have rights. The high end ones take maybe 20s to dry your hands off. Properly drying your hands with paper towels takes at least as long and it wastes paper. What is your problem with an air dryer? I think you'll find almost every community of a competitive game eventually turns into a mostly toxic one. I don't really understand why (it seems a little reductionist to say that most people are toxic and therefore as a community grows most of it will tend towards being toxic), but I keep seeing it no matter what kind of game it is (RTS, MOBA, RPG, etc) I don't understand why you would pick Arabic as an example here. There are languages you could take as alternatives to the mentioned fantasy languages (Mandarin, German if you read a lot of technical literature, etc) that are significantly more relevant and likely to be useful online. Regardless of whether or not this is true (and really it seems to me to be a bit more malicious than large groups of people are consistently capable of), this isn't a super useful way of looking at it. Rather than speculate on why things are the way they are (especially if in this case it's pretty much unsolvable without really big changes), shouldn't we look to solve the problems this is causing (which by and large involves "merely" collecting large amounts of data, which is much less difficult and much more attainable in the short term)? Once blocking by US websites becomes a little more widespread there will be EU alternatives to fill the gaps. Normally I'm not a huge fan of such solutions, but if the alternative is exposing myself to the wild west of unregulated selling of my personal data that is the US I'll learn to live with it. While I agree with your opinion about the GDPR, your analysis of Europe is otherwise plainly wrong. You would be aware of this if you actually followed EU politics (there is currently a strong trend towards right-wing / center politics. Left-leaning parties are moderately out of favour), which you definitely do not have to do. Just try not to spread misinformation on the internet: There is plenty of it to go around already. Because it's the right thing to do? I don't understand why this needs to devolve into an "us vs them" scenario that ends up with the US growing their literal tent slums. Worst case you have to pay (a lot of) fines (at least in the jurisdiction where I am jail time is not an option for stuff like this). That just makes the price go up by however much the fines are and doesn't solve anything. In the end, people are free to do what they want. This is vastly preferable to accidentally leaking customer information. If this is the price we have to pay for having good guarantees that we can be forgotten, I think it is a worthwhile tradeoff. Isn't the whole point of studying these things to find out if what you're saying is true? While it is possible you are correct, I'd really hesitate to say it's obvious in any way, especially as there is a large swathe of population that doesn't particularly care about art. On the other hand, the segment that really doesn't at all like candy is much smaller. This is a tired trope, because this seems to forget that more people also equals more resources to deal with more people. It's not a substantive argument to just say "well there's more of us so this can never work", which is what I assume you're trying to say here. Why was that a huge red flag to you? "contact data" is already a pretty nebulous term. If my experience with European business websites is anything to go by, this is not the sort of requirement that the GP is talking about. He's saying there are more important things in the world to worry about. In what way did you read it? You'll be dismissed as a crackpot, and if it was online you can bet it'll come out in the kind of checks that will be performed for high-profile jobs. Those are very real repercussions, they're just less obvious. The way it would be treated is the domain would be taken down (if that were requested by the victim). I'm not sure if that is EU law or something local. I am fairly certain a lot of EU countries have local provisions that effectively mean the same. I'm not talking about the German laws. Germany is not the right example for how the EU works because in cases like this they are almost always much, much stricter than everyone else. The requirements you noted for a business in the more general case (EU-wide, in other words) are much more lax. Telling them to GTFO doesn't really comfort you if you receive fake (hopefully) bomb packages at home or whatever else (frequent mailings of poop for example). The local police generally also doesn't do very much for you (unless it's really bad, like a real immediate threat to your life from an actual pipe bomb). Even if they do, that doesn't mean it will stop anytime soon. In the meantime it's slowly eating away at your sanity: Is this real mail? Can I go outside for groceries without getting stabbed? These are not fun concerns to have to have. Seeing as it's 100% avoidable and unnecessary to have this information available in this way, I don't think it is a bad thing to remove it. Nowhere in this post do you successfully make the case that he's not old money. You may have demonstrated that he didn't fall victim to many of the tropes that his contemporaries did, but the fact remains he had (a lot) more than most people would at any point in time (including opportunities and contacts). I still remember the moment when Bill Gates switched from being the "Microsoft guy" (during those times sort of akin to the new Satan) to being the "philanthropist" that he is now. I'd say it's been a very successful bit of public relations for him if this is how you see him now.