Taxes (excluding incentives / disincentives to do things as the collective (government) feels benefits society) should take a single exponential curve, a few min gives me this as a starting point: Taxes = PreTaxIncome * (1-(Ratio^((PreTaxIncome - BasicIncome) / BasicIncome))) * subtract basic living income from total * an otherwise equally applied curve where you /always/ take home more for making more (irrespective of how you made it) BUT the more you make the higher the percentage becomes tax. You're taking home disproportionately more of a society therefore your obligations to the society that allows you to make that much are also larger. If you're waiting for some background task and want to experiment use a spreadsheet program and the following: B1 = Ratio A2 = MinimumIncome A3+ = HigherIncomes B2+ = =(1-POWER($B$1,(A2-$A$2)/$A$2))*A2 C2+ = =B2/A2 D2+ = =(A2-B2)/$A$2 I'm not super happy about this particular curve as it's been too long since taking math courses for me to remember how to build in controls that make it easier to shape based on more meaningful numbers. Welcome to the incarceration nation. After the recent posts about RISC-V I'm more interested in that architecture. LowRISC: Open-source RISC-V SoC (9 days ago) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8137521 RISC-V: An Open Standard for SoCs (7 days ago) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8149658 Sort of. You can invite others to a calendar event. However it doesn't inter-operate well with the MS Exchange monoculture, largely because Microsoft, like with filesystems, hasn't yet met a competing standard that they would be willing to support natively. (Example, just look at the horrid IMAP support in practically every version of Outlook. I /think/ Outlook 2010 is the closest so far and it's still got tiny hiccups.) The left most lane (excluding HOV lanes) is for /passing/. Unless you are passing you should NOT be in this lane. Remaining in this lane, even doing the speed limit, while someone is behind you clearly wanting to go faster (that's their problem, not your's) is failure to yield. It would only be possible if a limit were enforced on all non-primary namespaces. However something that has been /possible/ for a while (but not in practice done) would be to elevate root process priority over other processes. Probably not done due to daemons needing to run as root (which is decreasing as they're able to drop privileges these days). With incentives like /that/ I too would buy a Tesla. Eliminate things from the list that are payment at service time (fast food, transit, stores, etc). Even cable, America's biggest luxury addiction, has some trouble obtaining payment. However what I'd like to see far more is a systemic solution. Instead of permatemps, part time workers, new hire probation (sort of), or even wellfare, 'unemployment' should mean more like a new deal program. There will be something for all workers to do, preferably in/near their training. If there is not, based on aptitude, retraining will be subsidized while more generic work is scheduled around the training. All initial hires/temps/etc will be paid for at full pro-rated cost (but less inherent risk/mutual solidity) by companies in question. The government will also pass on only a discounted rate of payment (but full benefits otherwise) to encourage the worker to land a job outside of the support system. My standard library does not contain any such rule. I therefore consider such a rule to not be common sense/knowledge. Please /define/ what you consider the 'standard' rule to be. Offhand, yes there are situations that I realize qualify as such (usually the gold digger style scenarios), however I have never heard of an actual logically applicable /rule/ to quantify that emotional sentiment. I'm not sure which country has it, but I'll generalize some criteria: * Able to make rational decisions for one's self. * Successful co-operation with already existing 'adults'. * Able to produce surplus survival resources to enable successful raising of offspring. By the above requirements I would suspect that if you removed an automatic assumption of truth based on chronological age, that a majority of American 'adults' would fail at lease one item on the above list. In some cases it really isn't their fault, but a fault of society failing to correct it's own conditions. It would probably be faster to directly 'hack' a raw IEEE 754 floating number: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_754-1985 The helpful Examples section already contains the numbers 0 and 1. Let us assume that the output is supposed to be between 0 and 1; it seems that 0 should be inclusive and 1 exclusive for the most balanced 'quick' output. Those two numbers have the leading binary format: 0 (8 or 11 bits exponent) (23 or 52 bits fraction) For either 32 or 64 bit floats. Thus for a float (32 bit): 0 0 (7 bits) (23 bits) 30 bits of randomness are necessary, HOWEVER 0 01111111 is already one when the fraction is all 0s. The easiest solution I can see is to evenly drop some precision: A reference for the casting procedure: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fast_inverse_square_root#Overvi... Pseudo: uint32 randomNumber; ... set the random somehow, maybe rand() maybe /dev/urandom etc ... randomNumber &= 0x3F7FFFFF; return * (float *) &randomNumber; Now that you mention it, that would also be an issue for the technique you describe; specifiable to the rounding characteristics for truncated numbers. It's probably a better design idea to have a predictable sequence of float (like, application dependent) results and randomly select from within said sequence. In what way is this keeping the peace or beneficial to the public? Actions like the above are why many citizens do not respect the laws and those who apply them; because they are not acting in a fittingly honorable manor. So they have to become the Rats of NIMH for the experiment to be a success? Let us hope we never unintentionally go that far with an experiment. I would not want to create a cursed form of sentient life; if it is to be done it should be done to increase diversity and resistance to intelligence ending disasters. The current assumption should be that they are always targeted. This has always been the case, even before Snowden or any other events. It could also be that participating in the study addresses sources of depression by giving the subject a way that they are 'helping out' society, or are 'cared about' etc. There are probably many factors to depression which may include chemical or structural causes; however the human brain is a complex self adapting analog computer. It would be foolish to think that such a system can be reduced a single or even simple set of controlled variables. Your vanity is probably specked for something similar to 30 or 40 watt bulbs. You could replace with half as many bulbs (leaving old dead bulbs in place or using some other socket filler) that produce equivalent light to reduce the costs. Pick a 'usb stick' distro of choice (my choice is usually sysrescuecd) and boot that image off of media or virtual media if you have one of those remotely managed systems. Though it sure would be nice if said systems could pull the image off of a mirror local to the DC. Alternatively, build a similar rescue option in to your boot menu; if that's broken you've got no choice anyway. Translating idiot: they implicitly meant 'in the rest of the world' instead of 'the world' (probably wrote it that way to begin with actually... and someone else probably 'made it shorter'). I've often heard the phrase 'English borrowed' in relation to words obtained from other languages. English needs to /steal/ and should have stolen in all such cases. Sure, take how the thing is said and even the meaning, but strictly adhere to a single simple set of rules without exceptions for encoding that verbal language to written form and for decoding it back to speech. I refuse to participate in these wastes of my time (I have far more entertaining things to waste my time with). I do, however, make every effort to exercise my right to vote so that I earn the privilege of 'complaining' about results I dislike (what I voted for didn't win, what I voted for sold us out, the thing I wanted to vote for wasn't an option because of gerrymandering (which is what any form of distracting is)). Remembering that there's no possible way we could know how many years away a thing is; the numbers are clearly a guesstimate. They're more of a rounded (hence the clustering at or away from given numbers) measure of the remaining 'effort' versus 'difficulty'. Very likely there is some absolute time required (experiments take time to run), but throwing more people (and more importantly, more resources to run experiments and gather data) at the problem /would/ get to an end result faster (though how much faster is open to debate; it's sort of like asking how much effort does it take to win a top 30th percentile prize from a lottery). Do you use other data to correlate locations that might have different offsets at different times? (EG; slightly pressurized buildings with forced air circulation or vehicles in motion?) Or are such offsets too minuscule to notice? Duplication is a form of forward error correction. You would be amazed what various broken tools can produce for filenames. UI issues; on display format all /printing display elements/ (including spaces as spaces and things that look like whitespace but aren't spaces) with readable glyphs, or those numeric standins for non-rendering glyphs. The very worst enemy operates on the belief that they are helping you/the majority. The only way to win against such an enemy is to educate them on the error of their ways. Support transparency. Support sunset clauses (continue to justify a thing is necessary). Support full accountability. I had thought this was already discussed given that I usually see stories on Hacker News before other sites (and thus that I'd missed the discussion of this topic). Assuming this is a new posting; while I agree this is good from the perspectives of what IBM appears to consider it's core business and also from the viewpoint of having stronger competition among third party foundries I am curious about an aspect that was mentioned but not well discussed on those other stories. "With IBM essentially bowing out of everything other than R&D and GlobalFoundries licensing Samsung’s 14nm process rather than licensing IBM’s or developing their own, Samsung is now the strongest member in a party of 2. How GlobalFoundries and Samsung continue this relationship – and more importantly GlobalFoundries’ role as a developer versus a customer/licensee – remains to be seen." (Ref: http://www.anandtech.com/show/8631/globalfoundries-acquires-... ) How does this reflect competition between these third party foundries used by Intel's competition on many fronts (AMD and various embedded system/mobile device chipset manufacturers) with respect to narrowing or eliminating the process node advantage? I think your rough list is... Apple Google Microsoft (in terms of how lucrative developing for a given platform seems). I like how Blackberry is considered 'effectively dead'; I've felt the same way since they failed to react to the iPhone. I believe that reflection upon these results is critical to any attempt at raising the economic productivity of a region. It seems clear that infrastructure, education, and business development incentives (even if only in making it easier to found and afford to fail at making a go of a small business) are critical ingredients to economic vitality. "push 'tombstone' record to invalidate cache" For that /alone/ this is technically superior and that's frosting on the cake. Now if only we could also get DNS servers to reply with similar packages of useful data. At a glance this appears to be running linear reads of memory with different alignments and performing the same work. Thus the only difference between the two for any algorithm which fits within (even L1 cache in this case) would be a single additional memory read. The most fascinating aspect of this is that he sounds like an absolutely ordinary guy 'just following orders'; it's likely what he actually was and has been. The evil of legitimizing immoral actions is that they become what is, within that context, justice. This is the best that normal people can understand... unless you trick them in to being smart. Voters, thanks to mainstream media, understand the concept of 'voting off' or expressing whom they have the most dis-approval for. Thus get voters to construct a ranking from least to most liked; which you can invert to get the most to least liked. IRV also has poor behavior in the process for selecting whom to remove. My personal solution for that is to remove 'winners' until all that's left is a single candidate; that is the candidate that failed to win any election possible in that round and the one to drop. Re-calculate until there are the target number of candidates left and you have the set of IRV plurality winners (I wasn't even aware of the term plurality until CGPGrey's wonderful series on voting brought up the methods of voting in Robert's Rules of Order). You're asking for a persistent first class function; write it like one. Continuing that hypothetical: Most of the effects that climate scientists predict will happen as a result of increased global mean temperature are highly negative; from the extinction of many species to the loss of coastal habitats (for humans). In a non-political world we would compare the costs of climate engineering practices against the costs of taking the resulting losses from failure to act. The setup you're describing is, if at all urban, only barely so. Really on an area average you've just described a suburbs which happened to develop with a dense enough core that there is little or no 'free parking' for the businesses. It would be like me picking out the area called 'west Seattle' (one of the near by suburbs of Seattle) when I should really be talking about Seattle as the urban environment. Getting as little sleep as we do is 'un natural'. I'd argue that, including a nocturnal wandering break of some kind (as I recall hearing used to be normal prior to the widespread use of electricity) around 10 hours of darkness (on average) and 'rest at night' would be what we evolved as being setup for. To instead push the boundaries to midnight or later (as I tend to want to do my self) and then to be required to get up before even 8AM is really not leaving enough time for good rest. It doesn't help that the area I'm in is closer to the 49th parallel than the 45th and also has easterly mountains; thus making natural sunrise artificially later. It's no wonder Seattle has such a caffeine addiction. Even if this does work, all it validates (measures) is the accuracy of guessing outcome. It does not (as mentioned via reference to global score) actually measure what the best odds for likelyhood are. The system also does not account for new entry in to the surgical field, nor doctors changing in skill and accuracy over time (the data doesn't have aging parameters). Forward security typically means you make it possible, after the session is complete, for anyone to have said anything during the session. Thus making it possible for any potential log of said session to be forged and presented as 'evidence'; therefore implying that even a log which happens to exist on someone's computer is in fact forged (or more to the point, that any potentially recovered log or monitored log is forged; even if an identity has signed off on the session key). So if 'PFS' was used with a sent message then anyone/everyone would be able to read or forge the message. This is not the problem that PGP/OpenPGP was designed to solve. No, you should have written an array of values to begin with. Coercing data types is surely more wrong than taking the most recently supplied value for a given key in a map. Or just outright make this the equivalent of high school, but for students that actually /want/ to be there, instead of whom are /required/ to be there. That, and sports distractions instead of academic pursuits, are the most grievous reasons 'High School' isn't fulfilling the role that '2 years of community college' is supposed to provide. It's easier for things that are written in broken ways that work best with Apache because that's the only platform they targeted. I choose not to smoke or drink my self. What others decide to do to themselves within a safe context that does not endanger my self or others is the business of the consenting adults involved as long as it is only them involved. I fully support legalizing, regulating, and taxing everything . Some things might be too dangerous to allow outside of carefully setup environments. There will of course be things that someone could come up with which shouldn't be allowed and obvious reasons for that. However there are vastly many things which are safe, or dangerous mostly because they are not legal, and may be interesting that are not presently legal in many places. Open book, large project 'tests'. Do the job, make the thing, etc. If you have to observe the process. Different meaning of 'time'. Why can't we have two scales of 'time', one for marking what we'd now call 'absolute time' (an arbitrary clock that is the same all over, E.G. UTC) and another for 'time of day' (in a given location); they should also be displayed uniquely so that it's not possible to confuse one with the other. Let's pick an arbitrary time. As a high tech society no longer ruled by sun dials we should instead make the start of the scale 'dawn' (on average). 'noon' would be at 25% of that scale, 'sunset' at 50%, midnight at 75% and 'dawn' again would be 100%/0% where it loops. I think 00 Monday might be good shorthand for 'dawn' Monday, though most would still say 'dawn Monday', however 10 Monday would be a good marker for when you might want to meet someone for your daily dose of caffeine. 40 through 60 might be when you'd prefer to eat dinner. This makes me want a Tesla. That company actually seems to hire qualified engineers given the failure modes it's had in the exceedingly rare cases of accidents that have thus far made the news. Agreed. As I see it there are two main design methods for overcoming this issue. The first is better for 'anonymous' services; require the client to send a packet of the same size as the buffer they want to receive. It's network in-efficient but for small requests better than the delay in setting up an actual session. It eliminates the chance of amplification attacks. The second is to establish /some/ kind of session. This might be as 'simple' as logging in, or it could just involve a few round trip communications that indicate the client /is/ listening to server replies. That eliminates every DDoS style except for a man in the middle capable amplification vectors; yet if MitM is possible then why bother with DDoS. How about just measure entropy based on some criteria (using things from different sets MIGHT count as entropy for each new unique set) and letting the end user decide what goes in to the password and how long it is? Think about what you've just said. How insecure is sending the password (hopefully over an HTTPS connection!) to a remote server?