I think the hacker expectation is that a free open mobile OS would not be tied to a single programming environment and making it easy to port the mass of existing qt code would be useful. Outside the US coupons are not a big business, at least in the countries I know. So I wonder if it will translate as profitably in the rest of the world. I cant imagine anyone switching to Silverlight now, its already dying, as MS have admitted, they only cant kill it before they release HTML5 for WP7 later this year. Regarding this as pruning knowledge is rather exaggerated. First wikipedia deletions are not deletions, they are just hidden from most users but can be viewed or restored. Second this is not primary knowledge it is a very short and incomplete summary of the primary sources. This recipe was published years ago in the book For God, Country and Coca-Cola by Mark Prendergast. He found it in the archives while researching the book. It is not the current recipe, as some changes have been made. Its an excellent book too, with the history of the new coke fiasco and the early years. PhoneGap sees itself as a temporary measure and everything should be a browser capability. They bridge the OS capabilities that are not available now in the browser. Same issues with s3 with sync updates. Might be easier to work around as you have etags but wont work out of the box. I have indirectly heard of someone writing a Javascript client for git using the http transport. It should be doable though a fair amount of work. I don't think discovery and recommendation are worth much. I pay for Spotify for the access, I would not pay for recommendations, which can be built on any addressable technology via social networks anyway. Spotify already have negative margins though so 30% wont work. To stop subscribers copying all the content and then unsubscribing. For services where most of the value is in the back catalogue this is a risk. There have been some attempts to make a line oriented XML format so that shell tools work; doing the same thing with JSON is possible too; there are a few ways to do it. Have been meaning to give it a go at some point. In my view it makes more sense than building a new set of tools, especially as the Jshon ones do not really seem to compose properly. References for XML: http://www.lbreyer.com/unix_xml-1.html http://www.ofb.net/~egnor/xml2/ http://gnosis.cx/publish/programming/xml_matters_17.html Most of the operations do not map any json to json, so you cant pipe them. The whole design principle of the unix command line tools is that they all map lines to lines so anything is composable. So for json I would want a structure match corresponding to grep, filter and map operations, merges etc each of which maps valid json to valid json. LuaTeX looks promising, embedding Lua as a scripting language over the underlying algorithms. The LuaJit FFI includes a C parser so you can pretty much just paste in the header file. http://luajit.org/ext_ffi_tutorial.html - its not complete yet but seems pretty nice. You could do something like that for Ruby. For Lua it is also much faster than using the standard C bindings as the optimizer can see what is going on. Having an FFI like this in a language is a really nice feature. If you are obsessed by creole cooking and have some old books as part of your web content, sure. I cant see them making up more than a small proportion of a great creole cooking site though, you need new content, commentary and so on too. Cook all the recipes in the old books and add pictures and descriptions... If you seriously believe that show the evidence. You have the geocities archive and the wikipedia dumps. I think you will not find thats where wikipedia was sourced from. For a start most of it was written much more recently than that. Yes, as the article points out, if you don't go mad and apply far too much compression like so much recorded music does. Over compression is hideous... I stopped using my G5 because there is no ppc support in v8 and hence node.js. Most of the new JITs dont support ppc. I havent got rid of it yet though and I dont see the point in installing Linux until Apple stop security updates for 10.5 which is some way off... Useful for testing code where endianness matters. Yeah especially as the Atom N550 which has been out for a while has 64 bit support. Any article that calls a cpu a brain has no place on hacker news. Only seems to be 2Gb RAM support too, single channel, non ECC. And Atom is very slow... I dont think its worth using the Ubuntu install its just too old. At the moment easiest to install by hand, and script something for production. Use Linux containers (lxc). Exactly what you need... He doesn't seem to have tried Tsung which is a good solution for this scale of testing. 18-5-2 using two windows, one to see what it would do and then choosing what beats that in the other. The moves drop off the bottom so this strategy gradually loses efficiency, but its enough to beat it... My first computer! Although I started programming on the Acorn Atom just before that. The combination of wobbly RAM pack and thump sensitive keyboard was not a good one. But those were exciting times. I am not sure that it has its place in distributed systems. That sort of tight service coupling was the SOAP model. A REST model will tell you the valid actions at runtime ie the valid moves or actions as URLs, a looser coupling and also safe. You have to recompile both sides of the API if you change the types and redeploy together. There is also a coroutine based embedding of Lua/Luajit in nginx if you want to embed into a web server environment (without callbacks). https://github.com/chaoslawful/lua-nginx-module Interesting now lighttpd, nginx and apache are all going to have some degree of integration of Lua in request processing. Its really useful having a real programming language built right in. First you probably want to make authentication stateless rather than having a server side database. Something like a cookie containing encrypt( salt + expiry + username) is normal and can be validated without a database access. Second you take your security advice from a professional not someone who does not seem to know what they are talking about. Another crappy time based events in video demo. What we need is arbitrary events embedded in the video stream which the browser can listen for. One use is subtitles (which are being worked on) but we need to be able to add any other type of metadata event to the transport stream. Probably time for Apple to start using the process sandboxing from Chromium in Safari. If you are running a jit you need to make data executable so it isnt going away. As Apple control the OS they should be able to design a good Javascript sandbox. They do have internet access, not some random radio update protocol. When I wrote the software for the Coke and Samsung screens in Picadilly Circus in London (the times square equivalent) we used wired internet or brought hard drives in. We did actually have wifi access (firewalled though) to ground level. All running Linux then. Alas i didnt get a photo of the one time we got a bootup screen on the sign with penguin after a power cut. No, you can add a field on a server that some clients do not yet use without changing the semantics for the clients that do not know about it, for example. The loosely coupled model is more or less Duck typing for interfaces. Actually URLs are supposd to be opaque in rest so that is correct. Nice urls with http verbs but no hateos is what most "REST" APIs are though. Yes they are a nice bit of hardware. They emulate a usb keyboard so work on pretty much anything except an ipad. The software is open and they have several modes and you can code your own keys into them. Its about low cost. You will be able to buy a router that is either completely dumb, no OS at all, controlled remotely by your cloud control infrastructure, or maybe add into your Linux server as a card. Dont pay for all that cisco os and a cpu to run it that you dont need. The raw networking silicon plus some ports is pretty cheap and will get cheaper. Commoditization... It is easier to use iOS devices untethered once you stop using Apple's rather poor cloud services. I unsubscribed to MobileMe a while back and no longer use iTunes except for software updates. I use Spotify for music now, use Google calendar synced via the exchange integration, Plaintext for dropbox synced notes, etc. A few months after that I didnt buy another Mac and switched to Ubuntu... Apple are so far behind on cloud services and still charge $99 for mobile me. Switched that spend to spotify instead... They need to come up with some very compelling services to compete. It is not about second rank universities. It is about universities in the third world and people who cannot afford to go to universities at all, and it is about the support of universities for open access to learning. Yes Amazon has PCI compliance now, well the parts they need. The physical security is fine too, their datacentres are well secured. So this type of workload is possible. I think it is more of a credit check than a use case you need. I have had security conscious hosting providers who have done a proper fingerprint validation over the phone half each way for ssh fingerprints. Its rare though. Sign of a good provider... Yeah I am not sure I will use it except when an Apache project appears in the search results in which case I will probably just click it automatically... After a bit of testing I am starting some more serious Nginx+Lua development. The big advantage is that it is a pretty mature http stack that is tested in production at scale, unlike some of the newer frameworks (that you probably run behind nginx anyway). It still has some limitations like the proxy module only supports http 1.0 and some of the chunked encoding stuff is partial at this point, but it is generally sufficient. Luajit is really fast and nice to use (the ffi interface can call C directly) and coroutines mean that blocking calls can just drop back to the event loop. You have to write anything blocking as an nginx module though, hence this collection of modules as a bundle. Having a real programming language in the context of a web server is nice, you can either do small things like write complex auth that you might otherwise have a proxy for, or you can write full content handlers. Agentzh is pretty helpful on the nginx list with issues too. Perl is just the the built process of the bundle. Lua is the programming language inside Nginx. Tir looks nice too. It is more targeted at websocket type applications, although it is general purpose too. Nginx supports more traditional HTTP models, I dont know of any native websocket support for it, but you can of course use it to proxy to mongrel/node or whatever. Nginx has the maturity advantage, and you can use it as a proxy, load balancer, and so on. With the Lua support and these additional modules that taobao developed you get a full environment all in one place. Ah BT. Calling them an ISP is not very accurate. The former telecoms arm of the postal service, later a privatised monopoly service. Avoided by anyone who can, but with a head office who believes that if only they could become a tv station all would be well, while we wish that they would be broken up into some competitive organizations that might be relevant. No way they can run a successful music service.... Languages/implementations also vary in how much overhead switching to C costs you, especially in loops say, which eg the pidigits benchmark does sort of measure. Right now it looks like LuaJIT is your best option for this type of performance. PyPy might get there eventually though... I would like to see a security page. It is not clear if your app is isolated in its own microinstance or shared in some way that should be specified. Wordpress. The database backed era this post talks about didnt really use web architecture well, or good software architecture to perform. Aimed at ease of use instead. Mind you I am not convinced that event driven js is going to deliver high performance blogs either. Must move my blog off Wordpress before getting featured here... The article is claiming that we are removing from resources (http, rest) to events, ie apps, for everything. I do think there is still space for the other style done well, with content, but a lot of people seem not to. One of the facets of the web/app war.