It's apparently more complicated than that. Here's a review by one of her former professors: http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/review... Yes, Javac is open source. You can't get any more official than that. http://openjdk.java.net/groups/compiler/ Neat. Is there a class hierarchy browser? I've always thought of humor as a way of gaining trust. A joke that succeeds proves that you share a common understanding about some aspect of life. This is why explaining a joke never works (if you have to explain it, it proves you didn't understand each other), and why it's much easier to get a friend to laugh than a stranger; if someone already knows and trusts you, any little thing will remind them of that trust. It's also why insider jokes are only funny to insiders; they are a way of proving shared knowledge and cannot work without it. It sounds like these researchers showed a special case of this: if you want be the leader in a situation then you need to be able to get people to trust you, so naturally would-be leaders will tell jokes in an attempt to create and reinforce trust. Also, if you're not a leader and you tell a joke then it could be considered a challenge by an insecure leader, so this will be avoided by people who don't want to rock the boat. But to say that jokes are only about aggression is too much. If everyone in the group is comfortable telling jokes then that's a sign that there's a lot of mutual trust. Compartamos in Mexico is a for-profit bank making microloans. There's some controversy about that: http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/05/business/worldbusiness/05m... A bigger difference is that the donors aren't the customers. A charity has positive cash flow so long as it pleases its donors, who don't necessarily know what's really happening with the people who receive the charity's services. "According to Ithaca Fire Department statistics, Lowe was the fifteenth person to die in Ithaca's gorges since 2000—and the fourth to drown in that particular pool since 1986. When most people think of gorge deaths, they think of the jumpers who have given Cornell an unwanted (and unwarranted) reputation as a suicide hot spot. But Ithaca Police Officer Doug Hoyt estimates that about half of those fifteen deaths were accidents caused by turbulent water, slippery rocks, fallen trees, and a host of other natural features. The local community has mourned each death. But Lowe's passing—coming in the wake of the drowning the previous year of Jeevan Mykoo, a thirty-year-old tourist from Ottawa, and the 2006 death of Navin Parthasarathy, a visiting graduate student from the University of California, Santa Barbara—has spurred a widespread debate about how to deal with the dangers and appeals of one of Cornell's great natural attractions." http://cornellalumnimagazine.com/index.php?option=com_conten... Bugs in things that radiation at people make headlines and people tend to remember them. It's called availability bias. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Availability_heuristic Canada's also turning parts of Alberta into a wasteland. http://www.flickr.com/photos/pembina/sets/72157621954583656/ I'd recommend Partners in Health, which has run a well-regarded hospital in Haiti for decades. More here: http://www.standwithhaiti.org/haiti/news There's no way to answer this question unless you say what the server is supposed to do. Why do you need "low-level control"? How do you plan to deploy the server when you're done? Who will maintain it? This is a repost of an article that's at least a decade old. It has references to jre 1.1.8, green threads versus native threads, and so on. How is that making fun of anyone? It's true, and people who actually take care of retarded children and adults have to come to terms with it. Who's going to take care of them when you can't anymore? The shock comes from finding selfishness in something that isn't selfish at all. How many people would volunteer to take care of retarded children they don't know for even a day? Absolutely! There are lots of one-person projects on Github; I have a few of my own. They already do what I want, but could be expanded to be useful to more people. Anyone who wants to dive in could make a big difference. The tricky bit is that I'm not really looking for one-person open source projects to contribute to, so how would I ever notice them? It seems like there's an opportunity here. There are contracting firms that take a far smaller cut. However, they won't find work for you, so if you don't find it on your own then you won't be paid. A reasonable compromise would be to require providers of alternative medicine to show that it's not harmful . Maybe it doesn't do anything, but that's for others to decide. Those are the standard claims, but drowning the reader in code that consists of lots of tiny, obscurely named functions (most of which you just defined), combined with abstractions based on high-level mathematics, limits your audience to people who would be comfortable reading mathematics papers. That's pretty much the opposite of making it easier to understand something. I like Haskell for the intellectual challenge, but if the aim is to write clear example code that will be understandable to a large audience, you'd be much better off writing it in Python. It's amusing to hear the common myth that the Linux kernel is a huge project. No, a huge project is something like Gentoo or Ubuntu. Try to put all the source code for every package in a Linux distribution into a single Git repository and it (obviously) will fall over, because it would be tough to fit that on one machine. So if you're using Git, the best practice is "don't do that, then." But I work at a large company where all the source code is in a single repostory . Being able to do a partial checkout (your package and its dependencies, on the head branch only) is essential for us and it's not a workflow Git supports at all. I do agree, however, that Git is fast enough for any open source project out there. It's just not scalable to large organizations. For Java I agree, more and shorter methods are better. But then I see Haskell programs with zillions of one-line functions and higher math to do trivial things, and then I can understand where he's coming from. In Ubuntu it wouldn't make sense because they're taking most of the code from upstream anyway and it changes slowly; I was just using it to give a sense of scale. The scenario where a single repository becomes handy is when you want to change a method in a shared library fix all the callers in the same commit, and you can do that because the code isn't public and you know all the callers. (It's much the same reason Linux prefers drivers to be in-tree.) But I'm not sure I entirely want to defend this model; just pointing out that it exists, and the people who like it aren't going to change how the whole company works just to adopt git. He forgets that feeling bad about previous mistakes helps you remember them and improves future decision-making. Someone who could immediately put previous bad choices out of their mind once they've made a decision probably wouldn't learn much. It's understandable that people get tired of repeating themselves, but on the other hand, if you're trying to be a leader and you're not selling your ideas to everyone around you who might listen (and using this as practice to improve your ideas and your sales pitch), you're not doing your job. I may not buy your argument but I'll respect you more for genuinely trying to sell it to me on it than for ignoring me. For phone numbers, this library might help: http://code.google.com/p/libphonenumber/ It seems like isBlank() would mean null or empty or all whitespace? No, you can't install your own C libraries. There's an imaging library built in: http://code.google.com/appengine/docs/python/images/usingima... I've not run it myself, but a neighboring team tried it and switched to Java due to latency issues. Remember that anything you do at startup will affect latency for some requests when App Engine has to spin up a new JVM. It's to your advantage to make startup times as fast as possible. "Don't allow yourself to get desperate. Studies about how people make decisions when under pressure show that you lose flexibility when there's a deadline looming. You try the first thing that comes to mind, and unless you're an expert, it's frequently the wrong thing (and even when you're an expert it's frequently the wrong thing). (Klein, 1998)" This rings true, but where could I read more online about these studies? As stated this is far too ambitious a goal. But let's say we don't worry about traffic analysis and just protect the content. What would a minimal "git with privacy" look like? The're terrible even at the bottom. The problem with 360 reviews is that writing reviews of your co-workers is excruciating, and the more inclined you are to be critical, the worse it is. It's essentially impossible to be honest without making people you have to work with every day unhappy, so I spend most of the time trying to think up nice things to say while not being completely dishonest. (And therefore I distrust the nice things they say about me.) I can't think of anything less likely to promote honest communication. If they're smart then it would actually be a very restrictive subset of Python, not the full language. Most importantly, the movie is great! Time to watch it again. And if you're the kind of person who likes to order a veggie burger with bacon, I highly recommend you watch it using YouTube's fine streaming DRM: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzTg7YXuy34 This particular proposal isn't very well thought out, but plenty of other people have had similar ideas, going back at least to Keynes: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_transaction_tax http://news.google.com/news/search?q=%22financial+transactio... You could start out that way and get pretty far, but eventually the language will get complicated enough that you'll want something more like LaTex than like JSON if you want it to be readable. Musical notation is often deliberately ambiguous to allow for interpretation. Tempo is often approximate. Durations are often approximate or implied (such as swing time). Volume is very approximate. And then there are various kinds of hinting. The hints need to be in the source code because nobody wants to specify them with more precision. But that said, I'd be perfectly happy with something basic that runs in a browser. So how do you find out whether they're ignorant of that? A good way is to search for things that people probably didn't mean to reveal publicly. If a large number of people don't know what they're doing, that's a UI design fail. It doesn't matter whether they should have known. (I suspect Twitter has the same problem. People should know it's completely public, but I suspect many don't.) Coming from Perforce, I'd say that git's model seems overly rigid. In Perforce, workflow looks like this: - edit files A, B, C, D, E in the default changelist. - put A and B in changelist #1 - put C, D, E in changelist #2 - oops, C is the wrong changelist. Move it to #1. - edit file F (starts out in default changelist) - put F in changelist #1 - send both changelists out for review. - edit file B based on review. Run tests to make sure both CLs work together. - commit one of the CL's So the basic idea is that I have multiple changelists open simultaneously and the contents of the changelists are fluid. I can keep changing my mind about them until commit. Of course, since Perforce CL's are file-based, this all breaks down if I want overlapping uncommitted CL's. Git handles that better, which is why I'm using Git now. But I still miss the ease of use of Perforce when working on multiple CL's. Sure, the commits in Git are only local and you can always edit them until you do a push, but it seems like I have to plan ahead more and commit more often, or I end up having to split or merge CL's using commands I'm not very comfortable with. Yep, that's the standard answer. But (a) why does the average investor care about short term liquidity? Mutual funds only let you sell once a day and most people are perfectly happy with that. And (b) what good is liquidity that disappears when you need it most? It's a self-serving argument at best. I sometimes wonder why the whole thing couldn't be replaced with a giant daily auction. Again, that's the standard answer, but it's frequently repeated and never proven. I don't see it as anything more than conventional wisdom. I wonder if this is true? From: http://pinyin.info/readings/texts/chinesewriting.html "Since Cantonese, Shanghainese, and other nonstandard varieties differ from Mandarin not just in sound but also in vocabulary and grammar, the characters cannot bridge this gap by themselves, even with their relative neutrality toward sound.7 Much of the core vocabulary of non-Mandarin Chinese has no counterpart in Mandarin and no recognized character representation. Conversely, many Mandarin terms for which characters do exist are foreign to non-Mandarin speakers. The fact that nonstandard speakers can read a text in the standard language simply means that these speakers are bilingual. They have learned written Mandarin as a second language. They know enough vocabulary and grammar to make sense of Mandarin texts, much as I know enough French words and grammar to read that language (without being able to pronounce it convincingly, much less to speak it fluently). If Chinese characters have unified the Chinese languages, then the alphabet has unified French and English. "The characters do allow nonstandard speakers to use their own pronunciations to read Mandarin texts. So instead of acclimating to the national standard, nonstandard speakers reinforce their own speech habits and add to the vitality of their "dialect" by introducing new vocabulary from Mandarin, which they pronounce their own way by analogy. Whether alphabetic scripts should be used to provide China's non-Mandarin speakers with the means to become literate in their own language is a political question outside the scope of the present inquiry. But one thing is certain: since non-Mandarin speakers are forced anyway to learn a second language, it would make more sense from the viewpoint of those promoting unity if this bilingualism were achieved through Mandarin written in the pinyin alphabet.8 The incentive to learn the national standard, including its pronunciation, would be higher than it is today if one's ability to read depended on it. As it is now, nonstandard speakers work their way through standard texts using whatever pronunciation comes naturally, not fully learning Mandarin and not reading their own languages either." Yes, many people are working on solutions, but I think the point is that for green industry to succeed, growth in energy consumption has to actually stop, and preferably reverse. It's good to be clear about about the goal. You realize that this isn't about renting a U-haul, right? It's about traveling, on foot or by public transportation, to somewhere where you don't own any land, don't speak the language, and don't know anyone. In other words, to become a refugee. There are plenty of people like that already, but they tend to move to the cities. Actually, he doesn't think much of Julian Simon and says why. Actually, what I meant to say is that fossil fuel consumption has to stop growing and preferably decline. But there are limits to green energy too. For a British take on this: http://www.withouthotair.com/ In the short term, sudden changes in energy consumption are very disruptive. (For example, see gas prices and the auto industry last year.) But a longer-term, gradual shift towards less energy usage need not be. Flight fundamentally depends on cheap, portable energy. When energy is cheap and travel times are long, spending more energy to get there faster makes sense. But the Concorde was already on the marginal side of that curve. Those faster planes, not to mention things like flying cars and jetpacks, are dreams from the era of (apparently) limitless cheap energy. Passenger space ultimately depends on cheap energy too, which is why the innovation we see is in things like entertainment systems, climate control, bigger windows, reduced noise, and so on that don't require more space. A correction: the article refers to Kevin Kelly as the "founder" of Wired, when actually it's Louis Rossetto. (I wonder what else they got wrong?) Since technology companies are a major cause of the high cost of living in Silicon Valley (by increasing the demand for housing by people who can well afford to pay), it's hard to see how you can reduce the cost of living without making Silicon Valley less attractive to entrepreneurs. Supply is fixed by the amount of land, the consensus that remaining open spaces should be protected, and zoning laws in desirable communities that prevent higher density. Of course this could be relaxed but that only buys us a few years before the new housing fills up and we're back where we started, but with a more crowded community, one step closer to Manhattan. The steady state in a built-up place like the bay area is zero growth in housing. You can split it up any way you want to, so long as you don't require more than 1-2 transaction per second in each entity group. On the other hand, lots of tiny entities doesn't perform well either. So it's a pretty severe design constraint. To get decent performance for batch jobs, I use the remote API with bulk gets and bulk puts and no transactions. But that's useful only for inserts or when you've taken the application offline. There may be an interesting effect, but I previously read an article questioning whether the study did enough to rule out placebo effects: "Taken on its own merits, this is a nice piece of biochemistry. But what does it really tell us about acupuncture? Does it actually validate this ancient method as a way of relieving pain? After reading the paper, you might walk away with that idea that we’re one step closer to understanding how a treatment with real medical benefits really works [...] "But these results have to be considered in the light of those that came before it. As mentioned above, new scientific discoveries stand on the shoulders of giants and in the case of acupuncture – one of the most well-researched of all “alternative therapies” – those shoulders are particularly large. "Many trials have demonstrated that acupuncture does have some pain-relieving effects – that is not in doubt. And as Steven Novella notes, unlike things like homeopathy or reiki, with acupuncture “something physical is actually happening… so it is therefore not impossible that a physiological response is happening”. But the big questions are whether this effect is genuine of nothing more than a placebo." From: http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/notrocketscience/2010/05/3... Unfortunately, it doesn't explain to the newcomer why this language is worth learning. I was expecting some kind of feature comparison or "Why another language?" article. (That's a first impression. Then I read the comments here, and discovered it's based on PLT Scheme, which at least tell s me a little about what to expect.)