Overall, the researchers claim, eliminating depression and anxiety would reduce misery by 20%, whereas eliminating poverty would reduce it by just 5%. If we want to reduce misery in the developed world, then mental health is the biggest challenge we need to overcome. Everything I have ever seen suggests that the chronically poor have intractable personal issues, such as medical problems, mental health problems, learning disabilities or other personal issues. So this seems like a false dichotomy to me. I have lived without a car for like a decade. It is shocking how much the world is designed for cars. This winds up being a de facto "screw you" to everyone else, including people reliant on public transit. Many people reliant on public transit are either poor or handicapped (thus can't drive) or both. I wish this project well. Glad to see it on the front page. Makes me think of this piece: https://alittlemoresauce.com/2014/08/20/what-my-bike-has-tau... (Of course some folks object to that piece: http://grist.org/cities/please-people-stop-using-bikes-to-wh... ) I don't really understand that use of the word orthogonal. But for clarity's sake: I have read about issues like poverty for decades. In any given year, about 10 to 15 percent of Americans are below the federal poverty level. But only about 2 percent of Americans are chronically poor. This is typically defined as below the federal poverty level for at least 5 years out of 10. In fact, I have even seen stats that suggest that being in the bottom 20 percent in one year is actually a reasonable predictor for being in the top 20 percent the following year. Some people below the federal poverty level in a given year are temporarily unemployed and job hunting. In some cases, they are actually starting a new business. So, most folks don't stay below the poverty level. The people who are chronically poor are the ones that have significant personal challenges. These personal challenges both make them miserable and are also a root cause of their poverty. If they can't resolve their personal issues in some manner, they remain poor. I have not only studied such things, I have lived it. Misery is not just having X problem, but knowing that you may never be able to resolve it and that the world does a really sucky job of providing some means for people like you to have some kind of baseline level of comfort. It is a kind of personal hell. Thanks. One of the great mysteries of HN may have just been solved for me. So, what is an effective means to try to connect with people for work related stuff? Say, if you freelance and need a water cooler type group? Absolute poverty would be eliminated, and we would no longer motivate people through the fear of not being able to eat. This is just UBI with a new branding platform, basically. There are tried and true solutions that have an established track record of working, such as universal basic health coverage. It would make more sense for the US to implement those things first, rather than try something experimental. U.S. health care spending grew 5.8 percent in 2015, reaching $3.2 trillion or $9,990 per person. As a share of the nation's Gross Domestic Product, health spending accounted for 17.8 percent. * There you go. The $10k per person that is so often bandied about for UBI, and it would do more for the neediest automatically. People with serious health problems would get more out of the system without having incentives to try to game the system or milk it. * https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Sta... Starting my own is what I have in mind. I was considering doing so via Meetup. I am kind of flailing around, trying to figure out how to do that. Recall can be enhanced by recreating the situation you were in when you had the thought. Memory is impacted by state or mood, place, context, etc. But, yes, develop some system for making notes. If nothing else, email yourself. I am not specifically looking to connect with other writers. I am looking to connect to digital independent workers and people who might be interested in becoming such. I imagine this author has never been to a soup kitchen. One experience with your typical soup kitchen should cure anyone of the notion that this is a good idea. The food is appalling. The service is terrible. If your stuff gets stolen while you eat because they insisted you leave it elsewhere, not their problem. They assume they know what is best for you, never mind they have no idea what your diagnosis is and no idea about the doctor ordered dietary restrictions that go with it. So the assumption is both flat out wrong and monstrously insulting. I would literally rather fast for a day or so than ever go back to a soup kitchen. That is not hyperbole. I have made that exact choice on a number of occasions while dirt poor. You are reading in things I did not say and rebutting ideas I did not promote. My statement contains zero suggestion that existing (charitable) programs should be shut down. It only rebuts the suggestion that we need some government run "free food" program of the sort described in the article. There are also some excellent ones! I am aware that quality varies. I did a write up of one that didn't completely suck as a potential model for how things should be done. But I wonder how many soup kitchens you have personally eaten at and how many you thought were excellent and would prefer it to most paid eateries (I mean solely on the basis of the high quality of the experience, not on the basis of it being free). we should (not) discount all publicly funded food. I am all for food stamps. I wish that were made more readily available. Due to the lengthy and complex application forms, it is hard to apply to the program. I have six years of college and only managed to fill it out successfully because an agency helped me. I lost my food stamps due to a bureaucratic snafu and my attempts to reapply on my own were not successful having to do with barriers for me in the application process. The EBT card itself is done very well. I would be completely fine with people suggesting we make this program easier to access and also increase the funding by about 50 percent. I don't see any reason why we need to dream up some imaginary American Diner for feeding people instead of making some modest improvements to an already existing program with a proven track record that has already worked out a lot of the bugs. (When I was first on food stamps, using the EBT card was not as smooth as later. I know from firsthand experience they have worked out some of the bugs to make it work more smoothly than it used to.) I was homeless for a long time. Valuing my agency above all else helped me solve my problems and get off the street. When you start eroding rights on the excuse that someone is too poor to have any right to care about such high minded frivolities as rights, you deprive them of hope of resolving their problems. My comments are in regards to your statement here: but you might value your ability to choose less if you didn't know when your next meal would be. I am telling you that when I was so poor that I often had no idea when my next meal might be, I valued my own agency -- my right to choose and to make choices -- tremendously. But it looks to me like, overall, most folks here don't want to hear the opinions of someone who actually ate regularly at soup kitchens for a time. They want to say nice things about being generous people who will feed the hungry, and let's not let actual facts get in the way of our pretty ideas that this is always a good thing with no down side. It is a form of virtue signaling. It is also a form of pity, which is fundamentally disrespectful. You assume you are in a better position than the people of whom you speak to decide for them, while completely dismissing the opinions to the contrary of someone still poor enough that food security is an ongoing question mark. This seems to be par for the course. I think we have a fundamental disagreement about what sorts of policies would be effective, and using that term is unnecessarily dismissive. Using that term mostly indicates that I feel incredibly dismissed most of the time on Hacker News. This is a new handle, but I am not new here. I have had college classes on, for example, homelessness and public policy. I got myself off the street on my own efforts, not through some program. As best I can tell, I am the only woman who has ever spent any time on the leaderboard of HN. None of it seems to make any difference. I continue to get no traction. I continue to not get substantive feedback on my projects. I continue to have no connections. My income remains extremely low. I can't help but feel that sexism and classism are factors and I am just incredibly frustrated. Trying to do something good against long odds, etc begins to seem totally pointless and fruitless. I increasingly understand the very angry feminist types. I don't agree with their approach, but no approach seems to actually work. You and I do fundamentally disagree. I am not pro UBI. I think that is a polite means to crap all over the have nots and increasingly cut them out of ever more access to money, rights, you name it. I don't intend to engage further. I don't think this is in any way whatsoever productive. It is yet another exercise in me trying to engage in good faith with someone who seems to fundamentally be incapable of genuinely respecting me. Everything you say is another ever so politely dismissive thing done in accordance with the rules such that me getting offended just makes me look bad in the eyes of everyone here. I have been facing this sort of thing with, I think, quite a lot of aplomb for more than 8 years, to no avail at all. And I just am not coping well with that fact at the moment. Clickable: http://independentdigitalworkers.blogspot.com It is not disingenuous. I am a woman and, no, I simply don't have the kind of social connections here that the guys typically have if they have that kind of karma. Which means, no, I don't understand subtleties here that prevent me from accomplishing things I want to accomplish. This kind of dismissiveness is actually par for the course. I read the rules for Show HN and it says it needs to be something "you can play with." I see blog posts with some smidgeon of data. I write the mods in good faith and say "This doesn't look to me like a Show HN." I get told that, arguably , the spoonful of data in it qualifies it. I blogged about that on an old blog. I am not going to post it here because that would be drama. I am just looking for a good faith answer to my good faith question and feeling increasingly like the crime of being the first woman on the leaderboard shall never be forgiven. Because it does not appear to have done squat to help me figure out how to get my work taken seriously or my questions answered in good faith. Thank you very much. It was set up this morning. It is try number 3, and is pivoting another project, so I drew some content from that older project, then killed it. I decided I didn't like the first name too much. My first try was Digital Independents and I quickly realized that if I am telling people that verbally, they will probably hear Digital Independence. The next was Digital Independent Workers and then this. I want to figure out how to reach out to people locally. I am going to a lot of public meetings and making connections on the ground. I feel that is going pretty well and it led to this idea. I initially was just handing out flyers for my Write Pay site, but I want it to be broader than that. I could add a Google Group to the site as an embedded forum. My concept is that it is kind of a water cooler for people who work from home. Yes, I am connecting with people locally on the ground and that is going fairly well, well enough to help me get this far. But I need the site and concept better developed and locals cannot help me there. I could have agreed to do a presentation next Wednesday at a local weekly meeting, but I declined because I only have a half baked idea so far. I don't have anything to present. December is booked, so it will probably be January before they have another slot, but I just don't have this fleshed out enough. I had flyers for my Write Pay site. The library won't post them. Some places have posted them, but some people think it is a scam, the same thing that gets said about it when I have posted links to it on HN under a now retired, very well established handle. Personal reputation here did little or nothing to get the site taken seriously. People here accuse me of being a shill for the service I work for. The person on HN who recommended the site to me will not vouch for me. In fact, he dragged my name through the mud for repeating his advice on HN and suggesting it to someone else here a few months after he recommended it to me. When I blogged about that years later and someone else posted that to HN, he denied it. Saving face for himself was his only concern. There is no good way for me to deal with things like that. Saying nothing means my name remains mud. Saying something means I am guilty of talking trash about respected men. The utter and complete lack of respect for me involved there makes no ones radar. I can't get out from behind nonsense like that. Anyway, I need a thing -- a site and a program -- that people will not look askance at as a possible pyramid scheme. I need more than a hand wavy "I have a dream" blurb. I did post it here already as a link this morning. It got zero upvotes and zero comments. Thus, this Ask. Just posting my own writing on HN mostly does not go that well. Once in a while some piece gets well received. The rest of the time, I end up feeling like it was mistake. I very often feel it is an excuse for people who don't like me to justify their negative opinions and their accusations that my participation is somehow nefarious. It often leaves me feeling like poor people and women are not allowed to want financial success. It often feels like it is against the rules to try to figure out how to succeed in accomplishing anything. So with the feedback in another comment here, I am fleshing the site out more. I hope to post it as a Show HN soon. Thank you for commenting. I'm the author. I am trying to flesh this out. Yes, I am making contacts on the ground. But locals aren't that internet savvy. I need this more fleshed out so I have something to present. I seem unable to actually edit my comments under this new account. I am assuming it is a permission I don't yet qualify for. If there are typos, I can't correct them. Thanks. My ex will be in that one. I did a lot of therapy in my teens and twenties and I journaled for a long time. Then I blogged for a long time to help me figure out what I really think so I am not merely "rearranging my prejudices." I also talk a lot with two people I trust who work well as a sounding board. I look for patterns, both in my own words or behavior and in that of other people. I learned long ago to "trust my eyes over my ears." People frequently say one thing, but do another. In most cases, I think they don't even realize it. In some cases, they are outright lying because they have an ugly agenda, but most people seem pretty oblivious to their own motivations and goals. I try to not take it too personally while trying to avoid getting sucked in. Have they not heard of Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations ? * IIRC, prior to Smith's famous book, the wealth of nations was viewed in terms of gold kept in the coffers of the kings. This was increasingly a source of puzzlement because it was failing to explain why some nations were thriving and others were not. This seminal work has been credited with being single-handedly responsible for transforming our understanding of wealth as "gold in the king's coffer" to what we now refer to as GDP. Wealth of a nation is measured by its productivity, not the money in the bank. While I agree we need to do something about the current trend towards concentrating money in the hands of the few, clearly at the expense of the many, this is not the way to do it. This in no way protects the productivity that gives rise to these riches. In fact, it is likely to undermine said productivity. There is no limit to how much people can spend. If you just cut everyone a check, whether you call it Basic Income or American Equity, the money will get pissed away. It will not get invested in a better future. We have to find ways to address the underlying structural problems that are causing the 1 percent to effectively bleed the masses for more. We also must do so without creating perverse incentives. This is a case of "the cure they are recommending is worse than the disease." * https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wealth_of_Nations Although the New York Times connects these two phenomena with a psychosomatic explanation of emotional distress, I view the relationship differently. Neighborhoods where African Americans lived – often restricted to due to segregation and redlining – were more exposed to both indoor and outdoor particles that triggered asthma symptoms. While struggling to breathe, black people simultaneously fought for the right to live as equals. I am an environmental studies major. This is not news to me. It would be more accurate to say that NIMBYism by privileged people, who are mostly white, is literally causing increased incidence of asthma in people of color. The de facto disenfranchisement of such people is literally interfering with their ability to breathe and is sending them to an early grave. A fight for rights is a fight for life itself. If we do away with the US military, we will promptly be invaded and taken over by someone else. The military allows the country to exist at all. The world is not full of live-and-let-live hippies who all love the US and its people. The military is also a source of medical training, new medical knowledge, various forms of stability, and research that helps create new products. I am advocating for people not being bled by the 1 percent to begin with. Charity never provides anyone a secure, comfortable life. It makes you their bitch and thus de facto undermines quality of life. I want people to have the money they deserve, but not by saying it is okay for the rich to first bleed us and then we will ask for some piddling check afterwards and kiss their butts and say "Thank you, massah." They outlawed slavery in the US. I would like it to really die and not come back from the grave with a new name. "Easy come, easy go" is a well known phenomenon. How you get your money influences how and what you spend it on. Most lottery winners are bankrupt within 5 years (about 2/3s of them). I know someone who got fired, got six weeks severance pay, drove to a vacation spot with a friend and blew six weeks pay in one three day weekend on sex workers and cocaine. They then moved back home because they couldn't afford their apartment anymore. Six weeks severance pay plus unemployment benefits could have bought them their ongoing independence. I would call that pissing money away. Edit: Changed hookers to sex workers. They were called hookers back in the day. You've got a pretty novel definition of slavery. Perhaps. FWIW, my definition of slavery is that the value of your productivity is owned and controlled by someone else, not you. I see the movement towards basic income as the promotion of a world of poor people in chains. Money grows out of power, not the other way around. If money alone created power, lottery winners would all promptly take their place in the halls of power. They don't. Most wind up bankrupt within 5 years. You only need one example to the contrary to rebut an assertion of never. What little I know: It can be enforced with significant fines. When I worked at Aflac, they took this fact quite seriously as a real threat that they didn't want to happen to them. The following blog suggests the fines can be up to $1.5 million and violations can also involve criminal charges and jail time: https://www.truevault.com/blog/what-is-the-penalty-for-a-hip... High school "typing" class.* (The following year, they changed the name to keyboarding. My pet dinosaur attended the elopement.) * Ex spouse, technically. I actually moved from Word Press to BlogSpot a few years ago. I like it a lot better. It is very user friendly for non-tech people and you can add authors, who have fewer permissions than admins. You can use a third party domain to make it a .com. You can edit the HTML if you don't like their themes. A non coder can also do quite a lot to change the look, layout and functionality. Google now handles backend updates and security for me. It is vastly less of a headache for me than Word Press was. Full disclosure: I am not a programmer and I am not actually qualified to assert that BlogSpot is more secure. I just like it as a platform and I don't understand why it has such a terrible reputation as something you should not take seriously. The judgement of the parents may have been part of why he felt compelled to leave town and get thoroughly wasted. Perhaps had they not been there, he would have been facing a very different mental and emotional landscape entirely and made other choices. You cannot change one element of an equation without impacting all parts. Thinking you can is a common logical error. I think that completely discounts the negative long term impact on his life, which seems particularly egregious in a discussion where I am being criticized as if my remarks are an act of callous disregard for the welfare of the common person. You don't care that he flushed his own life down the toilet, just as long as sex workers and cocaine dealers invested it well after they cleaned him out. And then you criticize me for "moralizing." I keep hypothesizing that using a website or software to somehow promote pedestrianism would be helpful. You don't even need to promote it as fighting climate change per se. You could promote it as how to save money on gas while improving your personal fitness. There are probably other creative approaches. But I would try to think about what's their motivation. What is in it for them. Moralizing tends to not have the best track record for promoting the changes we would like to see. It tends to just force "bad behavior" underground, which can lead to worse things. So, his inability to buy a house for himself and the fact that he continued to live with parents for many years has no bearing on our discussion of the economy and the creation of wealth? I don't want to give a lot more details about this person's life. It is a real person and giving too many details amounts to gossiping about them. But I think you are in error. The impact it had on this person's life has other impacts. I don't know why you think this is some appeal to emotion. It isn't. A person who cannot get their life together because of one youthful indiscretion has long term consequences that impact the wider economy. This is likely part of why such stories are emotionally compelling : Because it actually matters. I am not generally not talk about morality in the sense that other people do. I am not too happy to have the concept of morality injected into the discussion in such a way that it slings mud all over me at every step of the way. I am not talking about morality. I am talking about what makes for a healthy system that serves both the commoner and the rich person well. Our current approach doesn't do that. One of the reasons it does not do that is because I have seen a number of statements by wealthy people to the effect that they live with a lot of fear due to their wealth plus the state of the world. I thin this fear is legitimate and I think it tells us that a system that makes the ultra rich richer by bleeding the common person is a fundamentally unhealthy system that serves no one well, not even the rich people soaking up the extra money and wondering if they will need to abscond to Australia in their jet should the crap hit the fan. I think this fear is part of why so many tech giants talk so much about things like creating basic income. They want to be able to stop living in fear that someone is going to want them dead because the world is going to hell for so very many people and this makes them a potential target. No, I can't. I have spent quite a lot of years trying to figure out how to do a pedestrian-themed blog. I finally have one that I think might "have legs." ;) It has two whole posts. I have probably gone through 10 or 12 different blog names, most of which never got any content whatsoever. I think trying to promote pedestrianism in the US is quite challenging. I have lived without a car for like a decade or so. The most common assumption people make is that I am clearly just pathetically poor. This happens to be true right now, but I also am a committed environmentalist type. My college major was in environmental studies. I gave up my car when I still had a corporate job. Only one person who ever gave me a ride home from the corporate job ever asked me why I gave up the car. Everyone else just made polite noises about what a trooper I was for dutifully walking to work in spite of the pathetic state of my obviously poverty stricken life. In the US, no car = pathetic poor person. So trying to sell people on the idea of choosing to go carless is a really tough thing. Thus, I would just start with trying to get them to drive less and maybe go from a two-car family to a one-car family. That's a much easier starting point. There was an website I saw the other day on HN: Transforming How We Collect and Visualize Information about Urban Accessibility (projectsidewalk.io) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15790713 I liked that. When things are done right, capitalism does not have to mean that. Employees can, for example, own stock in the company where they work. Some companies basically insist that employees do so and intentionally develop an employee-owned company culture. Of course, when workers and stockholders are entirely separate classes of people, then, basically, yes. But that is not an inevitable outcome, even though it seems to generally be the state of things currently. Had he gone off to live happily alone in the mountains as a Buddhist monk, he would've been similarly unproductive. I assume you would've found that more admirable Yeah, I am done with this. In spite of me stating that this is not about moralizing, you keep projecting moral nonsense onto me. The only thing I am talking about is this guy blew through a lot of money in a single weekend and this had long term negative repercussions for his entire life. He went back home to his parents and then never really cut the umbilical cord again. It interfered with his ability to live as he saw fit for many years afterwards and to this day. He threw away his one shot at ever getting to be an adult and live on his own terms. To be perfectly clear, if he had blown through all that money for cocaine and sex workers, come back revitalized, stood up to his parents and said "Yeah, I don't care about your opinions about my life" and sold his second car to make it possible to keep his independence, I might well feel that was money well spent. But that isn't how it went down. Instead, he tucked tail, moved back home and then never lived down what an untrustworthy "loser" he was in the eyes of a lot of people whose opinions mattered to him. Edit: Trying to stop using the F word like a substitute for very. Women tend to also have a lot more social baggage hung on them. It makes me wonder if the evacuation and trauma made it particularly difficult to figure out how to fit in socially in a new place. (I mean as just one element that may have contributed.) I meant no offense Thank you. Money can be spent in a manner that is harmful, that actually reduces value in the world. It can also be genuinely lost or destroyed. But I don't imagine you and I will ever bridge whatever communication gap is happening here. So, I don't plan to "throw more good money after bad" in terms of investing more of my time in what feels like an inane discussion. I am thinking of phenomenon like The Pink Collar Ghetto, The Second Shift and our latest, oft misused, buzz word "emotional labor." These are all well documented phenomenon that taking care of others at their own expense is a burden routinely placed on women in a way that does not get done to men. I am a woman. I was one of the top 3 students of my graduating high school class. I never got the serious career I wanted, nor the money that goes with such things. So I have read a lot of books and articles on women's issues over the years trying to sort out what on earth went wrong with my life and how can I fix it? But HN is overwhelmingly male. Trying to discuss such things here from a female perspective is quite challenging. The vast majority of replies will be openly hostile and dismissive. It is rare that anyone is genuinely curious why an educated woman who is the antithesis of a feminazi would think such a thing. Men here get incredibly defensive. Any whiff of the idea that "sexism" is a factor brings out the worst in comments. It is taken as an accusation that people are being intentionally and maliciously exclusionary. It makes it really hard to give a female point of view here at all, which tends to result in the gender based exclusion that people here seem to want to claim they aren't guilty of. There are studies that show that women internalise emotional traumata much deeper than men, thus have a higher risk of PTSD (Can't remember if this is linked to the on-average better memory of women). This in no way rebuts my thought. What if they are related? What if women internalize trauma more and suffer PTSD more in part because the entire social fabric of their life experience is fundamentally different from men? This has been my experience as a woman. I do something a man would do, it gets a completely different reaction, and not in a good way. Trying to make my own life work gets me seemingly perceived as some kind of evil feminist. Men who try to figure out how to make money are not viewed as some kind of political activist or troublemaker, threatening the status quo. I have gotten insane amounts of pushback for what I feel are completely innocuous behaviors. I have terrible eyesight, so I tend to sit up front in meetings or classes. This gets interpreted by other people as Type A personality extremely aggressive, ambitious behavior and prominent people will publicly comment on what an aberration it is. Their comments clearly come from a place of judging it to be disruptive, egomaniacal behavior. No one ever thinks "Well, maybe she can't see the presentation well enough from the back of the room." It is always framed in terms of me being an uppity woman who does not know my place in the world. My "place" clearly being back row seats. Which reminds me of the historical expectation that blacks in the US had to sit at the back of the bus and stand up and give their seat to a white person if there weren't enough seats for everyone. Thank you for the clarification. My point is that while we can make a value judgment on the kid's spending, we can't say with certainty what the broader economic effect is. There is about a metric fuckton (TM) of data that shows that when people are handed a big check that they didn't work for, it typically gets spent differently than it would have been had it required blood, sweat and tears to get the exact same amount of money. And the way in which it gets spent differently is typically consumptive, usually with little or no long term value and potentially a lot of long term harm. This is a thing we can know with a fair degree of certainty. It is part of why the NFL tries to provide some kind of financial literacy for its players. Most of them will have a very short career in professional football. Probably most of the ones who aren't there very long will never make that kind of money again. They are trying to make sure that if some guy only make a quarter of a million dollars one year of his life, it pays for something of long term benefit, like a house or some retirement savings. Don't give up, you're actually pretty close. This suggests you are the smart, knowledgeable person here to educate my less smart, less knowledgeable self. I was describing a communication gap due to differing mental frameworks for the issue. I was not suggesting one of us was "dumber" than the other. I moderated a smarty pants email list at one time. I am all too familiar with the tendency for smart people to think they are smarter than the person they are talking to. That attitude is not constructive and it is not something I care to keep engaging with. Around the country, many fast-growing metropolitan areas are facing a brutal shortage of affordable places to live, leading to gentrification, homelessness, even disease. Nice to see someone say that there is an actual connection between insane housing prices and homelessness. Most discussions of homelessness frame it as if it is merely a personal problem, like people on the street are merely junkies and losers and not in any way, shape or form victims of something gone bad wrong with the fabric of society. And most discussions of housing problems in the US don't really acknowledge that this issue is pertinent to the folks on the street. Of the first 67,000 mortgages insured by the G.I. Bill, fewer than 100 were taken out by non-whites. * It is a figure that makes me want to throw up, and I'm not even black. I feel like this country owes blacks (as a group) probably a few billion dollars in some sense. Barriers to home buying for African Americans constitutes actively preventing them from creating savings and financial security. Homeownership has historically provided half or more of the value of the nest egg for most ordinary (aka not rich) Americans. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_Americans_and_the_G.I.... Only if you also hand built all the tools for building said hut and also also did not learn how to do any of that from instructions on websites or YouTube videos. ;) The Harvard University survey, which polled young adults between ages 18 and 29, found that 51 percent of respondents do not support capitalism. Just 42 percent said they support it. The results of the survey are difficult to interpret, pollsters noted. Capitalism can mean different things to different people, and the newest generation of voters is frustrated with the status quo, broadly speaking. If you do a survey and ask if people are pro abortion, most of them will say "no." If you do a survey and ask if they support a woman's rights to have control over her body and have reproductive choice -- aka "pro choice" -- most people will say "yes." Most folks think a woman should have access to abortion services should she need one. They also think it should be an absolute last resort for when things go wrong and should not be used too casually as a primary form of birth control. The reality is that most women would never use it that way. But birth control methods fail far more often than most people imagine, plus sometimes someone is assaulted. TLDR: How you ask the question can skew the answers and also people often mean very different things with the same word. Communication R hard. "The word 'capitalism' doesn't mean what it used to," said Zach Lustbader, a senior at Harvard involved in conducting the poll, which was published Monday. For those who grew up during the Cold War, capitalism meant freedom from the Soviet Union and other totalitarian regimes. For those who grew up more recently, capitalism has meant a financial crisis from which the global economy still hasn't completely recovered. "They're not rejecting the concept," Della Volpe said. "The way in which capitalism is practiced today, in the minds of young people — that's what they're rejecting."