It shouldn't end at the users ISP. This ties the user to a using a certain ISP, or they have to give up their online identity. You can get cycling direction using http://maps.cloudmade.com , which uses OpenStreetMap data, just like OpenCycleMap. Dual nationality? Try to get a passport for a neutral country like Ireland (all you need is one Irish grandparent)? An NGO passport won't work easily. It's much much too easy to set up a NGO. It's much harder to set up a new country. And if your government is doing things that make it hard for you to travel, then it's up to you to try to fix your government. :P Similar in Ireland. Although 1 month notice is the figure. Usually the notice is specified in the contract. There is a legal minimum of 2 weeks (or more depending on how long the employment has lasted). Although it's in the contract, you are always free to re-negotiate a contract, and if both sides agree, then you have a new contract Just because iTunes is the most popular music store in the USA does not mean that most of the music on iPods in the USA comes from iTunes. This is nonsense. Go to a real third world county and you will see a massive difference between the USA and there. This article claims any country with "a high level of debt, an income distribution concentrated in the top 1% of the population, and an economy based on export of raw materials and import of manufactured products." most of these apply to every country in the world. You should try doing some A/B testing It would be cool if we could bet on this. I know this happens in sports, and there are sites for offering and taking bets on who'll win the US presidential election. Are they open to simple little bets like this? I don't know anything about Bloomberg, and I'm willing to bet that as a niche product aimed at high trained people, it might not be too bad. But I agree in principle with this article. You can see it sometimes in the Linux/FLOSS world. People decry anything that means the average user can use it. "But you should know how to set up networking on the command line!" People like that, they like jumping through hoops. They think sensible defaults are a bad thing. They think you should have to read a 1,000 page manual before doing something simple. Sound like how Ryanair (a Europe airline) work. They are one of the largest airlines in the world. They charge €20 per checked in bag. And since you can't check in online with a bag, you need to pay €20 to use a check in desk. When a flight is advertised for €15, all these extra charges all add up. Of course most people think it's just Ryanair being mean and will complain about how they "were stung for extra charges". However, despite people's complaints, they are by far the lowest prices, and people fly with them. I think Ryanair based a lot of their idea on southwest airlines in the USA. If you are using Ubuntu (or Debian), installing this is even easier. Just install gimp-resynthesizer using aptitude or Ubuntu software centre Yes, Ryanair are very strict with size and number of items. You are only allowed one bag. That includes handbag. Many times I've seen women not allowed on until they get their handbag in their normal bag and both have to fit within the size. I would guess that the empty hold space is left empty. If it's empty they don't use as much fuel. You can see the ryanair full ticket price at the first or second step. It would be impossible to buy a ticket without knowing the price. I suspect the reason ryanair don't like 3rd party sites is because ryanair like pitching hotels and car hire after you buy a ticket. Try both? Wait a few days, see which works better. It's better to have actual evidence for what works for your market You shouldn't have to manually install anything, in my experience. The package manager should take care of things. You should continue to use what is most comfortable for you. The fact that you are already using a DVCS (Distributed Version Control System) already puts you at an advantage to those not using it (e.g. Subversion users). Just relax, and focus on writing your code now. I use HackerNews, a site for finding new content, and discussing things. You can read his blog, or see all the comments he makes on HN. That's what I've been doing, and it's quite insightful But 90% of anything is crap ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sturgeons_Law Sturgeon's Law). 90% of the internet is crap, etc. Hugin is great. It has a 'wizard mode' that makes it really easy to use. You just select the images you want to stitch together and it will automatically find out how to join them, and blend the edges together. Remember, you can use "gimp-resynthesizer" to fill in the edges. Here are some panoramas I've made with Hugin http://www.flickr.com/photos/rorymccann/tags/panorama I think, what patrick meant to say is that, his stats code was correct. It really was costing $30. He just didn't want to believe it at first. Erk, wine and using the windows library seems like a headache... I like this idea, and I like python. Can I rely on non-technical users having python and wxwidgets installed? or is there some way to bundle everything together? You're an inspiration to me. Quicky: From reading your blog, I see you had a desktop programme in java at the start. Do you still have a desktop programme now, or is it all web based? If you have a desktop programme, do you have any advice on choice of language so that non-techies can download and run with as little fuss? Another Irish person here! They already can do that. Remember when Wikipedia was censored in the UK? http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/blog/2008/dec/08/intern... The easy answer is to find something that makes you money while your asleep. The awesome patio11 on here has done mostly that. Go ready some of his stuff. I would suggest against it. It's almost certainly possible to pick another domain name, and just use that. If you're just starting off, and no-one knows about your brand, then you can just as easily switch to another branding. The only reason you should pay lots for a domain name is if it's hard or impossible to switch. i.e. you're already invested in that brand. For example, openstreetmap.org is basically "doing to google maps what wikipedia did to encyclopedias". They have been going for years, and have ~ 200,000 users. openstreetmapS.org (not the S) was squatted. They eventually raised funds and bought it. It made sense for them since they had already a lot of brand awareness of "open street map", and it's so easy to add an 's' to the end. Depends what you want. If by 'hacker' you mean security, then there are certs for that. Or start hanging around, reading and practicing security stuff. If by 'hacker' you mean a good programmer (that's probably what the hacker in hackernews means), then you don't need a certificate for that. Just do lots of programming. Apple don't believe in a free market / free competition. If they did, then they wouldn't have an App Store. Yes "UK" is the correct term for the country. However London, the capital, is in England, is a large percentage of the UK population (about ~15 - 20million out of a UK population of about 60 million). The vast majority of the programmer jobs would probably be in London, so you might wind up going to "England" itself. If your grandparent was Irish (unlikely in South Africa I guess), then you are entitled to an Irish passport. You are then a EU citizen and can work in any EU country with no visa issues. Just something that might be of benefit. I'm sure it's possible to figure out if a programme was generated by some other programme. When programmes generate other source code, they will have a certain style, a certain naming convention for functions, a certain main class, etc. Apple's property? If I have an iPhone, I have to pay for it. That makes it my property. And that's why I don't have an iPhone. Yeah, this is exactly the sort of problem bittorrent was designed to handle If you are interested in more stories of bad science and medicine, then check out Ben Goldacre's site: http://www.badscience.net/ He has a book of the same name. Fair play. Though you are financially supporting the anti-tinkering apple, you're telling apple (with your dollars) that closed is the way to go. Be careful how that turns out. Lots of 'free software' and hacking stuff goes on in Germany. Of course, the level of English in Germany is superb, so you can still probably talk to them there. Another way to purify water is to boil for for a few minutes. Yes, bottled water or bust is the standard mantra in the developing world. I rememeber one of our party trying to order a Margarita with no ice in a restaurant in Zambia once. I believe it's "The Boss" Well the first problem is to find the thing to turn off and on again. It's not always clear what device is misbehaving. Also, frequently you'll need to report to the "higher ups" what went wrong. Saying "I dunno, I turned it off and on again and it works now. shrug " makes you look like you don't know what's going on. It's much better to be able to explain what happened. A HackerNews wiki? Sounds interesting. It could become a resource for members of this community to store knowledge about things this community has formed around. You've said you don't want interest, so you're not Why not invest in yourself? Go on a nice holiday? Buy a house? Get a facelift. Spend the money to make your life better? Or invest in some 'social capital'. Buy your parents/siblings a house, or a car. If times go bad, you'll be able to call in some favours. A lot of trademarked terms (e.g. "visa") might not be available as adsense words. So people bid on the misspellings. I'm sure they are not following him 24/7, so in theory he could keep doing it in his spare time, but that would be silly. His employer can now use this against him if they have any dispute with him. In these cases it's good to scribble a little note in the margin of the contract at that section "Nothing in the above section shall prevent me from working on my side project XYZ in my free time" (or similar) and get them to initial it. You can always change contracts before you sign them. Yeah I love the annecdote. When there's a gold rush, don't be the guy digging for gold, be the guy selling shovels. The other problem with this argument is that Jobs is saying that it's just as easy to rewrite the flash app in javascript as it to remove the reliance on rollovers. Whereas for the vast majority of the flash apps, removing rollovers is much easier than a complete rewrite.