It's basically been done (ish). Freenet's one, there are probably more, but you give up a lot in exchange. Freenet can be pretty slow and you need to find trusted people to bootstrap yourself into the network. You can't host dynamic content, either. Yeah, it works on my terrible featurephone, and delivers a really extraordinarily good web experience all things considered. It's like a keyhole to the internet, except it renders everything more or less perfectly, unlike every other featurephone browser ever. The standard intuitive explanation seems pretty easy and worthwhile: Two sets are the same size if and only if you can pair members up. {1, 2, 3} and {4, 5, 6}, obviously. {1, 3, 5...} and {2, 4, 6...} are too, you can pair them up (1, 2) (3, 4) (5,6) ... But some sets aren't the same size; you can't pair them up. It's easy if they're both finite, or one is infinite. If both are infinite, well, if they're not the same size, one has to be larger: there are elements in one that are "left over" after trying to pair them up. That's the bigger one. Cantor proved that this does, in fact, happen. The reals can't be paired up with integers. Yeah, but you can describe many incomputable numbers. Indescribable numbers are not the incomputable numbers- Chaitin's constant's a nice one, it's the proportion of Turing machines that halt. Described. Now, compute it... Neat, but SuperGenPass does this better- has a bookmarklet with configurable salt, and it's based off the domain name, not the service, so you can't get into ambiguities (Gmail, GMail, gmail?) http://supergenpass.com/ That said, the options for disallowed characters is nice. Yeaaaah, you could probably fall afoul of the CFAA with this one... See: weev. Edit: Ahh, I see you're based outside the US, carry on. Personally I had the idea a while back for a sort of time-release dead drop. Stuff a Raspberry Pi into a fake power strip, put your seekrit information onto the SD card, and go plug it in somewhere in a city you 'happen' to be passing through, near to a public wifi spot. Then a year later it wakes up and uploads the data publicly via Tor and self-wipes. Even if it's traced back to the Pi, they'll have to trace the Pi back to you (you bought it untraceably, right?). Your employer could MITM all your SSL connections just by installing their own cert installed on the machine, so yeah. I'm not exactly an expert, but this reads like creepypasta. This looks fantastic. I make gifs out of pictures I take on burst mode and these would be beyond perfect for presenting them. (try it at a party, it's much more fun than static pictures, also for posed group shots) I'm waiting for flexible color solar-powered wireless e-ink displays to give the full "Harry Potter" moving-picture effect, but they're a few years out! Wikipedia is not infallible but it says Sanskrit sources had one or two digits of pi: "In India around 600 BC, the Shulba Sutras (Sanskrit texts that are rich in mathematical contents) treat π as (9785/5568)2 ≈ 3.088. In 150 BC, or perhaps earlier, Indian sources treat π as sqrt(10) ≈ 3.1622." Anyway, the source the linked article cites is http://www.vedicsciences.net/articles/vedic-mathematics.html which notes It must be pointed out that these sutras given by Tirtha Maharaja are created by the author himself, as stated in the introduction to his book, "Vedic Mathematics" (published posthumously) and are therefore not actually Vedic. These mathematical sutras are Vedic only in the sense that they are inspired by the Vedas in the mind of one dedicated to the Vedas. Thus the title "Vedic Mathematics" is not correct. Yeh but how long does it last? This ball was designed specifically because normal soccer balls fall apart: http://www.oneworldfutbol.com/ I kind of think a hand-crank is going to break down less often and be much easier to repair by hand. "Whelp, the bear ate our nightlight" is not going to go over well. Arguably, such a methodology would be unusable anyway: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonini's_paradox My first instinct is that you're right- at least, I don't think it can be any more powerful than an LBA: if there's a finite number of state transitions it can make, then it can only actually "get to" a certain distance along the tape, and you can just chop the tape at that point. If there is a simple condition I prefer "while condition" because it makes the code easier to read: I can tell (roughly) when the loop is supposed to exit without reading the contents of the loop and scanning for a break. This line in MUMPS is not only valid, it also actually does something potentially useful: s:foo'="" foo(foo)=foo It's actually a bit tricky to explain what it does. Everything in MUMPS is effectively a tree. Each tree has a value in the "root node" and you can set it like this: set foo="hello" You can also put data deeper into the tree: set foo("fizz")="buzz" So if something is passed to you and you want to know if you can treat it as a string, you test to see if it's a null string: if foo'="" do [something] ('= means !=) Two more features: 1) Almost every directive can be reduced to one letter. 2) If I want to quit based on a condition, I can do either if condition quit or quit:condition So the line above is more legibly written as if foo'="" set foo(foo)=foo So if foo="bar", it's equivalent to: set foo("bar")="bar" No mention of lambda calculus? Lisp is to Lambda Calculus as Pascal is to Turing Machines. More or less. Oh, beaten to the punch in the article's comments. Carry on. The NSA can just crack into your servers abroad, if they want to; no warrants required. Admittedly they'd have to work a bit harder if it's not in a jurisdiction friendly to them, but breaking into foreign servers is basically their job. If people running the company in question still hold US citizenship or keep money in the US, the US legal system can still reach them unless they never want to go home. You might like Thue; it operates solely on replacement rules and is trivially an unrestricted grammar: http://esolangs.org/wiki/Thue Whee, looks like fun! Adanaxis[1] is a 4 dimensional space shooter- only sort of playable but still fun. http://www.mushware.com/ If they used a cryptographic signature, they could detect ticket tampering without networking the barcode readers. I'd be somewhat surprised if they actually did that, but it would make it much harder to forge them. You can't feel, smell, or touch anything, for one. The dynamic range of the display won't match what you would see outside, either. That was fun. If you like this sort of thing, "Heavy Planet"[1] is a good hard scifi book set on Mesklin, a fictional super-Earth which spins fast enough to make gravity significantly less at the equator. It's also a good adventure story, if you like 1950s scifi. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mesklin In some cases it makes sense. Date, number and measurements vary a lot between English speaking countries. Now, you'd probably just geolocate but still- locale is more than language. An American Flag can give you an en-US locale, a UK flag, en-GB, etc since English is a pretty good guess for the language they want. You can't compare 2^-160 with a number with a unit attached- it's meaningless. 2^-160 meters is smaller than the planck length, but 2^-160 isn't. If your unit is "the volume of the observable universe" you get a pretty large volume (on a human scale, anyway): https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=%282^-160%29+*+%28the+... edit: oh, the units came from the grand-parent post to yours, but wouldn't the correct conversion be "2^-160 earth's surface-areas"? That's actually bigger than the planck area- but still stupid small. https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=%28The+surface+area+of... Language is completely different for kids. They don't so much learn language as acquire* it- it's not, generally, effortful. They just do it. * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_acquisition Also, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Critical_period_hypothesis Lambda calculus is a rigorous mathematical way to define what "computation" even means. You need something -like- Lambda calculus to even begin reasoning about computation mathematically. First thing that comes to mind- not a lawyer but: It's probably going to be harder to force you to divulge a password in a court case than to just subpoena the piece of paper with your password on it and the computer with the 1PW database. LastPass doesn't require copy-paste on many websites- it can fill on click, or automatically. It's slick and very fast. I leave it logged in so I don't need to type my master password more than once every few days on my home machine. The newest LastPass version on Android can auto-fill in apps, too. On websites that I've enabled 2FA on, I let LastPass autofill (no clicks) and pulling up Google Authenticator on my phone is what takes time. The problem with using SMS as your only authentication is, what do you use for your second factor? I suppose a PIN would work. SMSes are also trivial to intercept: imagine the national telco silently routes some login SMSes that were going to a number on a list to the local internal security agency. The user just gets no SMS (or a code that doesn't work), assumes something went wrong on the network, and asks for another one. Meanwhile the "baddies" have logged in already and snaffled up the information they want. What I want is to be able to use Google Authenticator as my only authentication, plus a PIN for slightly sensitive sites and a long password for very sensitive sites (and to disable my phone from a distance). MetaFilter is a web forum that charges $5 to create an account. Between that and aggressive but professional moderation, spam basically doesn't happen since a couple of obvious spam comments and you're permabanned. However, it limits the user population to people with a debit card and $5 to spend. A bitcoin-based solution right now would be even more restrictive, since apart from buying bitcoin in person, you pretty much need a bank account to acquire them. It's fairly close to the maximum theoretical rise, if all the ice melted (~80m, apparently)[0]. Also, here are some interesting maps, including Earth with 66m rise, Mars with oceans, and more[1]. [0] http://pubs.usgs.gov/fs/fs2-00/ [1] http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/spaceart/cylmaps.html Unless you know magic exists and works, postulating "magic" fails Occam's Razor, since you're needlessly postulating that magic exists as part of your explanation. The hypothesis that an iPhone works by elecricity and clever engineering- since we have similar objects like TVs that work that way- is favored by Occam's razor. You're right that it doesn't seem like you can apply Occam's razor to the falling rock. Really it seems like an example of Bayesian reasoning: we know the prior probability of someone coming anywhere near a falling space rock is very, very small. We know the probability of a piece of grit falling out of a chute is orders of magnitude larger. Shakey video evidence by itself barely shifts our confidence that it actually was a meteor. Honestly I'd love to know what tech they used to print the images out back in 1967. With a long history of having 30+ speakers at our events, the idea was proposed that we enforce a 1:1 ratio of men and women for our speakers. Yes, finding 15 qualified women is basically impossible, so why even try? /s password1234 50%: Sufficient a12345678910 92%: Exceptional So, they try to give you negative points for "sequential numbers" but you get more points for having numbers than you lose, so it's useless. As long as you have a 12-character string with at least one number and one letter, your password will probably pass. "he carried into adulthood the concomitant problems in relating to others—and very pertinently to women—ensuring the prerequisite internal pool of frustrations essential for lateral thinking" I don't think this follows at all, honestly. Frustration begets more frustration, not lateral thinking. I've seen things you people wouldn't believe... Marquee tags on fire off the shoulder of Geocities. I watched blink tags glitter in the dark near Tannhäuser.com. All those websites will be lost in time, like tears in rain... There's biannual/biennial: think quick, which means twice a year and which means every two years? http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/biannual / http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/biennial The trailer never characterizes the Bombe as a computer, CumberTuring calls it a machine for decryption. It could be worse: the last time Hollywood took a crack at this story ("Enigma"), they invented a mathematician, gave him Turing's accomplishments, but made him not gay, and the only Pole on screen was a baddie. I don't have particularly high hopes for this one, though. I don't find CumberTuring's performance in the trailer engaging- he's playing Generic Cumberbatch Character #9. Keira Knightley just looks like Keira Knightley, not a woman in 1943. Read it again. That's not the argument. The argument is roughly: Either the observer's choice of measurements of the particle is completely determined by prior events, and the observer has no free will, or the observer can at his or her whim pick a way to measure the particle. If the latter, then the particle must be able to, also at whim, pick which spin to be measured at. He never assumes that the observer is made of particles. > “It’s our job to make sure people feel safe and in control,” he says. So people just have to feel 'safe and in control,' rather than making sure they are actually safe and/or in control? It sounds like an admission that the whole anonymity thing is just a marketing gimmick: as long as you have a name like "Secret" and make people feel like they're safe, they'll share whether or not they have strong security at all. Particulate pollution kills people and causes suffering, mostly to women and children. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs292/en/ Over 4 million people die prematurely from illness attributable to the household air pollution from cooking with solid fuels. More than 50% of premature deaths among children under 5 are due to pneumonia caused by particulate matter (soot) inhaled from household air pollution. This is exactly right: when rotating in 4D, you can rotate "around" a plane, leaving it in place. You can also rotate around a line (permuting the other three axes). So, in the video. The Z axis doesn't change (up and down) so that's one axis. The other one that doesn't change is at a 45 degree angle from lower left to upper right. Watch the tree: it is just as wide along this axis as it was before. Everything else sort of smoooshes around but that plane stays the same. I suggest interested people check out adanaxis, a 4D space shooter. It's not particularly playable, but it is true four-dimensional space with four-dimensional spaceships zipping around. MRI imaging is effectively harmless (unlike, say, CT scans, which might cause harm). The alternative is a about a 40% chance of survival without the drug. With the drug, maybe it will be higher, but maybe it will be lower. We don't actually know (though this new trial is very encouraging). A bad drug could also cause suffering beyond what Ebola causes: even if the patient was going to die anyway, it could make their death even more painful. There are worse monopolies, I guess. The 83+/84+ has good software and is neigh indestructible. The physical interface is very good and beats a touch screen. A TI calculator fast enough to run NumPy to build simulations and interactive gizmos would be super cool though. Allowing students to build colorful mathematical animations and physics simulations using simple building blocks would be awesome. Of course that can all be done with laptops but having things in the palm of your hand shouldn't be underestimated. Surprisingly (to me), most citizens of Britain are not technically "British subjects." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_subject > "they will still be EU members after all" Last I heard, they'll have to apply to get in, which could take five years. http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/09/08/uk-scotland-indepen... I think it changed when Google started enforcing that sites can't present different content to Googlebot (to show up in results) then live users (to try and make them register once they click through). Quantum systems can be simulated by classical computers, but the growth of the problem is exponential. If you can leverage actual quantum systems to do the work, then you can take a shortcut, for certain classes of problems. > In a way, it is like answering questions about airplane design by studying a model airplane in a wind tunnel – solving problems with a physical simulation rather than a digital computer.