near Columbus, GA. Currently working on a tenant griping site (launching later this week; I'll probably post about it), and trying to figure out this whole "revenue" thing. :) "I wouldn't feel comfortable telling my ideas to people who copy others so obviously. maybe they hoped nobody would see?!" Or maybe they've internalized the idea that ideas aren't the important part of most startups, and it didn't occur to them that people might see it as a negative. I haven't applied (yet) to either, due to age (33) and a mortgage, but I'm still thinking about it. :) Well, I wouldn't go that far, but it is easier for those of us who have wives who are interested in being a founder, rather than a founder's wife. :) But if we avoid requiring the dedicated poll code, PG won't need to get around to writing it... So the obvious solution is that everyone should make a point of doing a poll a day until PG writes the code. It just takes longer to evaluate the worth of a novel than the worth of a blog post, so if you read only novels, it might be weeks before you find one you really like, but if you're reading blog posts, you're likely to find something you really like later today. For equally good blog posts and novels, the worth of the novel is less than the proportionately longer length would suggest. That's less useful for those of us who don't believe in a creator. Hm. They complain that they couldn't contact Google about this, yet it only took me a minute or so to find: "To request reinclusion, log in to Google webmaster tools, click Tools, then choose the Request reinclusion link and follow the steps outlined there." Perhaps they did that and just didn't mention it. While I don't consider anything patentable, I just put "No" on the application. Perhaps you also need a certain amount of karma. I'm logged in (with 2 karma) and don't see any down arrows. Yet another micropayments startup. Unfortunately, my current thoughts on that require several hundred thousand, minimum, so I'll need to get rich (relative to where I am) before I can really get that done. I'm still working on the details, but the direction I'm moving mostly consists of taking the best ideas of current payment systems and leaving the worst ones out. The trickiest one involves email addresses as the payment identifier. That seems like a good idea at first glance (and had me fooled for years; I'm from a payment systems background), but I think it turns out to have been a bust. I'm also not particularly interested in P2P payments, as there are lots and lots of systems out there for that, and it never has really taken off. The dominant system is still merchant/customer, and I think it will continue to be for a number of reasons: each person receiving payments needs a lot of people paying to make any given activity worth doing, and people just don't seem to pay each other tiny sums -- and paycheck-size sums are already handled well by check/ACH, direct deposit, and so on. But given the level of funding I'll need to get this started properly, it certainly isn't a YC app, so I have to succeed with some other interesting project first. :) Microsoft is still an enormously profitable and powerful company in the real world, and you should be more careful about drawing conclusions based on what a few people think in your insular little "Web 2.0" bubble. More seriously, I mostly do business right now with small businesses (2-8 people), and some stupidly high proportion of these businesses run totally on Windows. When they go to buy the computer(s) they need, it never even occurs to them that there is any choice about whether to buy Windows, because Windows is just what programs run in. This kind of customer laughs ruefully along with the Apple commercials they see on TV, but I don't think it ever crosses their mind that they could actually buy a Mac for their business, much less a Linux box. Word, Excel, Internet Explorer, Outlook, and Exchange are the core software apps of 90+% of small businesses. ...but not all of us. There must be a bunch of hackers here who'd rather not deal with people, but feel forced to because, well, who else is going to? By the way, Steve Jobs is more of a design critic and salesman than designer. It takes different skills to do well at being a novelist vs. a book critic. I'm not sure I see the point, actually. Why would this be more interesting than the current reddit behavior? Well, the first part of my comment was a joke, and the second part was only asserting that Microsoft wasn't going to go away soon, because they're a de facto standard. I'm not saying that I worry about them for my own projects, or that you should for yours. :) Ah. For even more control over what appears on the front page, it might be useful to have a certain pool of points for each user, derived from site metrics, which the users could then apportion as they saw fit, rather than only one per submission. You really want this story to reach the front page? Spend half of your 34 points on it, or whatever. Columbus, GA area; 2; 33, 27 Oh, no problem. I thought that more people would notice that it's lifted directly from the article. On the other hand, I guess it's quite possible that it isn't funny. :) We got ours yesterday. At least it removes the problem of deciding what to do if accepted by TS and invited to an interview by YC. :) Clearly not necessary , since the list of startups without such a person as a founder is long. I think not selecting anyone would be bad for reputation. They're already starting out "in the hole", so to speak, and failing to select the ten they say they're looking for would confirm evilness for some people, and raise the question for others. If I were building a gmail, I'd be using a maildir-derivative. Slashdot only gives you moderation points some days, though. I read slashdot two or three times a week, still, and hardly ever have mod points. I dunno if you can use more than one mod point on a single comment, there. My reference to site metrics assumed that you'd give out the same amount of mod points to each person, based on some calculation involving the number of articles, users, and how many you wanted on the front page each day. I can imagine someone being annoyed that they don't have enough mod points to give a single point to each article they find interesting, though, and it would be a pain to have to constantly fine tune the calculation, so one way to mitigate that would be to allow everyone to mod up any article by one point (like on reddit) without using their pool of mod points, and then they could use the mod points for "extra" ups. Half the blogosphere, apparently. :) That title does create lots of buzz, but it's really polarized buzz. Not that that's a bad thing, necessarily. My stereotype is exactly the opposite: hackers and nerds are going to be malnourished or overweight, but less likely to be of healthy proportions. I'm certainly well overweight myself. I'd be intrigued to hear what "they must have parents" might have to do with it. :) I've had a box at Serverbeach for a few years, and they've been very reliable, and are pretty cheap. There's been a single issue I was unhappy about, which was a mandatory IP change for my box due to a reconfiguration of their network (after they were bought by peer1, a fiber/bandwidth company). All else has been nigh on perfect. They do expect that you'll handle everything yourself that can be handled remotely, though I wouldn't think that was a problem in this crowd. :) Edit: Er, and if you do choose to go with them, email me for a discount code if you want one. Python and web.py Here's a thought. You say cooking feels like coding to you. It doesn't at all to me. One major difference for me is that when you make a change while coding, you can see instantly what the difference is; there's no delay. In cooking, you often have to wait for minutes after a change to see if it was a good change. But after thinking about that, it dawns on me that cooking is like coding, if you're using a language that requires a separate compile step. I've always avoided those languages (all my experience is in interpreted languages, except for CL, which still has no requirement for a length compile step). Anyway, less fancifully, I think there's a culture difference, here. If you grew up in a house where there was always a hundred things you could nuke for breakfast, why would you ever learn to cook unless you were especially interested in one dish that had to be cooked? Lastly, I was a nerd when growing up, and we were pretty much the poorest people in the trailer park. My father knew how to cook hamburger helper and most anything else with instructions on the box or can, but I cook far more than he did when I was growing up. There's still always a strong temptation to just grab a bag of chips instead of making a meal, but my wife gets unhappy if I do that more than once or twice a week. :) Well, there is that. I spend rather more time gloating about my Macs than I should, I suppose, and much of the gloating is about antivirus suckage for the Windows boxes. :) Didn't the applications themselves call for email addresses, or am I misremembering? I'd assumed it was an artifact of the storage mechanism that pg didn't consider problematic enough to fix. PostgreSQL, for example, has no order guarantees unless you explicitly call for them, but seems to order by last update to the row. Not that I'm suggesting that a SQL database backs news.yc; pg seems to have a preference for filesystems over databases. Me, too, on both counts. It's too late for that: "with 14-day advance purchase" Just now, yes. Ah, well... Good luck. We're on that path, too. Here four. "because surely you could get 15000$ somehow" I think you live in a different world than some of the rest of us. Not only is 15K a lot of money (more than half of what my wife and I made last year, and we're not doing badly here in east Alabama), but it's often the case that the only people who could possibly get that kind of money are friends and family who've already paid for most or all of a house. So, the question becomes, would you rather work on this part time, or try to convince your parents or friends to bet their home on your startup? Serverbeach has 2TB bandwidth and varying amounts of disk up to 500GB. They don't manage the server for you, though, after setup. ...but in SV, 15K will only last a month, whereas here we could stop spending so much and actually live for a year on that. Our home cost us 51K for 1550sq ft on a homesite with 12000 sq ft. Is this the best place to start a startup? No. However, having attempted to pull up and move to an expensive place where we knew no one (NH, in 2003), I'm not eager to go through that experience again just now, so we'll just keep plugging away until we succeed. For someone with an actual degree, it ranges from ~20K starting on up to 60K or so in this area. There aren't many of those 60K jobs, though. People who have ambitions beyond ~40K typically either move or start their own business(es). More than half the people I know run a one-person business either on the side or instead of having a "job". There are a coupla barriers to moving; we have a house to pay for, hardly know anyone (personally) who doesn't live around here, and have issues "getting a decent salary" due to history. I've been freelancing for seven years, with no degree, and it turns out that people aren't interested in hiring someone like that remotely. In 2003, we gave moving to the Boston area a shot (Nashua), but the only position I managed to get was Comcast tech support (and all our clients were down here, of course), which didn't pay enough to save up enough money for a deposit. It was a totally different world up there. Here, if you have a thousand dollars, you can pay a deposit and the first two months rent, and have plenty left over to look for a job for a month. Your first full paycheck at even a convenience store would pay the rent. In Nashua, I was making (for the 6 months we were there) about the same amount I would here for the same job, except that landlords wanted outrageous sums for housing that even slumlords would be ashamed of in the South. "Let me get this straight: you want nearly a thousand a month for a room that doesn't even have a private bath?! Did you accidentally include an extra zero?" Anyway, enough ranting. :) If you've lived in such a place long enough to think it's normal to pay thousands a month, rather than hundreds, just to have food, gas, and a small house, I imagine it's hard to understand the shock. Six months into that attempted move, after being too exhausted from dealing with people all day (I'm not a people person) to do anything but collapse into bed, it finally became clear that there was essentially no way we would ever be able to save up enough money (we had to stay in weekly places, due to never having the 2K or so it would have required to get a crappy apartment). We'd been spoiled by doing exactly this same thing in 1998 moving to Florida, and having that turn out well. So, basically, the biggest barrier is that it would take years of saving, here, to come up with enough money to not instantly be homeless in the Boston area or SV. Alternatively, we can just continue with doing startups in extremelycheapland, while living a middle class lifestyle on 15 hours of freelancing a week. I'm sorry if you got the impression I wasn't spending lots of time on my startup. I am. I was explaining why, for some startups like mine, it wasn't a clear-cut decision whether to try to move to a startup hub, because it's arguable that the lower burn rate is better. "How much do houses cost where you live, btw? I don't think people would be "gambling away their houses" by giving you 15K - wouldn't that just be two or three years more of paying off the mortgage?" Yes, I admit I was being a bit melodramatic. :) Houses around here cost anywhere from 30K (manufactured home and a building lot) up; site-built homes start in the 60s for a small two bedroom place. I don't personally know anyone who spent more than 150K for a house within 40 miles of here, but there are a lot of ads for subdivisions "starting in the 190s" and such, now. Property values have gone way up for newly built homes, but older homes haven't appreciated proportionately. As I mentioned above, we're paying a little over 50K for ours, but we had the land given to us by relatives. This is all totally off-topic, I suppose. Perhaps I'll point at this thread when I start hiring to explain why I'm only offering 35K salary. ;) Twitter, apparently. It's funny. Laugh. Probably he wasn't serious. :) If they're not claiming it's their work, I'd say it isn't plaigarism. (And they don't appear to be, as of comment time). Current voice recognition technology is actually fine. My wife's phone has a dial-by-voice feature that she uses all the time to select from her contacts, and it's a prepaid phone she bought outright for 19 bucks. This suggests to me that voice recognition for things like "Call Mike" is a solved problem. Sure. This was mentioned last Friday, too, I think. :) I've emailed you. You might be interested by http://common-lisp.net/project/cl-prevalence/ . I think their secret is that YC deliberately tries to choose founders with a certain design sensibility. As someone who runs a small business as my "day job", I'd say it most certainly isn't bad to compete with small businesses. :)