I see where you're coming from, but environment has many subtle factors that lead to, I believe, missed opportunities if they aren't taken advantage of. For example, what would a Houston Oil startup gain from spending a few months of critical startup time in a city with high rent, drastically different driving culture, little access to oil companies, services, equipment, fields and etc, and a completely different set of laws regarding their practice? Better to be spending their after-hours times mingling with the oil folks in Houston bars than the tech folks in SF bars. Who makes the first top-level judgement of "this is very good" or "this is very bad?" That's the story story of a game-learning program that found the best way to "not lose" at tetris was to pause right before a brick extended above the top of the level, and leave it paused indefinitely. I don't understand how this is relevant - it's a technology people use to stay connected, share photos, and communicate. Is there some issue you have with this? The article wasn't commenting on the moral implications of facebook or even the beat-to-death privacy issues. Soulless algorithm designed by living humans, hosted on a website which features user-generated content, designed by a human. It's not like it's AI. Many of the bootcamps rely on this self-selection as an aspect of their admissions, to ensure their post-program hire numbers stay high. For example, having a technical interview with a high failure rate, followed by about 80 hours of precourse work, followed by another failure chance on a precourse test. Those that have the desire and ability to learn enough technical material to first pass the technical interview, and then complete the precourse work, probably would have figured out a good deal of developer skills on their own anyway. My only fear is that ultimateGuitarTabs will use these developments to make visiting their site on mobile even more of a hellish experience. Agreed here. I found myself lethargic and frankly stupid until I discovered, through a sleep study, that I have sleep apnea. To cure this, I was simply prescribed an anti histamine pill, to be taken once a day, and a corticosteroid spray to be taken in the nostrils once a day. My sleep apnea was cured within a week and my abilities as a developer increased tenfold. It is really amazing how much of a difference in your personality and abilities a good night's sleep can make. A quick google search shows, yes. Anecdotal, it's how I was raised. Really? A person can be the flagship of a movement that is so opposed to your point of view as to be dangerous. A radically religious up and coming politician for example. Or, I suppose, Hitler. When it comes to investing, "I like how the teams work" is probably not the path you should be walking down in making a decision about where to drop a hefty chunk of change on. Odd, I hadn't heard of that until now, and I spend every day in a room with ~20 people all on various windows 10 machines. 'Travel > Destinations > Middle East' So I can assume Yahoo isn't the one watching this particular bit of my internet traffic... That's probably a different sort of correlation than a Google-caused one. I wonder how this applies in my case - self taught with a degree... in Literature. I haven't had a hard time finding a job but that's a pretty big selection bias. These are all really nice looking, but the android radio buttons seem very user-unfriendly. I'm usually pretty good at sorting out indecipherable buttons and whatnot but they've got me stumped. Even if you could argue that Apollo was nothing more than a "PR Stunt", what is the issue with it being that? From a nationalism perspective, there's a tremendous advantage to be gained from plugging an entire generation with patriotism from a moon landing. Why is your OP getting downvoted? Are we assuming they're an SJW because they informed us of the popular meaning of those words? I knew what those words meant and would have shared as well, despite how much I detest the SJW movement. They is the easiest, and already fully adopted, option. Why bother trying to add another? They is the easiest, and already fully adopted, option. Why bother trying to add another? You must not have been alive long. There was a time people in the States were being jailed and having their rights rescinded for possibly, maybe, being communists. But, but, salesforce is building another downtown San Francisco skyscraper! That means they're successful, right? Guys? By having your articles directly on your site, linked to via a "feed reader" that everyone already uses - twitter, facebook, reddit, etc. I remember trying to get into RSS feeds a few years back. I passed them by - it was easier to just hit news.google.com or my multireddit or twitterfeed for news I was interested in. Sure, I didn't "get it," and yea fine I'm not the smartest guy ever, but I'm probably a good representation of the average net user - interested in efficient means at getting the news such as RSS, but also tremendously lazy. Why bother? I already have a twitter/reddit/gnews account. Now that's thinking the npm way I didn't finish the problem in my interview, and got hired. I asked the PM later why, and he said "we wanted to see you try to solve a problem we know you couldn't, so we could see your problem-solving process and how you handle stress." The author of the article comes off as defensive and blame-shifting. I'm not surprised he didn't get hired. Since when is it ok to say "why?" when someone asked you to perform something in an interview? Do you really think the multi million dollar news agency will need you to program a maze at some point, so they're testing your ability to? Just how dumb do these engineers think recruiters are? Tim Ferris based a huge chunk of his "24 Hour Body" book on the concept of cold baths. This illustrates a question for my I've been wondering for a while - while each developer on a project should have a good idea of security best practice, is it worth it for each to be an expert in security? I've always felt that there should be a member (or team, depending on project scale) for each project who is a "security expert" and can guide decisions for security best practice. So the developers can be aware that they need to tie in an API key at some point, and the security expert can guide the best way to implement that. 5,677,000 tourists to Brazil in 2012. So 500,000 is an 8% increase, correct? If you're looking at the chart, that's 2012, not 2015. I typed "Virtual Reality" and got back "Media depictions of Latinos don't match reality" https://www.theatlas.com/charts/V1RJtzYA Can anybody ELI5 what this site's supposed to be doing? They also washed their hands before they went inside. Edit - and wore a hair net I find this absurd. This is natural language processing. What do languages have? Gendered pronouns. Some languages have gendered nouns. We use language to communicate information about our environment. Whether or not someone is male or female may be irrelevant to how they perform in certain tasks, ie, don't judge someone by their race/gender obviously. However, purposely crippling a natural language processor by removing its ability to use language to determine gender is insanity. Every single aspect of this API has a degree of uncertainty. If you'd like to improve the capability of the algorithm, put in some PRs to help out the accuracy. Hey I'm a noob, can anybody expand upon what other languages are used to program mainframes? Is there any indication that COBOL will eventually be traded out for something newer? Hey I'm a noob, can anybody expand upon what other languages are used to program mainframes? Is there any indication that COBOL will eventually be traded out for something newer? Off-topic, but I've always felt like "silver bullet" isn't a very good metaphor to use because we keep using it sarcastically, as above. Wasn't the silver bullet the only way to stop a werewolf? Or does the phrase come from somewhere else? Anyway maybe something like magic bean or some other "looks useful but turned out not to be" metaphor would be better, not sure which one though. How are two sites sharing this fingerprint information in a way that says "yup, this is the same guy?" Like is there some sot of cabal of evil advertising companies running a bunch of sites, or what? I work for a popular bootcamp and can offer further insight. Interviews: Criteria include technical ability. Our site points towards a lot of free resources for learning JS, and I can personally attribute that there is enough material to get a liberal arts student from 0 to a basic understanding of core JS functions. If they can't use those free resources to self-teach, or haven't grocked the material after attending a bootcamp prep course, they probably won't be able to keep up with a 3 month intense training program. ~80% of applicants will be asked to interview again, and of that percent, maybe 50% will eventually be accepted. Criteria also include hireability. If a potential student has never held a job in their life, they probably will be rejected. We want to bring people in that will be employable, and motivated to seek employment. On that note, yes, personal hygiene and social skills come into play. If someone comes in for an interview that we would loathe working with, they will be turned away, regardless of their technical ability. Outcomes: We are financially motivated to ensure students get jobs, but probably not in the way many think. We don't receive placement fees (that I'm aware of), but we all face the rampant "bootcamp grads aren't as good as comp sci grads" mindset in the industry. For every candidate we place, that's one more person proving that bootcamp grads can operate on the level of a comp sci grad. That's good for brand. More people will hear about the program, be more likely to attend, etc. Furthermore, more PMs and Engineering Managers will see the good work of our graduates, and perhaps come to understand that these candidates are competitive with a comp sci grad, and be more likely to hire grads in the future. On reporting failures: The hardest work in avoiding "failures" is in the admissions process. It's rigorous. If someone would be a "failure" i.e. unable to finish the course or unable to build the portfolio necessary/perform in technical interviews well enough to get a job, they won't get into the program (mostly). I don't work in outcomes, so I can't comment on how transparent the numbers are, but there's no concerted effort to conceal anything at this bootcamp and I feel the numbers are accurate. Without a doubt, it's worth investigating a bootcamp thoroughly for outcomes results before attending. Alumni Network: Shockingly powerful. For example, one of our graduates interviews at, say, google. They meet with the outcomes staff after and discuss the interview. We now have a general idea of what to expect in a google interview. This data is stored and updated for every single graduate, forever . So if a candidate who graduated 2 years ago is job switching and interviewing at google, they can come in and discuss what to expect in a google interview based on other alumni interviews, practice whiteboarding problems with staff, etc. We are careful about NDAs, etc. Everything I've seen is above the board, but I can't speak for any but one bootcamp. >The ability to communicate The bootcamp I attended focused heavily on this aspect. All sprints were pair-programmed, and there were 3 group projects. They lectured repeatedly on team dynamics, feedback methods, agile workflows, etc. Furthermore, applicants with extremely poor soft skills wouldn't make it into the program. We call those "reminders." I would say the concept of DX is rising not just in terms of UI, but in the holistic sense. For example, Windows releasing the Ubuntu Bash and Microsoft Code in an attempt to make Windows a better DX environment. My first serious introduction to programming was through Harvard's online CS50x course, which uses C. I think it was a fantastic way to introduce a newbie like me to what programming languages are doing under the hood with memory allocation, pointers, value vs ref, etc. I once tried out Tan-tan, China's version of Twitter. I was idly swiping away until I saw, on one girl, "you have crossed paths with her twice!" underneath which was a Baidu maps frame showing Balboa Park station. Swiftly uninstalled. Oh well. I feel the same way about all the Monty Python movies. To each their own and whatnot. Occasionally, yes, though I'd say that 2% of accepted students because people already in the industry have the skills to learn what is needed switch over from say back to front end, or apps to webapps, etc. Typically these students learn a great deal of soft skills and pair-programming skills while they're here, so I think it's still valuable. Apologies, I like to keep my online and RL identities as separate as possible. In any case, I can only speak for one bootcamp. I really don't know if all the other ones are doing placement fees. Besides the fact that on android, the app requires what appears to be every single permission, be aware that all companies dealing in media have a designated Party official liaison who usually sits in the office and has more decision power than the editor in chief. Based on my experience working and developing in China, I would say I can all but guarantee that the Chinese government is viewing and editing all data as it pertains to wechat. All chatlogs, all private conversations, all financial transactions, all GPS coords for checkin locations, all of it. They may not be doing anything with it, but it's being stored. I'm about to take us from off the rails to into the forest, but since we're on the subject - poor people are poor, yes, but I think the biggest problem is lack of financial education. I know people that are making enough money to live comfortably, but are crippled by debt caused by poor decisions when they are younger, or poor decisions now. I say better financial education, and then the next step. That's fine, but so why don't we? If the whole purpose of downloading all these courses is so that we can continue to access them after Coursera goes full moneygrub mode, surely someone is willing to sacrifice their Coursera account for this? Does this mean netflix can stop paying Comcast?