> There is, it's called "Chinese OEM manufacturers". > (Yes, I know that an 'OEM manufacturer' is like an 'ATM machine'.) OEM means "Original Equipment Manufacturer". > When things like this happen, I always hope that consumers that got screwed over by the deal (and people that hear about it) avoid the acquiring company after the fact. If they treat pebble customers like this, how will they treat their own customers later? Well, the CEO of Pebble Technology, Corp is joining YC. Also, the services aren't shutting down right away. If everyone gets their money back, the major downside is the lack of warranty and the lack of fixes to the product. Especially any security & reliability fixes. As a Pebble 2 owner who is happy with the product as-is I am not sure if I should be happy I did receive my Pebble 2. You're missing my point. "OEM manufacturer" would mean "original equipment manufacturer manufacturer". > My only complaint is they try and be clever and detect when you move your wrist up to look at it, so it auto-shows you notifications. This sucks because it's not totally reliable (so half the time I press the button to bring up notifications and it ends up dismissing them because they are already in view, and other times it triggers due to an incorrect motion). I wish you could turn that off but I haven't found a way yet. The Pebble watchface Time Orbit by Spectre Collie has the very same problem. I love the watchface looks, but if you tilt it, it decides to show other info such as date. It is a usability problem. There's a rather large difference between the Vector and Pebble though. I checked various Vector watches and saw most at 500 USD, with one at 400 USD. So the cheapest Vector appears to be about 4 times more expensive than a Pebble 2 Classic. I don't know, that just doesn't seem like a fair comparison. > but a lot of other Pebble users are pointing to this one as an alternative. Yeah, that's all nice, but what about the price comparison? I had a look and the cheapest Vector I found was 400 USD. In contrast, the Pebble 2 via Kickstarter cost 100 USD (OK, with VAT and S&H it was 115 USD for me). > I couldn't find anything about that, so it doesn't look like it supports that yet. But I assume that it is being developed. You see, that's the problem. Pebble has been around for multiple years and had an ecosystem going. A lot of applications and watchfaces with functionality. Pebble 2 versions also have a HRM. A Core would have a GPS. You wouldn't even need a phone w/that. My Pebble 2 sync with Google Fit as well. That's a big plus for sports like running and hiking (running with a phone sucks, esp as phones become larger and larger). Vector looks classy, like a Pebble Round I guess, and it has a huge benefit in 30 days battery. Even if your battery is starting to wear out you'll still be able to use it for a long time, unlike the one day flies like Samsung and Apple. What Samsung and Apple have going for it, is research into usability. I'm not saying they're there yet but their products are iterations on usability R&D. The usability isn't quite there yet. That's why smartwatches aren't there yet. People know this. They read reviews. They speak to people who got the watch. I saw someone with a Vector saying they had a scratch on their screen. I'm worried about the same on my Pebble 2. Previously, I'd just buy a new one (a new official screen for my phone would cost 85 EUR; which is a lot less than the average SGS or iPhone). I really wouldn't want that on a 400 USD product without knowing beforehand how much a fix would be. One thing I still miss with my Pebble is a simple shop list on my watch. I end up grabbing my phone while in the grocery store for Google Keep just waiting for that day a kid runs into me and oops, it falls, ca-ching 85 EUR new screen. Agreed. TANSTAAFL, and I guess it is the old left (as in everyone equal) vs right (free choice) debate. We get free bread for lunch. Cool, but I don't wanna eat bread. Coffee is free. Cool, but it is bad quality, my el cheapo espresso machine at home is even better. Plus I'll experience a massive down in the evening. Oh hey, not the employer's problem. I've never seen free soda anywhere, but the thing is: it is just a lot of sugar, with too little water. I won't drink that if I get paid for it. At least water is free, and that's important in the summer. I'm free to go grab a cup, and the walk is healthy, too. Then there's these parties 'for team spirit', with all kind of fried food. Cool. Guess who pays for that? Screw all this. Like you said; "I'd rather get paid a little bit more." Gee, I really screwed up there with reading and comprehending. I don't know what I was thinking. You're right, of course. I find it plausible that self driving cars with the same software can perfectly understand each other via predefined behaviour patterns. If you follow that premise, it becomes less safe to drive manually. So, under this premise, the modus operandi is to be automatic pilot instead of manual where perhaps manual driving is even illegal because it is less predictable. The question wouldn't be, if this change happens; its when . Where's the turning point? One could argue its up to our politicians to decide. I'd be interested in data from other trends such as smoking. When was the turning point there, and what was the "market penetration" of smokers vs non-smokers or proponents and opposers? > very specific and nonintuitive usage of "free" Supposedly it is because the word libre isn't recognized well enough in English. Quoting: "To emphasize that “free software” refers to freedom and not to price, we sometimes write or say “free (libre) software,” adding the French or Spanish word that means free in the sense of freedom. In some contexts, it works to use just “libre software.”" And: "We stand for freedom, and we show it every time—by saying “free” and “libre”— or “free (libre)”." https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/floss-and-foss.en.html Perhaps liberty software or liberal software would work... > If Google wants to charge Apple iPhone prices, they can't continue with Google level service. This differs per jurisdiction, but in general you are entitled by law to receive a working device without flaws. In my jurisdiction this even extends beyond warranty. For example, you can expect a car, a door, or a guitar to work beyond 2 years. This law is irregardless of what you paid for the product or what the perceived quality is. The law even extends to software updates (security & reliability fixes). As for Apple, they managed to ship my MBP 2010 with a broken discrete GPU yet fail to replace it. They also try to scam customers into buying extended warranty which basically is an anti harassment tax. Why don't they have some kind of postal address where the phone can be send to? The phone was send from one, why don't they have a return address for RMA? And, (FWIW, in NL) if it does fall under warranty, the additional S&H costs would be on the seller; not the buyer. > I would say that in a society like that, there is more amiss than simply a lack of free speech. Every society (and community) has norms which are acceptable, and those which are not. If a person decides to not live according to those norms they're an outcast and will be dealt with as such. The society is like a living organism which will protect its norms in order to survive akin to an auto immune system. Because of these principles every society lives within its own bubble, too. I suppose Von Trier's Dogville touches upon the subject, but there's countless examples available from Swartz to Snowden. If someone has another (or better, more accurate) example I'm interested hearing yours. > but last time I was there, electronics were generally much more expensive than in the US. There are various factors: * VAT is always included unless (if its aimed at business solely, like IBM, then this doesn't seem to be the case, but then that is being mentioned) * Relatively low EUR. The EUR also isn't doing so well compared to the USD. * Storage tax. This to compensate the entertainment industry. * Environmental taxes. The price you see in store is the price you're gonna pay (excluding S&H but the seller has to inform you on that before the sale is finalized). I find that practical. > since they preclude inexpensive short-term-use or disposable electronics. Which I consider a great thing because its better for the environment (although not good enough). I'm not interested in buying a new phone every year because the software isn't updated anymore, or because the battery isn't allowing me to use the phone for a whole day anymore. That's why -after burning myself with various cheap and expensive brands- I got myself a Fairphone. No, it isn't perfect and it won't run the latest version of Android, but at least it will have all security & reliability fixes backported. Monthly . At the very least its a step in the right direction, and the Fairphone is leading by example. Do you have credible sources to prove the significant factor is race? You see, I believe your point, but that won't convince those who believe it wasn't influenced by racism. They'll say "conspiracy theory" and move on. Disregarding cannabis, it also seemed to me that LSD was to become illegal to harass the hippie community. But how to prove this? The way this works appears to be rather easy; you look at the characteristics of your political opponents, and then decide what they have in common which your status quo group doesn't. Then a process is begun to incite FUD. Once that campaign in successful you got momentum in your group and you make a law which makes that thing illegal. > Meanwhile I often joke that the highly permissive BSD/MIT/etc. licenses are for commies. On the contrary. Let us use Politicalcompass [1] as spectrum. Gist of it: x = left v. right economics, y = libertarian vs authoritarian. Now, communism (not Trotsky; the communism as we have seen in countries in the 20th century) is left on x, but high on y because its highly authoritarian. BSD/MIT/etc. licenses are more permissive than GPL, and its obvious GPL is more authoritarian in this way. But because the GPL enforces the code to (mostly) stay the way it is, it is more left-wing than BSD/MIT/etc. [1] https://politicalcompass.org > What new coding projects were they involved in since HURD started (OK. Replicant.)? "New" is difficult to assess. I'd say: GPLv3, Libreboot (fork of Coreboot). But it depends on what you find important. A starting point is here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Software_Foundation#High_... > 2. He doesn't let the FSF be larger than him. > Who's their 2nd in command? Fallacy, easily disproven at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Software_Foundation#Struc... I guess you never heard of Eben Moglen (who's a lawyer and does great work with advocacy and public speeches), or Bradley Kuhn from FSF Europe. > Who'll take over after he passes on? Did you know who'd gonna take over Microsoft or Apple beforehand? No. > What will the FSF look like in 30 years? What will USA, Microsoft, Google, or Apple look like in 30 years? shrug > The last few years, everything he's written seems goofy and childish This is you growing older and wiser, and his old rhetoric being outdated (someone like Eben Moglen, or even Edward Snowden is more up2date). You'll find the same to be true in other idealistic writings or speeches. > Didn't libreboot start outside the FSF, then come inside, and is now trying to get out? Yup, drama, long story. The question was though: > What new coding projects were they involved in since HURD started (OK. Replicant.)? Looking at the original question: former packages qualify, as long as they're new . When does this 'new' qualify though? Perhaps not here because of Libreboot being based on Coreboot. As soon as a project joins GNU though, it becomes "GNU Name" and it is officially a new project. Development of Hurd was started in 1990. So we're looking at least from 1991. A list of current GNU packages is available at [1] and [2]. Of note, I suppose GNOME qualifies. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_GNU_packages [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU#Components Not a new concept. I guess its akin to "eat your own dogfood". I'd also compare it to how everyone at McDs starts from bottom up. In your example though what if an employee is so plain awkward on the phone that they're performing badly. Still on Holiday Help duty? > Rosa Parks (and the less famous women who did the same thing and preceded her), for example, are certainly heroes. Not every activist or revolutionist is violent. Sticking to known examples: Gandhi is another excellent non violent example. Sticking to politics, Nelson Mandela. Mark Felt, also a whistleblower. More recent examples are William Binney, Edward Snowden, Julian Assange. These are my examples, of people I consider heroes. History will decide who the public's heroes were. These people go against authority, often get ignored or bullied in return, including loved ones and relatives. Like the poster from Fargo, "What If You're Right And They're Wrong". It indeed takes great courage and often sacrifice to go against the tide. That support employee who's ignoring his protocol and is risking a sneer (or worse) from his boss, the one telling you truth while he's now allowed? He's performing one heroic deed . If its a pattern, we can speak of a hero. > Show me a better world that actually works. Try teleporting back to the 20th century and experience the internet in its full glory. Without advertising. > What happened with the idea that ads were a means you had to get to know useful products? It died a long, long time ago. This guy, Freud's nephew, is what happened: Edward Bernays [1]. As covered in Adam Curtis excellent documentary on the subject of the history of propaganda and advertising "The Century Of The Self" [2]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Bernays [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Century_of_the_Self > If all ads were banned forever from existence, how would anyone discover anything new? By word of mouth. I know, not a novel idea, but it seems to work quite well on this very website! The fallacy is that ads were never informative anyway. Its not obnoxious now because uBlock and spam filters works so well, and HTML5 killed Flash. If you don't take such quality filters into account, advertising is far, far worse nowadays. We're talking about everything before the dotcom boom here. The internet was a lot bigger than WWW, and Macromedia Flash (and Doubleclick) were initiated in 1996. That covers less than 5% of the 20th century. Also, Flash wasn't (ab)used right away for advertising, and if one didn't have it installed not much was missed. Perhaps an online Flash game or two didn't work. No big deal. There was spam on Usenet (the first spam coming from Digital Equipment Corp or was it SUN in the early 80s) and IRC, but it wasn't acceptable . > I hate this shit. Between adblocking and piracy, people are just going to push publishers into a new form of advertising where they don't even know they are being advertised to. This is going to mean more "sponsored posts" on sites you love and less authentic content. Its going to mean your favorite movies crammed with product placement ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfHuZ5qrYX4 ). Its going to mean a distrust of anything you see on the web much greater than exists today. Its going to mean every product review you read about will be 90% about the affiliate payment they get and 10% because of the product itself. If this'd happen en masse this allows competition in the market of reviewers, news sites, and social network sites. It also allows for fact checking (which perhaps even gets automated). The model which works is akin to seed fund, or open source development by contract. There'd be say a review in the make of a product X. In order for it to be made, Y USD is required. This is then gathered via crowd funding. Then those who paid get early access, week later its in the public domain. The model isn't even new. LWN uses it, to name an example. > Entire neighborhoods are no-go zones. There are "demonstrations" on a monthly basis in pretty much every large city in Holland [...] The amount of looting during those demonstrations is absurd (ie. walking through the shopping street on the day after has them looking like a warzone). Really? In Holland? I'm from Holland, and I live near Amsterdam which I think qualifies for "pretty much every large city". Where exactly in Amsterdam are these demonstrations with looting you're talking about? How do you even define "demonstration"? Also, have you considered the news isn't newsworthy on a national or international level, but is on a local level? News from Amsterdam can be found on at5.nl, tho personally I hardly ever read that. Rotterdam has their own local newspapers and news website as well. Etc. > There is a Middle African refugee problem, but "somehow" this has escaped the attention of newspapers). This is plain bullshit. The African refugee problem (whom were mainly arriving in Italy) was well documented in Dutch media. It is just that such is not being reported much anymore because the other refugee problem is newer and supposedly much larger. > Julien Assange Julian Assange I was quite emotional the day I learned Pebble was RIP while from this article it seems the CEO gave a good shot to do the best for his customers and employees. Alas, nothing can replace it (yet) My Pebble Classic (!) can do: * Time/Date (with many watchfaces) * Calendar * Weather * Stepcounter * Sleep tracker * Alarms, Timers, and Stopwatch (smart alarm for sleep, other ones useful in the kitchen) * HRM (via SimplyHRM or Strava) * Running/bike tracking (native or e.g. w/Strava) * Music control (Spotify, awesome during sports) * Google Maps support (also with navigation) * 2FA HOTP * Oh, and notifications (w/filters) * With recharging once a week. Which also means the battery is gonna last, unlike those watches who recharge daily. * Works under shower, too. * And all this, for the price of ~100 EUR (a few EUR for some of the above apps). My Pebble had the dreaded graphics issue. Pebble 2 has build-in HRM, but it isn't as accurate as my Polar H7. Pebble 2 has a crystal clear screen, the design looks more professional, and the wristband is better than the previous iteration. The only thing I've never quite been able to set up, is managing a shopping list for in the grocery store (just with the ability to flag what is done). I miss such a feature so much! Using my smartphone for this is a ticking timebomb. One day, a kid is just gonna bump into me and poof its gonna drop on the floor. Won't happen with a smartwatch. And that is a use case right there, one no other device than a smartwatch can fulfill. I admit, smartwatch use cases right now are niches, but that doesn't mean they're irrelevant. Plus, in The Netherlands it is going to be illegal to use a smartphone on the bike. A smartphone is far more safe, and it won't drop. Being attached on the wrist has a clear advantage for use cases like these. One disadvantage is information leaking. Although smartphones are also vulnerable to that. Ventrilo is laggy compared to TS and Mumble. It won't show the lag as ms, but it is there, and it is real. Its due to the way the protocol works, or it is the server. It is no longer in development, and you can't even run your own server on your own hardware. The interface is from the 90s. You don't want to use Ventrilo for gaming in 2016. TS supports plugins. No lag issues, can run on your own server. Closed source. Mumble is open source, no lag issues. Interface is slightly less good than TS. Supports SSL. Discord, like you say, Just Works (tm). It is very easy to use, the interface is amazing, its in active development, and setting up a server is free. It also works in the web browser. If you're into Blizzard games, Battle.net recently added native VoIP in their client. The advantage that has as Blizzard gamer is you don't have to install any 3rd party software. You are right. Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carmen_Ortiz > With an armband you lose a hand for interaction. Absolutely true. What you gain is (some are more or less debatable and/or situational): 1) Stability. The device cannot be knocked out of your hands or dropped, unlike 5" phone. I can give you two situations where this is very safe where a phone isn't: in a store, and on a bike. 2) 24/7 on you, with the advantages you mentioned. 3) Less chance of the device getting grabbed out of your hands. If the device looks like a normal watch (and not like an Apple Watch) the chance of getting robbed for your watch stays approx the same. 4) Information leaking. Phone has this too. Phone has larger screen, watch with t-shirt is 24/7 seen. > With that out of the way - you know your cell phone carrier already has this data right? Its close to fascism when the argument becomes that the government (ie. NSA) already has this data. > including establishing relationships based on who you call, which sites you visit, who you are signed up on a plan with, etc etc. Not if you use Signal and Tor. Also, the phone company supposedly doesn't abuse that data (they certainly don't have my permission for that); Uber supposedly doesn't either, but it is proven time and time again that it is being abused. Just like the NSA watched people on watchlists watching porn. For evil software practices like the ones from your employer we need two things: 1) FLOSS applications, and legislation against these practices. (Ironically, your employer is already breaking the law in many jurisdictions as we speak.) 2) If that fails, and for the time being we can still work around it by uninstalling your application. We can also still work around it using magic like LD_PRELOAD faking the geolocation. There already exists libfaketime, not sure about geolocation. Its also already possible to fake this in the browser: http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/disable-fake-location-firefox-i... > Did something happen in the last year that made everyone demand 32GB? Yes, RAM-wise applications become more bloated due to containers, VMs, and the (ab)use of JS-based applications or 'apps'. Take into account I am typing this on a MBP from 2010, 6 years old, which shipped with 4 GB RAM which I was able to upgrade easily to 8 GB RAM, with a 256 GB SSD which I put in myself after updating from a 512 GB 5400 RPM HDD. By some (certainly not everyone) MBPs are bought to be an investment of several years, yet MBPs are no longer 'pimpable'. You can't upgrade their internals anymore. So what happens? People buy them with higher specs than they need. Which means a bigger or quicker SSD, and bigger or quicker RAM. Which brings me to the following point: the MBP used to be a relatively bulky laptop/notebook, but a beast. A compact, less powerful version was the Macbook Air which as the name suggests was also lighter. At best, it has shifted. At worst, this is no longer the case. Because the MBP is designed to be light itself . Finally, the battery. If it is already bad with 5 hours out of the box, this can be improved perhaps via software. Who knows? That is the risk of buying. You don't wanna take that risk. A product as expensive as this one needs to have high uptime out of the box. Plus, the battery will degrade over time as well, and Apple products haven't been known to have easily replaceable battery (compare to Dell XPS). Now, the problem with all of the above points is that they're all made so that the MBP -supposedly the powerhorse of notebooks/laptops of Apple- is smaller and weights less . Whereas they had the Macbook Air line for that purpose before. It just doesn't make sense from a customer PoV to pay more for less! You see, those who'd like to buy a device for years to come don't mind the USB-C debacle that much. Because in x years, it'll be everywhere (lets assume x=2 for the sake of argument, while the device is being used for 5 years and even if the device isn't used for 5 years it has resale value!). Would be interesting to see some kind of statistical analysis on this one. There's also the conundrum of writers using amphetamine, like Hunter S. Thompson did. Tho he (ab)used more than just that. I don't really see what these offer over say my Plantronics BackBeat Go 2 which lasts 4 hours. They're also connected to each other, going behind my neck. You may think that is a disadvantage, but I can easily have one in and one out if required. Besides, these Airpods don't solve the quality Bluetooth lacks. A disadvantage is you can already lose these easily (if disconnect both and keep hanging around). I don't even wanna think about Airpods and how easy they will be to lose. Try putting your smartphone in a safe place, and have wired or wireless headset, and use some kind of smartwatch to control your phone and receive feedback on your performance. I use a Pebble 2 for that, but there's other alternatives available. Bonus points is my phone is stored safely without saying to random strangers "rob me" . Because for the less informed customer that is descriptive, and allows those customers to enter the reality distortion field. It is the same with "Air", "Pod", iSomething", and "Pro". Meaningless buzzwords. Then again, every company has their set ("Surface", "ThinkPad", "Yoga", "Zen"). Trust me, it has nothing to do with real yoga or zen. I'll refrain to make a comment on "Pro". Just ignore the buzzwords, insofar that they don't tell you anything about the quality of the product and instead look at price/feature/quality comparisons and make up your own mind. > You talk to your boss. Your boss talks to the NSA. The NSA will find a way to silence the white-hat. Problem solved. Seems you're assuming the white hat hacker is from USA. I'm not so sure the NSA is going to be able to silence a white hat hacker from say Russia, or anywhere out of USA for that matter. > It's not OK. You want to fight the freedom fight? Go work in politics. Don't screw your own country. Except, whistleblowing generally doesn't work like that. It is not as if someone joins an organisation with the intention of blowing the whistle. If you look into the story of a whistleblower (countless of examples available), you'll see they're just hard working employees who work for their employee, and who stand behind their employee (regardless of if the employee is a government or a company or an NGO). What happens then, is the person decides to become a whistleblower because if this is being cover-up or silenced, it is wrong . IOW, they notice wrong doings the general public ought to know. Lets forget all the obvious examples of Binney, Snowden, Manning, and the like. Take for example the whistleblowing on Jacob Appelbaum alleged sexual harassment. Those people who blowed the whistle weren't "out to get him". As far as they were concerned they never wanted to blow a whistle, and just lead a happy (employed/ ) life and their current employer. Even someone like Assange 'grew into it' somehow, and he's both an outlier and an agent _for_ whistleblowers. [ ] Or, if not being paid, volunteer. 10 USD for 1 hour of play is a lot of money in general. That's not akin to: > "it always saddens me too see the rejection of people to basically pay for anything on the AppStore." Because the point is that the value one gets out of it, is too little for the amount of time it is fun. That is, of course, assuming there's no replay value. There is replay value however I, for one, prefer a difficult game, and prefer one difficulty only. I know, game designers want to make everyone feel 'awesome' these days. All kind of ladders, including for single player! I don't like that. Give an immersive first time experience where the player has to overcome difficult hurdles. Getting stuck? Tough cookie, practice and get better, and you'll feel awesome once you progress further. Compare WoW TBC with how WoW has every difficulty for raiding these days. By the time you get to the highest difficulty it isn't epic anymore. On a different note, 10 USD is a lot of money for poor people. Then again, those people are unlikely to have an expensive iOS device. You despise Pay 2 Win (P2W) and prefer Buy 2 Play (B2P) > Imagine a simple app that plays the coin sound when you jump. Imagine calling it a magic leap. Oh, and nobody ever makes the first jump ;) I agree btw, I also initially thought this was a AR game. Perhaps Nintendo were making one, or its a hint for things to come? While I do think that'd be awesome, and also has potentially interesting health effects (not necessarily all positive!) I think it is also dangerous in crowded cities. It'd be unpredictable. Imagine someone suddenly jumping in the air while you picked up a cup of coffee on the go from Starbucks? Or while you got your smartphone in your hands? Except its almost never teasing, its bullying. I learned the difference between teasing someone and bullying in elementary school, directly via the education system (ie. the teacher). Repeated 'joke' on/about the same subject? Bullying. Is it mutual fun between/with different subjects, and can the subject themselves laugh about the joke? Teasing. Telling someone to 'shape up' after they heard a joke regarding their race, sex, or something else the umptieth time is nigh annoying, and they will explode internally if they're introvert. People do notice this, and it gives bullies (ie. narcissists) fuel. The extroverts will more clearly defend their boundaries, so bullies tend to stick away from those. I don't know if the subject in this story is introvert, but I do know -and this is a generalisation- Indian women are rather courteous. Agreed, and I often ponder on how much that counts for any NSA employee, and I find that a frightening thought. > but I don't see at all how it supports the "almost never teasing" lead-in Agreed! Not sure where the theory I use is from but allow me to explain: Ring 0: 0-5 people. Your best friends. Can be family members, too. Max 5 people, likely less. Ring 1: Your other family, and friends. (These are not your Facebook friends.) Ring 2: Everyone else you know, or think you know. Your co-workers are probably in ring 2. You barely know them, if at all, and you must stay courteous to them by default. Maybe you drink a cup of coffee with a few of them during a break, and eventually get close and get to ring 1 (or even 0, just don't dream about that). [Note I am not sure if there is also a ring 3 to distinct further. I don't use it.] So IOW I default co-workers in ring 2. Those people in ring 0, you can say pretty much anything you want to them. I can make a very, very bad joke about something to people in ring 0 and they'll know I am joking. They can take the offence, and I can take offence from them as well, besides I know when they're joking and when not. It is because I know these people very well, for a longer period of time, and I love them. You don't make friends, you become friends; ie. you can't really force people to get higher in the ring. It kinda goes natural, over time. The people in ring 2 require a professional attitude. Those are your co-workers. You don't insult them, you don't hurt them, you don't bully them, and... you don't tease them. Why not? Teasing belongs to those in ring 0, and perhaps in ring 1 provided you're careful. > Which is why your last line is jarring - it's almost exactly the sort of comment that you and the original post are objecting to! Oh, in such a situation I'd keep it before me, so that'd be some kind of thought crime. The reason why it matters in this context tho is because that detail makes it easy to envision how she became a victim of bullies. You see, bullies pick their victim like a leopard picks their pray. In this example they wouldn't pick a vocal woman who seems to stand up for themselves. > I would argue that if the repeated joke is agreed upon by all involved, it doesn't have to be bullying. True, and this can occur on work, but by default it does not. See my comment hereunder on the different social rings. There is also the argument that one needs to accept criticism, or "take some flak". People take much better criticism 1 on 1. So if your boss finds that you clothe yourself badly he could address that during a meeting. Another way is by addressing a whole group without mentioning individuals. I suppose at a small company the likelihood you're on close terms with your direct superior is higher, making a situation where a boss just casually mentions your clothing style more fitting. > If someone can't tell that the subject isn't involved, the problem isn't their bullying/teasing, it's the fact that the person is a jerk. I'd say a bully is a jerk (and very likely, worse, suffering from personality disorder(s)), but also there is the autism spectrum which meddles with the point you make. A normal person learns this in their childhood but there are people who simply lack the social skills to read their joke is inappropriate. Although even then, it is a spectrum, not a binary 0/1. Not only that, remember the Diebold debacle around GWB election? He was one of the people who hacked that machine, and researched other voting machines as well. He's running a course on Coursera called Securing Digital Democracy https://www.coursera.org/learn/digital-democracy I can highly recommend it. Shifting the blame between the various railway companies also happened in The Netherlands. On top of that, swapping train between different corporations doesn't work in a user friendly way (you need to log out and in, or be considered a free rider) because nobody in IT has figured out to fairly calculate and share the profit fairly. Since the government doesn't stimulate or punish this behaviour there's no incentive of corporations to fix this. They've been saying since forever that they'd fix it. > Walk around Berlin right now and count how many "screening" checkpoints their are in the train stations. Spoiler: there aren't even doors on all the entrances. Somehow, as if by magic, trains are clean and run on time. The strongest smell is from the food vendors in the attached mall. Times have changed! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berlin_Zoologischer_Garten_rai... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christiane_F._%E2%80%93_We_Chi... "Cinematography is bleak and dreary, depicting a dilapidated, working-class Berlin with rundown structures and dirty, blighted backdrops. Modern Berlin is very different and most of the landmarks from the movie (the station, the Bülow street stalls, the Sound discothèque) have either been demolished or completely remodeled." "Most of the extras at the railway station and at the Sound club were actual junkies, prostitutes and low-lifes rounded up by producers just for the crowd scenes. In the scene where Christiane runs through the alleys of the station to find Babsi, the camera lingers on several terminal junkies leaning against the walls of the underpass. In a 2011 interview, Thomas Haustein, who plays Detlev and was still in school at the time, recalls how terrified he felt being surrounded by all those real-life addicts, but that he was able to successfully copy their behaviour for his character." In EU, you have to pay to enter a public bathroom. But as return, the bathroom is kept clean (or at least that is the idea). I read a story the other day how restaurants allowed free bathroom usage to tourists in Germany. This was paid by city council, and allows for a more pleasant stay of tourists. So they like to come and/or return. Word of mouth works. > Yes, "social policies" like transit that's accessible to the disabled, elderly, and poor. Would you prefer planning that tells those people to stay at home where we can pretend they don't exist? This is one of the reasons why there's 1st and 2nd class train wagons. If you don't want to sit with "the plebs", get a more expensive ticket and go 1st class together with the other travellers in suit. This does not exist for busses AFAIK. Although one could walk, rent a bus, rent a car, carpool, or grab a taxi (renting a train(wagon) is actually also possible in some countries/regions). The Pebble Classic v1 did not ship with a lot of functionality for notifications, music and alarm (I remember needing Music Boss for a while), but later on I got all three working (it was permission related). The notifications can be customised. Firmware also did extend such features at the price of less uptime (mine went from 7 to about 3 days). The lack of a to-do app is a huge one for me. Why? Because the use case of using a smartwatch with a grocery store list is huge for me. I'd use it twice a week, at the very least. Replacing the screen on my phone sets me back 85 EUR. A Pebble cost me ~115 EUR (including duties & S&H). And with all the kids and perky people in the grocery store the question isn't if my phone is gonna drop, its when. It is just so unfortunate that Google Keep doesn't have a public API. There also isn't an abstraction layer for to-do lists (I, for one, am not going to pay for a subscription app like Evernote with a cloud based in US). Preferably I'd self host, and gladly pay a one time fee for such an app. > Everyone I know with Pebbles love them, but they tend to be more technical users who wouldn't get stressed over a few bugs. Yeah, that and lack of apps/features perhaps makes the device just not user friendly enough. You can't sell that if you focus on productivity, but you can mask it if you're going for fitness. > Is it just me that stopped looking into smartwatches because they became too fitness oriented? What would really matter is some kind of market research. Did Pebble do those? Or did they just follow Apple/Fitbit and bet on the wrong horse? Did they bet on the wrong horse? > I loved the focus on productivity and having a watch becoming slower because it had to track an increasing number of health metrics I couldn't care less of actually killed it for me. You appear to assume the two are mutually exclusive. You know you can put off the fit part of the Pebble? As for the article, the graph backs up what I concluded reading the previous threads: 1) The Pebbles were relatively cheap with low profit margin. (early Kickstarter adopters got the device a bit cheaper than the final price) 2) Pebble did not yield enough volume in sales. 3) People don't buy a new Pebble every year. 4) No resale value (like Apple devices do have). Add to that 5) Profit margins are much higher for expensive, luxury products. 6) Not deep enough pockets to sustain (other companies have their smartwatch dept on 'life support'). 7) Due to its immaturity the smartwatch cannot replace the smartphone as of yet, nor can any other portable device of similar size (ie. a "Google Glass"). 8) A perceived 'fitness' niche puts the smartwatch in the position of complimenting the smartphone instead of replacing it. This is only short term beneficial. 9) Is there even a market for a low power, high uptime (juice-wise) smartwatch? Do customers complain they need to refuel every day? How important is it? I'd like to compare this to the zealotry Apple put in size of the MBP, sacrificing horsepower (RAM, battery power, ability to replace hardware such as RAM/battery/SSD) and the quality of the keyboard. This while they already had a brand where size mattered over horsepower; the Air.