That is actually a really nice metaphor they came up with. The seal and imprint are pretty useful for explaining signed email. I already explain encrypted email to colleagues with the key and lock metaphor: I give you a box full of open padlocks to which only I hold the key, and you do the same for me. Anyone can have the padlocks as long as you keep the key secure. Seems to work. Definitely! With PGP/Mime email clients that don't understand OpenPGP simply show a small attachment. Without PGP/Mime (the old way) you get funky delimiters in your mail body that look scary to non-technical users. I started with the old way (because it appears to be more compatible with legacy email clients) until a colleague worriedly asked me about the weirdness in my mails, so I switched to PGP/Mime. As far as I can tell only really old Outlook versions can't handle PGP/Mime, and you can use plain text mails as well as HTML. In any halfway decent build your tests will run whenever you build the project, to prevent tests from ever getting outdated. If any test fails, it is because you broke it just now, so you go in and see if your test is broken, or, as is often the case, your refactored code is breaking the expected behaviour of the tested code. > Tests affecting the structure […] is […] a strong code smell On the other hand, code being hard or impossible to test is often thought of as a code smell as well. Code that is easy to test is easier to understand — not in the least because there are tests demonstrating its use. Techniques such as dependency injection help a lot here. Not just to someone else. Nothing is more pleasant than going in to refactor code you wrote years ago, and find that you wrote comprehensive unit tests. Thank you past-me! Yeah, this makes Signal a total non-starter for me. It is doing the same thing WhatsApp does: you need a smartphone to use it. Even the desktop version requires a smartphone to create an account. If privacy is so important for Signal, why forbid using it without a phone number? It makes no sense. > When Times New Roman appears in a book, doc­u­ment, or adver­tise­ment, it con­notes apa­thy. It says, “I sub­mit­ted to the font of least resis­tance.” Times New Roman is not a font choice so much as the absence of a font choice, like the black­ness of deep space is not a color. To look at Times New Roman is to gaze into the void. Nicely worded. Even if you don't want to bother with typography at all, Times New Roman is rarely a good default. It was designed for typesetting tall and narrow newspaper columns, not A4 or Letter width letters and memos. I guess a lot of people are or were used to: tar -xzf file.tar.gz To be honest, I only started doing -xf a year ago. I was used to -xjf and -xzf. We were looking at a company communication channel to replace Yammer and Google Chat a while back, and briefly played with Slack. In the end trading in one cloud service for another seemed unwise. Because we already used self-hosted GitLab when they announced the inclusion of MatterMost (FOSS self-hosted alternative to Slack) we simply activated that and have been quite satisfied with it. Another self-hosted alternative you might like is MatterMost, which is quite similar to Slack in look-and-feel, but free software and self-hosted. After getting fed up with the cost of razor cartridges I went and got a double edged razor holder and 100 Derby safety razors, and never looked back. This seems to be one of those curious cases where (at least in Europe and North America!) almost everyone either owns an electric shaver or buys expensive multi-blade cartridges, and has done so for decades. But over time the value added by those cartridges — safety from children's fingers? Certainly not a closer shave — was nullified and actually made negative by their cost. Meanwhile I shave for €5 a year with safety razors. Is the marketing of cartridges such a strong agent here that the seemingly superior solution is largely ignored? Or am I not seeing the appeal of a Gillette nine-blade turbo-smooth aloë-vera-coated hyper-cartridge? I sometimes wonder if this phenomenon is limited to the West, and that the rest of the world happily shaves with cheap safety blades or straight edge razors. Good set of recommendations. Client-side certificates are great for securing web applications in a corporate setting, but the client-side is indeed a bit rough in the UI — although once set-up, it is no hassle at all. A major benefit of client-side certificates, is that you can increase the security of all internet-facing web applications you have by routing all external traffic through a gateway proxy, and performing the certificate check there. We use Nginx for that, and host applications such as GitLab, MatterMost, OwnCloud, and DokuWiki that way (performing authentication with LDAP so users can log in with the same credentials on all services). I'm not sure I agree with his suggestion of having the ability to automatically synchronize client-side certificates between devices. I would rather have that be a conscious (security) choice rather than an automatic feature. I agree as far as unsupported consumers are concerned, but it is perfectly usable in a corporate setting. As commenter mikegioia already noted; it takes only five minutes to help install the certificate on a user's computer. After that it just works. GWT may have been an impressive solution for a problem that existed when supporting legacy browsers such as Internet Explorer 6 was still an issue, but its time has passed. The general idea was that you get the mature tooling and strong typing of Java, and abstract away all the browser nastiness. Best of both worlds right? The problem with GWT is that you are only using the Java language, and so you are missing all the libraries that make Java such a rich ecosystem when run in the JVM. The abstraction layer it forms keeps your developers locked in a world that is neither Java, nor modern HTML5/ECMAScript. So instead of learning to use new browser features, your team is stuck fighting GWT's idiosyncrasies and waiting for it to finish compiling. If you are considering frameworks for a new web application, go for Ember or Angular. GWT is obsolete and will hold you back. No particular reason beyond my inexperience with React and the impression that Ember and Angular are more mature at this point. I was wondering about that mess just the other day admiring the weirdness of our borders there. I guess one reason why those enclaves and miniature counter-enclaves exist there, is because it makes for a nice tourist attraction; the local community won't give that up without a fight. This seems to concern a small unpopulated peninsula with no buildings at all, so no problem in this case. I tried to open the (Dutch) DOCX that contains the official position paper of our government, but LibreOffice refuses to open it: File format error found at SAXParseException: '[word/document.xml line 2]: unknown error', Stream 'word/document.xml', Line 2, Column 30060(row,col). http://www.tweedekamer.nl/kamerstukken/brieven_regering/deta... Great. Usually OOXML Word files at least open in LibreOffice, but this one seems to have some unsolvable weirdness. I don't get why they don't offer a PDF download — it, at least, is an open format that can be reliably opened on any OS. Or offer a plain text version, or simply post the paper on their website in HTML. Interesting. This is LibreOffice 5.0.2.2. I guess it is a bug in LibreOffice 5.0.2.2. This is the default version included with Ubuntu 15.10. Much appreciated. :) The money going to OpenSSL might be related to the issue the Dutch government ran into in 2011 with the Diginotar (a certificate authority) hack; the TLS certificates for Dutch government websites were compromised at that time. While this hack was not related to weaknesses in OpenSSL (as far as I know), this did put the spotlight on the vulnerability and dependence on of the certificate chain. Supporting the software that provides this crucial layer of security makes a lot of sense for a government that has been bitten once. Done. The helpdesk representative actually mailed me the PDF version, and said that a PDF version should be forthcoming: Bijna alle kamerstukken zijn als pdf terug te vinden. Zo te zien worden de recente eerst als doc gepubliceerd. Apparently new documents can be posted as DOCX only (strange). You are right to point out the open standard guidelines, but unfortunately, they are marked as comply or explain . This means that they are not mandatory if you have a valid reason not to be able to comply with them. In this case, the reason is probably "our civil servants are used to Microsoft's defaults", which is — as much as I disagree with this policy — probably enough to get away it. It looks off somehow, but that may be because of the lack of @font-face. I have no Helvetica on my computer, so some fall-back font is chosen instead. If you have public-facing SSH daemons running, adding 2FA seems sensible. Google Authenticator essentially turns another computing device (the smartphone) into an ersatz hardware token. While this does increase security, I don't like the trend of turning the smartphone into a universal second factor. Alternatively, you could go for a dedicated hardware token such as Yubico's FIDO U2F [1] keys [2]. Hardware tokens that use the fledgling FIDO U2F standard can also be used with PAM and SSH as well [3]. Two U2F keys (one backup) will cost around $40, and can be used with a growing number of webservices, including GitHub, DropBox, and GMail as well. The small form factor means you can put the key on your (physical, real world) keychain. 1: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ 2: https://www.yubico.com/products/yubikey-hardware/fido-u2f-se... 3: https://developers.yubico.com/pam-u2f/ > for example, PIA is probably a massive honeypot for all we know. Why the 'probably'? Of course, no VPN-provider should be trusted at face value, but do you know of any sources that claim that Private Internet Access is in fact an elaborate honeypot? This is not an attack on someone's use of language; merely a polite request to clarify a piece of ambiguous phrasing. If there are indeed sources that claim that PIA is acting as a honeypot, then that would be very interesting to know. I don't own a smartphone, for one, but I could purchase one if it would benefit me. As it is though, I cannot justify the cost and the increased monthly expenses. But for the sake of argument; if I did own a smartphone, I wouldn't want to turn it into a sort of virtual keychain. I can buy three U2F keys for under €60, and have spares. Smartphones are a single point of failure — unless you are in the habit of collecting spare smartphones. There is also the matter of control. At the moment there are only a handful of smartphones that run an OS that is not under the control of Apple, Microsoft, or Google (Ubuntu smartphones come to mind as an alternative). On the other hand, on a normal computer I can run a full free software stack. To me this seems odd. If I own a piece of hardware, I want to run an OS and applications I can legally modify and tinker with, especially if I use it as a security device. By using tools such as Google Authenticator I get sucked into this walled garden. The behaviour of hardware tokens such as Yubico's U2F keys on the other hand is completely verifiable — mostly because they are quite simple compared to a smartphone. (Aside from these personal views on software, I do have high security requirements as well for some services, where a dedicated hardware token is preferable, as you point out.) There is a crucial difference here. With FIDO U2F I am not limited to Yubico's offerings; there are other vendors. FIDO U2F devices can be manufactured by any company (and are). I agree that the ideal situation would be a device that is completely under the control of the user, but compared to IOS or Android, a hardware token that only does what it is supposed to do (in the case of the U2F tokens; register and sign authentication requests), and cannot be modified by the manufacturer after sale is very much preferable. The BBC seems to be managing to do just that quite well. Their IPlayer is quite hard to access from outside of Great Britain. If Netflix will actually do this, then it will be impossible to use Netflix with the majority of commercial VPN providers. (Netflix will lose me as a customer as well.) Kindle; so e-books right? That's digital content, and that suffers from the same problem (and silly restrictions) Netflix is having. Real — sorry — physical books might work. I you do a job for me, and I don't pay you, then most people will agree that I really ought to pay you, and that you were wronged and that I am morally and legally obliged to mend my ways. You could convincingly explain that situation to a five-year old. Now consider the perspective of someone who has the disposable income to pay for digital content, and is willing to support content producers, but gets told that his $10 is not as good as the $10 from someone from another country with a similar standard of living. This is acceptable with physical goods, where transport and stock have to be taken into account, but with digital content and today's Internet speeds it is hard to garner any sympathy. So we are left with a choice: don't watch that show, or download it illegally and watch it. It is quite hard to convince people that by downloading the show illegally, you are now depriving a content owner in some foreign country of income by not being able to sell the local rights to that content for as good a price to a local distributor; if one can be found at all, who might sell that content to you in your country, or not, or only for a much higher price on DVD or BluRay, depending on their whim and abstract factors such as the local digital content market and the actions of competitors, and… Good luck convincing these new pirates of their moral wrong. Firefox on Linux works with Netflix now? I though only Chrome worked on Linux due to the DRM Netflix uses. I watch Netflix exclusively through their website — either on TV with my HTPC (Kodi with Chrome fullscreen) or on my computer. I don't own any devices that can run their Android or IOS apps. It seems strange to consider a currency as a viable alternative for other currencies, when a sizeable chunk of the total available sum of it is owned by a single person or group simply because they came up with the system, and another large part is in the hands of speculators. There is nothing fair about a currency that is so volatile in value by design and is essentially speculative in nature. It is sad to see that this side of Bitcoin is not stressed more often. I am glad that Google is not focusing exclusively on using biometric factors to implement two or more factor authentication solutions these days, because there are quite a lot of valid arguments against widespread use of it. Biometric properties are limited in number (couple of irises, bunch of fingers), cannot be replaced (at least not with a replacement that can serve as a biometric source of identification), cannot be shared (voluntarily), and are considered by many as an unreasonably invasive manner of identifying yourself. Needless to say that the notion of a microphone analysing my every move and utterance sounds like something from a dystopian sci-fi novel. Instead of using biometric properties as a second factor, I find user-friendly and reusable hardware tokens to be very much preferable. Fortunately Google is also a backer of FIDO U2F, which outlines a standard for hardware tokens the size of a thumb — but unlike your actual meaty appendages, it is replaceable and not quite as bloody to lend to someone in case he or she has a valid reason to access your accounts for you. These work with USB, NFC, and Bluetooth LTE, on any OS, with (soon) any modern browser (currently only Chrome supports it, but Mozilla is committed to implement this technique in Firefox as well), and can be used for an infinite number of services; without the token being identifiable across services. Succeed in making having one of these tokens on your (physical!) key-chain as common as having the key your front door there, and use the economy of scale to make these tokens as cheap as a happy meal; that would be an acceptable way to beef up security for Joe Sixpack and privacy conscious netizens alike, but leave my body alone. The tokens you pass out even expire automatically. How useful. Probably because hardly anyone owns one. They are luxury items. Good point. I wonder if it is sensible to limit the number of refreshes permitted (by placing a counter in the JWT that gets decreased on every refresh). That way you could have the JWT be valid for, say, 30 minutes, and allow up to seven refreshes; after four hours you would have to re-authenticate. As for invalidating tokens; if tokens expire after a sensible interval (as they should), than you would only have to maintain a short list of recently issued and invalidated tokens. Older tokens can be removed from that list, because they cannot be used in any case after expiring. You could use a cache with a TTL set to a bit over the configured expiration interval. When the author of a website does this, there are a few tricks you can use in modern browsers to help. In Firefox shift+ctrl+m launches a developer tool that allows you to resize the viewport (for testing responsive designs) without having to resize your browser. Also available in Firefox (and even nicer) is the Reader View, which works on this blog post. Its icon should be visible on the right hand side of the address bar. Then a major factor in this vulnerability is that the API does not exclusively use TLS to secure all communication. You might want to clarify that in the blog post. When you use JWT with the option to refresh the tokens, you usually set an expiry date on the token (if not, there is no point in refreshing at all). So in order to stay authenticated, the client application has to refresh the token a short while before it actually expires and use the new one (which has an updated expiry date) or simply get signed off. The previous token expires automatically — a well-designed back-end checks against the expiry date and any other claims that should be verified, as well as the signature. So you can force clients to accept the new token with a counter that gets decremented at each refresh until you have to re-authenticate. There is no need for a separate long-term refresh token. Most vendors on AliExpress only sell such low-cost items in lots, so you could, for example, only buy these buttons by the dozen. Although that still means you end up with a margin that is ridiculously instead of ludicrously small. That sounds more like an exception than the rule. Everything I order from AliExpress of DHGate ends up at my door. We do have a very dedicated PostNL delivery guy here though. It probably won't help very much to simply name the other big names (you surely know about Heinlein and Clarke), but I was surprised to find Theodore Sturgeon's stories to be quite intriguing, even though he seems not as well-known as aforementioned contemporaries. Try some of his short stories to get a feel for his oeuvre. Could you elaborate on that? With OpenJDK at least the software side of things is pretty much stable and open (in a FOSS sense), so I take you are referring to possible legal ramifications of Oracle's actions? The requirement of a phone number is strange and disconcerting from a privacy standpoint. It is a red flag for me. A well-designed encrypted chat-protocol should work on any modern networked computing device, not just smartphones or computing devices linked to a smartphone. It's great that there is such a strong interest in secure communication, but all of the solutions that keep getting placed in the limelight in recent years are either centralised or exclusively available for use with a smartphone (because of the phone number requirement), often both! I'm sure that these solutions are a lot more secure than completely unprotected alternatives, but am I wrong in assuming that if you want secure and private communications, the following principles must be met at the least? * The protocol used must be open, standardized and implementable by others * Widely endorsed by cryptography experts * An implementation must be available and developed as free and open source software * End-to-end encryption is used for the contents of the conversations, private keys do not leave the user's computing device * The protocol must not have any technological barriers that prevent an implementation from working on any modern operating system (i.e., a phone number is not required) * The protocol must allow for a complete communications network (clients and servers) to be implemented without the need for centralised third-party services (The last point probably implies federation.) For e-mail, OpenPGP meets these requirements. For chat, XMPP has Off-The-Record messaging. Some of the above points are hostile towards any party that creates secure communications tools with the intent of growing a large user base for economic purposes. Call me a sceptic, but this is probably why use of these protocols and principals is limited to security experts and software developers who understand these principles — for anyone betting on creating the next WhatsApp in one of the mobile walled gardens embracing the whole list means risking losing your potential advertising eyeballs to alternatives. Of course, there is also the matter of infrastructure. A lot of people expect to be able to use these tools for free, but that implies that someone is paying for the hosting of (relay) servers. > impossible Difficult perhaps, certainly not impossible, and quite feasible if someone helps you. But I am not suggesting OpenPGP as an alternative for chat-apps for everyone; only for those who understand how to use the technology properly. I mention OpenPGP and XMPP OTR because they are examples of open standards that do fulfil the principles outlined above. That is, to illustrate that it is certainly not impossible or infeasible to create such a technology. What is missing is a technology that does that, and allows anyone (regardless of technological prowess) to use them safely. It is a tough problem though. I'm probably dropping my Netflix subscription when the VPN-route fails (seems to work for me now oddly enough). It is silly to expect customers outside of the US to pay a slightly higher subscription fee for a significantly smaller catalogue. The Netherlands hasn't got it as as bad as Poland, but still our catalogue is only half that of the US. I am willing to pay, and I understand that regional licensing is a complex topic, but I am often interested in the older films and series. It is great that Netflix is rolling out their own shows world-wide, but without the VPN-route it feels like I am subsidising a catalogue I cannot access myself. UNOGS probably uses a list of all countries in the world and maps that to the Netflix catalogue. I doubt the Pontifex's Netflix catalogue differs from that of Italy.