Mediatemple. Excellent. We. Yes, Yodlee is crazy expensive and doesn't seem willing to negotiate with startups. CashEdge may be a better option. And, as has been noted, you could handle the top 5-50 institutions yourself which would get you very broad coverage. If you want regular credit card processing, have a look at WorldPay. If you want alternative payment processing, PayPal or Google might be good options. $5 per fax is not cheap. The defenders here are using fairly tortured logic. Startups should spend energy on thngs that matter, not email. No wonder Loopt got left in the dust. Definitely PayPal. Not only should you be able to get 5% + 5c, it also is just rolling out a much better UX for digital goods and more importantly has 200+ miliion ready to pay. This is terrible advice. TextMate...like I'm guessing most Mac users will answer. Kod looks promising. Looks cool, I expect to give it a try. Was leaning towards SimpleGeo. Doesn't look very promising to me. How will you be populating the database? Will this be better than Google, Odesk, Yelp or 1-800-Dentist? It looks far to open-ended to me to be of any value. $20 sounds low. $50 is reasonable. There actually are not too many good providersin this space. The only I can think of off-hand are Phonebooth and Grasshopper. Most of the others are much too cumbersome. DotCloud is interesting but I think I'd prefer a set of comparable Fabric scripts and an AWS account. But that wouldn't be a very good business I suppose. People probably think that Yammer purposefully makes it difficult when the reality is that 1) departing customers are a small fraction of users and 2) it's difficult to prioritize highly a feature to "close an account". I didn't understand a word you wrote. This is wrong. All you have to do is return a "200 OK" and PayPal will stop sending IPNs. You don't even need to perform the validation postback at all. It's completely optional. REST is totally useless since no one really knows wha it means and there are few if any APIs that come close to being "RESTful". REST's proponents, including Roy, have done a dreadful job educating on what REST is. As I commented on the Rdio thread, it would be nice if the complainers actually suggested how the API in question could be designed more RESTfully. I'm just saying the validation is not required. There are different ways to ensure the IPN is valid. Except the guy gave two other examples of impossible-to-search-for Microsoft-given names: .net and c#. No. I always like to do something practical, not a mere exercise. So my first choice is actually building something with a full-stack framework like web2py. You can easily create a db-driven web site in 30 min - 5 hours. I hope people recognize that CL's continuing longevity is because of it's simplicity, not in spite of it. Has anyone actually run in to this problem or is it speculative? I got an error like that also when trying to log in. It's another in a long list of attempts to create a digital cash scheme which will never work. Regular money is more than satisfactory for almost everyone. You ready to pay $10k? $50k? $100k? Because it would cost at least that much to serve the handful of people who want to pay for that feature. The poster may have valid points but the post is useless. Anyone can sit back and say a maker didn't do it right. I actually don't think his points are all that good. I thought Cloud Servers were from Rackspace's Mosso project and Slicehost remains mostly independent? That seems a little harsh without any specifics. Does he mention what happened to Rasmus? Square is the only card-present service I am aware of that offers a free swiper, no application process, no setup fee, no monthly fees and a reasonable transaction fee. That is clearly competition. It's suicidal to enter the game with an alternative. You have to build a chunk of business and then you can think about something more alternative. Jack and Keith clearly understand this. First, yes, Square is going after what you might call a "consumer". Second, Apple counts millions of small businesses among its customer base. People don't want to be charged a fee to make a face-to-face transaction with someone they know. That is a lousy business. You're probably not the only who feels that way but it's as likely that this could speed it up. NFC is just a fancy way to communicate a number which is the easiest part of a credit card transaction. Square will be well-positioned to serve the long tail when/if NFC gains traction. It does feel a little flimsy and it takes a few tries to get the hang of it reliably. At some point square will need to provide more heavy-duty readers for higher volume merchants. Agree with most of this. Python is an excellent language to start with. I would suggest downloading and using Web2py. It provides a complete environment for Windows, Mac and *nix. You can be programming a web site in literally minutes. Web2py can run entirely off your PC (with Rocket and SQLite) but then you can easily deploy to a server (nginx, apache, etc; Mysql, Postgres, etc). The Web2py Book is terrific and includes a very brief summary of Python: http://web2py.com/book Try to build something that people want. Better, try to build something that people would pay for. The point is that 5% de-duping (ie less deduping) would lead to the high number. Probably under 150. I'm sure Twilio is hoping this sounds impressive but it sounds pathetic to me. Services are supposed to stay up after all. Shortish article summary: no information about which performs better. That doesn't make sense. The main benefit of Groupon, et al is finding new customers. Not sure why the downvotes but average all-in costs of startup employees in the Bay Area startups is less than $150k. It's better to have buy-in even if you don't need the cash. The Python overview in the Web2py docs might be sufficient ( http://web2py.com/book/default/chapter/02 ). It's very concise but covers the basics. Then, for reference, the Python docs are the way to go. Two points: 1) "Smart" people should be able to figure this out. 2) Great answer to "What does it feel like to be the smartest person in the room? I'm in the wrong room." There's a major disconnect here: PayPal is not digital cash, it's credit card processing. There is a major difference. What a terrible article. The guy got fired! Isn't that sufficient? Buffett has always railed against the ridiculous processes that cripple other companies. Why would or should he behave differently?