That would be super frustrating. Is there just no recourse for sites like this? I assume they are hosted overseas, but do hosts not respond at all to complaints? I would be curious what variance of load would be required for this type of auto scaling to be worth the time vs just putting your own bare metal in a colocation facility or leasing dedicated boxes. The price performance is so much higher on dedicated. Or for that matter, using reserved instances instead of scaling with spot prices. That is my experience as a technical cofounder. If your partners don't have the marketing or sales chops, you will live in a constant world of blame where they are waiting on you to complete the product. If only you could figure out how to do that last big feature, we could sell it... This customer says they will buy if it can do this... I think this is a very common refrain in small startups. If the business side can't sell it, it must be that the product isn't good enough yet. Unless you own 100% of a company, it isn't really ethical to give yourself a discount or freebies. And wouldn't be legal unless handled correctly with the tax man. Even hedge funds aren't zero sum. They receive dividends on the investments they hold which is a return that is not zero sum. Of course, the more active a fund is, the farther it gets from zero sum, but it would never be fully zero sum. Additionally, financial services overall are far from zero sum. There is a great deal of efficiency and market lubrication created by financial services and if you exclude the high frequency traders, you leave a huge majority that is still quite beneficial to people on both sides of the transaction. No, I didn't say there are exceptions. I said MOST financial services are NOT zero sum. The zero sum ones are the exception. I'm grateful there are people out there willing to push past what is "allowed" by review boards and regulatory agencies. Some of the data provided may be dubious, but if it weren't for unsafe, seat of the pants DIYers out there willing to take risks, I think we would be in a much less advanced world. That might not be the case if it weren't for all the fakes dragging prices down. Same reason a 32GB iphone costs hundreds more for the next level of storage. And why 64gb is pretty much the largest offering. 64gb isn't enough? Pay for more icloud storage. Yet you can buy a 128gb sd card for $30. I wish that image included La Danta at El Mirador in Guatemala. It is possibly the 2nd largest by volume after the one in Cholula. Although because neither are excavated, there seems to be disagreement on which is larger. An 8 hour work week is definitely something I can get behind. People don't like to hear it, but some of the biggest perpetrators were lower level employees at mortgage mills that were lying on mortgage applications and putting false information on them to get them approved. While in some cases it may be that the executives were specifically instructing employees to lie on this way, most likely they were just being far too overzealous and putting too much pressure on the employees. Additionally, people who lied on their mortgage applications were also to blame. Then of course at the top on the securities side, there were those that knew about these shady practices but went ahead anyway. So ya, some execs should be on jail probably, but even more low level sales guys and sub prime borrowers should as well. Yes, I have. But I think the job never running at all is the problem I am trying to avoid. If the cron didn't fire or if the entire command just failed, or if maybe the server was offline when the cron was supposed to fire, a check after the job is finished would never happen. Yes, he doesn't invest in indexes himself, but it isn't just for the little people. He recommends it for his family. The big secret to Buffet's success is not his picking ability, it is his management ability and good business sense. Yes, of course he does pick to an extent, but he also buys large enough positions to sit on the board and install the right people to make things happen. He also uses his already large portfolio to help create opportunities between the companies he owns. It's unlikely even Buffet himself could replicate his initial stock picking success over a long period of time and he would be the first to admit that. It previously came through the MWS order API. My custom order management software would pick it up. So you could only get it if you have a professional account. However, I believe that amazon has discontinued the practice of giving out phone numbers as of early 2014 to sellers due to some idiot sellers harassing their customers. But if you have someone's name and address, there is a decent change you can find it by googling their name. Especially if they have a land line. edit: Yes, I also logged in just now and it does in fact show phone numbers. Not sure why I stopped picking them up through the api. They may have changed the field name. Also, it is strange that there are multiple complaints about not being able to see buyer phone numbers any longer in the seller forums. I think maybe they went away for a time and are back. Feel free to email me at derek (-at-) stonebrookdesigns.com You can bring it on the Ola E if you bought it in the airport. So you can't take a bottle of water through security check, but you can take a note 7. Except Sam was the real deal. Even after he had hundreds of stores, he flew himself around in a single engine Cessna to check up and work with his managers. When they had annual corporate meetings with all the executives and managers, everyone received a box of walmart deli fried chicken for lunch. The culture was always to save on frivolity and pass the savings on. Even today, corporate headquarters are rather spartan. Mostly inside old converted store buildings. First thing to note here is that the IRS does not care about what states your offices are in or whether you have a physical presence or not in those states. If the accounting firm told you this, I would seek a second opinion from an individual, but skilled and experienced CPA. The IRS is only concerned with federal taxes. They do not deal with any individual state laws. Second, if it is a pure SaaS product, I am yet to see anyone anywhere in the US charging sales tax. Most states specifically do not tax services which includes SaaS. This article breaks down a few... http://blog.taxjar.com/saas-sales-tax/ You will note that there are some that require taxes and if you have employees in some of those states, you might take a look. Thirdly, as an example, the laws in the state of California state that if a certain percentage of your work force are in the state, then you would need to register and file income taxes in that state. I had a US based SaaS startup with remote employees in multiple and firms were always trying to raise concerns about how we needed to file income tax in every state we did business. It would have been an enormous undertaking and is just not necessary. Lastly, you probably do not have enough presence in the US to be considered having a tax nexus. My unofficial advice is don't worry about it. Accountants are like attorneys in that they are very conservative in the advice they give. No one is going to come after a small company like yours for not paying a portion of your income to their state because you have 2 or 3 remote employees there. The IRS is not going to try to get you to pay income tax if you don't have a big presence in the US. There is a 99.9% chance you will never be contacted by any of these agencies. And if you are, the worst that will happen is they will review your situation and try to get you to pay back taxes. After which you can hire a good firm to negotiate that away or down considerably. The IRS and especially state governments have very little jurisdiction on entities based outside the US. Things may change in the future, but for now, there is very little specific law on the books that would obviously require that you start filing and paying taxes all over the US. We went with a synthetic crystal/man made diamond that is simply beautiful and was cheaper than a moissanite yet is quite a bit closer to the fire and refraction index. The key is to spend the money on the band. The quickest trick that jewelers use to spot a fake is a cheap band. No one puts an expensive diamond in a cheap plated band. We had a custom platinum and 14k yellow gold band with pave diamonds and it is stunning. My wife gets compliments literally daily. I am quite confident that even a professional jeweler or gemologist would not be able to tell with the naked eye that this is not a real diamond. Add to that, the majority of the cost for the band was the raw materials which we paid spot price for. You could literally melt it down and get most of the value out of it. Additionally the companies that sell the higher end synthetics offer lifetime warranties and in our case, even a replacement for a lost stone with a deductible. I've never seen a finished well take much land at all. For most 600 acre sections of land, even multiple wells on that land would take up an acre or two at most. Fracking itself takes more space just to bring in the equipment and water tanks. But after it is fracked, at most there is a "christmas tree" and a few water tanks. As for the extra space for fracking, most states require returning the land back to how it was before after the few month process of fracking is done. But then of course, that license is only valid while you are a student. So after the class, you might as well have just pirated it since either way, you are breaking the license. Exactly. I don't need a 3d printer to build my own cable driven wrist actuator. I just need to print a beefed up version of that weak hinge you included because you spent so much time building a fancy 3d model in solidworks that you forgot to test your final creation in real world conditions. You aren't aware of the common refrain in academia, "snitches get stitches"? He says that, but the way he explains it, it sounds like they just didn't have an overdraft limit on his account. To me, there isn't much difference in doing what he did and grabbing a handful of money out of an open cash register because no one is watching it. Now if he got a letter in the mail saying they had extended him a huge loan, that would be different. Sounds to me like this guy never really took responsibility for his actions. He seems to be trying to justify his actions by calling it a loan, but I've never heard of a loan where the bank tells you that you can just start over drafting your account and let it go negative, then pay us back later. In the case of hyperinflation, it doesn't matter much. When cash on hand loses half it's value in a month on a regular basis, virtually no one will keep more cash than is needed for purchases and will spend all of it the day they are paid if possible. I believe this practice is no longer allowed. But of course is still happening. I actually think it is a very good idea for most. I have plenty of money but I generally sweep most into various accounts and keep a minimal amount in my checking. On occasion things will miss and I might write a bad check. If the bank doesn't cover it, then you could accidentally write a hot check, which can actually be a felony. So I am happy to pay the bank $35 for my mistake on occasion if not just to avoid the possibility of someone turning my bad check in to the prosecutor. I use it in occasion but have never really thought of it as a line of credit because there is no interest, rather a flat $35 fee. I find it to be useful. Sometimes I miss a deposit and one of my checks takes me in the negative. The overdraft protection keeps me from bouncing a check, which is a crime and you can have a warrant issued for your arrest. Are you sure about that? Do you have an example of someone getting prosecuted for posting security footage of someone breaking into their own home? Not a chance, whe there the footage is the front porch or the bathroom. It's all about expectation of privacy. You are not protected from invasion of privacy in a public place, because there is no expectation of privacy there. And I expect a jury would also find that there is no expectation of privacy when you break into someones home and use the bathroom or steal their phone/camera and take it to your own home. The fact that you lump the EU into one statement seems to indicate that you don't really know what you are talking about. In the UK it is explicitly legal to take photographs of people in public places without their permission as long as the act can not be construed as harassment (which is similar here). But I don't know about the many other countries in the EU, I suspect they all have their own laws as well. But I think the model has already been proven out with many millions of miles driven and very few accidents. The tech is here. It isn't mainstream, but it is here and it is better than humans in most conditions. Easy to see why quark lost. In design had full color, on screen layout with pictures while quark had this ugly, difficult to use mess that put boxes with Xs in them denote where your picture would be and had some weird feature to show a terrible reproduction of the image like a rendering that had poor performance and may have been black and white only if I can remember correctly. This was long after wysiwyg editing was extremely common place in consumer software. Well if you say so, it must be true. You do realize that he is talking about terminology for the general public? The names you are suggesting are just terrible. They don't sound good and are not even close to widely understood terms (no offense intended). Perhaps you are not a native English speaker? Ya, these prices that you see politicians touting are from the cheapest providers and hmo only. In the Los Angeles area, the closest gp was an hour away with a 30 day lead time to get an appointment if you go with the budget plan. For those that don't know, in an hmo, you have to go see your gp for a referral for everything. In grown tonail, go to gp when you know he will refer you to a podiatrist. With a ppo, you can go directly to the specialist. But ppo under aca are the "premium" plans. Silicon valley does not offer 9x the salary though. You also have to add into that the fact that almost everything is in fact more expensive in SV. Not 9x more, but groceries are nearly double what they would be in the midwest. Restaurants are more than double for similar quality. So the other living expenses being the same would not be the case I think. I like mailgun, but I am having a devil of a time with them sending to MSN and aol addresses. Basically 0 deliverability. And their tech support is going on 4 days without looking at my ticket. But maybe it's not their fault. Thanks, that will be a useful tool. I use f.lux. Cuts out most of the blue spectrum. But being a night owl is not the only reason I get more done. No one bothers me at midnight. No one calls or texts or emails. I'm left to my own thoughts. Add to that the fact that people have been describing themselves as night owls since before electric lighting was invented, I don't think that is a full explanation. I have total blackout curtains in my rooms. My circadian rhythm has no idea if it's 12 noon or 12 midnight. I don't think anything magical happens to make it unhealthy for me to wake up at 9 am Pacific time vs 9am eastern. If you exclude the position of the sun, then what bearing would chronology have? As long as you are on a consistent cycle with sufficient sleep, it wouldn't make any sense to think your body cares either way. To say otherwise would deduce that moving from one time zone to another forever puts you at odds with your circadian rhythm. I really like the site and the simplicity of your offering. What has been your main strategy for customer acquisition? I am always interested with a general use product like that what the best approach is. And how do you like drift? I ended up going with intercom with my site, but I like drift as well. Ya, I really don't see how they can justify displaying other people's content. They did the work, but they don't get the clicks or ad revenue or even a chance to keep the user on the site. I wonder how Google would like it if someone launched a site that when you search, it doesn't display results from its own database, but perhaps just a selection of the best results from Google. But is there really a small cohort of CRT nostalgics out there? I mean I get the records, the sound is unique and music is absolutely ubiquitous. Arcade gaming is a much smaller market and I find it hard to imagine that there are enough CRT purists out there to warrant a business. Especially considering a nice new OLED could be fashioned to look like a CRT. Let me just add my two cents, having gone both routes. The mantra you will hear all day long is exactly that... Wouldn't you rather have a smaller piece of a huge pie than a big piece of a small pie? But I would urge you to weigh things out. That first 7% is just the beginning. They will urge you to hire the best and brightest, time is of the essence. They will tell you not to worry about money, more VC money will flow. And then you find yourself with a big payroll and the need to raise another round, and then another, and then another. Before you know it, you've built the $100 million business you always wanted, but you aren't in charge any more and you own maybe 10 percent. Dilution happens faster than you realize. (Unless your growth is off the charts and you can negotiate amazing terms because VCs are falling over themselves to give you money, ala facebook.) At that point the question becomes, would you rather have a hundred percent of a $10 million business or 10 percent of a $100m business? I sure as heck would rather own all of the smaller business. You don't go to the board to ask for a raise, you don't hope for a liquidity event so you can get rich one day. You don't waste time trying to convince investors that you will succeed. You control your destiny. But to each his own. Maybe you would never be able to get to that $10m on your own. And maybe you would rather be known as the founder of something big. Nothing wrong with that. Just know that the headaches and distractions of going the VC route are legion. Thanks very much. That clarifies things for me. I had read in their literature that being able to send to lots of devices was one of the reasons, but doing so in your own code is not difficult. But after searching around the web to find out how, I am seeing a lot of people with inconsistent errors and bugs with their code, so I think that answers my question. I would also add that it appears SNS offers analytics on delivery rates for push notifications. Which I didn't think was possible since the Apple API doesn't seem to respond back with success or fail. You would think so, but taking into account fees, there are actually ZERO funds that beat the market over a 30 year period. You can research this on morningstar. Maybe there are some super secret private funds out there that beat the market over the long period (Madoff's fund was one of them). So ya, you would think they wouldn't stay in business, but marketing and complexity is powerful. Their best trick is to hold a ton of funds in their portfolio then show you the ones that have had a good run the last 10 years. Then of course a different ten in a few years. Hold enough assets in enough configurations and of course you will have some winners over shorter periods of time. But good luck guessing which ones. It is a trillion dollar industry but not for beating the market. It's for the fees they charge on assets under management.