Shouldn't it be another type of combinator? Therefore the price is about $500 for the puppy depending on the dog. Then you have to factor in food costs and checkups to keep the dog looking cute. I read that WikiLeaks was on fire also. Some UPS caught fire. No. I doubt that this nutjob has made any contribution other than spreading hate. They really should use http://sisc-scheme.org/ . It is a much better interpreter than Kawa. I don't think kawa has tail call optimization. I think if it was the plans to make this it would be more Hacker. I use safari's built in RSS reader or Google Reader. I usually read the whole feed unless it is quite large and then I skim them or read the first 10. Well using reverse sort of misses the point. You are supposed to implement reverse. Knol doesn't distinctly look like a google page. It seems like they are trying a new layout and design. Some schemers on #scheme on irc.freenode.net are toying with it I believe. I really don't think that Riastradh would approve linking parts of his site to places like news.yc. He started removing the pages because of that. Using the splits that Yahoo has had and its current stock price 1,574,364 shares is worth $31 723 434.6 You know this could also be used for censorship. If someone wanted someone to disappear from a photo this would be more convincing than airbrushing them out. This is a really neat program though. Seconded. They say that they are working on a mac version. It seems like the cappuccino version is slower to load compared to the jQuery version I wonder how the OLPC will do given there are a great deal of competing netbooks already on the market. I would recommend SICP http://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/ Very messy. I really should clean it up. Because its Dilbert. Not ycombinator. Sounds like stuff from the minority report. For some reason the site is saying that its blocking me due to a "hacking attempt". I don't understand why it is doing this to me I wasn't trying to hack it or anything. Using lisp if you have a network based REPL you can modify the running code live without taking the site down. Create a new space station and possibly try to go to mars. Maybe you should also invest in a spell checker... It looks like so far the GNU project has been a huge success. Actually the prime was found through GIMPS and that is a vast distributed computing project. See http://www.mersenne.org/ Those goggles almost look like they are from splinter cell. More like the former than the latter. Maybe it would be better if we try a more top down approach generating data semantically? Maybe a browser that has a zoom in function like the iPhone could be devised for these netbooks? Looks like an Ignoble prize in the making. $0 Great, more crap in the blogosphere. What's next amoeba writing blogs? Yea like arc . Oh wait. I would host in sealand by havenco see http://www.havenco.com/ Your interface seems a bit cluttered. I would try to clean up the frontpage a bit. I can get a free cup of coffee from starbucks and extra credit in my classes if I vote so that justifies why I am voting. The opportunity cost for me not voting is too high for me. I smell an ignoble prize winner. There doesn't seem to be any xml / html generation libraries and they call it weblisp? Thanks for being a ruthlessly honest dick. See http://code.activestate.com/recipes/343386/ First rule of hn. Don't tell others about hn. I use darcs for personal use and it is very easy to use. #scheme on freenode. Performance hasn't though. I think I will finish this com What is supposed to replace newspapers? Traffic is probably better. Traffic that actually makes you money is even better than that. Is open source hardware that much harder to do thats why there aren't a lot of projects out there?