what would happen if a suspect destroyed the keys? What would happen if the suspect destroyed keys prior to arrest? (ignoring the similar difficulty of proving this) That last part, what? Excellent app! I too am jealous you beat me to it. I just wanted to say one thing, you can make it open source, or wait until someone else does it. Now if that isn't karma I don't know what is Hey, I'd be very interested to hear more about this! Do you have a newsletter or something like that? I had the idea that there is so much untapped potential in selective breeding of cannabis after reading about various terpenes and their medicinal properties. The market's just been breeding for ridiculous THC levels (I daresay harmful levels - unfortunately I know several heavy smokers who have been institutionalized) without the CBD to balance it and without exploring the role of the other chemicals. So I'm happy to hear that this is changing! (Like that news of a 15% CBD 1% THC strain from a few years back) I wish you the best of luck! To clarify on the last bit, I was thinking it would be great if the genetics from the new high CBD strains could be brought into the mainstream by crossbreeding with popular strains. My interest in this has to do with the idea that in the 1970s, CBD and THC levels were both around 1%. THC has skyrocketed but CBD has not. THC is known to trigger psychosis and paranoia in sensitive individuals, while CBD reduces anxiety and was found to be as effective as other anti-psychotics. TL;DR too much sativa not enough indica :) Mouth sounds. Thanks for posting that! :) I'm sorry to hear that. are you Steve? I read a similar story a while back! I'm curious, could you kill an animal and cut it up? Do you realize you pay people to do this every time you buy meat? Are you cool with that? In the Netherlands I've had to declare bitcoins on my taxes the last few years. I had the idea a few months ago that, since no one wants to see ads, and since most devices greatly under-utilize potential output, ad networks would slowly be replaced by computation networks over the next few years. So for the time you spend (actively) on a website, instead of being shown ads, you "rent" your device's CPU etc in exchange for the content. woah. What kind of lists are those? How do you benefit from having fewer readers? could you post a bit about your experience? How has this benefited you? Do you mean that exercising led to you becoming vegetarian or cutting down meat? Edit: lol looks like I should get some sleep Vertical tabs for web browsing. It lets me keep everything in one window, and reveals the true nature of internet browsing (an ever expanding tree, rather than a randomly edited list). You can see which page spawned which ones, which is a blessing for keeping the structure organized. Plus the vertical list is much more readable than microscopic tabs or ones hidden with horizontal scrolling. Also, horizontal screen space is cheaper! I use the Tree Style Tab add-on with FireFox, it's the most solid one I've tried. Has anyone here tried PhotoReading? It's the same principle of reading the same text several times, along with an additional preparation by "photo reading": taking in the whole book with a relaxed gaze, one page at a time (about 1 second per page). This makes it easier to find relevant information later, as you instantly familiarize yourself with the high level structure of the material: the relationship between the layout of the page and the information contained. Highly recommended! Link shortcut: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ionescu007/lxss/master/The... My problem with generic chargers is a bit less subtle: my phone battery melted. Oh my god. Can you share any results? Simple and beautiful. That's a really interesting idea. If that existed here I would subscribe to you now. What is this mysterious ubiquitous "unauthenticated ssh tunneling"? You may be interested in Quikscript, a writing system inspired by shorthand and intended to replace the messy English writing system. I'm curious, how much benefit is there to having a fibre connection in NZ except for NZ websites? What's the max speed? Not familiar either, but that's an amazing idea Which system did you choose? If you want to be paranoid, I wouldn't type sensitive info into those machines (for any number of reasons) Thank you. That's fascinating. I'm trying to do this with bots. How many ports are there? Are you referring to something like this? http://blog.patshead.com/2013/09/generating-new-more-secure-... At least in term of Apple, it makes a bit more sense when you consider that apple owns Beats, the best selling Bluetooth headphones in the world, and also that they'll get paid a flat fee for each lightning compatible set of headphones made. It's about the courage to make lots of money! Thank you. My heart nearly stopped there. How about carbon nanotubes reinforced with carbon nanotubes? Would it be possible to make a browser plugin to do exactly that? Are those like dog years? {"Error":"sql: no rows in result set"} So... I dont want/need to think about this cause I'll be long dead? :) On a related note, how optimistic are you about life extending medical technology (which is likely to be accelerated by even minor advances in computing and AI)? UNIX and JavaScript? I'm noticing very short ads on YouTube (about 5sec) which are cheaper and more effective (ime) than the longer ones, which are usually skipped before they communicate the message and cause (more) annoyance. Wait.. what? I thought it has a headphone jack? My question is offtopic, but how do you keep lists of urls like that? Do you just use text files? I'm struggling with too much to read Wow how much do you have? I believe it has exceptional value, in the form of not spoiling the whole thing before you even click on it. I can't believe what I just read. Wow, that's great to hear about the head cam. Where are you putting these recordings? I wasn't able to select an answer until the image finished loading (well, it would submit the answer I selected at that point). I would suggest making it so it doesn't have to load the image before you can respond, and maybe compress them a bit more :)