Read about Hershey and Edison :) Taking a break is a really good idea. Not a long one, but something that makes you clear your head, focus on your body and your health, and starting missing creating cool stuff. If your mind's constantly occupied with day-to-day concerns, you can be overwhelmed and it's hard to regain focus. If you can afford it, change your scenery a bit and go hiking or get away to a beach for a week, 'til you get bored of it. What is your goal in making a startup? If you can get a continual sense of reward from accomplishing these things, that'll keep you going :) I wrote a framework and I am still using it, because it's more flexible and easier for me to extend than the other ones. That said, I think it was a waste of time from a business perspective. When you want to build a project, take something open source, rock-solid with a community behind it. You can focus on building your project and not fixing bugs in the underlying layer. Before writing my framework, I had written another one and learned a lot. The second time around, I've made something really powerful and cool, and it really helps me. But it's still not as thoroughly unit-tested and consistent as the ones built by a community. I'm just one guy. By the way, in cae you want to see it: http://code.google.com/p/pal-framework/ :) It's open source. Well I don't know but to be honest I would have demoed something I hacked for http://youmixer.com , the site I'm currently working on, rather than staying up and making http://want2know.org completely from scratch :) I think Amazon Turk could be better used for beta testing and early testing of word-of-mouth. First, ask some people to register on your site and then track what they do. Then, have them fill out a feedback form and tell you what they would have you improve. One iteration would cost you around $20. And if you do it once every 2 weeks or so, you can keep in touch with what your users actually want. Thanks for the feedback, but are you looking at the right framework? I am hard pressed to imagine how you could encounter either 1) or 2) in it, let alone both in a single file. As for your question, PIE is designed to let you write any adapters you want. For example it currently supports only MySQL, but you are free to add support for e.g. Postgres, SQLite or even NoSQL databases. I'm just a bit surprised by your comments because they describe the exact opposite of how most of PIE is designed, and the philosophy behind it. Although I take your point with mixed variable naming. There is lots of room for standardizing the internal codebase more than it is. Yeah, that's a good point. The site doesn't really sell the framework. Until now I haven't really devoted a lot of time to evangelizing it or anything. Beyond open sourcing it, I didn't really put in the time to grow a community around it. What I wrote here is more of an early notice to the hackers out there who are interested in developing kick-ass applications in PHP. If you ask me -- and I've gone through a lot of frameworks -- this is definitely designed to help you achieve that with a minimum of fuss and a lot of power. I finished the documentation, but the sales job needs a lot more work. If anyone wants to contribute their time and energy to helping me grow this open source project, I'd much appreciate it. You would definitely have a huge role in the framework community if you did that. At the moment, though, I am more focused on my startup, and bringing developers on board to help with it. The documentation is there to help get them up to speed. I think you mean "extract", not "explode". And no, it's not icky. It's a very nice construct by PHP, to avoid having to write: array ('foo' => $foo, 'bar' => $bar, ...) and just write compact('foo', 'bar') what's wrong with that? :) About the event system: Thanks man, I put a lot of effort into it. It's way faster than the drupal system, and also more extensible. Yeah I should put something there. I haven't thought of a single killer reason, except "it's faster, more powerful, takes advantage of PHP's unique strengths and encourages clean web programming" Thanks, that's something I should fix. I don't think I'm using Javascript for anything other than the tabs + ajax. I'll convert them to regular anchors as a fallback. Right ... but I thought he said there were methods with > 600 lines of code, and files with multiple classes/interfaces all over the place. That's why I took issue with it. But yeah, the Pie class has all the core functions. The question is, how do you spell NoSQL? :) er s/spell/say That really depends on where you are and if you can offer specialized value to the company. Here in NYC I can comfortably charge my clients $80/hour ... but I do more than just PHP development. Wow, this is pretty awesome. What would people use it for, though? Now if only we had math notation in all the browsers! Well, there's always http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Off-the-Record_Messaging which gives "perfect" forward secrecy Fixed, thanks. I've been following this project for a while - these guys are from my school :) Very awesome to see a bunch of undergrad guys come up with this project. I'm still amazed at the PR they got at the time. I'm also kind of working on my own thing ... http://myownstream.com If you set out to make a private social network, though, it's not that easy. Now, instead of trusting facebook, you'll have to trust ALL of your friends' hosting providers. For example, with diaspora, someone at mediatemple can in principle peek at the contact details you have synced with any of your friends. How is that any more secure? What this is, is decentralized. Which is still really cool! Their app is running on someone's hosted server. You can of course have complete security BETWEEN servers (as these guys say "PGP for you privacy nerds") but ... you still have to trust everyone's hosting company. A single hosting company hosting 1000 diaspora accounts can compromise details of 127,000 accounts, if each diaspora user has 127 friends on average. As far as setting up social networks on a server, there are plenty of those ... dolphin, elgg ... and they are quite good. If you want it to be decentralized nodes, you are stuck trusting everyone's hosting providers to not peek at the data you are sharing. Which imho is worse than trusting only facebook in terms of privacy. On the other hand in terms of everything else, decentralization is a huge WIN! Such as scaling and uptime. maybe they're streams that's what I felt as well ... diaspora usually happens when a people are kicked out of their land to roam the earth among other people. Not very positive as far as connotations go. But hey, let's see what they come up with. I'm working on that ;-) Man, applying to YC has got me addicted to this news site a bit :) Before, I used to dismiss it because I thought it flew by too fast. I remember passing by it a few times in the last couple years. If there was only an indicator of something psychologically reassuring for someone like me, I would have bookmarked it. This is the stuff I understand. Technology, web design, psychology of people online, etc. I notice that when I design a business plan, I think in terms of actual use cases from each participant, and why they would do each step. And if there's a missing piece somewhere then that's a red flag. I ask how it would spread virally, or how it would make enough money to spend on user acquisition. This is how I approach business, using what I know. But there's other stuff out there, SEO, guerilla marketing, PR, etc. and I completely avoid it in my designs because I don't know too much about it. That's why it's good to have a partner who can be involved with talking to PR people and marketing agencies and architecting real-world campaigns when the time is right. Whenever there was a problem, I tried to solve it myself using the tools that I know. All my business plans have been of this nature -- sites that are viral by design and get people to spend money by design. Not that it can't work spectacularly, but it's a one-sided, internet-centric approach. Okay first of all, I'm glad that a bunch of undergrads from my school were able to raise $200k, get a lot of press, and build something. This alone should get a community of people around the project fixing bugs, etc. I've always been saying that making a distributed social network is much easier than "solving" privacy and security for such a thing. First of all, try even defining what it means to privately share things with people on the internet. Then, realize that most solutions (such as diaspora) will actually EXACERBATE the privacy problem, by making you trust the hosting services of all your friends instead of just facebook. That said, after diaspora was announced it made me think about whether it's possible to ensure privacy in principle. Meaning, is it possible to only trust YOUR hosting company and friends, and cut out every other middleman from being able to snoop your data? I came up with something which I think would be very useful, and I actually submitted a provisional patent for the technology, which basically enables distributed AND private social networking using just today's web browsers. If you want to check it out or get involved, see http://myownstream.com . This is an open-source offshoot of a social network I'm building, which I hope to release next year. You can see the roadmap there, but so far it's been going really well :) how do you make that link clickable? I think they were talking about http://wordoid.com and http://domize.com Thanks. By the way, if you really are about privacy you can use https instead of http. That problem has been solved. What do you mean by "integrating"? You mean no one would actually host streams like they host websites? I don't know, these links don't work for me, even with xx replaced with tt. Nothing is happening. I created an isolated twitter account to try it, and nothing. I thought this would be a nice experiment. I use it for all my parties. It would go great with guitar hero though :) And yes the IE6 support could be better :P No, man. I was studying math at NYU. Now I do web development. It's just a coincidence that these guys are also from NYU. I'm working on a site to fix something like that. I don't want to reveal the name yet, but stay tuned :) Work something out with Rackspace. They will be happy to not report you to the credit bureaus. That leaves about $3k to pay to the lawyer. And maybe you can work something out with him too so he doesn't report you to a collection agency, which is probably a hassle for him anyway. I wonder what motivated a bill like this. Imagine if he can just shut down facebook or twitter :) searchyc? Nice! didn't know that. I'm going to delete this submission Hmm, update: apparently it's one of the ideas that won Google 10^100 http://www.project10tothe100.com/ideas.html Way to go, some people are on it :) Let's say I navigate to publisher.com If publisher.com has an iframe, img or other element with src coming from analytics.com, then (almost) all browsers will allow reading cookies from it. That is how e.g. commenting systems know who you are across domains. However, safari is the only browser that doesn't seem to allow WRITING to a domain other than the one you have navigated to, using any method. (Not even loading img tags.) I was wondering if there was a way around it. Someone said that doing a POST to an iframe used to work http://anantgarg.com/2010/02/18/cross-domain-cookies-in-safa... but now people are saying it doesn't anymore So google uses the cookies of the publisher's site, okay... but then what if the publisher has www.something.com, foo.something.com and something.com ... are all of these considered different domains? And if so, isn't it kind of unhelpful to the publisher, that you can't track a session across their various subdomains? Or is this intended? Aha, I see, I can set a cookie for *.domain.com (or .domain.com) and then it will also work for all subdomains. Yeah. I'm building analytics that let you track who invited whom, and you'll be able to actually use this to offer discounts. It's actually part of my site, which I can't really talk about yet :) But the analytics will be a spin-off, so if you can wait 2 weeks you will get it. gregory at gregory dotnet These kinds of stories are definitely cool to hear :) Maybe you can tell us more about what you did right, and what your business does! so far the furthest away one I've found is lice Dude, Total Finder owns ... except when Chrome downloads something and I click to open the finder window. Then it pops out in the middle of nowhere and no chrome around it. I have to click on the tab to get it back whereit belongs -- Fix that please! :) I don't want to say any more so as not to influence you ... just evaluate the site on its own merits. I mainly made this site for my own parties, but what if I wanted to make it popular? 1. What do you guys think is keeping people from actually creating music mixes and inviting their friends, like I do and a couple of my friends do? 2. What would you recommend I do to change that and actually make people use it? I'm just looking to learn and get feedback :) I like the color scheme. Just wanted to throw that out there. Also a nice marketplace ... the question will be how you execute it from now. So far you've got a nice press kit page. I would say your next problems are: 1. chicken & egg problem 2. how to contact PR people You should just focus on solving 1 and 2 before they start. The way to solve #1 is to let people sign up and be CONTACTED (push) when there is a match. Hey thanks for the feedback so far. I hope I get some more perspectives, also. I just wanted to address some of your questions... First of all, my primary goal was -- I just wanted to make a site where there would be a continuous party mix for my parties, that people could add to during the party, or even add songs before they come to the party, so everyone can hear the songs they love. what does it have that YouTube playlists don't? 1) continuous playing ... songs fade into each other if you just let it run 2) cut out non-music ... people who add a video can choose where it fades in and out 3) social contributions ... anyone can add their favorite songs to a mix 4) I kind of hoped that social contributions + people using the site would make it ALWAYS up to date, without constantly curating new and popular songs ... in 2011 it would be the best party mixes automatically, etc. the dark color scheme - mainly because videos usually require a dark background in order to look good when playing. Especially if you are going to put it on your big screen TV, which I do at my parties (my primary use case). why I picked youtube -- yeah, unlimited songs for free, and makes copyright not my problem since I am using YouTube's API along with thousands of other people. Muziik already made VEVO pull their videos, whatever's left is fair game Thanks man! It addressed my real-world problem at my parties so I figured it would help anyone who has a party. People kept wanting to add songs during the party. Now they can :) Now anyone can use it for their party. I think you're right, about partymix or crowdmix etc. Unfortunately they are all taken. Would you like to help me with this? I could use another pair of eyes on it. I've already built all the tech, now it's a matter of making it dead simple and social. BY THE WAY: If someone from HN thinks this site has potential and would like to come in and help me refactor it to the point where it's simple, popular and viral -- I'd be glad to make you a 50% owner of the project. Right now youmixer is pretty much just for me and my friends who "get it". I think the site is pretty close to being something everyone can "get", and I'd like to see this experiment through to the end. Let me know if you're interested -- http://magarshak.com/contact do you guys take logs of both sides, so you don't have to keep updating the scores of all the previously posted items? I mean, if all that matters is how big the scores are relative to one another, then A > B log A > log B (since A and B are positive). You'll just have to add a G*log(T+2) to the log(P) for new items, which can go on for a very long time. ... T is the time since some arbitrary point. I think I may have just reinvented the way reddit does it :P Well, you can fix (1) by simply incrementing T not by actual time but just be the total # of votes/submissions since the beginning. in fact, as someone else said if you then make T = the number of submissions / votes since the beginning, people would be able to post at midnight and it would still have a "fair" chance of being ranked along with the other articles posted at busier times. When I say a non-vote, though, I mean a real non-vote. Like, the person did not submit a vote. The total number of participants went up, but the rating stayed the same. If a non-vote was anything other than 0, this wouldn't work. Yeah, the expert sex change site has NEVER gotten me to sign up. There is one site though that has links to being able to chat with "a real lawyer", "a real doctor" etc. in realtime, and that is very tempting. Especially when their ad is exactly on an article where you need to find something out. What about that?