I use Gandi, too, for the same purpose. A bonus is that the corporate proxy at work (which blocks DynDNS domains for reasons that are beyond me) does not mind me accessing my personal server. GitHub has a script for DynDNS using the Gandi API: https://github.com/jasontbradshaw/gandi-dyndns It's actually older. I remember using this in 2007 to write lecture notes in LaTeX in collaboration with a friend (our notebooks being connected by Ethernet since the university did not have WiFi back in the days). > allocating the memory for variables Allocation of N variables on the stack is O(1) since it just moves the stack pointer by the total size of all variables. That's called "Design By Contract". You formally specify pre/post-conditions of functions and invariants of classes (such as "cap >= len" in this case), and have the compiler enforce that automatically, e.g. by inserting runtime checks. > This article is deeply flawed... change in wages != change in standard of living. Measuring "standard of living" is a very hard problem. At least they're being clear about their definition, so I can judge the correlations they find for myself. Not necessarily. If the app changes seldomly, you could reuse a CSS file across multiple sessions, whereas the HTML (i.e. "GET /") is probably always served up fresh. That does not apply, of course, if your initial HTML page is a static asset, too. That always depends on the market. While Chrome leads the US market like IE used to, Firefox is for example the most-used browser in Germany. Maybe it would have been a valuable approach for Mozilla to work with a specific market when introducing Persona, e.g. the big German webmail providers. This fits in well with the "code as craft" argument presented in the comments here. Most craftsmen need to make a living by producing rather boring, functional pieces in a large volume, while occasionally taking the time to manufacture an intricate masterpiece. In this sense, your run-of-the-mill Rails app is the IKEA table of coding. Designing an ergonomic phone interface can be grouped under communication design, thus art. Constructing a quantum computer using optics clearly falls into the physics department, at least until physics spins off an engineering department for quantum stuff, like it spun off mechanics and electronics in earlier centuries. I consider the term "computer science" historically motivated and anachronistic. Similar to how old people would stereotypically describe their child's job as "something with computers", we muddled subtopics of various sciences together just because they're doing "something with computers". With computing technology and methodology now permeating nearly all areas of science, art, and engineering, maybe it's time to tear down the computer science departments and reintegrate their pieces back into the appropriate departments. Or maybe we shouldn't, for we would lose the extremely diverse curriculum that a CS degree includes. I've heard mathematics classified as a "structural science", as opposed to the "natural sciences". Theoretical CS fits into that "structural science" umbrella term very well. Ack uses the same git/hg/svn-ignore heuristic. Hue? There is one on mine. Maybe mine's different because I upgraded from 10.9 to 10.10 to 10.11 whereas you might have started with a later version (or an earlier one)? s/EPIPE/SIGPIPE/, but otherwise, I agree. :) The article hypothesizes that analytics services will probably move their tracking code from client-side JavaScript to the server-side, so that the publisher's server will forward the analytics data to the analytics server. There is an interesting irony in this: By using client-side blocking more widely, we (the users) force evolution of analytics towards methods that are less introspectable and less blockable from our side. There's a business opportunity for ridiculously long extension cords right there. The problem I see with this kind of carsharing is that it does not scale particularly well to rush hours. I must note though that I'm living in Germany where Uber is not really a thing yet (mostly because of regulatory problems), so if anyone can share insight on how Uber scales to the rush hour, that'd be great. Regarding the "Annoyance" bullet point, you might have a better time if you put an Apache or nginx in the front (on ports 80/443), have it serve the acme-challenges statically and proxy_pass everything else to Node running on a high port. TLS handling would then happen in the frontend server only. Regarding the "please use sudo" issue, it's very much possible to run the letsencrypt client as a non-root user if you set your filesystem permissions carefully. Here's the letsencrypt configuration for a private webserver of mine: https://github.com/majewsky/system-configuration/blob/master... Fascinating. And fun fact: I'm 26 and I don't have a driver's license. So do many of my peers. I totally rely on public transit (save for the few occasions where I need to move furniture etc.). Public transit service is exceptionally good and reliable in most of Germany's big towns. The only case that I know of when manual memory management is slower is short-running programs which exit before the first GC run, therefore removing the need to do any deallocation at all. In principle, yes, but a) access via MOC is certainly slower than compiling a direct function call into a single `call` opcode, and b) MOC only covers signals, slots, and Q_INVOKABLE methods. For QObjects, that means that the remaining methods are not accessible. And methods for non-QObject-derived classes are also inaccessible. I would argue it's a bad idea for images already. Images give away a lot about the type of content that you're viewing, which is possibly sensitive information. Consider, for example, a Chinese computer connecting to Wikipedia over HTTPS, which then downloads an image over HTTP without S that is clearly related to the Tiananmen massacre. > I would honestly take a 50% pay cut if I was able to just deal with the code working at home, I am a fairly frugal person and wish there was something like basic income so I could just spend my days programming on projects that interest me. You're not the only one. :) This touches on the classic question of "is coding engineering or art"? If it were engineering, it would become quantifiable once we have enough empirical data from previous projects to base our theories on. If it were art, that would be impossible since every project is as individual as the last one. It's probably inbetween. The point is that it depends on your definition of "expected". I'd rather have my library act in a well-defined way that can be stated as succinctly as possible. Not all processes that involve GitHub are development processes. I've seen automated deployments fail inside a corporate network when the resident HTTP proxy had a bad day and could not connect to github.com. > Rent is, essentially, theft from society itself, it leaves everyone poorer when most people rent. Not necessarily. It depends on whom you're giving the money to. If it's a profit-oriented company or investor or the like, then I'd tend to agree with you. On the other hand, I'm renting my apartment from a housing cooperative that I'm also a member of. The cooperative releases a yearly financial report detailing that rents are for the most part used for maintaining the buildings owned by the cooperative, and to buy new land and construct new buildings. I consider that model very sensible; it allows me to delegate all tasks relating to the maintenance of my apartment to people who are more competent in this area, and who can negotiate better rates with craftspeople. It also gives me much of the social security that people usually associate with self-owned apartments or buildings since my lease contract literally states that the cooperative is not allowed to throw me out of the apartment (given that I obey the rules of the house, of course). But at the same time, I have the flexibility to easily move to a different apartment somewhere else in the city (or somewhere else entirely) without having to deal with selling the apartment and buying a new one. In version 28 or so they removed the ability to configure Firefox Sync against a custom Sync server. You could continue to use an existing setup but there is no UI for setting up a new one. (all AFAIK) Interesting. Over here (Germany) the prices in housing cooperatives are actually ridiculously low, compared to the rest of the apartment market. As a student, I lived in a single-room apartment with separate kitchen and bath, 26 square meters total, for less than 200 euros (including utilities). It does not necessarily help. I accidentally bought a Smart TV about one year ago, an LG model with WebOS. I never dared connect it to the internet, but it was horrible nonetheless because the software was so abysmally slow. For example, to change a channel: 1. Grab the remote, press "5", press "OK". 2. Put down the remote. 3. Wait five seconds. 4. Overlay with "5" appears. 5. Wait five seconds. 6. Channel switches. I sold this shit a few months ago, and am now using my five-year-old dumb TV again. The same link is somewhere in this guide, too. This guide has a broader scope, though. You could just as well argue that his ideas are democratic, giving power to larger groups of people than before. Teaching the people to run their own services sounds pretty similar to what happened during the enlightenment, when people were taught to read at a large scale for the first time. "You can simply add WIRED.com to your ad blocker’s whitelist, so you view ads." That's cute. I just rolled out network-level adblocking at home to improve the security of legacy clients (e.g. old un-updateable Android phones). There is no concept of a whitelist in this approach. Personally, I do not block first-party ads (i.e. ad images served from the same domain as the original content). For me, the point of using an adblocker is to reduce attack surface and tracking opportunities. I see, of course, that I'm likely not representing the majority of adblock users. Depends on whether it's the site itself that gets hacked, or the ad network. (The latter is going to be a much more valuable target in practice since it allows malware to spread via multiple sites, not just one.) I'm not sure about that. I'm right there with you, but I'm skeptical whether it's a majority opinion. Does anybody have numbers on that? Seconded. I regularly prune the list of accounts I follow, so that I don't spend too much time with Twitter but still get to read everything from those people that I find interesting. I hate "While you were away" with a passion, especially the part where (on mobile) after dismissing it, it asks you "Did you like this?", yet it can't take a hint after the 20th "No". Automating processes involving people from outside your project is just a very hard problem. The trade-off here is investing a possibly small amount of time into recruiting a PM vs. investing a possibly ridiculous amount of time into building a magical issue triaging AI. The "onslaught" is very relative to how many time you can afford to spend on the project at all. If you can afford to spend one hour per week, then triaging 25 issues per week might eat all of that. If you can afford to spend one hour per day, then issue triaging will only be a small part of your daily routine. > They will ship small, non-delicate items in huge cardboard boxes, with inflatable padding thrown in for even more waste. At least we have social networks to rage about it: https://twitter.com/stefanmajewsky/status/642356938324475904 :) Wow. Your city's policies suck. My town (in Germany) has several disposal facilities where citizens can drop up to 2 m³ per year of bulk garbage, toxic and electronic waste free of charge. There's legislation happening to avoid that, for example http://time.com/4146012/france-food-waste-law/ > Officials in the French Parliament voted unanimously to put an end to food waste by forcing large grocery stores to donate unsold food. Where I live, glass is collected in three bins, labeled "white glass", "green glass", and "brown glass". The classic question is "What about blue glass?" As it turns out, all oddly-colored glass should go into the white glass bin since the recycling processes for green and brown glass are tuned for the specific dyes used. Business idea: A weekly newspaper or website that just republishes decade-long articles that were prophetic at the time and are still valid today. I don't think it's zeitgeist only. Or at least, not on such a short scale. The pre-internet equivalent of that is interviewing random people on the street about current events, to fill the 2:30 of your news report with something vaguely related to the subject. Like in Charlie Brooker's "How to report the news": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHun58mz3vI A better analogy might be those smaller cola brands with higher caffeine levels. I don't know if you have these in the US; in Germany, there are a lot of them (e.g. Fritz Kola, Afri Cola, Club Mate Cola). On the outside, it looks similar to Coke/Pepsi (still cola), but it has a vastly different and smaller audience (people who need caffeine, but despise the sugariness of energy drinks). But they stay in their niche, because any attempt to replicate Coke/Pepsi would get them crushed between those two. Personal experience: While I have DuckDuckGo as the default search engine on my notebook, I end up taking multiple-word queries to Google most of the time because the results are much better there. In fact, DuckDuckGo is only better for one-word queries for me because of its promoted results (e.g. when I'm searching for the name of an OSS project and it highlights the official website at the top of the results page). I reject the metaphor. Just because a tool does not gain new followers (heh) anymore, doesn't mean it should be killed. It would be interesting to know if Twitter would be profitable if it is just put into maintenance mode. My point is, Twitter has value for me the way it is. I don't personally see any reason for changing it. Of course, that's not a reasoning that Wall Street would agree with. > a bit like how organizations could previously run their own email [...] infrastructure "Previously"? Seconded. All that mentality does is create "bullshit jobs" (not my wording) designed to employ people without actually giving meaning to their lives. http://strikemag.org/bullshit-jobs/