I like it. One thing it's missing is the lack of a way to add your own perception of how normal your week was - as an employee this is more stable, I guess, but as a business owner sometimes every week is a new bouquet and a new brickbat in one. I didn't really 'get' the interface until I realised that Blender is to 3D modeling as vim is to text editing. Yeah, using a crude name for a specific gender's genitalia as a pejorative is a bit of a dick move. This was my response too. "Random" doesn't mean much without specifying a distribution. The problem here is that this sort of termination clause is basically standard practice these days. For instance, Google's TOS just says "Google may also stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time": http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/ - That's pretty damn scary given that I (and most people I know) have a Gmail account as their primary contact! Everyone just accepts it on the assumption that it's a last-ditch protection against 'bad people', and hopes that in their case if anything goes wrong the company will deal transparently and fairly with them. To somewhere that's not America then? Because you've left a few options open... To the right of the '5' key, above the '3' key and below the '9' key. This was my thought - it's an awesome read and 3D printing definitely has its place, but its strength is generally in one-off or very-short-run custom items rather than building mass produced parts. It's closer to hold'em than it is to a lottery. But like both of those comparators it is certainly a gamble. Everyone who ever did anything that truly changed the world did so thinking it was obvious and that anyone in their place would have done the same. In the case of your Coke vs. Pepsi scenario, would the recipe for Coke not be protected both as a trade secret, and under copyright? On the other hand, I can't believe it'd be against the law for some employees from Coke to quit and start a company that manufactures soda (assuming they didn't actually use Coke's recipe). Object-oriented programming is a paradigm that can be followed in almost any language. If you're creating a conceptual 'object' that stores state and has associated methods then you're using OOP. Question for people who own Pebble watches - have you read the Pebble privacy policy? They track a ridiculous amount of stuff (everything from your GPS location and activity to what other apps you run on your phone), log it indefinitely (literally 'for a period of time') in personally identifiable form, and reserve the right to sell your data to third parties. It baffles me how people can be OK with this. GadgetBridge is the only reason I haven't canceled my Pebble Time Steel order. Hopefully I'll have time to help out with the project once my watch arrives. You mean for Unix phones (a la Ubuntu Phone)? Or you want to tether it to your desktop/laptop? Either way the Gadgetbridge source should provide a good starting point if no existing software is available. I guess I just don't understand how you can not be bothered by the fact that your watch (or more accurately, the companion app on your phone) is constantly uploading detailed, realtime information about your life to a third party? Are you hardcore in the 'nothing to hide' camp? Do you just not believe that privacy is important? If you're fine with Pebble knowing everything about you, are you fine with them selling all of this information to anyone they choose? And given the ongoing litany of security breaches and data leaks, even if Pebble never use or sell your data for anything, are you fine with your information becoming public knowledge if Pebble ever get hacked or have their database leaked? Some day we may just have to accept ubiquitous surveillance as the price for technology, but I don't think we've reached that point yet. The problem is that the app needs internet access, and access to much of your phone's data, to provide the watch's useful functions. You can't just block internet access without disabling apps that require online data. That's no excuse for them to then upload all of that data to their servers for monetisation and possible sale. Thought experiment: Dogs tend to act guilty when they know they've done something wrong. If you get two dogs together, and one does something naughty, do both act guilty afterwards or only one? If only one, then is it not reasonable to assume that the guilty dog has internally models the situation as "I did bad thing, I am bad dog" but the other dog internally models the situation as "I didn't do bad thing, I am good dog"? I'm not saying dogs sit around quoting Kant, but they're highly social animals and I find it hard to believe they don't have some internal representation of themselves. Or terrifying, if you consider that a simulation of his son's brain is , in a very real sense, his son. And that when he shuts that simulation down he's killing it. > I also think we can see a huge bias about some of our theories of what human beings are: [...] I agree. A common theme in articles like this is the suggestion that when our subconscious mind does something, it's "not us doing it", as if your conscious experience is all that counts as "you". The 'conventional wisdom' you quote sounds valid in a professional environment. If your only experience of teamwork is with group projects in university then worrying that 'teamwork' equates to 'being saddled with a bunch of slackers' is entirely reasonable. I think their answer was a very honest answer, which was a classic rookie mistake (although totally excusable since it was their first 'real' job interview). After being round the block a couple of times, we learn to add some spin to the answer, the way you did, and the interviewer sees that we can play the game, and we get hired. I just finished reading Blindsight and Echopraxia (as the omnibus release 'Firefall') a couple of days ago, they're both great reads. I don't agree with his conclusions about sentience but I think they're well worth exploring nonetheless. Edit: Oh wow, not only is Blindsight available online, but all of his short stories are up as well! http://www.rifters.com/real/shorts.htm Consciousness is only useless when performing tasks that you have already mastered. Think of your brain as a box containing a programmer (the conscious) and a computer (the subconscious) - the programmer only gets in the way of a program's execution once the program is written, but is indispensable when a new program is required. It's referenced in Echopraxia, but only to explicitly state that the Bicameral Brotherhood isn't named for that study. :) I agree. Social animals need to be able to model other members of their group. Once that model evolves to include their internal models (including their model of you) then recursive self-awareness pretty much comes for free. This makes heaps of sense, they say "wow it looks so much like a Gaussian kernel" and my first thought was "is Gaussian not the go-to kernel for image processing?" > Plus -- "first newborn in the house" is something that causes upheaval for maybe 6 months or so, and then life settles down again. Ha! That's fine until they get to 8 months and stop sleeping through the night again (which apparently is a common thing). A few weeks of chronic sleep deprivation can absolutely destroy your ability to do anything vaguely brain-work-related. Gotta push the market down before the next round of buy-low-sell-high! Nor does it matter whether you eat carbs or fats or protein. In the immortal words of Doctor Rudy, 'You haf. To eat. Less.' Did anyone else think it was strange, in an article about runtime efficiency, for them to say that problem-specific optimisations promise speedups of "several orders of magnitude"? Because, well, that doesn't change the order of the algorithm... So basically n=12, and they saw 2 instances of one thing and 1 instance of another. Sure, maybe p You can't just lump things into two categories: https://youtu.be/bXKvRNnXF3A I think being difficult "for computers" is a misleading concept. Go is more difficult for our current algorithms than chess, at least in part because we've focused on chess for much longer. Sooner or later we may discover some new algorithm (this deep-neural-net-based approach may be it) which will reduce Go to be as tractable as chess, or even more so. It's discoverable in the sense that if you do the right thing, you discover it. It's undiscoverable in the sense that, even now with long-tap being a fairly common "right click" on touch devices, there's no indication (unless I've missed one) that a long tap does anything here until you try it by accident. It's not a question of "that's hard to do", but of "why would you even do that?" A horizontal pinch-zoom or horizontal drag would be arguably more intuitive as a way to expand the like button. From the announcement on the Parse blog, it sounds like Parse might in fact be the open source Parse alternative: > Second, we’re releasing the open source Parse Server, which lets you run most of the Parse API from your own Node.js server. Sounds like he's viewing things very much from a research-scientist perspective. From that point of view, sure, a lot of the groundbreaking work has already been done. From the point of view of someone who just has a job to do, though, it's a tool in the toolbox. If it's the most appropriate tool then you'd be stupid not to use it. Round is 2-3 days, yeah. IMO it gives up the major drawcard of the Pebble (ie. the battery life and simple 'just the basics' design) for no advantage other than being smaller and prettier. I've got a Time Steel and it lasts around a week, and it's chunky but not hugely so. I like it. Mechanical watches don't hold terribly good time and need to be re-set every few days at the outside. It's quite a pain. And yet this is how people seem to view it (even looking at the "serious" conversations on singularityhub and similar places). Their view of has this real idiot/god dichotomy going on, dramatized so that it only takes seconds from "it's just a dumb computer" to "it's become self-aware" to "it's taken over the entire internet and built an army of robots!" Thinking about it, it probably comes from our general perceptions (based on conventional software development) that computers will either not do something at all, or they'll do it blindingly fast. And even people who work with computers often don't really grok the difference between multiplying two big matrices, and pondering the best way to approach an unsolved problem. Why will an artificial general intelligence automatically be "thousands of times faster than the entire human race"? Are you assuming that this theoretical AI algorithm is trivial in terms of computational complexity? Precisely. The image recognition and natural language processing that's "just a deep learning algorithm" today would have blown the socks off anyone ten years ago. Chess playing programs were AI until they could decisively beat all humans, and then we decided that chess doesn't require intelligence. Self-driving cars were AI until they got close to market and now apparently driving a car doesn't require intelligence. It would seem that only True Scotsmen are intelligent. Works on an original iPhone (if I print it out and glue it to the screen) I've done similar images in the past and the approach I used was: 1) Choose a target image resolution, and set up a square array of that size, initialized to zeroes. 2) Decide on the bounds you want to use, and linearly map coordinates into the target image. Say you want to graph x in the range [Xmin, Xmax) and your resolution is Xres, then pixel_x = (int)((x - Xmin) * Xres / (Xmax - Xmin)) (Note that if you have a higher-dimensional attractor you'll need some form of projection down to two dimensions.) 3) Iterate your attractor equation (starting point doesn't matter because it's an attractor). Each iteration, increment the pixel that matches your current coordinates. Stop iterating when you land on a pixel with a value above some preset. 4) Apply a palette to your pixel values to turn it into a nice picture like the ones linked here.