It also assumes all bots are intending malice. Some advertisers automatically trigger videos on sites so they can review/categorize the content (see if it's porn). They do that with the intent of making ad purchases, so it's actually desirable bot traffic. But then you'd be able to reduce things down to a relatively short writing curriculum. Many university courses involve writing, but they are not primarily designed to improve students writing. Some universities force students who are behind in writing to take courses to catch up before they can even enroll in the normal liberal arts classes. You have to be decent at writing before they'll even let you read Foucalt. Things seem extremely nice in go when you start out in go and see "go get", but then you'll quickly ram into not wanting the latest master, and then get extremely puzzled about how to do library dependencies. I wish I saw some sort of consensus on library dependencies in that thread. Too much of our work build relies on setup scripts. I have to disagree with the definition: "A recommendation engine is a feature (not a product) that filters items by predicting how a user might rate them." The feature bit is correct, but the rating bit might not be. People very often give high ratings to things they are not interested in. People may highly rate jewelry that they cannot afford, or give a five star rating to a movies considered classics, that they don't actually want to view. What you are trying to optimize is ultimately purchasing, continued subscription, ad views, or some other profit metric. That can be hard to directly measure, so something like ratings can be a stand in, but you may accidentally optimize for something deeply undesirable like recommending expensive jewelry to everyone that they will never buy. Business owners would love if there were some exam which accurately informed them about who to hire, and there has been no shortage of attempts to create such a thing. The problem is, most of the characteristics needed seem to be things we don't understand, or don't know how to quantify. Greatly complicating things is the fact that you often don't need to know anything in particular to succeed. There is no shortage of people who learned on the job and became successful. Filtering out such people with an exam may badly damage your hiring. It's clearly not true that female lead characters don't exist. What seems to be the issue for this girl is that they don't exist in games she actually wants to play. I'd note that she complains about games where the protagonist has no identifiable gender, or is an animal. That's often done quite intentionally to dodge try to dodge this problem. Our coworkers suffer, but so do the people I know who work in completely different industries. I have no idea how the tech industry compares to other industries in terms of treatment of women. What I can say for certain is that we do not have the amazing complaints of cocaine fueled parties filled with hookers that seem to regularly emerge from the world of finance. I'd be curious if the content of these posts is genuinely worse than the things they say to each other with boring old human speech. Just because the awful-ness isn't normally shouted into a megaphone, doesn't mean it's not there. My high school shortened the lunch break because of how horrible the girls were being to each-other when they had free time. Not effective of course. Reputable + April Fools joke = ? While I'm sure there is some truth to this, you do run into the problem that people don't want to admit the mundane reasons they do things sometimes. People join armies all the time because they need a job, but if you ask I'm sure many of them will tell you it's due to a more personal reason or nationalistic pride. That's not confined to the military of course. It seems almost rude to admit you do your job to get a pay check in many occupations. Interacting with a compiler sounds horrible. Think of the questions it might need to ask: "Hey! I could use AVX2 instructions here, after I inline a bunch of stuff and eliminate some dead code, but it requires doing a bunch of memory copying. Is that a good idea?". How would you answer a question like that? And then, since optimizations are target dependent, you would need to go through this exercise for each target. Sounds fun. But consider, for it to be worth asking, it's got to be something that's very difficult to infer, or the compiler wouldn't need to ask. That means it will probably be difficult for you to infer as well. In practice, you might have to profile all possible options, which would quickly turn into a major project if you're asked more than a handful of questions. And, of course, even if you can figure it out, that alignment annotation you just made is only optimal on the one target. Even on x86 it will depend on what instructions are available. This seems to make the false premise that you need computers to make decisions algorithmicly. If someone writes out a set of hard rules as to who can apply for a welfare program, the result will be the same if a human or machine makes the determination. Long before computers existed, people complained about "rigid bureaucracy", which is effectively a complaint that government or business employees stuck to a process (an algorithm) that had some problems. Github users are tied to social interaction, job hiring, integration with multiple version control systems, and a pile of other crap, including systems not part of the website itself. Hacker News users are pretty much just tied to posts and comments on the site. The only piece of data that seems in common is that they both have user names. There is no reason user data should be similar across different systems. Products are generally unique, or they don't have much value. That means the data tied to a user is often also unique. Porting unix applications that used select/poll/epoll in a performant way was a common enough problem that they added WSAPoll to make things easier: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/wndp/archive/2006/10/26/wsapoll.aspx The biggest abstraction headache is usually nonblocking file IO and DNS lookups, as many OSes don't have any support. You have to have a thread pool fallback. Imagine you're the kernel, and you get notified that some new data is available on a connection. The basic operations you have to do are: 1) Figure out the associated file descriptor (hashmap lookup perhaps) 2) Copy the new data to the socket's buffer 3) Wake up any threads waiting to read from the socket, or polling with a read interest Obviously, that ignores a lot of protocol work, but that's the general idea. There isn't any need to loop over all of the open sockets. You're just describing behaviors that seem strange or unusual and then asserting that they are somehow not computation. It doesn't matter what happens inside the brain. If it's governed by normal physics (no divine magic), there will be some computer program equivalent to it. We know that's true, even though we don't know how the brain works. Actually, the internet is dominated by binary. The wire formats are binary, and a huge hunk of all bandwidth is being eaten up by binary formats: video, bittorrent, voice, JPG images, etc. Sure, HTML, CSS and JS are "text", but it's usually optimized, compressed text, and pretty soon we'll be shipping that around in HTTP2. People optimize what matters. Look at the HTML source for this page. It's mostly user content. More efficient packaging for the HTML structure wouldn't make a measurable difference in load time. Companies are often eating the cost of training employees without admitting to it. Pick some company at random, look around, and there will often be piles of people who have no official training or certifications to speak of, and no relevant degree, but who are perfectly competent at their jobs. Somehow, magic happened, and they were trained, despite no training money in the budget. A lot of it is just done semi-officially. The boss points at some guy he trusts and tells him to fill them in, and lower productivity is accepted for some period. Taxi driver feels abused by having to work 7 days a week for taxi service to make ends meet. Switches to Uber and describes it as "more of the same". Hard to see how Uber ruined everything if it was apparently already ruined. I was also confused by that until I changed my perspective. Watch the marker inside the circle. It starts pointing left. Half way around the inner coin it's pointing left again. At the end it's pointing left once more. That requires two rotations. The curve its graphing confuses things. This is probably not a correctable problem. People don't start businesses if they think the competition is highly competitive and intelligent. They start a business of they perceive a weakness in the market, or believe they have a unique capacity to succeed. Probably stating the obvious here, but the reason they stopped the practice was because people did such studies. If bloodletting worked on any common injuries or illnesses, we'd still be using it for those cases. Even then, we'd probably have tried to find medication that produced the same benefit to try to avoid the infection risks. The usual problem with this kind of thing is actually events. The modifications may, or may not, add elements that need listeners attached to them. It looks like as this is now, after any update you'd have to query all such elements and see if they need a listener attached. React has its own "Event System" to try to deal with that issue. Sort of. You'd have to listen at the top level of wherever you're using this, so you'll have to write your own mini event library to figure out which component got clicked on, and grab any associated data. Go to an ad company and see how many people are running an ad blocker. It was essentially 100% when I was working for one. The exception was a guy doing testing on the live web. It's not really a contradiction. You're just like a drug dealer who knows better than using the product yourself. Does not actually seem to contain an explanation as to why the rich love burning man. Does contain a rant about Marc Zuckerburg's education ideas for 3 paragraphs, and another rant about how Andrew Carnegie's donations "trickled up from his workers’ backs", and a number of other barely stitched together ideas. Money chosen twice. Yep. I live in a county that openly opposed bart expansion. The only way to get a big transit expansion is if the state or federal government forces it over local opposition. This suggests improving the ratio, but honestly, if the rate is genuinely 99% good and 1% bad, then the truth may be that you're at a point where you won't notice improvements. Say we make a huge effort and halve the rate of such harassment. That's a change from 99% good to 99.5% good. Will you notice the difference? Maybe, but it's likely you won't. You're still guaranteed to have bad experiences at regular intervals if you go to tech events. American bureaucracies have a bizarre obsession with them. My school issued student IDs with unique numbers, which should have been the end of all such issues. Unfortunately, they made a bizarre system where US students had their student ID be their SSN with a fixed prefix, and international students got a random number with other prefixes. They refused to give up on using SSN even when they knew it wouldn't work for a good portion of students. Heaven forbid someone just add an SSN to student ID lookup table to the database. It depends on the context. If someone is openly hostile in a public setting, then no. They're probably an asshole. If they mock religion in private, or on Facebook or some other stupid thing, whatever. A lot of people have negative feelings about some religions or political groups, but most of us manage to be polite and professional when we go outside. The immigrants all have their own baggage as well. It's not a unidirectional problem. We could be as welcoming as possible, and still have different groups separate themselves. Humans show empathy for all kinds of things: animate, inanimate, and even purely imaginary. Leap years run into a similar issue that the ratio of days to years is changing as well. Our current algorithm will eventually be off. No one cares because the people doing time standards will be long dead. And arguably the situation is similar for leap seconds as well. No one cares because of how far out substantial drift is. By the time it adds up to an hour, people will be used to it, or just shift their timezones (which happens all the time). They don't seem to be doing that. They brag like crazy on most of the terrorism related arrests they make. "Deproliferation" is impossible. It's not like banning guns. It's like banning the idea of how a gun works from ever being communicated, burning every book that contains the concept, erasing it from all electronic records, and strictly monitoring anyone with chemistry or metallurgy knowledge. All you need to write an encryption program is an explanation of the concept behind a single algorithm, someone with math smarts, and almost any computer. Assuming they have to walk anywhere. People have tried rigging games like this by sending thousands of letters to the address to request entry. The value of something with no buyers is zero. Go try to sell an idea, by itself. You'll fail. This article somewhat confuses "good" with "actionable". I had some good business ideas when I was young. I know they were good because companies later succeeded with that business plan. I just couldn't enact them. If ideas had a non-zero value, then even as a 13 year old, I could have gone to the idea market and sold them. You'll find there are no buyers however. Even if you retain cash, it would be completely practical to demand companies submit receipts with names or ID card numbers. It'd be expensive, but not impractically so. The problem isn't the computerization if cash, but the capability to record and search the information. No, any idea you can't do, is an idea you can't do. That doesn't make it good or bad. It just means you can't be the one to enact it. It doesn't say what they did instead, so this might just mean that TV and Netflix produces more happiness than Facebook. You don't really have to kill people to remove them from the field. You could just force them to switch to a new study area after a time. Won? What is winning defined as here? They implemented the policies, but you don't normally define "success" as users getting extremely mad and your CEO quitting. A good portion of the bandwidth that has been added so far has simply been consumed by more bandwidth intensive versions of existing products. The user behavior hasn't necessarily changed. See Facebook's auto-playing videos as an example. My retarded uncle is really into military subjects and nazis. He has run up other people's phone bills calling 900 number white supremacist phone numbers. I didn't even know that was a thing until it happened. I gather white supremacist groups attract certain types of mental illness. I'm sure the Muslim version of him would be into jihad. Going to arrest a lot of people if you start locking them up... If there is a new upper class today, their oppression doesn't seem all that severe. I don't recall the former nobility handing our free health care or education. Sure, the people in power today believe they deserve what they have, but so did the people in power before. If you're worried about that sort of arrogance, at least we don't have kings believing they rule by divine right and nobility believing they're carrying out God's will through their king. Honestly, I doubt that. Even if you arbitrarily removed all voting power from the poor in the UK today, you'd still have public schools and some form of public health a decade later. Those ideas are quite popular even among the wealthy. If you look back, you'll see public education became a thing partly because the wealthy pushed for it. They understood they would benefit. That's still handing out free education. They have political beliefs about that approach providing better results, but it's not as-if they want to scrap the idea of government funded education. Or, stated more positively, the government gives the poor subsidized loans so they can go university. I'm not really seeing heavy handed oppression by a cruel upper crust.