Good APIs are like good code. You don't want to get creative. Instead, you want the API to be usable by being immediately familiar. Follow the lead of popular, well-designed APIs (Parse and Twilio come to mind). You should follow a predictable pattern, which minimizes the amount of time required to learn your API. For example, if your endpoints are in the "/[noun]/[verb].json" scheme, then you should stick to that all the way through. I suggest starting out by strictly adhering to REST standards, and then choose areas where you want to be flexible to increase usability (allowing POST calls to be overridden and interpreted as PUT calls, for example). Check out this checklist: https://mathieu.fenniak.net/the-api-checklist/ I can also enthusiastically recommend Apiary ( https://apiary.io ) for designing and mocking up your API. It's absolutely fantastic. PayPal is accepted in the Play Store. Do some research. You've seen GoldenEye too many times. Evil is selfish, not indiscriminate. Terrorists generally want control over some general area (or their own lives). They don't want to destroy human society. Society is what gives them food, shelter, and all the other things people like to have. What you're describing would take not just one person who wanted to destroy all of human society, but quite a few of them. I'm resisting the urge to offer you a tinfoil hat or ask if you're joking. Instead, I'm going to reason through this. The scenario you describe is unlikely. Before such a global catastrophe happens, it's likely that a smaller catastrophe will happen. Like the Titanic, the world will be shocked into preventative action. Governments will make laws. After that, the difficulty in collecting such massive amounts of information will be greater than the value in that information. Even now, requiring proper software security practices would prevent information-theft from being a viable business. You might get the occasional massive haul, but it wouldn't be an epidemic. Vladimir Putin is mad. He has done much madder things in recent months and years. I recommend BillGuard or something similar for anyone who is worried about losing payment information. Also, use/promote http://twofactorauth.org I like Facebook. It helps me keep up with friends in distant places. If you find it to be pernicious and intrusive, don't use it (or use it differently). Don't impose your dislike on others. "Peeing in the pool" is a great metaphor in that regard. Please let me know the URL as well. I'm concerned that the code base is open to SQL injection. I'm not a Python developer, but it looks to me like you're taking input from the user and putting it into queries without filtering it. That said, my nonprofit helps other nonprofits use technology, and ALL of them want a volunteer-tracking system. This is a very useful, worthwhile project. I tried Sublime and Atom and stopped using them because they didn't understand code. Netbeans has been my go-to editor for a long time now, and the reason is because it understands code better than any other editor I've used. It's actually uncanny a lot of the time. I'm going to try WebStorm soon, but at the moment, Netbeans (with some reconfiguration) helps me work the fastest. Edit: to elaborate a little bit, Netbeans does a great job of guessing types and arguments by itself. When it has javadoc-style comments (for any language), then it uses those. The autocomplete is really fantastic. Looks pretty interesting. I like it. I actually think it might have more of a market for planning sprints in Agile development, although having priority + deadline on each story would probably have the same effect. That said, I'd never use this if it didn't integrate with Google Calendar and some widely-used tasks APIs. I've experimented with too many event/task managers to count, and getting it all to work the way I wanted was always kludgy. I now have a perfect setup with Google Calendar, Cal, and Any.do, and my fingers are crossed that those services will last. Your landing page needs examples. I'm about 20% sure I understand exactly what the purpose of this is. Also, something like this should be marketed as, "You know that thing you've been doing the hard way? We're helping you do it the easy way." I don't really understand what it is I've been doing the hard way. If we haven't already been doing something that you're now making easier, you should go back to the drawing board. It's hard to create new behavior. Amazon has outages, too. I'm sure you've thought of that, but don't assume Amazon to be available 100% of the time. You could start out pretty simple: price, comfort, and location. Business travelers, whose companies are paying for their expenses, will care little about price and a lot about comfort and location. Poor college students taking a weekend trip are going to care little about comfort, but a lot about price and location. You don't need many dimensions to satisfy a large percentage of users. Sublime is dead. No one is actively developing it. There's a rich history of piggybacking on dead software, and I (and many others) clicked this link because of that piggybacking. I completely support and admire someone who is trying to further the development of Sublime without having the original code base. Sublime Text 3 Beta was announced in January of 2013. It's safe to call it vaporware at this point. Updating your editor, adding plugins, or changing to a new editor is never an issue of "fully capable" or "good enough". It's always whether there are new ways to save time. Lots of people thought editors were "fully capable" before the "go-to any symbol" functionality was introduced (possibly by Sublime). Now they can't live without it. But besides all that, Sublime has lots of bugs that impact daily work. If it were in bug-fix mode, where plugins were adding new features, that would be fine. That's not the case. Atom is awesome, but I agree that the plugins aren't mature enough yet. Netbeans is fantastic for PHP editing, except the go-to-anything functionality is terrible out of the box. Even after configuring, it's not as good as ST. Other than that, it's excellent. Why? It's very possible I just don't get this. I don't have a CS degree, and I develop backends for web apps. Maybe I'm not the right audience. I'd love to find out why I've needed it in my life, though, if you can explain further. Right now, here's why I wouldn't use it: 1) It makes code less readable. It's anti-sugar. It's not obvious what code using plumb will actually do. This right here from your PHP examples is just insanity: -- $f = plumb(['strlen' __([] , "foo")]); $f(null) === 3 $compose = plumb([[[2 , __(1 , 0)]]]); -- I have absolutely no idea what that does, and in 10 years of writing backends, I don't think I've ever written code that I'd want to replace with that. There are so many brackets and parentheses, it makes my eyes hurt. What if there were 1 nested bracket in the third line instead of 2? If I were scanning for bugs, I might not catch that quickly. 2) It makes code less usable. This is similar to the above, but has more to do with handing code over to someone new. If I were scanning some code and saw: -- count = plumb([len , "baz"]) count(None) == 3 -- I'd say, "What the hell?" And then I'd have to look up what the plumb() function does I thought I was looking at Python syntax, but I'm actually looking at Python + plumb syntax, which takes time for me to learn. 3) It doesn't seem to add functionality. What am I missing here? What task were you previously coding that was so difficult that you decided to create plumb? This reminds me of "PHP functions in [insert other language]" libraries or "OOP for JavaScript" articles. Instead of figuring out how to do what they want in a native way, people coming from another language will try to shoehorn the lexicon they're familiar with into a new language. That hurts readability, portability, and performance. Yes, it sometimes makes sense to add a new "syntax" (in the form of sugar) to a widely-used language. jQuery and its competitors are the only successful examples of that I can think of, though. Again, really, really curious about the reasoning behind this. It seems like you do have a CS degree, so you could probably teach me a thing or two. The "delaying expensive function calls" part gave me more of a clue than anything. I still have to admit that I don't get the benefit of plumb over existing lambda syntax, and that benefit still would have to be weighed against the additional requirement of learning plumb syntax for someone new to my code base. I did read "When not to use Plumb" but, from the example, was looking at a single line. I meant that that single line is difficult to look at and say, "My bug isn't in that line." In the US, the "making it easier" part can make you liable as well. In fact, a huge amount of copyright-related cases have considered this exact issue. Take a look at all the P2P suits, as an example. In my uneducated opinion, I believe this would be similar to YouTube. YouTube allows anyone to upload anything, and they aren't required to preview the content before it is publicly available on their site. However, they must comply with DMCA takedown requests. I think ClickShirt would have to do the same. Anyone can print any image until the owner of the image issues a takedown request. The added wrinkle is that anything being put into the ClickShirt system is from a different website -- it's hosted somewhere else, not on a user's computer. That's different from YouTube, because it's fair to assume that ClickShirt is ALMOST ALWAYS using copyrighted images. Regardless, I think they'll get shut down in the US. This isn't the kind of thing that courts are very lenient about. Neat idea, though. Would be cool if they did a reverse image search on Google to find the largest-available version of the image. No idea if that's available via API, though. One-off t-shirts are expensive. I recently got 8 t-shirts made by Custom Ink, and each one was $40. I didn't even choose the expensive American Apparel shirts, either. Custom Ink is probably one of the more expensive companies (and I chose them because of their excellent customer service), but you get my point. Thanks for the response. "Compare them to raw PHP" -- that's exactly what I was looking for. This is theoretically interesting. As I suspected, though, I'm just not the right target audience. For the web backends I work on, I'm taking HTTP requests, manipulating inputs, mixing in values from a database, and then outputting the HTTP response. I've never had to write anything remotely like the PHP in your example. Maybe my life would be easier if I did, but at the moment, my biggest pain point (in code) is that ORM abstraction sucks, and there's no great alternative. That's not even in the same solar system as the problems you seem to be trying to solve. Ask yourself: who has access to lots of teachers? You should get in touch with teachers' unions, Boards of Education, and classroom supply stores. If there's some way you can partner with textbook companies, that might also be an indirect path to users. You should also check out Q&A sites or forums that have sections for educators to ask one another questions. There may even be teachers looking for you, and they might be congregating there. The use-case in your comment sounds fine. The example on your page is not, as the "I've always found..." comment is not from Alienware. It's intended to be deceptive. My issue with news is not the length. It's the tidal wave of clickbait and FUD. I actually prefer to have long articles if they're about something substantive and not, for example, who Jennifer Lawrence is now dating or how Ebola is going to kill all humans. I see what you mean. How will the feed be filtered for each user? Does it "learn" from what I click or like? Do I have to manually specify what I want to see? Or is it just one feed for everyone? If you use this service (or anything similar), you deserve to get dumped. Women aren't dogs that you "keep happy" by buying them things. And gifts aren't something you can outsource without losing everything that makes it valuable. My first reaction: creating a website already is as easy as creating a Word doc. How is this different (or how will it be different) from creating a Google Doc and sharing it with the public? Or using Google Sites for that matter? (Not trying to jam you up -- genuinely interested in this and your answer.) I don't think it has to solve a problem. It just has to make it easier for people to do things that they're already doing, only better and/or cheaper and/or faster. That said, your questions are valid. Yes, people memorialize their pets, and many do it online. For many, their deaths are as affecting as losing a human relative, and humans have memorial sites. How will this site reach those people? How many will actually want to use the service? And would they pay for something they could do for free on an ad-hoc basis on a different website? This is just my gut talking, but they should probably pivot to provide an end-to-end, just-lost-a-pet wizard (NOT a native app, but a website). Step 1 connects you with a crematorium, step 2 lets you buy an urn, step 3 lets you send invites to friends/family for a service, step 4 lets you set up the memorial page. I know that might sound ridiculous, but losing a pet can be expensive and time-consuming, just as it can be when you lose a human. People just want to be connected with inexpensive services quickly, and Forever Fluffy could take a very small cut for making the connection. "As easy as a Word doc" is misleading then. Editing CSS and JS isn't as easy as Word, even if it's considered a feature and a convenience. I do think it's a good, catchy phrase, but it isn't necessarily hitting your target market. Are you pretty similar to a hosted Jekyll service, then? I'd suggest talking to veterinarians. As you can imagine, it's often necessary to euthanize patients, but it's not necessarily in the scope of a veterinarian's care to help you with the rest. If a vet could say, "Visit _____.com, which will help you find services for memorializing your pet," it would take a lot of pressure off of them. They already do that for services that help plan home-cooked meals, insurance, etc. Generally speaking, what's your algorithm here? Are you just considering near-lossless compression, or are you in some cases saying that an image could be lower quality and still look ok? Are you also looking for images that are displayed in the HTML at smaller sizes than the files themselves? Better to just use a separate server, considering they start at less than $10/month. It's a lot simpler to scale, optimize, and contain threats that way. Docker is still a good solution. I just don't think the problem you're describing absolutely requires something like Docker. I may be missing something, but this doesn't seem secure at first glance. Assume I decompile your app and look at your algorithm. If there are only two inputs (service name and master password), then I'm only missing the master password. If I get a couple (or more) of your passwords, I can probably figure out your master password, since I know everything else. That could be done via Android malware or several successful hacks. All of a sudden, I have a universal key to all of your accounts. That's a worst-case scenario in terms of security. The risk is significantly lower if the master password is sufficiently complex, but not many users use complex passwords. Considering PNG has been around since 1996 and HTML pages can load arbitrary images and fonts, we don't need pure CSS icons. We have purpose-built formats for images. This CSS image project is just for fun. The whole "[something] in pure CSS" began when people realized how awful table-based layouts are. First it was layouts, then full-blown designs. This is almost like the most extreme version of that trend, almost to the point of parody. Some people like to do things just to see if they can do them. This project is interesting not just because CSS is not meant to do this, but also because CSS is so half baked. Looks like you have recreated one of the most notorious failures in the recent history of venture capital: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Color_Labs I don't think Color failed because of the idea. Their marketing was flawed, and they were trying to create a social network. So are you. I think they eventually tacked their service on top of Facebook, which might be a good idea. I haven't really thought it through. What's going to be your hook for getting users? I'm assuming the app isn't very useful unless other people are on it, right? Or do you have content from somewhere? The DOS design is really clever, interesting, and unique. However, it's takes me back to such frustration and exhaustion that I immediately left the site. Also, it's not that easy to read anything. > Imagine you are an event hoster, you create an event on ICU and you get an ICU link, people take picture with the app on your event, and in live you will see all the pictures on the link. I spent a year working on a startup doing exactly that. We failed. The problem we ran into is that it's cool, but Twitter (and others) already accomplish the same thing with hashtags. People just don't like to add new channels to their everyday lives. Beyond that, it was impossible (for us) to monetize, even though we had connections to creative agencies and large companies that were marketing events. The problem is that we weren't reducing pain points or adding operational efficiency, and thus paying us was never urgent. Meetings would get pushed off by weeks at a time, and it was hard to get anyone to make concrete moves forward. To give you an idea of what we were experiencing, imagine that you're selling your car. Which is a higher priority, getting a scratch fixed or having it waxed? It's very possible that you'll make your money back from the waxing when you're able to sell it for more money, but that's only a possibility. You're going to first spend your money on the repairs and then on the appearance. For the business world, increasing operational efficiency is like the repair, while marketing/social media is like the appearance. People in the business world just don't like to pay out for something that MIGHT have ROI. That's why creative budgets are some of the first to get crunched in a recession. This is utter nonsense for so many reasons. Startups are valuable when they make money, and they don't make money because of the idea. They're all about the people: the founders and their relationships to the target market. That's not to mention how often ideas change. Sometimes the target market changes completely as well. You can make detailed, elaborate models all you want, but it's not going to tell you anything about the value of a startup. It's the belief that ideas are important that lead so many first-time founders to fail. There are extensions or settings in most browsers that will lazy-load tabs for you. No transfer or rendering occurs until you open the tab. That aside, what could possibly require opening 300 tabs? That must be an absolute productivity killer... Why not use a bookmark manager or "read later" service or something? I don't know about the mobile app, but Google Maps on the desktop has supported multiple waypoints for many years. Edit: as someone else mentioned, the app does support it. 1) Change your landing page. It makes it seem like your app is an alternative to just texting "thank you" to someone. A visitor is going to think, "Why not just text them? What's the benefit of doing it on an app that my friend is not using yet?" And, on that note, I'd be interested to know how this is actually better than just texting the person (or tagging them in a grateful Facebook or Twitter post). 2) I knew a startup that spent 3 years working on an app that allowed you to publicly "thank" a service professional (waiter, hairdresser, etc.) That service professional would build up a profile of "thanks" and get a resume out of it. That startup failed because no one wants to say thanks in an app. People aren't looking for new apps[1], so you'd better address a huge pain point in their lives if you want them to download anything. 3) Decide what you want to get out of this project (hopefully not an income). Set yourself a hard deadline. If you're not hitting your target, move on to something else. That was advice given to me by a 500 Startups investor, and though it was painful to hear at the time, it was incredibly helpful and important. Decide what failure means and, if you do fail, accept it and forgive yourself. You certainly wouldn't be alone. [1] http://qz.com/253618/most-smartphone-users-download-zero-app... The quality of a library isn't just performance or usability. You also have to consider if other people working on your code base will be able to figure it out and use it. Even if jQuery is worse than MooTools in almost every way (performance, usefulness, size, etc.) it has a HUGE advantage in that any web developer has used it before, so there's a minimal learning curve when someone new has to start working on your code base. Furthermore, since jQuery uses sensible practices in terms of API stability and plugins, you can expect performance and coverage to only improve. Edit: I realize this could have been read as "MooTools is better" but I actually prefer jQuery from every angle. If you're doing something too complicated for jQuery, you need a full-fledged framework, not MooTools. We did a prototype app and discovered that it's almost impossible to get anyone to download an app. User acquisition costs for apps are astronomical. I've been on a B2B kick for a few years, so I haven't seen recent stats, but it's brutal. We then moved to being purely social-network driven. There are a bunch of people in this space. Users submit photos on social media using unique hashtags or whatever, and there's a nice organic sharing effect. That product (which, again, is available cheaply from various companies now) is great. Every event organizer should use it, since most events, including weddings, will try to have a unique hashtag these days. Why not harness all that content that people are posting? Our service also supported republishing via a JavaScript and/or REST API, so the content could be used elsewhere. All in all, it was a useful, simple product. The problem was that ideas (or even finished products) don't mean anything if you can't get some early, paying clients. We had a co-founder who had lots of connections to social-media executives, but he just couldn't sell. The software (native and web versions) now exist only as private repos on Github. Saw a loading animation for 5 seconds and almost left. There's no reason for a static/informational landing page to have a loading animation. Your assets aren't massive except for this one: http://travelbutler.net/images/bg-2.png You should make that a JPEG and play with the quality level. You could probably get that down to a few hundred KB.