Diagnosed with ADD as a child via. A 6 week double blind study with teachers, parents, doctor. I still take medication as an adult and makes me able to be a software engineer. Without it, I do maybe 4 hour work days. Unsustainable. My largest challenge is dealing with misinformation and the, "oh everyone has ADHD" perception. It's painful to feel so dismissed when my disorder drastically affects who I am, and diagnosis and treatment affects who I get to be. I just can't justify writing my team's code base in typescript. I don't want to make that move, setting us down a very specific path. I don't want to add another layer of training to develop on our codebase, but mainly, I just don't have the confidence that it's a right or wrong choice, and its a big choice. But I get a sense that it would be great to try for smaller, disposable projects as that's limited risk. Does anyone else struggle with TypeScript simply because of how big a choice it can be? I hear you. I'm terrified by the kinds of interviews that want programming trivia. In the last three years I've never had to code a binary search tree. But I should be able to show you I'm very comfortable with Python. I find it beautiful that some things in math are so easily and convincingly disprovable that brute force is a valid approach. Once you have the numbers, it's easily reproducible. Things that look like colonialism are no longer considered acceptable in this era. I installed a different environment and hid all the apps I never use. I can get to them but they're absent from my day to day. I went through a number of iphones and loved the simplicity that iOS provided. Then I got an Android and put a lot of work into my UI via settings menus and drag and drop, which resulted in something far more minimal than what iOS was (at the cost of setting it up). I understand what you're saying and don't necessarily disagree, particularly as I don't know enough about the subject to form a strong opinion. I would intuit that one might argue the contract was in error if there's a clear indication of intent. Same to you. Can you explain why you think so? I bet an analysis like that will find a ton of code that shouldn't be abstracted. Maybe at some compilation level more optimization can be done. But perfectly optimized code is likely much less maintainable. Nevertheless, it would be very revealing and educational. How important is a name for uptake? I think this one might actually have an impact. Not sure why. It just looks and sounds weird. I would love to learn more about languages and marketing. Off to Google! Coding is like driving. Even someone from a developing nation who has never seen it before can learn it. But we aren't all professional race car drivers. It is easy. And it is very very hard. What damage does it do to have a selection of tools available? I like yours better. It's funny. I agree with that 100%. Especially with programming. My largest argument for a large standard library like python's is that we are at least all using the same tools. But for some reason your suggestion really rubbed me the wrong way. Probably because I use Ubuntu a lot and find tremendous value in it. I'll have to revisit my opinions on the matter. I went to school for non CS STEM and now I do software engineering as a career. You're absolutely right. All that stuff was totally critical to me. Clearpath isn't going anywhere. ;) Apply! We love our co-ops. Without reading the article I assumed this would be some tutorial on official Mac OS tools. Once I read it, it was obviously not the case. Just anecdotal evidence. This is why conservation is important, even as a selfish act. Take away bear habitat and you have safety problem to deal with. And the bear patrol tax isn't cheap! The article seems to suggest there's massive illegal logging problems that caused loss of habitat and food. What django gave us out of the box would have been impossible with SQL in the same timeframe with the resources we had. If we had the luxury to do things properly and fully the first time, we never would have made it to market with our robots. This isn't to say that one day we won't throw away django or use more SQL. We just had real world schedules to deal with. "clever code isn't." Is what I try to teach all who will listen. Good code should never be illegible to newbies. And if they can read your code, they can learn way faster. Thanks for sharing your experiences. I would have never known Bluetooth was anything less than a dream. I've apparently been very fortunate. Usually considerably slower than just writing it all again. There needs to be a journal called "Failures" that focuses exclusively on failed experiments and unreproducible results. I'm far more interested in learning why something may have gone wrong. Maybe it's just me but I feel it would surprise many people with its popularity. I'm using fair trade, organic, free range, gluten free JavaScript libraries. I think "advanced cruise control" for example may have been better. The moment you say autopilot or autonomous, you think entirely hands off. Right. But public understanding of the word is not the same as trained pilots. TV and games have fairly conclusively made the word mean "autonomous." I can't. I'm a fraud. Catch the exception and pass. It's why I like python's attitude toward this. It's explicit, not implicit and therefore easier to read and maintain. Not legal in Canada. Debt isn't a criminal offense. I don't think they can arrest you. But maybe I'm confusing it for: they can't throw you in jail for debts. Doesn't the TI 83 calculator still sell quite well? It's a solid machine that does one thing and does it well. You may be right. Haven't thought of that. Any religious activity is fine if it doesn't interfere with your duties in society. If you're falling asleep while fasting, isn't that a sign of going too far with it? Seems intuitively unhealthy. Developers are not fungible. But in my opinion: this "10x" term really has to go away. We need a better way to describe the reality that there's a range in quality and capability for developers that doesn't suggest an order of magnitude. That just means corner cutting. I'd be proud to be a 1.3x-er Ontario has it posted prominently. The top Google result is the official PDF. It's only 76 pages. BC's page has an FAQ saying public library and that its over 1400 pages. Yeah. My internet tech support has been incredible. I have many amazing stories. All possible because the big telecoms were forced to wholesale, allowing competitors to exist in at least a limited capacity. I will never go back to rogers or Bell again simply because of how amazing the support is at teksavvy. Do they exclude from those numbera cars they produce that don't work off the line? The way you describe relevance at each order of magnitude is eye opening to me. It's exactly what we have been doing, but it was never explained so eloquently why we succeed because of that. Did you get this from somewhere or is it your wording? Any feelings on Marathon on the Mac? I recall that game feeling quite groundbreaking in the semi 3d era. I didn't know this wasn't something all phones had. I love random FM radio when I'm on a walk. The moment I hit an ad in just seek and listen to something new. We need a space alien BDFL with the power to cause existence failure to any human at any time. "Benevolent" being the critical part of that. I will fight hard to never use globals or Singleton's. It makes my code conceptually way more obvious but sometimes the boilerplate is just wild to pass things like eventemitter around Everyone doing it the same way is far more valuable than individuals doing everything 5% faster. Every Python library I read is immediately accessible to me. This hasn't been the case for JavaScript. Maybe an editor can allow you to expand function calls so they appear in-line when you want to read them as such. Often I do have the nested call hell, but the alternative is an absurd amount of writing/testing things twice. It was the first video I ever saw run on a computer. I got it on a Nautilus CD and played on my Macintosh LC3. Only 8MB of RAM so it was like 160x120 resolution or something. Very interesting to hear that. The opposite is true for me and I never would have thought people are still offended by that word. Very good to know that a word that's fun and light hearted to me might still offend others. Nerfherder Don't you get a breakdown of what every app has used on Android? Why does the app need to repeat that?