In it's current state of affairs jQuery mobile is too slow to be a universal solution for mobile. That and it makes everything look like an iPhone app and there are enough people out there who dislikes that particular sense of aesthetics. I honestly don't see jQuery mobile having the same "thing" as plain jQuery had which made it successfull: It stayed out of your way and just worked, without making any assumptions about what you liked and what you wanted beyond that. Any word on how well knockoutjs or other options is working on mobile? They behave differently when clicking on the icon vs the text. IMO that is a design flaw, but I can see how some people would argue it's a matter of taste. But to be completely fair so is the term "awesome". Submission could have been toned down a wee bit. This one is different in the sense that this time the drama over at TechCrunch is actually about TechCrunch itself. Not to sound silly, but contrast this to the usual techcrunch drama (and drama is overly normal over there): Techcrunch being upset that last.fm is calling them full of shit because Techcrunch had some sensationalistic news about last.fm which last.fm was not willing to confirm or deny within 10 minutes and so they went live with the story, unconfirmed, because that is what cutting edge journalism is, because people deserve to know what may or may not be there. Sort of. Wait. Why do people hate us all of a sudden? That sort of drama. Demeaning to the mind and going at a constant rate over at techcrunch.com. So... This is still techcrunch and it is still drama, but at least this time (maybe for the last time?) it's different . Feels refreshing, doesn't it? But we don't know, and no one is telling us. But we like poking bee hives, so we're going to publish this rant anyway... You cannot possibly say that this doesn't sound like how things are always done at techcrunch. Write first, cause drama, then cause more drama by publishing stories about why you cannot fathom that people has an issue about your way of publishing stories and your unclear communication. Then repeat. I've long stopped paying attention to the site at all, but I had to check this one out. Hopefully TC will vanish and the internet will gain something better. Why? vi and its derivates has their own (weird) usage-convention which you will find in no other software anywhere on the planet. Learning them gives you very few transferable skills. Any "Unixy" thing you have around these days will have more resources than most computes did in the mid 90s, and the need for a "lightweight" editor like vi is much, much smaller now than it was back then. Even my Buffalo router has nano. For most Linux distros you install, you typically have nano, pico, joe, jedit or emacs or lots of other editors which (apart from emacs which is its own universe) largely follows the same conventions and at large gives transferable skills. These are IMO much more useful to know. Why should I bother learning an archaic, non-standard editor from an era when "line-editors" were considered bloated? Why should it even be considered "relevant" today? Even more so, why should it be considered "essential"? I really don't agree and I really don't see why vi-users insist everyone need to learn their favourite editor. While I'm still not going to bother with vi, I do have to admit this is probably just another one of those not-widely-known things about "Unix" which deserves some attention. God knows I didn't know about it. Other cute things I have discovered lately: You can actually click in ncurses dialogs running in your terminal, even over SSH, if you run a proper terminal. Coming from a PuTTYish background, that is definitely not obvious ;) This means they are hardware accelerated!!! And still choppy on my Xeon (before going full cycle and starting over again). Too lazy to see if this is an implementation error or a performance issue. And yes, I do realize this is a joke. Just mentioning this as a warning: Just because someone says "hardware accelerated" doesn't mean you should go crazy and stop thinking performance. Same applies to CSS3. Use it wisely. Now I would like to say I am not on Ariana's side. I wanted to point out the blatant hypocracy of Arringrton Anyone who knows a fair bit history around Techcrunch would assume this by default. And Apple takes another PR hit. It's like they want us to hate them. Like the article posted here the other day said "I want a MacBook Air not made by Apple". I think the Macbook Air looks sexy, but no way I'm funnelling money into an organisation this hellbent on taking away my choices. Here's hoping Apple and it's power-crazy, trigger-happy lawyers are a short-lived phenomenon which goes away when people stop buying their products as a protest. Copyright protection is granted on the promise that the work will eventually be given to the public domain. As this is obviously never going to happen, I say the copyright holders have failed to hold up their end of the bargain, and we as a society has no longer any obligation to protect their works. The claim made is that copyright must be extended to properly encourage the creation of new works of art. Beatles' made their entire discography under copyright laws which would put their works in the public domain by now. Seemingly the shorter copyright didn't stop them from recording music back then. And how has extending copyright encouraged them to make more music? Right. It haven't. With the public domain effectively a thing of the past, we should do away with copyright as well. I hope this submission doesn't signal an era of meme-worship here on Hacker News. "Fail" may just be borderline, but it sure triggers my radar. The flood of memes slid slowly in the back-door at reddit, one innocent step at a time. Questioning this often got you the comment that you were old, stiff and lacked the funny-gene. Time passed and look at what a worthless trollhole reddit eventually became. I hope to see fewer submissions like this on HN in the future. Agreed on the multitasking. iOS was never incapable of general multitasking, easily shown by its Unix-basis and easily demonstrated by jailbreaking. It was however intentionally crippled to not allow arbitrary application-level multitasking because Apple decided it didn't serve them well. So as far as a normal user was concerned the OS was incapable of multitasking. So while inaccurate, that statement is not entirely off. You could not create an application and reliably have it do stuff in the background on iOS. Apart from that I have to disagree with your statement: I find the rest entirely reasonable and valid criticism. And I have no doubt about the conclusion: The future of iOS will be more blatant stealing from Android. And that is OK . Really it is. Just stop that nonsense about Apple being the innovator. With posts like these censored from HN, no wonder pro-Apple bias stays the way it is here. The Apple proponents on this site probably have no idea what's going on outside their Apple-coloured windows and the first time they hear about anything is when Apple announces it on a keynote. Because painting Apple as the one doing copying will get you flagged the hell out of forums like this one. So yeah. This gets flagged, but Gruber's trollbait and Apple-praise goes? Facts are bad, but reinforced, artificially rosed up Apple-gardens are good? WTH. Can we please have an "unflag"-button to save articles from the censorship of Apple fanatics? Pretty please? iPlease? Most people on HN. Or at least so it seems when reading this site. Heck, even this article was flagged and removed, while Gruber's trollbait about Apple innovation is always gold here. Go figure. And San Fransisco bloggers writing in a coffee-shop on leached wifi on their Macbook Airs. These people have never heard about anything at all until Apple announces it at a keynote. The people who didn't consider "Folders. Reinvented" a joke, they say so. You know... These kind of people. The say that. Oh certainly. But the free passes and ridiculous praise Apple gets on this site does get annoying and it does manage to annoy me. In fact my ill conception of Apple users comes mostly from people I see on sites like this and in other forms in the online community. Make of that what you like, but at least I am intellectually honest about it. I'll honour your long, proper reply with what I hope is an equally proper one. I'll just quote your first question, but hopefully that touches within enough of the subjects you mentioned. I wonder if you ever even touched an iPhone or iOS device? You certainly never used one. I was stuck with one for over two years. An iPhone 3G. It was my replacement phone for my old Windows Mobile phone (some HTC S730 or something) and the level of polish on that iPhone was amazing . It blew me away. For a while it made me accept its locked down nature, all the things my old phone could do, but this one could not. I even accepted fucking iTunes . The polish made it all OK. But as I used it more and more, added more apps, I saw how none of them played together. I noticed every single time that how no matter what you wanted to do, the only way to do that was go back to the homescreen, locate another app, then re-locate your data, then continue working on what you wanted to do. Want to shoot a picture, modify the colours and then upload that modified picture to facebook? Well start the camera app. Close. Go back to home, and find and open your picture editor app. Then navigate and relocate your picture. Edit. Save. Then go back to the homescreen, open the facebook app and the click post and then try to relocate your now modified image and I'm sure you get my idea. This OS has absolutely no flow . There is polish, but there is no true elegance to anything on that platform. Every minor little thing involves hastles, indirection. Because the OS was designed to do simple things and simple things only. The OS itself smears its own inelegance onto everything it runs. My example was only for a picture. For other file-types iOS doesn't even allow inter-app interaction because as we all know, "iOS devices has no files". In Android? Shoot, send to editor, edit, send to Facebook. Done. How simple is that? And I've never even touched a file. But I can if I want to. And this is very important. Eventually iOS drove me crazy. It was artificailly limited, crippled, had a too simple design and everything it did was flawed somehow, just to accommodate that sense of polish. I see Apple are doing desperate catching up these days to try to get on level with Android in terms of sophistication, but iOS is simply at its core too simple to allow that. The additions to bring it up Androids levels feels tacked on, not designed and as a part of the experience. So trust me: I've certainly used an iOS device, for long periods of time. For a while I even thought I liked it. But I am very certain that I will never, ever set my foot in iOS country again. It just feels wrong, locked down and artificial. And every tiny action you do creates squeaky noises. Squeaky noises saying "you need to go back to the homescreen and start all over again. Again". Thanks but no thanks. It is my humble opinion that iOS has been a stale OS for a very long time now, and the only innovation happening on iOS is as a result of direct copying from Android. As this (now censored) article so very clearly highlights. But try to start a discussion about such a topic on HN, and you will get labeled troll and censored or driven off site. You get censored because you say Apple is not an innovator. Why? I don't know. I could guess weird conspiracy theories. Or I could just assume that there are enough Apple fanatics on this site which instantly doesn't like what they see and clicks "flag". I honestly don't know, but anything critical against Apple gets shot down dead on this site like no other place on the internet. And if I know that level of censoring is happening on one subject which I pay attention to, what about those other topics? Are they being censored as well? What are being censored here on HN? Currently I find the uncertainty about that somewhat startling and I have considered stopping going here for that reason. So let me start this one off by saying "developers! developers! developers!" This isn't Windows 8 RTM, this is Windows (7-to-become-8) Developer Preview where they show off where they are heading, give you a chance to get a feel for it, get a feel for the design-language Microsoft is putting out here and allow you to adapt your applications to this new format. Because this is really such a new format, you need to play with it to get it. So yes, this is very incomplete. In it's current state it is not intended as a production OS to replace Windows 7 either. It's a developer preview. It's supposed to bring developers up to speed on the Windows 8 platform and how you build for it. Lots of people are treating this as a beta, almost like an RTM, and I honestly think people doing that is missing the point entirely. I thought Windows Phone 7 didn't support Silverligth in the browser and that is was only intended for application (you know, App) development. Please do correct me if this has changed and I am wrong. Completely unrelated, but if the article didn't overwhelm you, the linked video session really is worth checking out. http://channel9.msdn.com/Events/BUILD/BUILD2011/BPS-1004 It shows just how much attention to detail Microsoft has put into the UX design of Metro and Windows 8. Can't wait to see the finished product. The people at Apple just want to make damn good products. They are proud as hell of those products. They work very hard to make them that damn good. It's very hard to read the rest of your comment and not have you mentally pre-positioned as a fanboy. I'm not saying this to be a troll, but because comments like this really do stand out. Would you give any other company this sort of slack you are now giving Apple? If so, why not? And while that may not be such an interesting discussion in itself, I am not willing to support and hand over my money to someone acting against freedom of choice, because someone else on the internet says "Don't worry: These people are good guys. Really!" Freedom isn't free. Again. I would love to see anyone make this sort of defense for Oracle or Microsoft. I'm no dumber for owning an iPhone Maybe not dumber, but you have locked your mind to the most restrictive of the mobile OS platforms out there and the limited workflows it allows. I would be very surprised if this didn't also limit your ways of thinking about how problems can be solved. The iPhone is a glorious, crowning achievement of engineering that still, years later, Microsoft and Google are struggle to replicate. Absolutely revolting fanboy talk. I tend to find the iPhone a glorified piece of needlessly heavy electronics running visually polished but annoyingly limited software, which fails at the most basic of tasks, like sending data from one app to another via something called "files". You want to talk about freedom? I'm free from thinking about memory management. And processor utilization. And data loss. So am I. On my Android phone. While my iPhone 3G had constant memory-problems because it wasn't built to multi-task. Oh well. Why is it iPhone owners seems to default on Android being an immature platform, cite Android 1.6 problems, while any factual representation of the limitations found in current iOS releases is answered with "iOS next" and that is supposed to be a valid answer, free from hypocrisy? Seriously. You guys need to get out of the Apple store more often. It may actually be starting to dumb you down. Just don't accuse a team of hard working, talented people of being out to take your freedom. Are you saying the people working on Android, Metro and platforms not owned by Apple are not talented or hard working? If not, why is the manner in which Apple people are working really relevant? You are simply evading the point. It seems like to you, your ownership of Apple devices is a personal obligation to defend Apple from its "enemies". It isn't. Again I am forced to asked why you are doing this. It taints the rest of your argument and makes everything you do sound awfully much like zeal, and not like a rational opinion. Oh absolutely. I have no doubt about that. In fact, saying anything else would be absurd. However I think it's fair to recognize the difference between someone merely (very) happy about their Apple stuff and someone who seemingly is personally insulted when it is suggested that Apple is (shock!) a normal corporation following a normal corporation's need and desire to profit, doing some ethical comprosises on the way. And looking at snprbob86's post here, it's full of seemingly personal feelings when discussing this topic. It's almost this short of saying "Dear sir. You have defiled my lovers honour and I challenge you to a duel". I have to say he/she seems like the glorious, crowning achievement of the Apple PR-Department which is hellbent on making Apple-Products a matter of personal honour and identity. And it's very freaky to observe from the outside. He lost me when he constructed a false problem by claiming that the result of a query sent through the ORM has to result in discrete objects mapping 100% to the "base-form" of the objects, ie their table-based definition and that this causes immense problems when you have relations and dependencies based on those. In C#, using LInQ I can specify exactly what columns I want, how I want things joined, and how the resulting object should composed, without the need for adding additional named classes or augment my data-model. I get control of what gets sent to my DB and I get only the information I need returned, in the form I desire. And I certainly hope that C# still qualifies as an OOP language. His rant seems to be that inadequate ORMs is an anti-pattern. But isn't investing anything in something you know to be inadequate by definition an anti-pattern? He is making his own circular argument and then trying to sneak up the scope beyond what is valid. Needless to say, I think his argument is simplified, based on dated information and this invalid. While the methodology used is somewhat lacking (as lots of others have commented on here) I don't think the claim sounds entirely unreasonable either. Anyone on any platform can develop Android-apps. At least any platform with a JVM, and that's quite a few. Only people who have invested in Mac-hardware can create iPhone apps. That represents around 7% of the machines out there (according to wikipedia :1). Mac- usage may be rising, but Mac is clearly the underdog, and developers are not that different from most people. So the statistics implies that most developers are not using Macs. So if we accept these terms as reasonable , and they remain reasonably unchanged over time, there being more iOS developers than Android developers would in fact be a very, very strange thing. I'm not saying this data proves anything, but I don't think it proves anything the other way other as some commenters here have hinted (like the Android SDK being of significantly lower quality than iOS SDK). I can't possibly be the only one here thinking along these lines? :1 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Usage_share_of_operating_system... Edit: Downvoted? Why? Genuinely curious here. My Asus Eee Pad Transformer with maxed specifications (32Gb storage, 3G & wifi and keyboard dock with SD-card reader, USB-slots and about 8 hours extra battery-time) costs me the same as an 16GB 3G iPad 2. That's a 16GB storage and keyboard dock in delta, and not in Apple's favour. It may be a more favourable comparison if you go for the plain iPad, but Apple doesn't sell them any more, at least not where I live. Anyway: Putting out "iPads are cheaper" as blanket statement like that is either uninformed, dishonest or plain trolling. My point was that compared to the Android-option the iPad is more expensive. The minimum config Transformer is cheaper than the minimum config iPad. I've even backed my statement up with numbers. What part about that is trolling? You are the one with blanket-statements and no data. Also, seriously? 'My old account evidently got flagged "troll" for speaking against the Apple-worship cult found on HN.' PG emailed me telling me I had been a bad boy. Now that account is thrown in the deep end of the QOS pool and the site is slow as fuck unless I log on with another account. Besides that votes are not recorded (which is easy to verify using two accounts) and the account is not allowed to submit stories to HN at all. So yes. Seriously. Edit: Sigh . Downvotes? Thinking about doing Android-apps. And definitely thinking about exploiting the platforms (current) lack of tablet-optimised apps to make my own stand out. Great to see that HN thinks this is bad now the Microsoft does it. Back when Lion and its app-store was discussed not a single comment with a positive score opposed this. Personally I am mostly negative to this idea no matter who does it, but I am also willing to give Microsoft the benefit of the doubt here. At least they haven't messed it up yet . Apple has already proven that they are willing to abuse that sort of power and I can't understand why anyone would trust them again. Hopefully the walled gardens (all over) will prove to be a temporary thing, although I can't say I see any signs of that happening yet. Samsung Galaxy S 1 & 2 (international versions). Sorry. Didn't spot any of that in Firefox. Here's a copy & paste: iPhone 5 has a big problem - By Joe Wilcox, Published 2 days ago Apple has been doing a good job covering it up. As I've so often asserted: In business, perception is everything. Successful companies often create positive perceptions about their brands, products and business practices. But there also is the tactic of misdirection, of controlling perceptions by getting people to look somewhere else so that they miss flaws with the company's products or business strategies. Apple uses "magical" to describe some of its products. Magicians are all about getting people to look over there so they don't see the secret behind the trick over here. Apple's patent assault on Samsung, and even HTC, is very much misdirection, so that eyes turned away from iPhone 5 problems. I should have connected the dots sooner. About two weeks ago, I asked: "Is Apple engaging in innovation by intimidation?", where I explained the implications of Apple singling out Android creator Andy Rubin in a patent suit against HTC. Rubin worked for the Apple filers of an obscure 1994 patent part of the HTC case. The intimidating message: Anyone who worked for Apple could be guilty of intellectual property theft by association, and the companies now employing them. In August, I asserted that "Apple is a patent bully", as it's clear that legal attacks against HTC, Samsung and others aren't so much about protecting Apple intellectual property rights but asserting them as competition by litigation. Proof point: Apple's IP cases are focused at major competitors. Particularly, Apple has systematically increased legal attacks against Samsung, as its market success has grown. Apple isn't seeking damages so much as to stop Galaxy S II smartphone and Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet from launching in many countries. Making Excuses But I failed to fully connect the dots, as Elias Samuel brilliantly has done in today's post: "Apple’s iPhone 5 Dilemma: Is it Samsung Galaxy S2 or Android OS?" Samuel puts the patent lawsuits in another context: Apple's late delivery of iPhone 5. Of course! "Backed by huge production of the upcoming iPhone 5 and cheaper iPhone 4S, Apple has revealed its fear of Samsung phones as they continue to sue them for patent infringements", he writes. Yes. Yes. Look at how things really are. The first four iPhones launched in summer -- July for the original model and June for the others. But June 2011 passed without a new iPhone. First there were rumors of August, then September, more recently October and now perhaps even later -- as new rumors (if you believe them) suggest a production delay. But if you take a close look at the rumors -- and leaks behind -- they are really a series of justifying excuses for why iPhone is shipping later and that it's okay. Let's be clear: Apple changed its delivery pattern for iPhone. It's a delay, and a big one. Potential buyers, carriers, peripheral partners, software developers and Wall Street analysts clearly expected summer launch before June's Worldwide Developer Conference when the company said that iOS 5, and presumably iPhone 5 with it, wouldn't ship until autumn. Samsung Rises Meanwhile, Samsung launched the hugely successful Galaxy S II, which has set sales records for the company and helped propel it to a close rivalry with Apple. During second quarter, Apple shipped 20.3 million smartphones, with Samsung following close behind with 19.2 million units, according to IDC. A year earlier, Samsung shipped just 3.1 million smartphones. Do the math -- that's 520 percent year-over-year growth. Samuel rightly concludes: "By suing Samsung, Apple has actually taken away the public attention from the problems the company is facing, of late. After Samsung Galaxy S2 was received with rave reviews, it looks like Apple, which usually launches the iPhone versions in June failed to introduce their next iPhone". Reviews are sizzling: "The Galaxy S II's screen is nothing short of spectacular", writes Vlad Savov for Engadget. Praise continues -- from the "onscreen keyboard is terrific" to "general responsiveness is absolutely exemplary". Savov concludes: "It's the best Android smartphone yet, but more importantly, it might well be the best smartphone, period". Another: "The finest Android phone we've seen so far, the Samsung Galaxy S II isn't just a competitor to the current iPhone. It competes with the next iPhone", writes Sascha Segan for PC Mag.com, giving the smartphone an "Editor's Choice" rating. That last statement is the clincher. Samsung already is one generation ahead of Apple. Apple's Indecision Samuel emphasizes: As most predictions point towards two models being produced -- iPhone 4S and iPhone 5 -- it is becoming evidently clear that the iPhone 4S which should have been introduced earlier would have lost the appeal of its iPhone fans had it been released along side Galaxy S2. Hence, Apple’s rampant rumor that the iPhone 5 prototype was lost in a bar and suing Samsung paved the way to deflect the public curiosity from the company’s actual issues. The IP attacks against Samsung make the South Korean electronics giant appear to be the bad guy -- a copycat of Apple's good work. But the lawsuits serve another purpose, generating news about Apple vs Samsung rather than Samsung the successful competitor vs Apple the suddenly indecisive. Seemingly every day, this misdirection keeps pageview-hungry blogs and news sites writing about the lawsuits rather than asking the big question: Why hasn't iPhone shipped yet? Apple is undergoing a major leadership change, which occurred during the late-stages of iPhone 5 development. What? You think Steve Jobs gave Apple's board or new CEO Tim Cook no advance notice? Surely, his eventual resignation, and ongoing health problems impacted his participation in the iPhone development process. Meanwhile, Samsung emerged as a sudden, unexpected competitor. The lawsuits are as much, if not more, about misdirection as they are enforcing Apple patent rights. Apple is grappling with co-related problems: A serious smartphone competitor's emergence and unfortunately-timed leadership change. iPhone 5 will be the first major Apple product launch of the post-Steve Jobs era. Is misdirection really the measure of executive execution? I've been feeling dirty, but for other reasons. Anything I post critical of Android and Microsoft on Hacker news gets voted up. Most criticism I post about Apple gets voted deeply sub-zeroed or for submissions, flagged and removed. And it has gotten much, much worse the last 6 months. Hacker News is definitely turning into the monoculture Paul Graham said (here on this site) that he wanted to prevent. At this point I feel the value of having a discussion about matters here has dropped sharply and is continuing to do so. What's the point of commenting when it will get minus'ed, despite backing your comment with verifiable data? Meanwhile the ones saying something equivalent of "I disagree (but I have no argument)" gets top votes. What's the point of submitting stories when you know it will get flagged and censored? A culture of censorship and self-affirmation. Do really I want to be a part of that? What is interesting is that I observe the deepest abuse of the moderation system after morning has hit the US continent. During European working hours this place is usually quite civilized. At this point Hacker news seems to contain at least two widely different cultures. I sense a clash or divide of some sort coming in the near future. Thinking about it, my feelings right now tells me that this place has turned into a smaller, but much worse mob-rule than reddit ever was. And I quit reddit because of the completely uncritical mob-rule found there. Time to do some reflection around my online-habbits. I hear Google+ is a great place for reasonable hacker-type discussion these days. It must be nice having a legal monopoly upheld for you on a whole market segment. But by all means, lets ignore Apple banning competition en-masse. Lets discuss how Microsoft is leeching money of competing platforms instead. That's just so much better. I'm seriously looking forward to a future without all this patent bullshit. Doing any real business in this climate seems borderline impossible. And doing any kind of innovation seems even harder. Yeah. If anything it should be called "iOS patterns". There's very little here to extract as general mobile patterns, and lots of these "patterns" would collide massively with both Android and WP7 if employed in an app. The fact that this website doesn't even work well on a PC should really tell how iOS-centered it is. Some people may think users don't care, and that everyone loves the iWay, but I've seen complaints on Android market that "this is just a copy of the iPhone-app. We want an Android app". Why? Because the UI semantics are different enough, well beyond the point of noticeable. On three times as many US carriers though. That's quite a bit of a difference, given how carrier-availability seems to dictate phone purchases in the US. As far as failures come, the only thing I have heard about diaspora are the following things: * Source-code full of freshman's mistakes and security exploits. Basically not-to-be-trusted quality code, released to the public for deployment. * All money invested in the project wasted without anything to show for. * I know absolutely nobody using diaspora, expect one person. * This person attempted to invite me, and diaspora failed to send me the invite email. Now he cannot invite me again. It's a laughing stock. For the parts of the internet which has even heard about it. Which is the minority of the internet. As a social network this is a failure on absolutely every aspect I can find measures for. The goals were admirable, but goals alone wont win you any credit. You have to get there as well. Diaspora didn't and most likely wont. Let's repeat what the nice mister said; "The author is saying that Apple's trick is getting people to focus on option 1 to the exclusion of options 2 and 3, exactly as you do here." You mean it is obviously anything apart from the Macbook itself maybe having a loud fan noise. I think I have read an article about this sort of behaviour and reasoning somewhere. That's hardly "just released". It has been out for years. I love living in a country where the government realizes it is too technologically inept to try to legislate and regulate the internet. It just creates normal laws for the normal world, and whenever things from the internet crosses borders to the real world (like Amazon-orders) that just falls under the normal laws for mail-order businesses. That seems reasonable and fully sufficient to me. Accidentally bans ultrabooks in the process. http://mashable.com/2012/02/15/apple-patents-macbook-air/ Read what Gruber writes about that Gatekeep feature: Read what the world's biggest Mac-shill has to say to defend the world's least open company and biggest patent-troll? Thanks, but no thanks. I'll go for something open and free, and you wont get anything like that out of Cupertino. This works, but it still looks dirty, mostly due to javascript's lack of concise lambda-syntax. If you want to use a functional language, it would seem more fitting to create an actual functional language with actual list comprehension, something javascript is ridiculously weak at, and so on. Ofcourse that would then have to be compiled into something which runs in the browser. Another argument for web-bytecode I guess. Edit: To not just throw hot air around, I tried doing something similar (with typing on top!) during a weekend long long ago. I wasn't happy about the result, but I left the code online. For those curious about my take on the same problem: http://code.kjonigsen.net/js/spicejs/test.html You'll have to view the source to see how it works, and open the web-developer console to see the output. iOS only? Meh. It really is true: iOS is the new MSIE. Somewhere down the road iOS-only code will not be accepted, and then we have tons of code already deployed which will never work on anything else, unless Apple's non-standard JS and webkit extensions are accounted for in other browsers. This is hopeless and pathetic. And HN will love it. I hear Apple and patents have a good track-record of ending up as standardized, reusable technology. A very good track, record indeed. If this has been already patented by the Cupertino-based patent-troll, it is by definition doomed as a standard. This guy so doesn't get it. It's almost as if he is trolling. SIM cards (as implemented everywhere in the world except the US) is made to allow exactly the portability which he seeks. I fail to see why it is even linked here. Edit: Also why is he illustrating this with an iPhone ? Is it for lulz that he in the name of advocating openness links to the closest closed phone of all out there? I'm voting troll here. That's remarkably chaotic. And slow, even on pretty decent developer hardware. Please don't let HTML5/CSS3 turn into DHTML, and all over again. Please don't let HTML5/CSS3 turn into DHTML, and all over again. Please don't let HTML5/CSS3 turn into DHTML, and all over again. My jokes about a possible NoHTML5-extension is slowly but surely turning more and more into a viable idea. I guess this answers my question as to how people would react if was Microsoft and not Google which tried to come out with their own proprietary HTTP-replacement protocol. And quite frankly I'm not surprised about the answer. RIM said it shipped 11.1 million BlackBerry smartphones and more than 500,000 PlayBook tablets last quarter. I absolutely refuse to believe those numbers. I've seen noone with a Blackberry tablet and I'm surrounded by geeks at home and at work. Spotting Android-tablets is hard enough (I have one and besides that I know one other guy IRL which does as well), but Playbooks are practically non-existent. Can we please stop using the silly Apple marketing gimmick "retina display" yet? It's a high-DPI display. Lots of devices have it. Lets not attempt to pretend there's anything Apple-specific about that. Granted, the MP3-comparison made no sense, but you are rolling your eyes to obvious observations.