I've never liked karma systems. On the surface it seems to make sense: People who are helpful/insightful get lots of karma. In practice, it fails on two fronts: First, karma systems in and of themselves work based on popularity, under the mistaken idea that popularity = correctness/insightfulness/suitability. Quite often, the most insightful or thought provoking ideas are unpopular (or speaking the truth is unpopular). What you get is a system that automatically filters out the ideas that the majority are unconfortable with, and so you end up with an echo chamber which doesn't admit new ideas. Second, the policies formed around the karma system grow biased AGAINST new users over time, which leads to community stagnation: The initial couple of years are great. The early adopters are all eager to participate in meaningful ways, and build a thriving, vibrant community. Then the gamers join in. They learn how to game the system to gain points. They do this just to show that they can. Closely related, the karma whores move in. Their sole goal is to gain points for self-worth. The community is meaningless; points are everything. As the gamer's techniques become more widly known, the spammers move in, automating the techniques to promote their spam, and the cat-and-mouse game begins, usually at the expense of making things more difficult for the users. These measures are almost always done with consideration of the already established user base, using them to determine what a "normal, real" user is like. Once you hit this point, it starts to become prohibitively expensive for a new user to join in, thanks to the biased notion of a "normal user". Stack Overflow is a prime example of this, where you have to jump through all sorts of crazy hoops just to be able to even comment or gasp edit your own question because upon re-reading, you decide it's not as clear as it could be. And so you complain. But people don't like complainers, so they all jump on you and say "It's not so bad! I went through the red tape and so should you!" and "If you don't like the red tape, there's no place for you here!" There's a word for this: Bureaucracy. As a service provider, you should be doing everything in your power to make things MORE accessible to new users, not LESS accessible. You should be ENCOURAGING participation, not throwing hurdles in their way. New users are fickle. Their first experience on your site will largely shape their perception of it forever. Start them off with a bad experience and they'll refuse to participate. Rampant bureaucracy is a sign of severe failure in the system. A few techniques: Form a cabal of vote sharers, who always vote for each other's posts. Post a bunch of semi-plausible content once a day and you'll have tons of karma in no time. Post quick responses that have little insight. You'll always get votes for being first. Post LOTS of trivial questions. More people will upvote than will downvote on the whole. Socrates is side-stepping the issue, as he always did, taking advantage of his friend's inability to articulate himself well. One can see from his friend's meandering talk that he was trying to describe how excessive love of gain can corrupt, and later how evil men would deceive others so as to make gains by things which the violated party will later realize (or perhaps not realize) are worthless. Think snake oil merchants. However, Socrates, in his usual style, takes advantage of imprecise language to twist meanings around until he's altered the topic of discussion (as his friend suspected, but couldn't articulate) into something where he can be demonstrated to have the right answer (all men love gain) with a notable absence of discussion about his friend's concern about excessive love of gain and dishonest gain. There's a reason why they killed him: nobody likes a smart ass. Yes, I can see your point there. While the final, deplorable behavior is disregard for the social cost of ones own gain, one cannot discount the germination and growth of greed as an otherwise upright man is slowly corrupted by the gains he makes, and his priorities shift towards higher gain as concern for the damage done to others falls by the wayside. The quote "for the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil" did not arise from a vacuum, nor did "absolute power corrupts absolutely". Ultimately, one can argue that it is a weakness of character, but thus far it's been incredibly rare to see those with great power (through gains) remain uncorrupted for long. Page did not respond in a timely fashion. Check our status site for alerts. Either you found a page that took too long to render or we're getting more requests right now than we can handle. You can try refreshing the page, the problem may be temporary. Learn how to deal with GitHub outages and other access problems. Hiring from a friend's company is a lot like dating a friend's old girlfriend. It can be totally cool on the surface but totally not cool underneath. I sure hope the auto-save "feature" can be disabled... Absolutely, yes. If you don't include a cover letter, chances are very high that you'll go to the bottom of the pile. If your cover letter has spelling or grammatical errors, chances are you'll go to the bottom of the pile. If your cover letter doesn't speak to my company SPECIFICALLY, chances are you'll go to the bottom of the pile. Basically, if you can't tell me why you want to work for my company and why you're a perfect fit, it tells me that your only interest is in a paycheck, and that you'll take no pride in your work and will show no initiative. If you can't be bothered to proofread your cover letter and have a friend check it over, it tells me that you're sloppy and don't follow through. If you can't even be bothered to hit the "spell check" button, it tells me that you're lazy. Counterpoint: Many open source contributors don't find satisfaction in their day jobs. The work they get paid to do is restrictive and dull. Developers are generally driven by the desire to create 'cool' things. Many spend all day in meetings discussing why that API extension isn't good for the 99th design iteration for customer X. And yet many rush to do this kind of work for free. Lots of work open source projects need are quite 'boring' from the technical point of view (documentation, project files, merging, OS integration. etc). So why do people contribute to open source projects? Because they believe in the product and like feeling empowered. Wow... I didn't expect these sorts of tabloid headers to occur on Hacker News. That's usually a Reddit thing. Shouldn't Hacker News be a cut above, where people first read and understand an article, and then post it to HN with a succinct, relevant, and most importantly TRUTHFUL title? Your machine zaps you and pulls you into the machine, where you are forced to play death match Yahtzee against other profiles. Click here for the shocking truth: http://www.southparkstudios.com/full-episodes/s14e04-you-hav... I don't understand. What does an accounting compliance law have to do with charging for previously free tools? And how were they able to release free tools in the years after 2002? What makes 2011 so special that they are compelled by law to start charging $5? Ok, but where in this scenario do the SOX compliance laws compel them to charge money for a "major upgrade"? It's perfectly reasonable. All it took was one touch from His Noodly Appendage ;-) Personally, I love sites like SO and Quora. When I'm digging into something outside of my experience/expertise (which is almost daily in my current job), I'm consistently landing on pages that have answers written to my questions. That's great. What's NOT great, is having some esoteric need, landing on a bunch of pages, and finding that most of them have an "are you sure you want to do this?" response with no effort made to answer the question, ahm, in question. The author is right in this respect. You are NOT just answering the person who asked the question. Stuff on the internet STAYS. For YEARS. That means that you're answering EVERYONE who EVER asks that question, and chances are that a lot of them DO know what they are doing. All they lack are the mechanical steps to take, which you have denied them by your second guessing of intentions. And that is MASSIVELY frustrating. Sites like Quora understand this, thus the "not helpful" button. If you must question the judgment of the person asking, do so AFTER answering the question. Otherwise your answer is, in fact, NOT useful. Oh, it may be useful if you've successfully guessed the intentions of the asker, but for a great number of other people who will land on that page in the years to come it is nothing more than condescension. I participate because I find it a godsend whenever I get stuck on some esoteric API or poorly documented technology, or I just want to use something in a way that it's not actually meant to be used BECAUSE I HAVE A DAMN GOOD REASON TO DO IT. And I want to extend the same courtesy of answering without prejudice so that some other soul can be similarly helped by my answer. There's a huge difference between "You're wrong and here's why", and "You did X??? What are you, stupid? You suck and you should just gtfo because you'll never amount to anything. You'd be so fired if you worked in my company. Bullet. Brain. Make the connection." Both are uncompromising. Only one is civil. It's not that geeks are harsh; it's that assholes are harsh. You'd see the same kind of dressing down of a sales guy in front of his peers by his asshole boss, who just happens to be a damn good salesman, which makes his attacks all the more withering. Knowledge dost not the better man make. Never saw this before today, but it hardly seems funny. That's how people smuggle contraband in prison. The sad truth is that either you have wealth with which to get what you want from other people, or you swallow your pride and smuggle stuff in via your rectum. It's not funny; it's a sad commentary on the demeaning prison life. Regardless, TeX failed for the masses because it was too complicated to begin with (the masses are not programmers, nor are they interested in "programming" their documents). WYSIWYG word processors and desktop publishing software do a decent enough job quickly with a learning curve orders of magnitude shallower, and rightly so since it's the learning curve that poses the greatest barrier to entry. And while many attempts have been made to flatten that curve with various tools, I'm hard pressed to find a compelling competitor to Microsoft Word or OpenOffice in terms of ease-of-use. People in general are far more interested in the final result than the "beauty" of the steps to produce that result, especially when it comes to the written word. Actually, it's a plutocracy. People don't listen to technocrats unless they have a good idea for generating wealth/power. The reason you don't leave any serious decisions in the hands of the masses is because it leads to instability, which is the worst thing that can happen to a government. In every form of government, you have a minority bloc which makes the most important decisions unilaterally. The remaining decisions are, depending on the visible form of government, passed on to various degrees to the public so that they may feel they are participating in the running of their country's affairs. There is, of course, some give-and-take when a special interest group gains too much power, but those can be dealt with on a case-by-case basis. Same reason nobody vandalizes vending machines, even when they're quite literally in the middle of nowhere along the side of an unfrequented road in the countryside. Same reason it's unthinkable for a Japanese to take fruit or berries hanging outside of someone's yard, even when it's falling off the branch and rotting on the ground, and yet they'd hardly think twice in their downtown drunken stupor to steal a bicycle to get them home after the trains had shut down for the night. They have different social norms there. No. The Yakuza generally do not participate in civilian affairs, nor are they interested in "policing", except where someone becomes a personal nuisance to a higher-up or someone disrupts their business. Their primary interest lies in the financial side of mizu-shobai type establishments, gambling, and money laundering. They also offer thug-work-for-hire, which is helpful when the police aren't, but you've got to be careful dealing with them because there tend to be hidden costs to their "help". * whoops. replied at the wrong level :P 3000 years of writing bad Chinese poetry. edit: It's a JOKE, people. What I am saying is that the lack of looting has nothing to do with the Yakuza. While it was in vogue, the nobles would all try their hand, no matter how bad they were at it, and no matter how little they actually knew of the language. Think Janglish, but the Chinese version of it :P I'm usually wary of anyone who argues that mouse and windowed GUI usage wastes precious time, because it tells me that this person prematurely optimizes, focusing on typing and screen navigation time when the idea-to-code bottleneck is actually the part where you THINK before you ACT. The actual time spent hitting keys on the keyboard pales by comparison (or at least it should, unless you're producing unmaintainable code). A better approach to #5 (Do not copy a line more than once) is to make a "template" copy of the line, which will fail to compile, and then make a bunch of copies of that. Example: Template line: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); Copy/paste: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); Final edit: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_PRIMARYSTATUS), TRUE); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_CYCLETIMESPIN), FALSE); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_CYCLETIME),); Now when you try to compile, but forgot to update something (such as the missing boolean in the last line), the compiler will complain. There is also boron in the spent fuel pools to further retard neutron production. As well, the steel structures for the spent fuel pools are often made of borated steel. It's not like they just toss the spent fuel into a kiddie pool and call it a day. 1. The programmer market is HOT HOT HOT now. We're having no end of trouble finding developers. 2. You need to take stock of what you've done these past 3 years. How are you different today from when you started? THAT is your "career credit", and you need to figure out how to communicate that to a big company. You probably have a ton of management skills (project management, people management, time management, etc). Big companies like that. 3. There's NOTHING wrong with going to work for a big company. Big company = stability, and after a long roller coaster ride with daily uncertainty, that can be appealing. You can always start over if it turns out you're stuck with the entrepreneurial bug ;-) The key to being an entrepreneur is failing fast, right? You're 3 years in and haven't launched. Why? Do you know what your customers want? Because once you build what they actually want, no matter how crappy your first launch (within reason), you'll have the opposite problem of not being able to retain enough talent to keep up with their demands. You'll be constantly inundated with emails to the effect of "Yeah I really like your product, but it'd be so much better if it did X..." Failing is not just the CEO's decision; it's EVERYBODY'S decision. YOU are an entrepreneur, too. Use your spidey sense! And make sure you're honest about it when you talk to your CEO. If you can't come to common ground, that's too bad, but if you CAN, you might turn this around yet. Also: Read up on Founder's Syndrome if you haven't yet: http://managementhelp.org/misc/founders.htm Edit: And if you're an Android or iPhone developer who's interested in education and games and lives in the bay area, forget everything I just said. Your company is beyond help and you should come work with us ;-) We're MindSnacks. We do bite-sized mobile learning in a fun way that makes people come back for more! You should be receiving a message in your mailbox shortly. Side note, but stretching before exercise increases the chance of injury. http://sportsmedicine.about.com/cs/flexibility/a/aa022102a.h... I was wrong; there hasn't yet been a causal relationship established between pre-exercise stretching and increased injury (though some studies do suggest such a relationship). The studies do agree in general, however, that stretching before exercise does NOT reduce the chance of injury. Some scientific articles this time: http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=stretching+injuries+stud... Ah, the refrain of the neat freaks who feel a desperate need to trumpet their position (and obliquely judge all dissenters), justifying with simplistic metaphors that have no scientific basis... How quickly we fall off the bus! Agreed. Albert Einstein's political views were laughably naive, for example. An example: "War seems to me a mean, contemptible thing: I would rather be hacked in pieces than take part in such an abominable business. And yet so high, in spite of everything, is my opinion of the human race that I believe this bogey would have disappeared long ago, had the sound sense of the nations not been systematically corrupted by commercial and political interests acting through the schools and the Press." When considered against thousands of years of human history, documenting wars large and small, and the events leading up to them, such a view of the innate goodness of fellow man that is pure and would never wage war but for the corrupting influence of the elite, comes off as incredibly naive. When compared and contrasted with, for example, Machiavelli and his discourses on the first decade of Titus Livius, Einstein comes off like an episode of the Care Bears. Great. Wonderful. So what does it mean to "win" the test? What do any of those numbers even mean? A paper written with the goal of providing the minimum amount of information in the maximum amount of words. By not identifying themselves, they cut themselves off from the best talent. Nobody worth their salt will waste their time applying to a mystery company when there are many other companies who they DO know about and can get passionate about. Facebook is actively hiring government insiders in the hopes of gaining more political influence, and so they are changing in order to become more in-line with US foreign policy and thus further improve the relationship. Blasphemy! Blasphemy I say! There is a theory that the connection between the right and left hemisphere of the human brain has been diminishing over generations (The ancients used to audibly hear the voice of the gods, which was likely the right hemisphere, but that ability diminished around 4-5000 years ago). I wonder if all these psychadelic drugs are doing is enhancing the communication between right and left, or perhaps suppressing the left such that the right takes greater charge? The left does, after all, have very narrow focus as opposed to the right, which processes greater but less focused patterns. I've read a few books over the years that touch upon the subject, but I don't remember anything online (It's been quite a number of years since I've visited the subject). I do know that Colin Wilson subscribes to the theory, so some of his nonfiction works might be helpful (I seem to remember something in The Criminal History of Mankind). Large companies work by inertia. Google is actually more agile for its size, but it's still a big company and ruled by inertia. In a large company, the majority of people don't know each other, and don't communicate on a daily basis. This means that things of interest get passed from person to person, usually by email, and so the original intent of the message tends to get lost due to the 3rd or 4th reader having no idea what kind of person the original writer is, what his writing style is, whether he's being serious or joking, etc. As a result, you end up with lots of requests for clarification, especially where it's an event that falls outside of the normal routine. It takes a lot to rile up a company, but Andrew did it expertly, pushing all the buttons his background in sociology and politics gave him a solid understanding of. Notice how it went through three separate "request for clarification" requests, each more formal than the last. Each time, he responded in a passive-aggressive manner that re-pushed those same buttons. As it pushed its way through the various departments and echelons of the company, such a message would become more and more threatening as the person became less and less known. People go into CYA mode (better safe than sorry), the company momentum changes and things start rolling. Let's look at the course of events again: 1: Andrew is intercepted by someone who is probably a manager (notice his description "Agitated Chubby White Male", with the connotations of bourgeoisie). 2: The manager takes Andrew to explain the situation to security (pointing out that the security guard is a black man in a menial job, with "sedate" added for connotations of passively accepting his proletariat fate). 3: Security contacts Transvideo to get clarification from Andrew and find out his intentions (notice his description "so that the issue can be filtered and separated neatly into their bracketed accounts", with the connotations of the soulless bureocratic corporate machine). At this point, the security department is unsure of Andrew's intentions. Was it just harmless curiosity? Is he a plant, trying to dig up dirt to embarrass Google? They can't know for sure, so they ask him to clarify his position. What Andrew sends back is a passive-aggressive letter covering class, race, and labor, all hot button topics. His manager asks for even more clarification. People are getting very nervous at this point. Andrew's response is political dynamite, once again using passive-aggressive techniques to all but accuse Google of racist discriminatory labor practices. That someone with "backgrounds in sociology and political philosophy" wouldn't understand what panic his second letter would produce is incredibly hard to believe. In fact, Andrew's entire description is so slanted and colored that I'm inclined to suspect that he deliberately set about getting himself fired so that he could trumpet "Google is Evil!" from his blog, Michael Moore style. > Passive-aggressive is something like "I respect your right to your opinion, no matter how steeped in white male professional privilege it may be." Or something like "found it interesting that these workers, who perform labor similar to that of many red-badge contractors, such as software engineers, custodians, security guards, etc., are mostly people of color and cannot eat Google meals, take the shuttle, ride a bike, or step foot anywhere else on campus." Or "I was not aware of how secretive the Book Search project is" Or "understand how seriously my curiosity could jeopardize not only my own job and Transvideos’ relationship with Google" > His statements are completely factual, even underplayed. His statements are very slanted. "chubby white man", "extremely confidential area", "filtered and separated neatly into their bracketed accounts", "Ralph, the millionaire who owns Transvideo", and others I mentioned previously are carefully crafted to paint Google (and Transvideo) in the light of not only an exploiter of minorities, but also a petty company that cares more about their data integrity than people. > I didn't even hear any ill-will towards the company There's plenty of ill will and contempt there, seething beneath the surface in that passive-aggressive voice. For companies: Hire the absolute best you can find. Your goal should be to find people who are better than you at what you do. You need to hit every source of talent and try your damn best to get the best. Failing that, settle for someone who is only as good as you are. This is monumentally important with your first 4-5 hires as it sets the bar and sets the culture. For job seekers: They are interviewing you, but YOU are also interviewing THEM. If you are not passionate about what they are doing, it's probably not a good fit. If they are unwilling to listen to you give a better solution than the one they thought of, there's probably something wrong with their culture. If they are offended that you found a bug in their code or test, that's a huge red flag already. Now, in big companies you can get away with coasting along, working as a simple code monkey. If that's what you want (not saying it's a bad thing), then you need neither passion nor aptitude to get a decent wage working an easy job. If, however, you crave something bigger and more rewarding, you need to seek out companies that are passionate about the same things you are. In a market as hot as this one, there are a LOT of passionate companies looking for talented people (especially startups!). They're ninja-rockstars. That's why they stay out of the limelight ;-) Both Apple and Google are chipping away at the carriers. You can't just throw ultimatums at the big players in the arena and expect them to say "Oh ok. We'll make it all open, sure!". Apple has capitulated on a number of issues. So has Google. But you know what? We now have phones that are orders of magnitude more open than they've ever been thanks to the quid-pro-quo of those two pioneering companies. Google initially came on too strong, but found they didn't have the clout to push the level of openness they wanted, and so now they're taking a gentler approach. The carriers need to see a benefit to themselves before they move, and even then they'll move very slowly. Google and Apple know this, which is why they apply pressure gently and steadily. They understand and exploit the politics, which is why they are so successful. The proof is in the pudding. Just look at the market share. What you really want is something along the lines of: void myMethod() { disposable File myFile = new File(somePath); // ... do stuff with the file // "disposable" modifier causes myFile to be // forcibly destroyed upon leaving scope for any // reason (except if the disposable object itself // is returned from the method). } An idiom designed specifically for the purpose of resource management would make for a far cleaner implementation than shoehorning an existing mechanism. You'd probably also need to add checking for references to the object by still-living objects (i.e. objects not eligible for gc). If any live object has a reference to the disposable object, its "disposable" status gets removed. Similarly, returning the disposable object from the method also strips its "disposable" status. It would add extra processing at the end of the scope level, but generally methods that create/use resources don't need to be lightning fast anyway. You could even add the "disposable" modifier to class definitions, making all instances of that class disposable by default (and thus destroyed unless referenced or returned). My answer would be to create a shortcut in the existing reference system of the gc. Invoke a subset of the gc which checks a reduced list of object references made from that scope or deeper. Reference counted systems only work if you don't create cyclic (strong) references, so that argument is moot. In fact, reference counted systems can deal with resource objects easily so long as the compiler/interpreter ensures that pending autoreleases are executed when unwinding the stack during an exception. You can't beat confirmation bias. It's wired into human braaaaaains.