>To be honest, I am having a hard time finding people to talk about this stuff with. Hi man, I get you. I recently had a long vacation break and started reading lots of things that had in the 'someday' queue. I'm fascinated by all of that but have absolutely no one to talk to about it (they're related to what you wrote, like Ellul). We should get along, drop me an email at alex@ .com ML is the new way to refer to old-school methods such as regression, statistical inference, etc. "Our mission is to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together." "Our mission is to be Earth's most customer-centric company." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to bring transportation—for everyone, everywhere." Yeah, I do not know why but I do not feel very inspired by those ... Not at all. A few months ago I started being extremely pragmatic in everyday life (even against my will which is usually not like that). Things like, say no if you want to say no, answer emails immediately with a sentence at most, find the fastest way to get something done etc... Now I have a lot of time on my hands to do whatever I want, that includes spending the day studying or pondering things which I believe greatly increased the potential of my imagination. Find things that you like and do them, weed out everything else. If you can't shake some of those away, find the most practical way to get rid of them. Good idea in principle, however, did you even try to run a test before releasing it to the public? For a particular term I get the following words having "positive" sentiments: boycott, punishment, greed, backlash, protesters, damaging, upset. How in hell is that positive? Didn't knew Elon was behind this as well. "Close your eyes, honey" Expired SSL. Buterin's attention to detail is why I trust Ethereum so much. Very good idea I love it! I foresee and amazing future for you, just don't give up, keep it going for as long as you can. Cheers! From 2014 to around 2018 I was part of a team that was heavily invested into bringing these concepts to reality. What we accomplished was amazing and I still use some of them tools day-to-day, unfortunately we had to stop. What I wanted to share is that it was extremely hard (and ultimately impossible for us) to accrue a critical mass of people that is willing to use these things AND pay for them. We reached a few hundred paying customers; but we were 6 guys working on this full-time, so that means salaries and overall we were losing money like nothing else. That aside, I would do it again if I could, particularly now that the "standard tools" of the internet have become useless with time. Example, Google never gives me what I want anymore and they're removing the URLs now from the results (why?). If someone reads this and want to kickstart some kind of "internet renaissance" with me, you can reach me here: alex@ .com >An executable file in itself is not malicious Petty crimes can exponentially escalate if some particular aggravants are present. Example: 1. Steal something from a store. 2. Bring a gun. 3. Show it. 4. Discharge it. 5. Injure someone. 6. Kill someone. Each of these things make your punishment much harsher, even if your initial thing was to just steal a chocolate bar (1). Of course! That's pretty much the point of supercomputing. You would be impressed to know the proportion of Master/PhD students who are, in that sense, literal computers. >Check these 4,000 pictures and count the number of green dots you see, store it in an excel table. If you see more than five, send me an email immediately. >Put a 1 on it, then run it, then put a 2 on it and run it, then put a 3 on it and run it, go on until you reach 10,000. When you are done calculate positives/total and infer a p-value. If it is lower than or equal to 0.05, you're done, if it isn't continue until you reach 100,000. If it still higher than 0.05, we'll get you another PhD project. >From the set {a, b, c, d, e, f, g ... z or more} pick two, run the experiment with those, document the result. Pick another two and continue until you exhaust all the possibilities. And the list goes on ... I know the author is well intended and in the end it's her opinion after all. But many of the points she raises are naive when viewed from the point of view of someone who is inside academia. Someone going through a PhD could write a wildly different opinion. In the end it's opinions all the way down, but if you want to "re-imagine" this whole thing you need to start with a much broader vision. >They did the work No, they didn't. If you think so, then any consultant writing whitepapers for McKinsey, PWC or whatever should have a PhD as well. I'm not diminishing their effort or implying their content is not as interesting but a (serious) PhD is about the experience of doing the PhD. I know it sounds weird, but that's the best way I could put it in words. On this line, shoutout to Vultr for their support. Just today I opened a ticket with a relatively simple technical issue. I got a reply in 5 minutes ... yes 5 minutes, I couldn't believe it. My business with them so far is worth about 2 dollars, they will get many more from me, for sure! Hello 1hakr and congratulations! I was looking at your open startups page (love the initiative) and if you show the pageviews for the last year, you can see everything flat and then it pretty much explodes in December. What is the reason for this? Was this the ProductHunt feature? I hate being negative but this article, despite its good intent, just tries to force some very shallow abstractions to the point where it's ridiculous ... On the first example of levels, it's funny that 'guys that can eat where they want' are on the same level (3) as 'billionaries'. Then goes on with the very old (and wrong) belief that for a high net worth individual 50K is chump change and equivalent to a normal guy throwing away a dollar ... Then the "improved" levels do not really make sense as levels: travel freedom can be much more than expensive than house freedom, for sure!; also, one could engage in a philantrophic cause without belonging at the absolute peak of wealth. Another one is how at the highest level in his chart, he uses the expression "What are prices?", implying that people at the highest bracket just do not look at price tags anymore. Honestly, plenty of rich people live fairly frugal lives, while on the other end plenty of people at the bottom spend in a lot of things without thinking twice about the cost and its impact on their lives. And then there is no advice on how to actually climb such arbitrarily defined ladder ... Huh? What's the point of deploying AI with the same shortcomings as humans? >From a machine-parsing perspective PDF files are a nightmare. Can someone with experience care to explain why? Does it have to do with each letter having an absolute position on the document? I have no clue, to be honest. Embrace, extend, extinguish. It's the 90s all over again. Did you do it? More details on why this advice would have worked for you? >it's not very fun Sorry to hear that other people's lives get in the way of your idea of 'fun'. Huh? Well, could you provide an example of your idea of having 'fun' while in a car? Funny that both Honor and Seismic seem like good deals from a quick skim. Both have established their products and markets clearly, pull on decent revenue, have been growing continuously, no scandals, no weird CEOs, nothing illegal, no "break it till you make it" attitude. They are both on sectors which are extremely profitable and whose customers' churn rate is relatively low. SoftBank: Nah, I think I'll pass. Whoops, so long with the "no bullshit" policy. I stopped using them a while ago but for a different reason. I used to use their website to check availability/whois for domains that I was interested in buying. If it was available I didn't buy it at the time but until I finished the website/app whatever I was going to put there, this took me a few months obviously. It happened to me that when I was finally ready the domain had already been sold to someone else. This repeated five times during six or so years. Now, I know, "someone else could have thought the same thing" but I find it very hard to believe that it happens so often. These domains were a bit of niche words that were not hot topics at the time, some of them using fairly uncommon TLDs (like .one). Another weird thing is that they were always registered to someone living/or doing business at India, and it was a fairly simple landing page with a "contact me" link. I'm a bit superstitious so I don't think it was a coincidence. Now, I don't think this is a GANDI problem per se, but my theory is that they share this information (who is looking for which domains) with marketers or something like that, or maybe it was a rogue employee trying to make some money squatting domains. I would have expected this from BigDaddy or similar sharks, but from a company whose motto is "no bullshit" I had much better hope. Anyway, I decided to move (to namecheap if you're wondering) and surprisingly the problem went away. Nice to know I'm not the only one! :D >I recently saw a talk by Atwood ... Interesting, if you could share a link or some other source me and my dinner would appreciate it :) Thank you! s/after/before/ A testimony on how hard it is to compete in a red ocean. Ten years, big growth and still barely a dent on Google's share. But I hope you get there someday. Congratulations to the team behind this! Points of view ... for me the simplest explanation seems to be one linked to the other. The good news is that we are rational and able to find explanations based on evidence. Let's see what comes out in a few weeks. How do they know it's one single atom instead of a small bunch of them? Any insight into why? I didn't know about this. (Haven't changed my desk ever while working somewhere) IMHO assuming a 2% rate this early is a bit disingenuous. This due to the 8,288 confirmed cases not having registered an outcome yet . If you look at people cured vs. people dead, the picture looks much worse, but yeah a lot of variables still come into play (they were prob. the most vulnerable, they were the first ones so treatment may not have been the best, etc.). What a nice way to add to the conversation ... If you have something substantial to post, then do it, otherwise please respect the guidelines of this site ... This is more or less the thing with "Category Theory". Very fancy and neatly structured code but in the end you accomplish pretty much the same; and now nobody on the team understands a bit about what you're doing. It's more like: "Why would we use a framework that nobody understands but you, to accomplish the same stuff a few SQL statements can do?" The former option never wins. Nice preconceptions, they truly add to your argument. CT brings nothing new to the table in terms of "now we can do X that we couldn't do otherwise". If you can provide an example to prove its usefulness, please do. Funny thing is that every time it comes down to "just show me" the hand-waving and "you wouldn't get it" begins. Things that work speak for themselves. >you're scoffing at something you don't understand Actually ... I was also very excited by the promise of CT a few years ago and since then I have read a lot about it and I'm quite confident "I understand" what I'm talking about. I've been programming for about 20 years, half of them with functional languages (or languages with first-class functional constructs: lisp, haskell, scala). I have read the most famous books on CT touching on programming, some of them are signed as I have spent my own money going to some CT conferences and meeting with the people there. As a conclusion, I don't mean that CT is useless in itself. It definitely is a nice mathematical framework and has proven a great tool for a few things here and there in different areas of math. But in the context of computer science, as I said it before, it does not bring anything new to the table. (You beat me to it for a few minutes.) I second this, my work is 10 minutes away cycling, city centre is also about 10 walking. I know that not everyone has this privilege but it really puzzles me how most of my neighbors own (and use) cars to perform pretty much the same commute. Taking money out of context for a bit, when I used to own cars they also took a significant amount of time and attention from me. I know it may not be for everybody but switching to bike+bus+walk has been a liberating experience for me as well. A soundcha ? >there would already be much more deaths than there is now Why? People can be sick for quite some time (in this case, a month, maybe?) and then ultimately die from the disease, this is actually like ... the most common scenario ... I have been unpleasantly surprised by how much people struggle to understand this simple concept. Recovered / (recovered+death) is how you do it. It's common sense, come on ... >If you reply to any one of my other posts I definitely will request his aid to moderate. BACK OFF. Wow. I agree with you that the correct answer is "we have to wait more". And it's been almost 10 years since that. Like CRT's, plasma's burn in, but you cannot buy a new set of eyes. Nice "joke". You could get in real trouble for this, though. >Even more fun? You know who owns that yacht now? DJT. Any reference on that? >also play a huge role in automatic differentiation Could you extend more on how GA plays a role in this? I wish to learn more but don't know where to start. Any leads would be appreciated greatly.