I have to say that "graduated from MIT" is far more impressive to potential employers, investors and co-founders than is warranted, IMO. And I say this as an MIT grad. :) Being no dummy, I dig through my nightstand to find and wear my brass rat (MIT class ring) approximately once every 5 years, when I need a better shot at one of those things. Otherwise, no one I know cares, though half of our top technical leaders are from MIT. I also look at the recruiting efforts my current company (startup in early 200x, now decidedly not-startupy, public, and $500+K in annual revenue): we bias heavily towards "top" CS schools when doing college recruiting. We've gotten some absolutely fabulous candidates from "second tier" schools and we naturally recruit there every year, but if you come from MIT, you get a full 25% (estimated) better chance right from the start of the interview. For my own account (plural of anecdote not being data notwithstanding), despite being a pretty strong candidate, I strongly suspect that my current lot in life is based more than 50% on my attending (and not even spectacular results at) MIT, and as a result, I give heartily every time they call for alumni donations. Employers and founders: MIT isn't all that special. So called "second tier" schools also have some extremely capable potential employees, and individual talent, motivation and drive is FAR more important. High-school students: If you have the choice between MIT and $200K in debt and a state school with a full ride, and you're pretty sure you're going to work in engineering for 20 years, definitely go to MIT. Right or wrong, that name opens doors, and I believe I've done a lot more interesting and lucrative work than I'd have been able to do from the full ride I had offered to me at UMCP. As an MIT grad, I'm a lot less impressed with the brass rat than most people who are in a position to help shape your lot in life. If you're going to found 5 startups in the hopes that one will be a solid success, save the $200K and invest it in your startups. If you're going to go work for someone else, even just for a while, you'll have no problem paying off your student loans from MIT, or any other top school, IME. Sure it does, but if you're working hourly, you're still making the same total $, working the same hours, just over more projects. For me, while I do love coding, my side projects truly are a means to an end ($$ to put in a home theater, or take a trip, or do whatever else I want to do). Hidden in your question is the kernel of why fixed-bid is better when your skills (in terms of lower hours-expended for a finished-system) are better than your competition, and you can sell it. Now, all that said, I'm wrapping up a fixed-bid (~$25K) side project where scope creep is killing me on my (effective) hourly rate. It's still fun; I'm learning a lot about things I don't do in my "day job" and I'm almost certainly going to get more work from this client if I want it, but I made the mistake of bidding fixed-price with some assumptions about the scope that were ludicrously off. (My fault, not the client's, and I'm eating it. If the work weren't fun, it would be an extremely bitter taste...) I'm still in favor of the fixed-bid (as it makes the sales job much easier), but watch scope creep. One last important point: if you are bidding fixed because you are a great coder and a poor salesman, your lack of sales/negotiation skills may be an issue when the client thinks something was in scope and you think it's out of scope. If this is a possibility, figure out your strategy ahead of time, or you'll end up doing the feature "for free". I have to disagree with some of the thinking here. In my view, TIME is your most valuable resource, and anything that isn't a core competency you want to get out with as little investment of time as possible. TWO DAYS of hacking spent (squandered?) building your own phone system? Really? Unless you have significant staff, how can that be remotely a reasonable return vs just using cell phones? Many of the other suggestions are good ones, but don't get caught in the trap of "Just because I can do XXX which will save $Y, that I obviously should." If your core competency has something to do with phones, by all means hack away on your phone system. I'm not sure that's so clear. Suppose we say $200K is the "6 figure salary." That's getting paid for 6 years of work right now, and even if you have to put in 12 months at the acquirer to fully vest the $1.5mm, that's getting paid $1.7mm for a year of work (reckoning from this point forward). I'm not saying that's a slam-dunk deal, but it's a far cry better than 1/5th that amount... I doubt anyone will do jail time for this, if even any laws were broken. And if Porsche settles for the maximum 1 million Euro fine, that's not even 1/1000th of the profits they made on the backs of the shorts. It's not like their aspiration to takeover VW was any kind of a secret in either the auto or finance worlds. Frankly, I have no sympathy for market speculators who got reamed here by shorting VW. I do have some sympathy for people who were short the DAX index as a broad-based hedging strategy and got trapped by the leap in the DAX. Then again, "the market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent" is a true today as it was 75 years ago. (I originally tried to keep this short. Epic fail.) I don't want to sound unsympathetic, as you seem to have an actual medical condition that's substantially impacting your life. At the same time, I want to point out a few things that really struck me reading your post, as I don't think mindless sympathy is the ideal approach to helping others. (Asperger's has its upside, too... :) ) "essentially told by HR that I was obligated to comeback full-time" BS! Indentured servitude has long ago been outlawed in the US, and while my company generally tries hard to get our good interns to come back full-time, HR doesn't phrase it as an obligation. "my girlfriend of 8 years (seriously, we had been together since we were 16) had just left me because I was exhausted and working all of the time" There's an awful lot of relationship "turbulence" in the mid-20s, and it's awfully hard to pin a breakup to a specific root cause, especially when it's fairly vague. "I'm actually afraid to get another job." Why? For a good coder, they're everywhere, easy to get, and pretty handy for paying the bills. There's an substantial chance that your prior employer is just a grind 'em up and spit 'em out crappy employer, though it's hard to say from only hearing your side. But if it really was "your employer's fault", then getting another one has a substantial chance of fixing a large part of what you are complaining about. (And if it was really "your fault" (see below), getting another one gets you that one step closer to figuring that out too, so that you can change that.) I'd offer a couple pieces of advice: 1. Take responsibility for choosing your own path. Don't let HR tell you you're obligated to come back. Don't work for crappy employers. 2. Don't "double down" on your limitations. Given that you have a legitimate medical condition, don't tie other aspects of your life to that condition. Don't blame a failed relationship on it, etc; otherwise, you're liable to fall into a victim mentality, which regardless of whether or not there is a true linkage, doesn't help you to make thoughtful choices in your life. 3. There are plenty of employers out there for good hackers, and I've worked with people with far more messed up sleep/work schedules than you, and I'd hire (some of) those people with nothing more than a phone call telling me they were available. If hacking is the one thing you love doing, do that. Going to academia, or anything other than hacking, is a cop-out. Go get another job hacking, and if that doesn't work out, go get another job hacking, and repeat until you find one that makes you mutually happy. If you get to 4 or 5 and find that you're still "0 for", then think about whether there are other root causes, and whether you bear more responsibility for some of your challenges than you are currently admitting to. You need more data. You came to HN asking for it. IMO, you really need more data about YOU and how YOU will handle your life responsibilities, and while you can ask HN how people here handle their lives, ultimately, it's going to be a lot more productive to find YOUR answers in YOUR mirror. "Worst kept secret" approximates "public information" at the limit. It took me less than two seconds to figure out how to use two companies to get to 100x, or three companies to get to 1000x, etc, etc. Thinking as a libertarian, the key is to eliminate the government prop for the losers. People involved get the implied government/judicial prop of bankruptcy protection if they need it, but otherwise, let them fail, let the failures cascade as they will, and get on with the healing/repair/rebuilding as soon as possible. Sure, I agree that it sucks that someone might have an employment agreement that suggests they are owed a stream of the future profits of a company in the form of a private pension, and if that company fails, they won't get that pension payment. So what? That's like me betting my buddy a billion dollars on a coin flip and then the winner trying to collect the bet from a third party (the government is nothing more than a series of third parties acting collectively). "But I had an agreement and I was counting on that money to live in retirement?" True, but not the problem of the taxpayers that you wagered your retirement on a poorly managed company, whether it's a bank, brokerage, or in the case of GM, a retiree health care and pension company that happens to build cars with a portion of its efforts. I was assuming that your measure of badness was "the more people who know this secret, the worse kept it is". By that measure, the limit of a poorly kept secret is exactly public information. I'm having a hard time coming up with any other continuous measure of "badness" of secret keeping. I couldn't come up with a way to express a parallel with being the best darn turd polisher out there without it sounding like a personal attack on you, not a commentary on how you should be more aware of the seriously uphill battle you face. I honestly think that folding and moving onto a better hand/idea is the move here. If you want to run the site as a learning exercise, you can probably use ads or affiliate referrals to actual cash-game sites as a source of paying for hosting, and there might be enough leftover for a WSOP super-satellite entry fee. I think trying to figure out what will make your "free poker social networking site" take on a Facebook type trajectory as opposed to the 99 other couldabeen-Facebooks is not a +EV play. You should definitely look into twoplustwo.com's forums and business model, but they've already got a pretty good lock on the poker-theory discussion and a well-established community. I re-read my comment pretty carefully and I'm still not sure how the principle of "don't create new government guarantees to back failed private enterprise obligations" has become "we shouldn't have any government regulation of public safety issues" in your mind. For the record, I do "accept that sometime, somewhere laissez faire markets may produce a situation where a good chunk of society is undernourished." I think that it's the pro-welfarists and socialists that seem to have a problem accepting that. To me, wanting minimal government interference in private choices is purely a matter of practicality, not one of morality. I'd prefer that the government not be a nanny to the entire population, constantly at the ready to wipe the nose and dry the tears of anyone who gets hurt. I do agree that if the government is going to serve that purpose, then they'll pretty much have to take away the rewards for good choices, as both a disincentive to take large risks and equally importantly, because it's going to be damned expensive to prop up everyone who chose poorly, someone's got to pay for it, and only those who chose well can afford it. We're pretty far afield of hacker news at this point, and I suspect we understand each other views at a gross level and simply disagree on where the optimal point for a society's government to strive for is located. If it's any consolation, despite having made good choices, I have no say or sway in the matter and that people who think more like you are in power and are determined to wipe the noses that "need" wiped and dry the abundant damp eyes, so you'll get your way anyhow... One example answer is that if your gross margin is anything under 10%, you shouldn't spend $100m in advertising for $1mm in marginal revenue. Doesn't happen often in software, of course. You could also do $5 for 3 months, no auto-renewal. Let's say your gross margin is 9%. You spend $100K in advertising. You get an additional $1000K in revenue, on which you make a 9% profit. You bank $90K profit from this. You're $10K worse off for having done that advertising. Here's a related question: I'll posit that there is a higher density of "very desirable" top-notch hackers being thrown into the job market than at any other time in my 15-year career. You know the people: the ones that rarely hit the normal job market because with one or two emails, they can line up their next gig in an afternoon throught their network or friends-of-friends. For those of us who are hiring, what strategies can we use to ensure that we in-person interview more of those candidates (with whom we can generally sell them) and spend less time on the "perma job seekers" that seem to form the bulk of the job applicant population. I don't mean to sound overly elitist, but if I've only got 1 spot open, I want to take a shot at selling the very best candidates, and spend as little time interviewing the also-rans as possible. (This is in regards to professional hires; our college-level recruiting program is in good shape, and there's less change from last year there than in the landscape for professional hires) Followup question: How do I know I have "one of these people" such that I can not waste their time with phone interviews, etc? Letting in a lot of chaff in hopes of not turning away wheat is not scalable, and if I already knew who the good ones were without phone screening them, I could probably cut down on the interviewing as well. I'll grant you that true networked hires may have earned a skip-the-phone stage, though I'd still rather answer THEIR questions on the phone than find a no-fit after 3 hours in-office. Be able to move fast is always good advice though! 10 years ago and for a different company (in the computer game industry), we used a two question test (in C): 1. Write hex2int (without using any stdlib functions, such as strtoul(s,null, 16) for example. :) ) 2. Delete a node from a singly-linked list. Personally, I found a VERY strong correlation between what we wanted in a game developer and their answer to #1. #2 I didn't find all that valuable, other than to weed out people who'd never taken any algorithm/data structure coursework. For that company, and those roles, it worked very well, because there's a correlation between bit twiddling, pointer operations, and knowing whether someone "gets" pointers and their job performance. That's not the case in most jobs, nor in most modern languages. (Who cares if you "get" pointers if your language doesn't have them?) My current company asks on from a set of some fairly basic questions on the phone screen, and we pretty much grade the whole phone screen "pass/fail" (interview/thank you for your time). I can't say they work quite as well, but we're also looking significantly "up market" from what the game company needed. My idealized criteria: For professional hires: keep it short, but not so basic as to be insulting. For college hires: keep it short, and probably basic. For all in-person/whiteboard exercises: ignore error checking, exceptional conditions, etc. It's just too much effort to go through in that format. Best coding test I ever took was for Accolade, who sent a zip file of source code for a very simple game (fly an airplane across a 2D map with mountains) and asked you to write "AI" (in the game sense, not the compsci sense) for the player. You had an evening and mailed them back a zip file with your code included. That was fun to do, and I suspect gave them fairly fine-grained insight into how good a coder you were, as there's "working", "optimal" and "elegant" dimensions into which various solutions bucket themselves. I used sedo.com, and was completely satisified for my one transaction with them. There's a quite legitimate reason to use exploding offers (beyond the implied "bad" reasons Joel cites): to ensure that companies get exactly the number of college hires that they want. If you've got budget for "no more than 20" and a real desire to hit 20 on the dot, then it's entirely rational (and I think reasonable) to extend exploding offers to your top 30 candidates, and then as the prior offers expire or are turned down, to extend offers to the "waitlist". It's not particularly different from the college admissions process, or a season ticket renewal process, daycare/pre-school admissions waitlisting, or any other means of efficiently allocating limited resources over a period of time, and is certainly not inherently evil. That's one legitimate viewpoint, but on the flipside, realize that I truly believe I work for (and represent) a fantastic employer, and that everyone on the waitlist who needlessly ends up working someplace else in the parallel universe, in which we didn't use exploding offers, has been "harmed" by that outcome. IMO, it's not just about treating your first choice potential employee as a person, but about treating your last choice potential employee as a person too. Amusing the order you chose. If you really love coding (and are good at it), you should never have to work(+) a day in your life. +-Sure, you'll have to write code, but for me that's an enjoyable play/hobby activity that companies are all too happy to pay me all too much for. "Work" in the preceding PP is something that you don't like doing and would only do in exchange for money. Find the right role in the right company, and you could easily have your "office hobby" that you use to pay the bills for your other hobbies and leisure time. Over the years, I'd say that I've been paid on average 4x what it would actually have required to secure my services, and the minimum amount is really driven by what it would cost me to eat, drink, sleep and be merry. (It turns out however, that that "surplus" 3x has made my life considerably more comfortable and, in some areas, extravagant. I hope my boss doesn't read this until after he's decided on my raise and bonus for the year. ;) ) zephyr -i help at MIT had almost exactly the opposite problem: people were charged up/competing to be the first one to provide the correct answer. It worked shockingly well, as a consumer and it was fun to kill some time as a supplier of answers. (My time at MIT all pre-dates the interwebs, so I can't directly compare/contrast it to a world with Google as an option.) "Sorry honey, I was thinking very intently about the deep thought you just shared, and my brain just needed some additional cooling." Get out of jail free... > We even had some employees who volunteered to be "rif'ed." Two I know had already received offers from outside the company that were still open, but they were declined, so the company could axe those that H.R. chose instead. Why should the company "take volunteers" for RIFs? Now I don't argue for a purely chance-based system for doing layoffs, preferring instead that a viable company make thoughtful choices about whom should be let go, I will observe that a random lottery will likely produce better results for the on-going company operations than allowing for a voluntary round of layoffs (presumably, with severance). In a voluntary round, your most employable are disproportionately likely to volunteer, meaning you're worse off than if you left it to chance. (From the less-than-median employable employee's point of view, naturally allowing for a voluntary round is preferable, but it's the company's choice of how to do it, not the worst employee's choice.) Decent article overall (fairly short and not particularly controversial though). One item I would argue with is the second half of this: > You need to decide what critical means for you (most often it means losing money). Just because you're losing money doesn't make it critical, at least not for any site that operates at scale. If you log as critical everytime you knew you're losing small amounts of money, you'll also have log files full of tiny taxes you've paid. "Can't reach US credit card payment provider" probably sounds critical, but isn't all that critical if you can place that order into a stored state and retry it with the provider later. Sure, that loses money because some of those payments will fail, and some users won't retry after an email prompt, but that doesn't make it critical. In my experience (on the dev side for years and now on the operations side), developers log errors at one level more severe than is actually warranted. ("Divide by zero" is almost never a fatal error from the perspective of the site operations team. :) ) Student loans, personal loans other than credit cards, business loans, preferred stock, corporate, municipal and government bonds (from the issuer's perspective) all change price/rate in response to missed or late payments on other obligations. (In the latter case, often dramatically so.) Why shouldn't a lender be a able to offer a contract that allows them to increase their fees when the borrower shows themselves to be a less than ideal credit risk at some point in the future? The borrower signed the terms; if they didn't like them, they could have not signed them, or they can pay off and close the account now. Those are the two (non-bankruptcy) avenues for them to get out of the contract that they now don't like having signed. In the long run, I do not. In the short run, I think you are confusing the end of the artificially high good times substantially fueled by these people "screwing themselves" with an absolute reduction in relative purchasing power (or other measure of "goodness") for people who didn't participate. Honestly, even though I bought a house in summer 2007 (which is now worth somewhat less than I paid), I've been made vastly better off by the free and easy credit that others took part in and that I for the most part did not. Sure, the economic turmoil/headwinds now are less pleasant than 2004-2006/early 2007, but that's far from saying "I got screwed by this obviously unsustainable great ride ending." "What he is really saying is 'what's fair got to do with it?" Huh? People who are "riskier" paying higher rates and fees IS fair. Would you lend your (presumably hypothetical) deadbeat, drug-addled uncle your entire $100,000 retirement nest egg at the same rate and terms that you'd lend the US government? Why the hell not?! He's family, and these big mean credit card companies are profit-seeking arms-length lenders, and you would expect them to act morally better (by your standard, not mine) than you would to family? (I would neither expect, nor as an investor, wish for them to do that.) Concede the point on bonds held to maturity; you're right. Private student loans are variable interest rate loans, many at the whim of the providing company. (I'd agree that private student loans are much closer to evil than revolving credit, and that more education is due on both topics to consumers of both types of debt. But I'm still not in favor of restricting the availability of a financial product that might not be in any given consumer's best interest, so long as it is in the best interest of some consumer.) Govt-backed student loans are as you describe. As to the over the edge "problem", that's a problem of the consumer's making+, and a creditor acting in their own best interest probably OUGHT to tighten credit for borrowers that it identifies, even on an acturial basis using information unrelated to the direct consumer creditor interaction, as being a higher risk. + - Debtors who are not in over their head generally don't face these problems. First of all: IMO, the US auto industry woes have not one damn thing to do with credit boom/bust, and if anything, their run (the companies and the UAW) was extended by the credit freedom, but in any free market, if your costs are 1.5x your competitors and the desirability of their product is 1.5x yours, you're in for a world of hurt. (I own three American cars: one Jeep and two sixties Mustangs, and if I had to do it over again, I probably wouldn't have bought the Jeep.) The US financial industry, I'd agree with you IF I thought we could effectively modulate without introducing deadweight losses for no net gain. (Historically, I don't think we have a good track record at this, in this or any other country.) What do I mean by that? The minute you introduce legislation to try to modulate something, a substantial result of that is to take smart people and apply them to figuring out how to comply with and/or work within/around the new regulations. So instead of building something people want or that makes the world better/more efficient, they're instead working on regulatory compliance. Then the most powerful institutions bid up the prices of the services of those people who are the very best at working around the regulation, or at lobbying for their activities to be exempted, and the cycle continues. If we could come up with a means to instanteously generate perfect regulation, I would indeed agree with your proposal. I'm not holding my breath for it... For your long-run personal wealth, do you think you would you be better or worse off focusing on having zero short-term debt? I agree with you vastly more than I disagree, but will observe that if you manage your debt reasonably, you have the ultimate recourse when your CC company changes your terms: Fire them. Pay that debt off, possibly by borrowing from another company willing to extend you terms more to your liking. I agree that people to whom no one will lend more money are at a great disadvantage. I don't see any way to fix that, as preventing CC companies from offering variable APR offers in the future will likely make things worse for marginal customers; it will just make the companies completely unwilling to extend them credit. Embargoing consumers who are already suffering doesn't help them in the short term. Pay the balance down to zero, and because of the strange quirk in the FICO scoring system, stop using it, but don't close the account. "Problem" #1 solved. I'm not sure exactly how to demonstrate the fairness to you if you don't see it in the above hypothetical case, esp if you agree that you wouldn't "lend" your entire retirement to a poor credit risk individual. I'll take one more shot at it: In order to attract prudent capital to a riskier investment, the projected rate of return must be higher than that of any available safe, or safer, investment. IOW, to lend to "high risk" customers, the credit card company has to charge some form of higher fees or rates. If they don't elect to offer lower rates to the "low risk" customers than those that they have to charge the high-risk customers, then someone else will come along and cherry-pick the low-risk customers. Said only slightly differently, why would anyone choose invest at arms-length in something riskier if there were a safer alternative available with an equal rate of return? They wouldn't, and any attempt to compel them to do so via regulation is unlikely to produce a result that you'd be happy with. It will either dry up credit for everyone, dry up credit for only the riskier potential patrons, or result in #1, followed by the demand for changes to the bankruptcy laws to enable creditors to safely lend at the mandated terms to all comers. I doubt that any of those will be a net benefit to society, except possibly the second, which would still result in extreme short-term pain to lower economic status individuals, who are disproportionately represented in the "high risk" cohorts of the market. Why shouldn't we expect pay raises take a hit at a time like this? The US economy is not growing much, if at all, and in fact is most likely in a recession. There's a strong possibility that inflation in the next 12 months will be well under 2%, and that we may even slip into deflationary environment overall. In a -1 to 1% inflationary environment, we should be happier with a 2.5% increase than with a 5% increase in an 8-10% inflationary environment. If you ask most people, they'd be happier with the second case however. (I'm hoping my own salary review is completed prior to my boss reading this HN comment, but honestly, if I don't get a merit increase, I'm not going anywhere, so there's relatively little tension to compel them to grant me one.) Perhaps it would be helpful to propose some alternative situation-specific metric of fair to help me understand what you're not understanding about what I'm saying. To you, how would you define "fair" so as to create a stable system in a way that's fundamentally different from "in keeping with free market economics"? In a free market of lenders and borrowers, "fair" is whatever each party agrees to enter into acting in their own best interest. If the lender thinks the terms are "unfair" to them, they don't lend. If the borrower thinks the terms are "unfair" to them, they do not borrow. Therefore, if a lender lends to a borrower, both parties have agreed that the deal is "fair". If a borrower finds that no one will lend to them on terms the borrower likes and then freely decides to loosen their standards and borrow anyway, I don't see any unfairness at work, rather that the borrower has updated their own concept of what a "fair deal" is, in order to borrow the money they want. That's helpful in explaining your and my disconnect. I suspect that you are I are pretty much talking to each other at this point, which is more than fine with me, as I find it quite interesting. > For the individual who gets told that Mongolians from Sweden pay an extra 3% if they [wear] shiny shoes, it may seem unfair. It may seem unfair to that person, but if it's wrong (meaning not borne out by the facts/stats), then another insurance or credit card company will almost surely come along and offer Swedish Mongolian shiny-shoe wearers deals at par, or even at a discount, to what the 3% surcharge company offers. In other words, if a company significantly overprices a given risk, that's just bad business or bad judgement, but it's not unfair. Similarly, if they underprice the risk, that's also not unfair, just bad business/judgement. Wherever significant price deviations are present and leaving money on the table, a competitor will come in to address the consumer need. And if they don't, then that's just the market price, which to me is the fair price. So I think I agree with your assesment that in my mind fair is a synonym, or at least an extremely close analog, to non-coercive. What you call price "gouging" (such as increasing the price of food, water, or gasoline in a time of shortage), I call an efficient market allocating scarce resources to those in the greatest need (as demonstrated by being willing to pay the highest price). If you mandate that the price of gasoline be $1.00 in the weeks following Katrina, how much gasoline do you think will get sold? Almost none would be my prediction. Instead, you'd find massive hoarding and gas stations closing rather than selling gas at a loss. How does that help anyone? Instead, if you let the price float to $5, $6, then those who need gas will buy it; those that don't will have no incentive (in fact a disincentive) to hoard it, and those who might be just driving around aimlessly for amusement will temporarily stop doing that, conserving that very limited resource. Seems VASTLY more efficient to me, and seems perfectly fair as well. Similarly, if you arrive at a monopoly through market forces, I think that's perfectly fine. If you are AWARDED a monopoly by the state, then that monopoly must be a tightly regulated monopoly by that same state. But I don't see any reason why Google shouldn't be allowed to reap the rewards of conquering search if they eventually do so. Or why Virgin Galactic couldn't operate a de-facto monopoly on space tourism, or any other example of where a market-derived monopoly is inherently unfair. To me, the state taking away an earned monopoly is what would be unfair. I have really enjoyed our discussion, though I suspect we're at the point of understanding pretty well what each other is saying and probably unlikely for you to agree that $5-$6 gas is "fair" post Katrina, and for me to think it is, and agree to disagree after a thought-provoking discussion. I can almost guarantee that if a card issuer were to unilaterally (not by force of regulation, or by industry-wide standard practice) raise the minimum payment formula to something that I would find rational (3-5 year payoff period perhaps), that there would be an immediate hue and cry about how damaging that action was to disenfranchised borrowers, as some people were "just getting by" before and now they're going to be in debt trouble by virtue of this action. (Newsflash, they only appeared to be getting by before and they were already deep in debt trouble, but that's not how it would be reported and complained about.) Though I'm of the opinion "let adults make adult decisions for themselves, don't have government be a nanny", here even I can see a reason to regulate (whether by government, or ideally by an organization like PCI) minimum payments higher than a 30 year amortization schedule. Frankly, Detroit would do well to copy their foreign competitors a bit more often. Which American car did the Datsun B210 copy? Which car did Porsche's 911 or Mercedes' S-class? Or for that matter, Toyota's Prius? I see plenty of examples of foreign competition innovating successfully, often at "non-competitive" prices. Detroit's last significant innovation was what? The 60-month car lease? The UAW job bank? I spent a week in Tokyo in 2005 and "must buy Japanese toilet in my eventual house" was a key takeaway message. It does take a few days to turn your opinion around on the warm seat issue. On a legacy toilet, a warm toilet seat feels gross because you can't help but think about how it got warm and how recently that must have been. The reptilian part of my brain took a few days to get over that; afterwards it was the second-best feature ever. The best? Those sprays. At the risk of taking it to the gutter, which I'll try to avoid: think about a time when you might have been ill or otherwise had intestinal troubles. You may have, as I have, just stepped right off the john and into the shower to tidy up rather than deforest all of Washington state for TP. With the spray, your normal hygeine regimen steps up to "almost freshly showered" and it requires almost no paper as you're simply drying with the paper. (I never had the patience to wait for the heated fans to dry my bottom, as they work about as quickly as the old-style ones in US bathrooms, and there too I'd have to wipe my hand/bottom on my pants.) The heated seat is good, but the spray is the business! OK. When Honda started making the Civic and Toyota the Corolla, what American car where they competing against, or copying? (I'll give you a hint: it wasn't a car that was remotely competitive in the small, reliable inexpensive car segment, and probably not one that you'd recognize today as a direct competitor to the first Civic, Prelude, or Corolla. Go drive an '84 Omni and an '84 Rabbit and tell me which is the better car. Or a 70's Chevette and a 70's Civic or Prelude.) I will grant you that the ur-Mustang was a stroke of genius, reasonbly innovative in the sense of creating visceral demand for a fun and cheap car. Right after the pony cars came the muscle cars, which may have represented the pinnacle of Detroit as measured by getting the country to actually lust after your products, to care about what engine and trim package was in the latest chromed sled to roll down Main Street. Even today, I'm proud to own a 65 hardtop and 66 convertible Mustang, both of which are 5+ years older than I am, and I feel happy to see the smiles of passersby of all ages when they see a piece of proud American history roll by. And that's exactly the problem, the pride is in the history, not the present. The Mustang and Pontiac GTO debuted over FORTY FOUR YEARS AGO! That's a pretty long drought, and despite their appeal, the C-5 'vette, Fox Mustang, and Hummer (the H1, not that plasticky rebadged Tahoe they call an H3) haven't really hit the same chord, have they? Of those 3, I suspect the vette and H1 didn't make significant annual profits, and almost surely not what Porsche makes on the 911 alone every year, nevermind the significant profits they bank on the Cayenne. (And all 3 of those together, over their entire production run, certainly didn't make what Porsche made this year on VW options alone!) By way of background, my 3 registered and insured cars are all American; I don't have a huge axe to grind here to justify my own purchases, but as I see it, Japan and Europe are eating Detroit's lunch, and based on my experience with my '96 Jeep, Satan will probably be wearing a winter coat before I buy another new American car. (I do all my own maintenance and help friends maintain their cars, so I see first-hand how my cars and how the Japanese and German competition are engineered.) FTR, I agree with you that the UAW deal stinks for Detroit. I'm just ALSO unconvinced that if the government paid Detroit $2000 for every car they sold that Detroit would be remotely competitive. So while they have a cost basis problem, that's not their only problem, not by a long shot. I upvoted you, because that's a great point on financial solvency. However, it doesn't address the long-run problem of how to take back market share from foreign competitors, which is the type of sustainable advantage that I presume Detroit needs in order to thrive. (I'll also observe that your QED was to a simple P&L equation, not to the thrust of my comment.) Did you read the article at all? Take the case of the breast cancer charity which, from the article, was pulling in $71mm from charity walks using his services. They stopped using his services and continued the walks and are taking in $11mm now. You might argue that several other variables might have also changed, but a 6.5x factor is hard to ignore. I'd delay the office as long as possible for almost all software-only shops. It's a PITA, a distraction, and an additional expense. Once you grow to a certain point and NEED the space, or if your home situation is too distraction-filled, then go get an office. Too many people are hooked on the idea "if I can work in my PJs, it must not be a real job". If that describes your (or your family's) opinion and you can't change it, you might have to, but look at an office as a necessary evil, not an indicator or predictor of successfulness. Edit: clarified that I meant renting real estate not just "the last" which could be employee or office. As a matter of practicality, any number in the $80K+ range will be fine, though you may feel better about paying yourself $100K given that the spread in taxes is under $1K/year (from 80->100). You can go below "normal"; you just can't go below "reasonable". I'd also set the comparable position as "web developer", not "CEO", as you can make a strong case that your primary function day-to-day is more akin to web-dev than to captain-of-industry. Another important thing to keep in mind, depending on your forecast need for credit: you may find it easier to qualify for a mortgage, to refinance, etc, if you have a higher base salary. Any amount by which you can get more favorable terms on a mortgage will likely BURY that $1K/yr in taxes. Sure you can substantiate with 2 years of tax returns, etc, etc, but that's going to invite human scrutiny, and in the current credit situation, I'd want to have the skids as greased as possible to have my application "look normal". In what way(s) do you think YC isn't open to older entrepreneurs? If anything, I suspect older entrepreneurs aren't as open to YC than the other way around. In my own case, if I wanted $20K in expenses for a startup, I'd login to e*trade and transfer it, or I'd write a check for it. Doesn't seem worth giving up 6% for the cash, though if I were intent on striking out on my own, I'd almost certainly talk to YC, to see if a "3% for $1 and advice/contacts" deal could be worked out. At least wait until one of those mega-lotteries gets to an EV of a unit wager is over 1.0. (Yes, I'm willing to let slip the NPV discounting, and buy tickets when the "advertised amount" makes it a +EV wager.) It's not just about status, but the people who would want the relatively higher income are correct, IMO. Abstract (fiat) money exists as a proxy for productive labor. If in one world an hour of unskilled labor costs $1, and in a parallel world, an hour of unskilled labor costs $10, I'd assume that world A's dime is worth world B's dollar, and all other things equal, I'd rather have a dime in world where everyone else had a penny than a dollar in a world where everyone had ten dollars. If I have relatively more money, I can pay people to do things that I don't care to do (rake leaves, remove garbage, grow food, whatever) much more easily than if everyone in the world has more money than I do...