Best book hands down for learning JS is called Simply Javascript from Sitepoint written by Kevin Yank and Cameron Adams. Justin.tv is alllll python. Not Ruby. Python baby. lynx, top, "curl -O " on my mac since it doesn't come with wget (who's dumb idea was that?) Thanks everyone for all of your info. Let me explain our situation and it might help some of you guys understand where I am coming from and where I am trying to go, as well as others out there in the same situation. Right now we're developing, as I mentioned above, in Django and use SVN for everything. We have DB's locally. From the get go we knew that there would be two major versions of our website. "Phase1" was fairly simple, the initial creation of the site and initial deploy into production. "Phase2" Was the next giant step, which was essentially (and we learned this as we went) going to be an entire redesign from the ground up. We pretty much touched every file, redesigned over half of our models, etc... So, we created a branch called phase2-development and continued working. This was a pain in the ass because we still had to run and maintain the older "phase1" code locally for bug fixes, etc.. as well as continue our future development of the "Phase2" code. We also ran into problems later on because we were fixing bugs in the trunk "Phase1" and not merging those as we went into our phase2-development branch. So at one point we spent an entire weekend merging code. We just launched our "Phase2" stuff a month or so ago, however, it wasn't all of the functionality we wanted in phase2 so we refer to it as phase1.5. Our head guy (more marketing/business xp. than tech came up with those names, so for all of us you can think of it as s/phase/version/g) So now we're about to dive fullspeed into actually completing phase2, and but we still need to be able to maintain and fix bugs on the production site. What should we do? I would rather not run two copies of the site but since the new development we're going to be doing is going to be even crazier than going from v1 to v1.5 so not sure if that's even possible. Should we just create anther branch and develop on that? I'm not even sure the correct questions to be asking here, maybe you guys can help me from what I've described :) Yeah, Capistrano is language exclusive, you can use it for anything. I have looked into it but never found it that exciting. I guess I need to revisit Capistrano :) Garrr. Yes, that's the word I was looking for. Thanks :) I vote HSBC as well :) I'm 18 and have worked for three startups in the past and am currently the lead designer on two. I really don't mean to brag by this, it just leads to my next point. Also, this doesn't fully pertain to programming per say because I am a front end designer, but hopefully this comment helps :) When I was younger, 14 or so, I really became fascinated with server technology, databases, the web, etc... I was just starting High School so I essentially had all the time in the world to dick around with linux and php and all of that jazz, and I did. I was REALLY frustrated until maybe 6 months ago with programming in general. I would try tutorials, and could follow along and do what was written, but it never made sense in my head. I pretty much dismissed the concept of being a programmer and stuck to what I feel is my talent, front end design. I build blogs atop Wordpress, dabbled with PHP, but never really became a programmer. In the summer of 2006 I joined my first startup and began working with a team of really, really talented and smart guys on a Django site. This is where I was first introduced to a real smart environment. I was in a place where I knew just enough to ask good questions to help me learn. It's now 2008 and although I am STILL not a programmer, haha, I feel I have a really good grasp on database modeling, basic functional programming, etc... I know PHP fairly well and am becoming familiar with Python because every major site I have built since that first startup in 06 has been Django :) Anyways, moral of the story is, a few years ago I could have never even dreamed of being where I am today. In the world of front end design and back end programming. I went from looking up to designers like Bryan Veloso, Steve Smith, Dan Cederholm, to actually feeling like I can sit at their lunch table and talk the talk with them. I still admire those guys of course, but now I feel like I am closer to them. So, my advice is to just dive into anything you can, just like you have. It really doesn't matter what language you learn first. Focus on learning the thought processes behind building something. You can write a book in spanish or english, the meaning will be the same. So focus on problem solving, finding solutions. Also, surround yourself with smart people. Stay passionate. If you're passionate about becoming a programmer, you will, and you'll do it the right way. The best way to learn something, hands down, is to just do it. Don't try learning PHP through tutorials on how to make a shopping list, start learning PHP by building the webapp you want to build :) This all kind of just spewed out of my mind, I hope it makes some sense :) Debian & Ubuntu for the win :) Nothin' beats apt-get! What's wrong with JSON? :) Idiots and Java developers made me lol. I kid, I kid. This is the best method right here, hands down. That's exactly the sort of thing I've been looking for. Thanks for the link man, appreciate it. Good question. I'm just a front end guy, so I am not exactly sure what we can and cannot do, or if we actually can do a lot of this stuff in both, etc.... But the developers tell me that Leopard offers a lot of animations and stuff (CoreSomethingSomething? haha) that Tiger does not do. Hahahah. Amazing. +1 for NO to Dreamhost. Hands down the worst web host out there. Go for a cheap VPS like Slicehost and roll your own. You have control over everything, and they have rock solid uptime. The startup I work for :) http://schoolrack.com We're extremely (this week) close to launching student and parent account types, so students and parents will be able to easily collaborate with teachers via the already existing features we've got, plus we're going to add a gradebook, discussion board, and quite a few other features. Paypal does this very easily online. Camino has to be one of the worst browsers I have ever used. I don't know what they are up to. In my mind, Camino should simply be Firefox with Webkit replacing the gecko engine... but it's not even on par with Firefox. One thing I hate about Mac in general is their hate for navigating solely with the keyboard. A lot of third-party apps do a good job letting you navigate using your kb only (such as cmd+1, cmd+2... to hit tabs in FF) but the last time I used Camino they were seriously lacking in that department. Clicking links with the mousewheel is also very important to me (to open in a new tab). I can attest to Paul's claims that this is a valid problem. Yes, a lot of bloggers do write whatever they feel and it just comes out real easy, but a lot of bloggers (such as myself) would love to have some sort of resource to find out what readers want to hear. Skribit is a great idea. I think it's still very young and has a lot of room to grow, but it's a terrific start and the first of its kind. Michael Whalen - http://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=whalesalad jokes. Eeeeeez. Meat space just sounds sooo wrong. Wow yes. We're never going to launch. ever. If there is one game I can play for hours on end, it was Diablo II. Cannot WAIT for this!!!! brianloveswords: Coda has to be the worst editor on the planet. It deserves no mention here. Seriously, it's the worst thing Panic has ever done. Ever. Sure it's pretty... but that's it. I'm seriously flabbergasted that people prefer Coda to Textmate. Re: Textmate vs. Emacs: It's like comparing Apples and Oranges. An orange juice producer will farm oranges, and an apple juice producer willf farm apples. To the man using Textmate on OS X, you probably code Javascript an CSS, and might dabble in Rails or vice versa. The guy using Emacs might be doing this as well, but there is a good chance he's a hardcore AI Lisp hacker. I am a web designer. I write CSS, XHTML, and JS. I deal with Django templates all day long, a web browser, and the remaining time is in the terminal. I'm more terminal oriented than most/all designers I know, but for the most part I am playing around in a GUI wonderland. I use Textmate. Textmate really truly is a powerful editor, I will not disagree. Textmate is hands down the best editor I have ever used, for all of the reasons you have suggested. But I won't deny that Emacs is probably also one of the best editors in the world. My CTO/Partner/best friend uses Emacs. He's a python hacker. He writes python all day long. He's got a Thinkpad running Ubuntu and quite a few terminal windows. He's doing a totally different kind of work, interfacing with the back-end mostly while I deal with the front end. He swears by Emacs. I tend to think of Emacs more like an OS actually... you can play games in it, browse the web, use your term, check your mail, and edit all kinds of crap. It's extremely powerful. The sumo package contains a TON of extra stuff. Anyway, no one can really say X editor is better than Y editor. Similar to the way a programmer will ultimately take on a certain language as his own, the same thing occurs with an editor. At some point learning or playing with a new editor is like learning a whole new language. Might as well get dropped smack dab in the middle of Spain, or throw out all of your Python/Ruby/insert-lang-here for Objective-C. It's the same kind of pain. But I do agree that bloatware crap like Xcode and Eclipse are simply... crap. Anyway hope some of that made sense. I might have gone off track a bit :/ For the record I am a huge fan of Textmate and use it religuiously. export EDITOR="mate -w" :) Everything else is vim though, haha, sorry Emacs lovers. So the big question everyone is asking is, now that this new release doesn't include Installer.app, what is the point? Would I still be able to SSH to my iPhone and run a tunnel to use it in a tether like fashion with my laptop? Horrible website. I'm seriously totally underwhelmed by their website, which seems half-assed and incomplete. The app looks alright, but Screenflow (which they interestingly used to record their screencast of their app) does the same thing. We've recorded dozens of usability tests using it, and it's been great. Silverback does, however, record mouseclicks and the various keystrokes though which is a nice thing to have. I like the interaction with the remote as well by the moderator. Yes, the site does its job and works fine, but this came out of clearleft. These guys used to be allstars a few years ago, so although the site is decent, it doesn't live up to what I or other designers might expect to see from Clearleft. It's nothing at all spectacular at all, and it even comes from themselves. Not like this is some client project, it's as though they didn't care at all. I still don't see the usefulness of :(tipjoy, let alone Twitter integration. Seems news.yc is getting more and more dupes these days, such as this one. Great article nonetheless, but it has been shared before :) There's a startup idea... give me concentrated data collected from various places on the internet (Reddit, YC, Digg, Del.icio.us, etc...) on a given topic. That's really what I want to see when I search for things like nginx, mod_wsgi, git, etc... My little brain tells me this doesn't exist yet... but surely correct me if I am wrong :) For the record I am talking about the entire interweb (as we know it through popular "social" websites like those aforementioned) not just entering the git tag into delicious. Ahh that explains it. I too agree it was an amazing app. The competition is pure crap. Elements of the interface aren't centered, padded, etc... just simple things like that were thrown out the window and the app is disgusting to look at and use. But now I know why :) The screenshots of this app are horrible. It looks like whoever made it didn't use native iPhone GUI elements... the corners and edges of the toggle between SSH // Telnet // Raw TCP look like total crap. The text for the nickname, port, etc... seems to be squeezed a bit and it appears blurred (unless of course this is due to a photoshop edit later on). And for $5... come on! PuTTY is free and open source, why isn't this too! I upgraded to 2.0.1 and lost all my jailbroken functionality in exchange for stable and bug-free core features. I'm definitely going that route again once they catch up and release their latest Pwnage tool. Pricey but I bought one. Mom's birthday is right around the corner and I love supporting a small and new startup. I have nothing whatsoever against Paul Graham, I really don't know too much about him and aren't one of the many on here who paste all of his articles onto the cube walls surrounding their toilet, and have read them dozens of times, etc.... blah blah. However... I do think that a lot of you are shutting Ted down simply because he said shit about PG. Ted is funny as hell, and pretty much everything he said in his "rant" is spot on. Personal note: I submitted this at +152 points here on news.yc, let's see how far it drops! Like Google after their earnings report? We'll see :) ^^ I don't understand why people say things like this. Clearly the interfaces that Apple has chosen for its products are succeeding. Succeeding in that they help Apple sell more things, and consequently succeeding because they are usable and people enjoy using them. Eventually these interfaces will become standard. I also dislike it when people whine about Vista looking like OS X, and all the mac people complain about XYZ looking like OS X. I can tell when someone is an Apple fanboy, and I can also tell (you sir) when someone doesn't like Apple at all and probably develops .NET apps in Visual Studio. Such radical users! Why can't we come together for the common good. If you don't like the interface, what might you recommend as an alternative? People are dumping Vista left and right for either XP or moving to OS X (as their reports will show, Apple is growing momentum! we all know it!) If you have an alternative then let's hear it but if all you are going to do is whine about it then it's not helping! Also, as a final note, Sproutcore isn't about the interface elements. You can change those with the swap of a PNG and a few lines of CSS. It's about the evolution of user interaction on the internet. Bringing the desktop-web void closer together. Seeing that capital "i" in the title hurts... I need eye bleach! Can we please, please start referring to the iPhone as it's actually called... _i_Phone, not Iphone or IPhone or I-Phone. Lowercase i, uppercase Phone. iPhone. I'm starting to think that News.YC does this automagically... someone help a brother out here. New design is heinous I think as a web professional I would want anything but this. I even tend to dislike using apt-get for every package on my server. Some things need a tender loving hand with careful consideration during configuration (I'm a poet and I didn't even know it). You can't really build a one-size-fits-all distribution for everyone. Sure you can get a basic LAMP stack setup, but 1) is that what you really want in a PHP situation and 2) not everyone is rolling a simple PHP website these days. If what you're trying to solve is the problem with "scalability" then a Distro isn't gonna help. A carefully constructed architecture and implementation is what will. I personally tend to shy away from a big cluster of apt-get installations in favor of installing certain things straight from source. You can bet that all of the huge sites out there are rolling their own too.. Facebook has their own version of Apache and so do companies like Yahoo. I think something like this might be good for simple in-house development and testing, but again, not everyone's needs are the same. I totally love server configuration, and oftentimes it gives me a real nice break from coding and designing. There is nothing more fun and satisfying than getting a new server up in just a few hours configured to the best of my abilities. Whateva hopefully these comments make sense. Been up all night and running on adderall and mcdonalds. Yeah, it's not the greatest technology but we're working real hard to improve it and have made great strides already. One of our biggest interface components is our tagger where you can get through your photos pretty quick adding and manipulating boxes on faces. Originally when we were talking about building it on other platforms, Qt was the main consideration. I really cannot see why this is useful at all. I don't understand the point, and the examples didn't make it clear to me either. I second this. CI is a great framework. It's by far the fastest PHP framework out right now, and has terrific documentation. If you're a PHP guy and know, as you said, that you can get this out fast and well in PHP then definitely don't try killing yourself to produce it in Python atop Django. However, if you're truly interested (and you've got the time! which you don't!) in Python then give it a go as Django is a marvelous framework. You'll probably also find that you prefer Python as a language as you become more familiar with it. Talk to the boys at 37Signals ;) Quite a bit of Basecamp is C++, not Rails. Debian and Ubuntu are both rock-solid, excellent choices for a server of any kind. I have all of the servers I work with running Ubuntu, with my own personal screw-off slice running Debian Etch. I have a great deal of experience with the older versions of Fedora (the consumer Redhat distro) and slight experience with CentOS. I'm fairly certain that majority of Linux webservers out there are running some Redhat variant. I personally prefer the Debian/Ubuntu approach and stick with that. Off the top of my head I know that all of the Mediatemple servers are running CentOS, and Digg runs Debian. I think like SwellJoe said, if you're thinking about FreeBSD for the sake of going with FreeBSD and not really knowing why, then you don't want to be choosing FreeBSD. The same goes for Gentoo. Gentoo is a great distribution, but it's not for the mainstream plug-n-play let's-build-a-webapp! type of person. Gentoo, although featuring a pretty nice 'emerge' package management system, is going to require more work from you in the beginning to get it to a desirable state. I guess there is no real answer to your question, Linux is fantastic in general as a web application server. Any distro with the base binary packages for a typical LAMP stack or even a (Rails|Django|Etc...)/Nginx configuration will treat you very nice until you reach the proverbial land of scalability. Once you see problems with your app, fix them. Don't worry too much about that right now. Also keep in mind that 99.99% of the time your application is going to be "distribution agnostic" so later on down the line if you decide you'd rather go with CentOS over Debian, or a BSD variant over Linux, you won't have any issue with that. I'd focus more on writing a solid application and getting a solid product out the door on any of the distributions that were mentioned by the wise hackers here on HN, learn what you like as you go. As you learn more about the way Linux works and you configure things to suit your needs, the various unique characteristics of each will become more clear, and your "distro of choice" will become more evident. Bottom Line : Go with CentOS or Ubuntu, and worry about these things as they become worries. Yeah I agree here. Putting that inside of your application and outside your web server config makes more sense to me. Especially using the reverse url matching, which is so amazingly wonderful ( especially when you give your url's unique names like user-account-settings and can simply do {% url user-account-settings %} and be done with it). Hat tip to obeattie.com for all my django template ramblings above ;) I think that the if you look at the cost vs the benefit this certainly leans on the side of being worth it. I don't think that this is entirely too complex, after all, this is Hacker News . It's a feature that I am sure many would enjoy, and a true hacker would rise to the occasion and try to implement it for all to play around with. Sadly I am a designer who merely dabbles with code, let alone something as high-level as Arc or Lisp. Also, and I mentioned this in my initial post but it might not be entirely clear, sometimes the stories I don't want to see aren't stories I plan on visiting. One technique would be just opening and quickly closing those links I don't have any desire to look at. The final reason I think that this could be useful, is that I tend to work across multiple machines, one or two at work and a laptop (which I am writing this on now) at home. It would help to flip those stories I have seen at work so that when I am at home, I can check out the fresh stories and not have to sift through stories I have already seen or have no interest in. Stepmoms' parents live just a few blocks from that blue evacuation zone on Brea Canyon drive. Crazyness. I wonder why he chose Mako as a template system as opposed to Jinja (django style). Looking at the Mako syntax.. it just doesn't make any sense. I'm running bleeding edge and project-wide search is fast as shit now.. been that way for quite some while actually. I do remember those pains, however. You can also look into a bundle called "search with awk" or something which uses awk instead and is much faster (cmd + shift + a, instead of cmd + shift + f). Heh. In terms of the marketing material and the data on the website, it reminds me an awful lot of the startup that I work for... iLovePhotos ( http://ilovephotos.com ). Very similar indeed.