One of the huge reasons for manual door control in fires is that the IR sensor to detect if something is blocking the door can't tell the difference between a person and smoke. Door opens up on a burning floor, smoke pours in, door refuses to shut, everyone gets stuck and dies. To the non-firefighters, this is why there are so many signs telling you do take the stairs. Power failures too. If you want a conversation between more than two people, Wave kicks everything's ass. And unless you're the kind of group that's comfortable with setting yourself up a phpBB, I can't even think of anything that comes close. Wave's problem wasn't that it's not useful, it's that nobody knew about it (of people I know, it had 0 adoption outside of computer geeks), and it couldn't integrate with desktop applications. A lot of us are stubbornly hanging on to Mail.app and Entourage because they integrate with our workflow better than web based solutions. If google had come out with a a desktop Wave client that worked with OSX's address book, photo libraries, etc, it would have had a lot more draw. That sort of integration is less expected on Windows, but I'm sure they could have come up with some compelling features that the website didn't offer. Why does your application request access to the photos and videos I've uploaded to Facebook? I'm fine with you having access to my Twitter information, but this seems unnecessary. Rent a storage unit or sell things you don't need anymore? But without controlling their software, Nokia's almost entirely surrendered control over their product direction to Microsoft. Contrast it to Apple, where having their own hardware and software lets them do things like the retina display upgrade. In Nokia's case, MS says "This is what the OS is capable of," and Nokia has no choice other than "Ok, we'll make a touchscreen with some buttons that comply with your interface conventions." They're going from a mobile phone company to a widget manufacturer. It's a position not very different from where Dell, Gateway, HP, etc have been in control of product design, but unable to innovate in ways that would really improve the customer experience. So they're relegated to hardware design (within some pretty narrow constraints) and differentiating their computers by loading some shitty bloatware on and saying " doesn't have a dock on all four screen edges like we do!" There's still money to be made in the hardware business, but it's not something I'd aspire to were I in the cellular industry. It's better than being put out of business, but Microsoft's lack of direction in OS design is likely to hobble them as they try to compete with Apple's ecosystem. I mean, WM7 tried to copy iOS 1 and say "Nah, you don't need copy/paste". Apple's continued to make progress toward a capable mobile OS, and MS still hasn't fixed it. Do you see them having a good chance at competing in the long run? My prediction: Nokia and WM7 won't be able to compete on features or design, so they'll compete on price. As the smartphone market portion continues to grow, a lot of it will be on the bottom end, with people moving from crappy featurephones to crappy smartphones. If they can find a market niche, it'll be the people who just say "I want a phone," and not anybody who knows or cares any more than that. Which is a pretty big market to be calling a "niche," but it's got slim profit margins. Maybe they can make up for it in volume. While I bought Minecraft with the understanding that it wasn't done and I was helping support Notch as he continued to develop it, it's not a practice I'd do for a non-game product. I've spent well over $13 on games and had them turn out to not be fun, or only amuse me for a few days. If Minecraft didn't pan out, I've barely lost anything. If it turns out well, it will be more than worth the money. Were it something important that I needed for my job, or were the cost less negligible, there's no way I'd throw a bunch of money at something and hope the inventor/developer/designer finished it adequately. If someone walked up to you and said "I'm going to build an electric car to compete with Tesla Motors, give me $80,000 and you can have the first one" what would you tell them? EDIT: Kickstarter too. I've invested small amounts of money in things that I think are worth supporting, with the hope that they get finished well. But I'm not counting on it. It's a risk vs reward analysis that I'm willing to try, but only on small scales. I'm sure it can be done (for the majority of cases) without editing any HTML by hand. iOS has text selection, so text styling and linking can work the same way it does on a real computer. For things like image arrangement, that's generally done via CSS by applying a class that already exists. Doesn't seem like there are too many challenges, we just need someone to go and do it and make it look nice. Magsafe goes up to 85W for displays and 15"/17" laptops. zlib didn't have licensing issues, it just wasn't fast enough I assume you mean the Blender 2.5 beta? The UI experience for Blender 2.4 and earlier was the least easy interface I've ever seen. Granted it's fantastic once you know how to use it, but good luck with that. It's BMW's car. You're not allowed to use that gas station. Has a law firm ever not bragged about how confident they are that they'll win? I think the biggest error is the insinuation that all nerds are computer nerds. While it fits me just fine, I know plenty of nerds of other varieties. Regarding small talk, I don't think it's a lack of a system of understanding so much as a side effect of the relevancy filter. All that stuff people are saying to me? It frequently sounds like "Nice weather outside blah blah blah blah." Small talk about something I find interesting is another matter entirely. Spotlight opens files, does math, and gives definitions. Quicksilver does everything. It's based on an object/action system where you pick an object and do something to/with it. There are all sorts of actions, from relaunching apps, deleting, emailing, or moving files, running scripts (I use get ip frequently), reading text, etc. It also gives fast access to some non-file things, like address book cards (right arrow to drill in to contact information, which let's you make new emails). There are addons for a lot of things like bookmarks for various browsers, mouse gesture triggers, Cyberduck bookmarks, etc. It's fantastic if you prefer a keyboard over mousing. Should we ever have that much energy at our disposal, I think we're pretty likely to annihilate ourselves with it Right, but if you travel there semi-frequently, it would be nice to not pay for it each time. Cheap relative to the airfare, but every bit helps. How does data roaming work on European carriers? For someone traveling from the US, there could be a significant cost to using data in another country. If Europe's prices are more sane, it might not be an issue. I've got the last revision before unibody, and god is it a pain to get to. You pretty much have to take apart the entire computer. CFL induction lamps might eventually resolve this, but at least for now they're priced out of the general market Get Google voice, and port your existing number for $20. It doesn't do MMS, but MMS alone isn't worth the cost of keeping a texting plan. How about Bulldozer sometime soon? I've been putting off my upgrades to see how it compares to Sandy Bridge, but that Q2 2011 launch didn't exactly happen. I bet most people don't care. On a dating site for "fellow nerds" though, it might not fly. Or those with high bandwidth costs. While $40 might be more expensive than a single download, if you know multiple Mac users in an area with small caps it might make sense to split one of these. I'm curious how (/if) the license ties in to the App store. Hopefully they don't make you tie it to a single account once your computer is running. I'm not sure if it removes it after installing, but you can probably just copy it to another drive beforehand if you're concerned. If authentication is handled like other App Store software, you may have to enter your apple ID and password to run it after it's copied, but there shouldn't be a limit on the number of computers. You can also pull the disk image out of the installer and make your own, rather than paying the $40 premium I don't know of any option for that built into the OS, but a number of third party tools can add it. Quicksilver triggers are my method of choice, since I'm running Quicksilver anyway. That would probably add more expense than it's worth. The yellow part isn't just a plastic color filter, the lights use what's called a "remote phosphor", where it's internally using high powered blue LEDs, which is then absorbed and reemitted in a wider spectrum at the yellow layer. There are a number of reasons for doing this, but the biggest ones are that it gives it a large and more diffuse emitting area, preventing the multiple shadows from exposed LEDs, and (IIRC) that the phosphors tend to be more stable when not integrated into the LED. Probably because these services won't be around forever. It's relatively common for online services to vanish, even the ones that had been extremely popular (Geocities, for instance), and if all of your data is locked in, you lose it along with the service. The Data Liberation Front seems to be trying to untie your data from the services that use it, because it's yours and can still be valuable to you after you've stopped using said service. I think their vision used to be "Be good at email and good for businesspeople" At some point, they said "Hey, these touchscreen things are doing pretty well, let's get into the consumer market." But they had no idea how, and they've been releasing weak phones on a weak software ecosystem ever since. On the other hand, if they'd stayed in their original market, I don't think it would work out much better. Doing enterprise features nicely is great, and could sell a lot of devices. But Apple's "touchscreen on a little computer" model is flexible, and all it would take is an enterprise focused software update from Apple or a few well written apps from a third party. Competing against Apple's vision and manufacturing skill is going to be difficult to do, and in the long run I don't see RIM being one of the companies that manages to do it. At least for the computer icon in Mac OS, they haven't historically changed without visible design differences. I doubt they would handle iPhones differently. I could also see it as retaliation for dropping all non-unlimited texting plans after iMessage was announced, or for changing iPads from unlimited data to 2 GB/month shortly after release. I know a few people still on the 3GS, out of contract, and looking for an upgrade. If the iPhone 5 came out on another carrier (especially with an unlimited plan), they'd be happy to jump ship. I'm ok with slow to react, it would be really handy to have a page sized E-ink viewer that text programs could push content to. I wouldn't use an ebook reader enough to make it worth the expense, but without having to include memory, buttons, or much of anything beyond a USB connection and screen, it might be within my price range. That sounds awfully expensive. Apple used to have some parts that were standard, but with the direction they've taken the Macbook Air, I don't think it's got a single one left. Both the 2.5" hard drive and the optical drive are gone. It's still made of standard components like the webcam and processor, but beyond some electronics it's all designed in-house. And the electronics may not stay standard on the low end, though I don't see them competing with Intel's chips in the Pro lineup. Windows 7 also has a screen calibration assistant, somewhere in control panel. IIRC it's not nearly as helpful, but if your screen's that bad you could probably improve it. And the RAM is soldered onto the motherboard now, without replaceable standard modules The candela is based on Watts, but weighted to adjust for human perception. While the "standard human eye" could be considered a physical artifact, we use experimentally determined photopic (in bright light) and scotopic (in low light) response curves, which are supposedly fixed. It isn't quite as fixed as some measurements since the average human's vision could continue to evolve and change the curve, or because we could find out that we measured it wrong, but it's not dependent on a single physical sample like the kilogram. But it's not clear that Instapaper is allowed to put the files in Documents. According to the Data Storage Guidelines cited in the article: 1. Only documents and other data that is user-generated, or that cannot otherwise be recreated by your application, should be stored in the /Documents directory and will be automatically backed up by iCloud. 2. Data that can be downloaded again or regenerated should be stored in the /Library/Caches directory. Examples of files you should put in the Caches directory include database cache files and downloadable content, such as that used by magazine, newspaper, and map applications. I don't know if this is something enforced in the approval process, but it seems like Apple's intention is for redownloadable content to all be stored in temporary, wipeable locations. SuperCard is one clone that picked up where HyperCard left off, with the extremely similar SuperTalk language. It fixed a lot of Hypercard's issues, like built in color support, access to native UI widgets, multiple windows, and the ability to create standalone applications. Updates added both OS X and Intel compatibility. But it's definitely a niche product, which we've seen isn't something Apple is interested in. Supercard.us is down right now, so I'm not sure whether it's on the market or not. As Apple has discovered, the vast majority of computer users aren't interested in creating software; they're content consumers. SuperCard probably got as much use for making quick mockups before building a "real" application as it did by amateur developers. One thing that I'll give HyperCard is that it made it easy for me to play around with programming while I was in elementary school. Today's programming tools are largely not that accessible. And no talking about Google products either, they're a big company and don't need the free exposure. Another link, since the tweet is devoid of content: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/york-times-email-li... They sent out an email saying subscriptions had expired to the wrong list But you'd be lucky if the ebook hardware keeps working even a decade after your death. And there's no way to inherit your grandfather's books to use them on another reader; he owned a license to read them and it's not transferrable when he dies. This one aspect of the lack of ownership that I find problematic, but you don't see discussed as much. The way things are going, you won't even be able to inherit someone's kitchen table because they'd bought a $500 license for their immediate family to eat off of it. Died? Factory repossesses it. Upside-down-ternet http://www.ex-parrot.com/pete/upside-down-ternet.html How about the ability to hide your friends list from people you aren't friends with? Though they are making that complaint about the PS3, because you used to be able to No, but it does mean that accredited hammers were only available for $100,000 and up, it would still make sense for you to buy one. The problem isn't that you can't get educated outside of the university education system. It's that people assume that someone with a college degree is educated, and someone without one isn't. I consider that no more accurate as assertions that grade school students haven't learned anything unless they can pass a standardized test, but I don't think there's an easy solution. For the near future at least, college degrees will continue to be the main criteria for guessing if someone's qualified for a lot of jobs. When I was in middle school, I had a short black and white photography class. For one assignment, we developed black and white images and then colored parts of them using kool-aid. I shot a stop sign and colored it red. The idea that http://davidsutherland.photoshelter.com/image/I0000jSgkaCbPa... would somehow infringe on my copyright because it's the same subject matter and coloring is absurd. It's not my picture. I understand it's popular at Yosemite to try to replicate Ansel Adams' famous photos. Can his estate claim ownership of all of those photos? It seems like a dangerous precedent to me. Old battlenet (before SC2) could disable CD keys in multiplayer, and was a level of DRM I'm ok with. People hack, and having a mechanism to ban them made sense. It doesn't have to come with all of the "single account tied to your purchase" or "3 hardware changes" that we're starting to see. I'm pretty much OK with CD-keys, and I tolerate Steam because it hasn't had serious problems yet, but anything else I tend to distrust. According to ARAHB distance records: Rank 3, 1,965.23 mi, April 19th 2009, PBH-9 (Cornell U/LM) last known position Rank 5, 1,259 mi, April 4th 2010, PBH-10