Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Possible Technologies: I mainly work with Python and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. Résumé/CV: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Y0r5j3yu5TUkLWMIeCr_rBef9uO... Email: See resume You may be talking about iodine: https://code.kryo.se/iodine/ You can host it yourself. Try the "track motion" feature, mind blowing doing that in the browser. One possible method: Write a script to request the site continuously and see if it fails to respond with any regularity. From there you can start dialing it in and determine what the rate limit actually is. A rate limit should be consistently reproducible unless it's implemented in a clever way. The nature of executive compensation is often different than rank and file employees. A common trick is to say "The leadership team took a 30% paycut, so the 10% paycut you are taking isn't so bad" however executive pay is often split between equity, bonus and base compensation with equity and bonus making up more than 50% of the total comp. Often when they say 30% they are talking about 30% of base. Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Possible Technologies: I mainly work with Python and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. Résumé/CV: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/contact/ Email: See resume Disqus was baked into the template I used for my blog so I kept it: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/weird-python-tricks/ It works well and is simple to implement. One hour later and 2151 in line ahead of me, talk about exponential growth. https://www.fastorslow.com/app/profile/244179fc-78d2-5cf3-8c... > allocation free algorithms Do you have any good sources for information about this concept? I'm having trouble understanding how a algorithm could produce useful work without allocating anything. locutusofb.org has not turned out to be a boon for me either. I'd volunteer to present on the QVC-for-software-demos livestream if such a thing existed. The question is, is it the exam developers task to produce software that works in the world as it is or the world as they would like it to be? If the latter this is a roaring success. As I understand a proportion of buybacks generally (maybe not at IBM) were financed by debt. If this was the case they would have to sell enough to cover the debt and interest first. My wife bought into one of these services, the $25 box we received contained about 10 - 15 dollars worth of produce from my local store but at a lower quality. It was also random and often contained undesirable items in large quantities (who needs 12 lemons for the week?, What am I supposed to do with 3 fingerling potatoes?). I used to work in food service and it was pretty obvious to me that they were sourcing items from Sysco or US Foods by the way the items were tagged and packaged. I think the shipping costs eat away any value you could expect from something like this. Even if Texas Instruments implemented SSL the fact that you went there would not be a secret to anyone who can see your packets due to SNI[0]. HTTPS is really only useful when you want to hide the contents of a message, not the recipient. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Name_Indication +1 for jetbrains. I prefer webstorm to visual studio myself and the licensing scheme is very fair. They aren't allowed to opt out, well except for Texas. I've had luck with digital ocean by sending friends emails (who have accounts at major providers) and having them mark it as not spam a few times over the course of a week or two. After that, it worked without issue. From my perspective the growth potential globally is massive, the majority of people on earth live on less than $2.50 a day. This can't be where we stop the wheels of progress. > The 25 vs 15 dollars issue means their business sucks unless they have a value add on top? As I am buying "less desirable produce" (from what I can tell it all came from normal cases that a restaurant would order, I think this fools some people as they aren't used to seeing produce that still has dirt on it and is less presentable like that) I would expect more of it for my money, not less. I understand they have to pay for shipping but it's not as if I don't have to go to the grocery store anyway, maybe I just don't see the value proposition, for us it just wasn't there. >If you were getting 15 lemons per week, maybe contract the vendor and try to address the issue? Even if the product was more evenly distributed it wasn't enough for it to provide value for me. That point was just the final nail in the coffin. If you have two solutions and the first solution requires humans behave in a certain manner (getting them to use high entropy passwords) and the second does not. The second is more secure. I've done something like this [0], postfix sends a nice rejection message the next time they try to connect. Ironically I've had people email me that rejecting their spam is filling up their inbox with error messages. [0] https://blog.tinned-software.net/permanently-reject-a-specif... The method you purpose is less secure as humans often use low entropy passwords even when you ask them not to. If you are building a system only for humans that use high entropy passwords (are you really willing to bet the farm on that just to save a couple clock cycles) or other machines it might work but I also see no benefit to that approach so you might as well just bcrypt it and call it a day anyway. >it’s not reasonable to demand universities operate at a loss to provide the remote education at a rate less than it costs them to operate I feel its not reasonable to ask students to pay more than fair market value for what they receive regardless of operational costs. They should refund up to what similar online schools charge today. If it costs the auto dealer as much as a new BMW to deliver a used Toyota, that isn't my problem I'm only paying used Toyota pricing or I'm taking the matter to court. I can more easily change grocery stores than I am able to change colleges. Credits aren't often 100% transferable, also a degree from another school may be less valuable but also less costly, therefore the money I already spent on the more expensive degree may be lost. In my case this isn't it. What happens is during the connection process the server on the other side first announces what email its sending from, at that point my server responds with a reject message and closes the connection. I don't think my server even sees the subject or body. My server doesn't send a email, but instead that email is generated by the sending server to let the user know the message was rejected. This error message is often delivered to a catchall account, they are often configured with small mailboxes, that box fills up, throws alerts and ticks off a sysadmin somewhere. I only do this in cases where it's easier to SSH into my box and configure it than unsubscribe, and never to random address spam as that is wack-a-mole and futile. I think the sending servers may also be misconfigured to get around greylisting. As sometimes they will try repeatedly to deliver to me. My server dutifully rejects each attempt and the messages pile up on the other side. Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. I like Python and Flask. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: No Technologies: I mainly work with Python, Java and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. I have a good bit of devops skills but I'm looking for software engineer roles at the moment. Résumé/CV: https://resume.willcipriano.com Contact: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/contact/ Weevs AT&T 'hack' (unsecured api) is the first thing that comes to mind. With infinite scrolling what's a page? If compared to European countries the US has higher wages generally, is it possible this effect is due to wages in those economies being at or near the wage floor already? >This is widely cited as the reason that teachers earn less than other professions, and why garbage collectors earn more. Looks like the median pay for garbage collectors is $37,840[0] and for teachers it is $59,420[1] [0] https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes537081.htm [1] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/education-training-and-library/mobil... This is the sort of thing that I see and I feel disappointed that I didn't come up with the idea myself. Great work. It would probably be hard to find a rental during that period, as legally you wouldn't have to pay to occupy the space. Though landlords might be cash strapped enough to let you move in to get the down payment. I have a personal license, you can absolutely subscribe without a company. > interns > more than 10 years ago How that looks to me: Wow, that application has provided so much business value (over a decade worth) despite being designed by less experienced software engineers. PHP must be a great language. Years ago I took a job that was headquartered outside of my state. Did a phone interview or two and then got a offer letter by email that I accepted. A couple of weeks later they flew me out to the HQ for my first day paperwork and to meet everyone. When I arrived they had a number of contracts that I had to sign as a condition of employment, I was in a position to agree with them but made a mental note that in future I should get a copy of any contracts that I am going to be required to sign on the first day before accepting a offer. It would be terrible to give notice at a job and then on the first day at the new role be given a contract that you have concerns about. I ask "Before I accept a offer of employment, would it be possible to see any contracts, employee handbooks, etc I would have to sign on my first day?" and you would not believe the push back I get from that question. I often hear "We don't share our employee handbook" or things to that effect. I explain that it is impossible to evaluate a offer that has terms I can't see and often the interviewer shrugs their shoulders and tells me that's just how it is. I guess it works to weed out the jobs with bad terms. However I have a hard time seeing how any of this is enforceable from a legal perspective. > But if a candidate is motivated to take a job because they get to use shiny new technology, i would suggest that they are not, in fact, a good candidate. In my experience the tech stack is good indicator of how technology is viewed at a company. Java and C# shops I have encountered are very process driven, bureaucratic firms. In my experience they are management focused as opposed to tech focused. Where firms that use Python, Node, Haskell, Rust, Go, etc tend to be more tech forward. The reason I want to use "shiny new technology" is because I want to work at the latter as opposed to the former, I'd be happy to write C or PHP even at a tech focused firm but I rarely see jobs like that advertised. I may not be using the best terminology, but what I am talking about are firms where the majority of players consider themselves "non-technical". I haven't found these to be pleasant places to work or places that particularly value software engineers. I wish to work in places where my contributions can be understood and valued by the people I work with. In my experience, if the workload supports it multiprocess works well in Python. The overhead for a new interpreter is cheap and this sidesteps the GIL issue. If you require communication between your 'threads', ZeroMQ(ØMQ) makes this simple and fast. Not the OP but I think it's essentially a event driven system as opposed to real time. Think of a account with $0 in it. 1. A -$25 event comes in 2. A +$50 event comes in 3. A -$25 event comes in The first event would fail in a transactional/real time system, but in my bank it doesn't. This tells me the balance is only calculated every once in a while. The balance you get in a app is only a estimate. This makes sense when you think how slow bank transfers and using paper checks is. At some point it is decided to run the events "for real" and that's where overdrafts and the like are applied. Don't think of them as transactions, instead it's a transaction request that can be rejected. In the US they clear overnight, as I understand (from a previous hn post I can no longer find) it's a big sftp server and flat files. For MongoDB in Python I once had to construct a list of two dictionaries containing dictionaries themselves with various two and three character magical key and value names (eg. $gt) in order to query a collection by date. If that's intuitive I'd hate to use something unintuitive. Oh and MongoDB Compass is a dumpster fire. Query takes too long? Too bad it will time out with no option to let it complete. Also I get to write my query in JSON in compass then I have to convert that to native Python objects if I want to use it from there. With SQL I copy my query from datagrip, inject my parameters and call it a day. I forgot the best bit, if your query has a subtitle mistake most often you simply get no records back where a similar mistake in SQL throws a helpful exception. I got the impression from friends that it was a worse situation in India with relieving letters[0], the way it was explained to me you needed your current companies written permission to start a new job and that is frequently abused. [0] https://workplace.stackexchange.com/questions/20945/what-is-... Similarly, as I understand it In the US most noncompete contracts are actually unenforceable due to the concept of consideration[0]. Every noncompete I've signed offered me nothing of value in exchange for my agreement, they weren't part of the negotiation process and were simply presented with the health insurance and other forms on my first day with a implied "sign this or you don't have a job". However that wouldn't stop someone from calling your new employer and threatening to sue. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consideration To an EMT doing chest compression on a dying man is a menial task, but if I did it I would probably bore my family and friends with the tale for the rest of my life. We may be talking about different things. Executives often negotiate a contract that contains a noncompete. That noncompete has clear consideration as it was negotiated as part of a total deal of employment, theoretically the employee is more highly compensated for this term of the contract. However rank and file employees are often not presented with the noncompete contract until their first day of work after salary negotiations have already taken place and the position accepted. Such an agreement probably isn't enforceable[0] as far as I can read[1] as it's hard to argue its part of the employment contract as the contract is signed after you are already employed and have reported for your first day of work[2]. If it was a employment contract it would've came attached to the offer letter. [0]"Performance of existing duties is not good consideration" - https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consideration [1]"The very basic requirements are that the non-compete must (1) be in writing; (2) be part of an employment contract; (3) be based on valuable consideration; (4) be reasonable in scope of time and of territory; (5) not be against public policy." - https://lincolnderr.com/is-my-non-compete-enforceable/ [2]”One of the most common reasons that courts refuse to enforce Non-Competes is that employers make the mistake of obtaining the agreement from an already-hired employee without providing the employee with anything of value in return. Generally, such agreements are unenforceable because the employee did not receive any additional “consideration.”" - https://macelree.com/the-top-10-mistakes-with-non-competitio... The point is it has a chilling effect[0], fast food restaurants aren't having employees sign noncompetes[1] because they think they have specialized knowledge, the purpose is to reduce churn and therefore training costs. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chilling_effect [1] https://www.foodandwine.com/news/fast-food-non-compete-agree... Presumably you'd want to retrain the model from time to time and that would require the original material. >I have such a hard time to understand how the risk vs. reward ratio for pulling this stunt made any sense. Classical economics likes to think of firms as rational entities working to maximize profit over the long term. In my experience that makes much of what companies do inexplicable. Instead I view firms as large groups of individuals all acting in their own self interest, this seems more complex but really all you have to know is what the incentive structure is to understand the choices a company makes. Similarly I've found you can also do this in reverse. It is a virtual certainty that from a compensation perspective moving to SMR was better for the individuals who made that choice. Ghost supports tables via markdown. You can embed SoundCloud and YouTube natively for audio. As for gifs and comments here's a link to my ghost blog with a gif as well as comments(disqus) https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/weird-python-tricks/ Embedding third party services may go against the values of some Richard Stallman types, for me however it enables me to host behind cloudflare with a $5 a month digital ocean droplet and not have to worry about getting hugged to death. I can live with the tradeoff.