> Adobe has no intention of ever announcing an EOL for Flash That's irrelevant, Adobe is known for keeping dead products afloat. The Flash platform is gracefully becoming another Director or Cold Fusion which are still being sold. Poor Objective C, nobody likes you. http://www.tiobe.com/index.php/content/paperinfo/tpci/Object... I agree, but if you consider the success of Chrome OS it's clear that for a lot of users a simple OS is more than enough for their computing needs. It's actually just one guy behind Sublime. Probably the reason why it is sinking. It's actually just one guy behind Sublime. Probably the reason why it is sinking. What do you use CUDA for? Could you post the link of your blog? I'd love to read about that. Well, since you are a developer you don't have so many performance of hardware requirements. The pro user described in the article doesn't really apply to you. > who should Apple cater to more? That's the real question, and of course we will all be biased here. For someone like you it's fine that you can't (for example) get the latest GPU technology, but for someone that works on digital effects that is a very real issue. It is a fact that Apple used to cater to such audience before, and the whole point of the article is if Apple is leaving that audience behind or not. Thanks, there are plenty of great tips! I'm in the market for a powerful desktop and I considered getting a 2012 Mac Pro. It would be awesome if the 2016 Mac Pro was a tower design. Alas, we can only dream. That would be awesome, unfortunately it is not possible yet. http://www.highpoint-tech.com/USA_new/series_RS6361A_specifi... > Supported PCIe Cards: Any Thunderbolt Aware PCIe cards including Audio, Video Capture, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, and Storage/RAID controller cards No GPU support. Interesting! Maybe this will replace GSAP in my projects if it has better performance. Voluntary newspeak Visual programming is exploding in Unreal Engine with Blueprints to define in-game behaviours. https://docs.unrealengine.com/latest/INT/Engine/Blueprints/i... I for myself think visual programming is not really programming, since by following that train of thought any GUI like Photoshop Actions could be considered programming. Thanks for the link. First time I hear about ShiftIt. About moving to folders with the keyboard I use Alfred which is a spotlight replacement and it has history of commands. You could even have your own extension (called workflows) to customise this as you wish if you know a bit of coding. Check it out, it's extremely powerful: https://www.alfredapp.com/ > The inability to search within the current folder is also a joke! You can search in the current folder. It's a setting in Finder > Preferences > Advanced > "When performing a search". Yes Sublime is more responsive, but for me it's just a minor annoyance. The benefits of a community over a one man project who has a tendency to disappear are more than evident IMO. That must be why there is a new forum. :) Everything. The design and the code seem to be from 10-15 years ago. I agree. It's one of the things I always change on a new Mac or OSX install. You can change that behaviour in System Preferences > Mission Control > Displays have separated spaces. It doesn't make much sense that the options is there... Windows 10 is much more optimised than OSX. In my experience it runs faster and uses less memory in the same hardware. But yeah, it's ugly, and it lacks things like Spotlight or Quick Look which make your life a lot easier. Try to eat a steak with a hammer, and then argue that hammers are terrible. No shit Sherlock! Don't use inheritance to solve all your OO problems. Ever heard of Design Patterns? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Design_Patterns My theory is that Apple does not want to be seen as trailing behind Microsoft Of course one can interpret things in any way... What if instead a Mercedes representative had said: > People with cheap 5 year old cars is sad Just before presenting its new car? Would you think the same? What is this group the author mentions? > Chrome has had such a problem with performance they formed a special group just to work the problem, but in nearly two years time that group has yet to produce anything tangible. People from all over the world volunteered to fight against fascism in the Spanish Civil War. It is estimated that about 35,000 people joined the international brigades. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Brigades This always makes me think how much the world has changed. Can you imagine travelling today to a foreign country ready to die for fighting oppression? I have never seen such kind of conviction in my life. So how fast is this compared to jQuery? Has anyone done a jsperf? I found this one, but it's from 2014 so I'm not sure it's the same Cash. http://jsperf.com/cash-vs-jquery-add So you pay $600 and you can't even turn that off? And I thought free to play was bad... > Miguel Arias Cañete, wife of a current Spanish minister and European Commissioner Nope. It's the man himself, not his wife. leakception Spot on. The problem is being able to influence things in a creative way. https://youtu.be/u6XAPnuFjJc I'd rather be the captain of my small pirate ship than a cog in giant battleship. But I'm in my mid 30s now, maybe that will change when I get to 40. That was what I was pointing out... Sounds plausible, but why not even release an upgrade to the outdated GPUs or the CPU? The current 15'' rMBP is faster in single core operations... It's really strange. A lot of effort was put into that Mac Pro and it's components. Maybe sales were not as high as Apple expected? I find it hard to believe. iOS is not ready for prime time and Apple refuses to create a Surface like device and merging iOS with OSX. We need a Netflix for content. You pay a (reasonable) monthly subscription and they pay each content provider depending on number of views. Prime time, as in being your main OS. > Basically like Prime video, just for text. Or Netflix... Interesting, although paying and deciding which article to pay for seems tedious. I think a subscription model with an "eat as much as you can" model would be much more attractive. So why is Linux everywhere? Is it only because it's free? Octodad anyone? Awesome work Evan! I've been using Vue for a new project and it's a joy to use. It makes a lot more sense to me than any of the alternatives. I recently spent a few weeks with it and decided to not use it for a cross platform mobile app I'm working on. 1) The documentation seems good at first, but some parts are outdated and I did find myself stuck with it a number of times. iOS and Android docs are lightyears ahead. 2) The code editor in Xamarin Studio for OSX is mediocre. I've tried using VSCode instead but intellisense didn't work. I imagine using Visual Studio must be a lot better. Both Xcode and Android Studio are much better in my experience. Maybe with the upcoming C# IDE from JetBrain this will change. 3) You need to learn iOS/Android development anyway. Xamarin Forms works well for prototypes and such but in the end you need platform specific UIs and libraries. So you need to do the leg work in the native docs (Swift/Java) and understand how these APIs/languages work and be able to "translate" those to C#. It's double the work compared to writing directly in native code. 4) The community around Xamarin is minuscule. If you get stuck there isn't much material out there to help you compared to native iOS or Android. Also in my short experience their forums were not very helpful. I imagine with an expensive corporate account with dedicated support that must be very different, but for a solo developer it feels like you are on your own. As much as I like C# as a language I really don't see the point of Xamarin in my case. I started learning Java/Android form scratch and I'm having better results in less time. I will have to work more to get both iOS and Android, but I won't feel miserable and the dev experience in OSX will be awesome with first class tools. I'd say Xamarin would be perfect for someone that already knows how to develop for iOS and Android but hates working with Swift and/or Java, loves C#, and has access to Visual Studio in Windows. I found that too a few weeks ago. I ditched Xamarin and moved to Java. Isn't Core M a tablet chip? Yeah why not? Let's reinvent the wheel every fucking time. I'm sure your clients and your family will love that. Are you sure? They seem to advertise offline persistence for both mobile and web. https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/#key_functions So how would one address server side logic? Like for example doing something with the data before sending it to the client? From what I've seen, all backend duties are implemented in a server acting as another client to Firebase. Usually a Node server since Firebase has provided a JS SDK from the start, but I've seen implementations in all major languages. You either implement some cron task in that server that periodically makes stuff with Firebase, or you use an endpoint in Firebase and use it a task queue for the server. I'd would be great if someone with more experience could provide more info on how these backend duties are performed. Edit: see this for more info https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/firebase-talk/r4d5H7... Um... what about this? https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/web/offline-capabi...