Yeah, most of the time when someone talks to me about gas mileage, they're interested in better mileage in order to save money or conserve gas, not to go further between fill-ups. So phrasing it as a 33% vs 18% savings hides that you actually save more gas, and so more money, going from 14 to 17 than 33 to 50. The last one is an issue, actually. The space invader one is the extreme case: it's already a shadow. And the border tricks for triangles are also shadow-resistant. In addition to portability for when you do need/want it, like others mentioned, just plain saving space. If I didn't still want to play the occasional game of Civ V with high graphics settings, I'd love to ditch the tower that sits next to my desk at home. Most web apps have a very low bar of good enough when it comes to language requirements. Especially when solid frameworks have already been written for alternative languages. Right now I'm doing Rails—Ruby isn't the absolute first language I'd choose, all things being equal, but it's good enough that I don't have a lot of motivation to use something else. (Previously, though, I was doing work on ancient Java servlets apps without any additional framework. That was frustrating enough to make me look for something else!) Facebook is already quite (but not perfectly—the big thing I've noticed is that the non-chat "messages" part of FB requires going into the FB app) well integrated into Windows Phone. And unless they have some truly groundbreaking interface ideas, I'd also rather see them continue to work more with MS on integrating into and pushing that platform, rather than introducing yet another one. Also, does RIM have particularly nice phones, hardware-wise, these days? Another reason I'd rather see them work with MS is that then anything particularly cool they bring to the software side could run on gorgeous Nokia hardware. From the link in that paragraph to the Facebook App Center page, it sounds to me like they're referring to the Facebook platform itself as an OS. Which I suppose is fair in a way, with all the services it offers, but it's hardly a mobile phone OS in its current state. When were they not cool? As a teen in the late 90s, everyone I knew had a discman. (Mine was bright orange, and got plenty of comments on how cool it looked. :) ) If it works well enough, of course it will be cool. Once everyone has one to get shit done with, "cool" will be one of the biggest differentiators to determine which one to get. If it doesn't work well enough, then it will be the new Newton—and even then, here we are 20 years later, and tablets are cool. I took my math and CS notes in LaTeX because I hated writing and wanted everything together in files that I had source control on, but I definitely didn't find it faster to type in the equations than write them out by hand, even with a fair bit of practice at Emacs keyboard shortcuts for common stuff. The Subscribe by Email floater is what drove me batty, on a laptop. Stuff floating to the left not apparently docked to anything should move when I scroll! Edit: it's a good list, though. Content > presentation, when it comes to actual reading material. That's the sort of thing that would make me strongly consider ending the interview, at least if I was going to be working directly for the interviewer. No need to waste more of their or my time than necessary, and I really wouldn't like working in that kind of insulting environment. And from a probably-immature perspective, the feel of power from being the guy saying "sorry, I'm not interested anymore" instead of hoping they call you back is nice. Or, if I was really annoyed: bust out some Common Lisp for the next problem, then leave. "He's holding it wrong." I don't have particularly large hands, yet have no issue with 4.3" screens. I wouldn't go back to anything smaller—the larger text (or ability to fit more text/contents of the same physical size) is worth the occasional thumb stretching (not that I have a lot of reason to ever reach to one of the top corners on my screen, anyway). That's certainly true as far as perceived size goes, but I don't find it practical at all. There's a big usability difference between, say, reading while holding my phone at arm's length while resting my arm on a table and having to hold a smaller phone closer to my face to get the perceived font size to be the same. Holding stuff closer to your face just isn't as pleasant. As far as power-users go, how far back does that really go? My exposure started with Windows 2000. It was fantastic. It made me ditch Mac OS 8.x full-time instead of just maintaining a 9x box for games. XP wasn't horrible either. Sure, after that things stagnated for a long time—and that led me to dally again with Macs and eventually switch back to OS X for my main machine—but after the initial kinks were worked out Vista and 7 added some much-needed things (especially 7, UI-wise). But I agree that the "death of Microsoft" stuff is tiring. Personally, I'm pretty excited to see how this goes, since I like what MS is doing to bring touch-centered concepts to the desktop, and really don't like the direction Apple is going with Lion/Mountain Lion. I just wonder if MS will iterate quickly enough—Apple's release cycles may put a lot of pressure on them to get an "8.1" out the door very quickly with the kinks worked out. Well, I don't think ME and Vista fit anything like the same pattern. Vista was an extremely messy release but nevertheless brought several big underlying improvements. ME didn't. It wasn't a "tick" at all. Trying to fit it and Vista into the same pattern is getting too pattern-happy. And even in the consumer space, how long do you have to go back before ME to find a dud? Windows 2? A visual environment for a text-based language can get you a long way. Intellisense makes learning a lot of things about a new language without any external documentation very practical. The earliest I had Google (or any) maps on my phone was 6 years ago. I don't see Samsung coming out and phrasing it like that in the linked article or in its linked Linux Foundation release. I think the "Constraints are Good" slide is massively oversimplified. Especially the "editors vs IDEs" and "primes vs zooms" bullets. Just for one example: stepping through an IDE's debugger, integrated into the code editor, to track down a problem is incredibly handy. It's a habit I picked up while living in Eclipse doing Java work, and why most of my Rails work is now in RubyMine instead of Emacs like it was when I was in school. And sure, if I had unlimited resources, and wasn't annoyed at all by having to carry around a bunch of primes, and could change lenses in an instant (or was carrying four different bodies too), I'd rather have a set of excellent primes than a zoom. Very much like how I'd love to be able to integrate (and possibly write myself) a bunch of services to perfectly fit my problem instead of using a framework. But it just isn't very practical for a lot of areas. And then the problem changes, and the purpose-built solution to be adapted... and then this happens a few more time and how perfectly have you maintained your original separations of concerns? I don't see the buttons on Chrome before scrolling on my 13" MBP, but since I'm stubbornly sticking to 10.6 I did get a nice big scrollbar to let me know to scroll down. :) Well, you shouldn't. So it's a good name! I don't think they're making the right case in that response. It should be focused solely on the "this should be allowed by Apple" argument, because telling users that it's not illegal doesn't matter when it's Apple's store and Apple's rules, for better or for worse. They say that the encryption around AirPlay streams appears to primarily be there to prevent third parties from creating applications that work with AirPlay—so it's easy to assume that Apple wouldn't approve of something they tried to prevent. Is releasing something you know will get kicked out the best approach to take when you can't provide an approved solution? Maybe, if you think the resulting discussion and PR is your best chance at getting things changed... but then, again, you need to keep your message perfectly focused. Claiming that they didn't violate any agreements feels too defensive to me. EDIT: and it's not just this response... initially they professed something much closer to ignorance/surprised innocence over the removal, while it now looks like there wasn't much reason for any surprise. Well, car manufacturers have certainly not been very aftermarket-friendly with their center stack over the past decade. It might actually be fairly similar after all: Want a custom stereo in your new car with a fancy center stack setup with a non-standard-size stereo and possibly even integrated AC/heater controls? You're going to have to jump through a lot of hoops. Want software with more functionality than Apple exposes to developers? There's always jailbreaking... In neither case has there been a substantial consumer backlash. Go look at a car from the 90s with a DIN or double-DIN stereo, then go look at one from the past five years, where the prevalence of nonstandard sized stereos has gone way up, as has the complexity of how tightly coupled they are to the rest of the car. Those are the hoops. I don't think the manufacturers are upset at all that one of the side effects of this trend has been to make aftermarket head unit installs a lot less convenient. And I don't know any manufacturer that will sell you someone else's head unit as an aftermarket piece. It's up to you to find out how to take everything apart and fit something else in there on your own, or to find someone who knows—basically, jailbreaking your dashboard. Except you generally lose stuff (like steering wheel controls), while I hear jailbreaking is pretty painless these days. Edit: Apple's app store isn't some third party stereo store, it's a store owned by the manufacturer itself. And car manufacturers are famous for having highly priced proprietary replacement parts, especially when it comes to electronics like stereos, if you aren't willing to deal with an outside store/brand. I really don't see any way Apple's less flexible with the iPhone than a car manufacturer is with their cars. For my first ten years of school, I was at a small private Christian school that taught science from a series of "Science for Christian Schools" books. The world was only thousands of years old, etc. It's not a strawman. But it only tells them that it failed, not that they got closer, like with the string-comparison based one. What does that gain an attacker if you already provide other feedback about the request being invalid? And not doing so would result in a bad user experience if you have users run into a bug somewhere and it fails silently so they don't know that nothing was actually done. For the standardized test discussed in the article, it says the human graders gave three minutes, on average, to reading each essay. These tests are not wanting art. Writing one of these essays is no more art than writing a basic linked list implementation. It's not concerned with how good a writer a kid is, but that the kid can write at all. Edit: basically, the sheer scale of the grading required for a standardized test means that it's never going to be a real test of writing skills. It wouldn't surprise me if overly skilled writing is actually a negative even with the human grader—I could easily see a rushed grader misreading something clever and giving it a low score. (The wisdom or effectiveness of these tests in the first place is a whole different discussion.) Could you elaborate on how you think their site's experience leaves much to be desired despite being highly functional? I'm having trouble thinking of any time when I thought to myself "boy, I hate the process Amazon makes me take to do this task" and isn't that really what it's all about? Oh, good point, this is definitely true. I have Prime, but Netflix is so much easier to find stuff on (or even remember that there's stuff there to find) that I've never used any of the included free Amazon video stuff. It's broken on Chrome 19.0.1084.56 on OS X if you open it in a new tab in the background with middle click. Plain black page, arrow keys/space changes the number indicator in the URL, but shows no content. Edit: and on a related note, personally I really dislike the trend of posting slides for review outside of the context of a presentation. As something to click on from the front page here, or to bookmark/print for future reference, a plain page with a list that you'd just scroll up/down normally instead of separate slides would be much handier. Somewhere I think I still have an "Imaginary Engineering" t-shirt from a couple of years spent as an IE major. Learned some fascinating stuff that was quite useful after switching to CS and has also been quite useful in my career. It's fascinating, in retrospect, the things people will come up with to try to make themselves feel superior. Padmapper actually does provide their own listing service (that currently goes to Craigslist, though): http://www.padlister.com/ That said, Craigslist UI is terrible for finding apartments, and Padmapper is a fantastic improvement, so I'm very unhappy with this development. "devices we use constantly, all day, probably some absurd number of times per hour" So, they're like phones, then. ;) When I was a teen, my peers and I used our phones (some of them even were landlines) constantly. But the fashion attribute was minimal, and the functionality was pretty much identical regardless of brand. Not that that kept me from feeling immeasurably cooler than everyone else when I got a nice and tiny Nokia 8290... Yeah. Sports teams, stores, schools, authors, movies, music, foods... I think it's harder to come up with categories I've never seen fanaticism over... Welp... Pogue's point is really proven now. Whatever happened to the matte-ish finish used on some late-90s-and-on CRTs? I had some with way less glare than my MBP, and, being a CRT, about as perfect black levels as you're going to get. When it comes to how much code you can keep in your head, do you really keep the boilerplate there? Whenever I've used Java and had to attach an ActionListener or whatever, I don't think of it as being an anonymous class with a single method, I think of it as just the logic in the method when I'm reasoning about the program. It is a pain to write if you don't like having to let the IDE do everything for you, though. There is probably a simple explanation, but I'm stuck wondering why a pixel-doubled image looks worse than that same image at native resolution on a lower resolution screen? Why doesn't "combining" four pixels into one make it look the same? Windows has been scaling to various DPIs for ages (sometimes to undesired out-of-the-box resulsts, such when, a few years ago, I plugged in an XP desktop to an HDTV over HDMI and it tried to make the fonts display at the same physical size as on a monitor despite me sitting much further away). It's something it (and Linux, and Android) has ahead on the curve of compared to Apple—from an engineer's perspective, just going with doubling is a rather inelegant solution. XP wasn't very good at it when it came to third-party apps, but on Vista or 7 (I forget which I was on back then now) once I got the DPI slider in the right place for that TV, it provided a quite enjoyable experience, even on older or non-standard apps. $40/night? I don't personally know anyone in Menlo Park, but know people with places to themselves in/very near SF for $1200/month. Even with rent going up lately, $1200/month for not even a private bedroom? If 5mph (or 1mph over) over becomes the new 10mph over, I assume that everyone would adjust. I go 10mph over all the time, I go 15mph over less frequently, and 20mph over less frequently still. (And, of course, the real thrust of the post you're responding to was a desire for autonomous vehicles.) That said, I think most current speed limits are too low, so I wouldn't like having to drive 5mph over instead of 10mph over, but I'm not terribly worried about it: I doubt that technological changes will be perfectly handled by legislation initially, but I expect things to work out to a serviceable state eventually. How are we supposed to separate the responsible, safe 100mph drivers from the irresponsible and unsafe ones? In most part of the US, practically everyone has a car and has to drive on the highway, so the cheapest, simplest solution is to set a limit that applies to everyone. I'm not convinced it's a particularly burdensome requirement, either. The faster you're going, the more the dangers increase, and I know too many people who, unlike you, are not safe drivers at high speed to be in favor of making it more accepted for them to drive 100mph in most places (though I have no problem with the 80mph, or potentially higher in the future, speed limits in certain parts of middle-of-nowhere Texas). The real world is quite addictive for a lot of us. Apple's approach requires you to have multiple devices to get both the tablet and full-on-workstation experience. I don't want multiple devices. I want a single device that can adapt to different uses—the Surface tablet looks just about perfect as a starter laptop replacement to me. I'm hoping it'll do to my MacBook Pro what the MacBook Pro did to my desktop PC: relegate it to infrequent use for a few specialty cases that need a bigger screen or the full laptop form factor or something. That's a good question, and mirrors my own frustration with post-10.6 Mac OS X trends... I guess since I basically never use the Start menu, I just haven't gotten the impression that it will particularly change my desktop Windows interface. I believe both companies see increased convergence for 90% of use cases down the line, and Microsoft's just making a more dramatic transition. I can see the argument that it's premature to make the big jump at this point, before there's a Metro app ecosystem or anything (and I'd be very antagonistic towards any dramatic changes to the non-Metro interface, since for the things I use my PC for, I don't want Metro), but I can also see an argument that it's better to make the painful transition early. And I'm gradually just resigning myself to the fact that the things I want a computer for aren't the same as most people's... so whoever provides the least-painful way to still get power-user stuff done in a "Post PC" world will get my money. I'm very intrigued about running Lightroom on a Surface Pro and tossing it in my bag with my camera... Any time I've bought a memory upgrade for a MacBook I've been annoyed by that strategy. At least back in the day "Lombard" or "Pismo" or "Wallstreet" was more memorable than "Early 2011." Additionally, the iPhone and iPad seem poorly suited for this strategy due to the way they sell old models side by side with new ones. Will they just sell the "iPad" next to the "new iPad" with "new" moving along to the newest one? What if they go back another generation like with the 3GS currently? I just glanced at an iPad 2 and the box it came in, and interestingly I don't see "2" anywhere except for in the small print on the label on the back, by the model number. The back of the iPad just says "iPad" as does the side of the box. So once you actually bought the thing, the branding on the iPod 2 wasn't very 2-centric at all either. Ever since 10.3, Expose was a fantastic way to manage lots of windows on a small screen (in my case at the time, a 12" Powerbook). Windows never offered anything similarly useful for me until Windows 7's "hover over the taskbar icon to see previews" feature. Then when Apple added Spaces on top of that, the Spaces+Expose combo was even better. I don't understand the desired behavior in Lion at all, though. They took away all-windows Expose (I used to have one corner dedicated to all-windows and another to application-windows) and turned Spaces into this weird hybrid thing with a useless-to-me Full Screen mode... Fortunately, my personal laptop is still on Snow Leopard, and my work machine is used with a couple 24" monitors hanging off of it, so I haven't yet had to use the new way of doing things... But with the recent OS X trends I'm not sure my next laptop will be another Mac. Yes, he asks if we would say government is working better now than 60 years ago, and given (just for starters) the huge difference in opportunities available for women and minorities, I'm not seeing why I shouldn't say that. The whole thing rests on a premise that, in some vague and mostly-unspecified way, "things used to be better," or at least "people used to think things were better." But this doesn't seem backed up by anything. And on the contrary, one of the more interesting things I learned in one of my history electives in college was that people have been cynical about their leaders for a long, long time, including at the very start of the US. Personally, my hunch is that we simply have quicker/more effective means of disseminating information about corruption now. I agree that more should be done with regard to the financial crisis and corruption, but I'm also very skeptical of comparisons made in the middle of it, trying to answer the question of "how did the government perform during it" before the final outcome is known. I realize that that's an unsatisfactory answer in many ways, but government often moves slowly and I'm not sure that's a bad thing—i.e., I don't want the outcome of this whole mess to be the TSA of the financial industry.