It's less a fork and more of an add-on, PC-BSD (now True-OS) is FreeBSD with a fancy installer and a preconfigured desktop. TrueOS server is FreeBSD with their admin tools installed. Kris Moore, the creator, is a member of the FreeBSD core team, the projects are close. Licensing issues make this unlikely, a big reason Lumina was developed is to be able to ship a BSD licensed OS with a GPL free desktop environment. How are either of those negatives? The entrenched parties would have had a list of approved questions to avoid such a mistake, they are all humans and can't be expected to call up every detail of any issue at will. And trespassing/mischief would probably make Stein the most law abiding candidate in generations. He knew about Syria, he didn't immediately associate the word Aleppo with the Syrian situation. He just finished discussing Nader in 2000, the next question could have been about anything and parsing all your knowledge is not an easy task. I care more about the crimes committed than whether the justice system decides to prosecute. This was happening to me, there was some problem with the electricity in my apartment. I can't recall what the electrician said, there were some switches that only 1/4 were working, and if 2/4 had been it would have fried everything. They fixed it in about an hour. From his website > He studied at Yale, where he graduated magna cum laude and phi beta kappa with BAs in History and Literature, and at Columbia, where he was a FLAS fellow in Persian and South Asian studies. The open source drivers aren't configured correctly, Southern islands cards are close to feature complete with Radeon. Turn on DRI 3 and glamor. The author directly addresses this, and hits it dead on with >Most of the unhappiness about Secure Boot is not really about Secure Boot the mechanism – whether the people expressing that unhappiness think it is or not – but about specific implementations of Secure Boot in the real world Maybe the UEFI specification should have implemented a way to distribute keys, though that would have been seen as a way to lock out smaller Linux distros. Maybe the ability to self sign keys should be part of the specs, I'm not sure it isn't, but that adds an additional security risk with fresh hardware. How is this different than every other instance of signing for verification? Are you opposed to package managers, publicly posted hashes, GPG, and even TLS works with the same method. What about it verifying the operating system makes it more prone to being misused? It's protecting users from running unsigned operating systems on their computer, protecting the user from a malicious operating system having full access to their computer. You're arguing against the implementation, which both the author and I agree is flawed, where hardware manufacturers are the only ones regularly controlling keys. >Secure Boot" specifies that this trust should be anchored in manufacturer-designated entities using public key signatures. No, it doesn't. It doesn't specify how the keys should be dealt with at all. The implementation currently has manufacturers controlling that aspect, which the author views as flawed. So you've never heard of Nixon? "Half the muders of Norway" means about 15, at least from 2014 data. A lot of different things could lead to fifteen murders in a year, one person who doesn't like refugees could do it. No, I have no references at all. I'm saying that eleven events is hard to draw meaning from, a wide range of things could cause that to happen and it's not necessarily a sign of a problem. Opposed to Bush's course, which only let Russia start one war. Plus,saying Russia started the Syrian war is a huge stretch, the US had already been involved for years. The guarantees aren't useless due to Obama, the US followed the memorandum and sought UN Security counsel intervention. Russia broke the deal, what do you think the US should do about it? You would never flip a county. You would increase the percentage your candidate wins by or the percentage of the population that voted. It's raw votes that matter in states, and it's much safer to set up in your home turf. If you're getting a desktop for half the price to do your real work, why buy the Macbook? How does being better than an eight year old laptop make it clearly the best computer on the market? So you don't need a powerful machine, but you're still willing to pay a premium for one because it's small with a big battery? That makes even less sense. That source can't get basic details correct, Trotsky spent about a year in New York not a decade. It doesn't even attempt to prove it's big claims. You posted the source and then said "this is a fact and gets hidden because it could cause antisemitism." The source is antisemitic garbage, it doesn't even try to establish a connection between Schiff and Trotsky before blaming Schiff for all the deaths of the revolution. Very, as I said you presented it as a source for your very ridiculous claim. Expecting other's to check it is silly, you're unwilling, and the source gives you no reason to believe it's true. Trotsky was a loyal agent of myself until his death. That's got as much proof as the page you linked. There's a difference between being open to ideas and believing any shit someone says. He accomplished very little while suffering from schizophrenia, most of his work occurred years before he became ill. No, he may have had a disposition towards schizophrenia earlier in his life, but he developed it around 1959. But it wasn't there, signs existed that it might develop but if things had gone differently he may have never been been afflicted. Nash himself says a combination of stress to do great things and the necessity of thinking in unorthodox ways to do those things is what triggered the illness. As far as I know, it's not something your born with, it's something your born more likely to develop. Japanese imperialism was an attempt to get out from under the boot of US imperialism. The US showed up, forced their nation open to western powers,and spent the next 70 years intimately engaged in all their important decisions. Japanese conduct during the 30s was atrocious. They tried playing by the moral code in earlier wars, the US and other Western powers repeatedly reneged on deals and forced Japan to return any possessions. Sort of. If you feel there's a greater power out there that's building up to invade you and your neighbours, forced unity can seem like the lesser of two evils. The US was not super friendly in the first half of the century, Hawaii and the Philippines were both recent military conquest dangerously close to Japan. It's not a benefit in other countries, it's either a socialized system or a legal requirement. There has been quite a bit of discussion about this over the past eight years, I've seen numerous videos and discussions about it. The main proponents are the people that are sick of the two party system in general This result will surely cause some upset Democrats to care more about it, but there's a good chance Trump's presidency will also cause Republicans to care more as well. The system is broken, each example will bring more people to the group that wants reform. Yes the losing side will run faster, but both parties have a large contingent of members that would like more options. I only looked at one of them, but it seems that these are able to be released as they have the same illegal language as the Internet Archive release. Their language makes it sound like they were released due to the government being forced to review if they should be upheld. It's a realistic view of a great study. Copenhagen was just one university teaching philosophy around 1840, are you able to name a second philosopher that came out of there? How about 1/10? >Since Kierkegaard was totally forgotten and wasn't rediscovered made popular in Germany by Boltmann till the 20th Century I don't know where you got this, but it is an exaggeration of the truth. And unless you think the same thing is just waiting to happen to all the other philosophers that surrounded him, doesn't change the fact that most philosophy is tossed aside for good reason. And yes, the same can be said of many different fields. It's the kind of thing that's largely up to personal preference, people that spent a long time with Windows font rendering have a hard time adjusting to the old Freetype2. The newest Freetype2 integrated the infinality patches which make the rendering much easier on the eyes for those people. Distrowatch says Fedora 25 uses an older Freetype2, I think the patches are available to toggle on. Red Hat would rather use that ~$80,000 to hire another kernel developer, the member ranks are just about political clout. No, they aren't donating more to the Linux foundation for political clout. Their scores would also be tied to their jobs, people would get things done because it's another way to advance your rating. I saw the lack of technological improvements as the episode taking place roughly now, the tech for the rating system basically exist already. Their job is to find it out who did this, informing the US population is not part of their job and quite often is counter productive. Don't trust any of them, your interests are more similar to a Russian civilian than any of the agencies. >1) A massive conspiracy in which the leaders of practically the entirety of the US military/intelligence community are willing to go on record with a hoax that will easily be unraveled by the incoming administration in a few months Unless the actual perpetrators were the US intelligence community and/or the incoming administration. Then they could both hide their tracks or have no reason to unravel this. But why suspect the group with the most to gain or the community with the most experience doing this? It's not like there's any other examples of a Republican politician breaking into the DNC to tap their communications, using the intelligence agencies to help cover it up... Billions of dollars plus whatever power comes from picking the president and presumably having a potential deepthroat if they don't behave. And remember, the intelligence community is not unified. Even though Obama has been a huge ally of the intelligence community, not all branches got the same deal. >. Is the phrase "in the event of a coup" just a pretext for having such plans in place, or is it an actual recognition that the current government is not crazy enough to launch a suicidal offensive campaign at the rest of the world? It's merely discussing one such event that could lead to this plan being used, though the risks of failure mean it's unlikely to happen without a coup. What could North Korea do to make it seem like an attack was imminent and then leave enough time for this plan to take place? North Korea will only use nukes if they're in threat of being crushed anyway, or if they have the support of China and either Russia or the US. Wouldn't cars "dissapearing" be a sign that people have decided the quickest route to take involves not taking a car? How does that cast doubt on the data? Incredibly late, but I noted that the community is not unified, some of it is just about getting their candidate. Additionally, some of Trump's proposals mean a lot more cash/power for intelligence agencies, things like harsher standards on immigrants and more control over the internet. They don't have any success, the phone in question was unlocked and Apple tried to help. And Apple was/is part of PRISM, they already have/are volunteering more info then required. Even if Google is worse, that doesn't make Apple good, it's not a two player market. I can't speak for stock android, but the fine grained controls are available in CyanogenMod, and apps are available that have most of the features you mention. Additionally, those apps are free software, so I don't have to blindly trust a member of PRISM that they are secure. All of those features don't matter if there's a backdoor, and from what I read of the FBI case there is one they just foolishly closed it. That's bizarre, considering 40% of Dell computers sold in China come with Linux. Sort of different countries that share a sea border and a common tongue, I have at least a base understanding of 20th century Chinese history. It would be bizarre if you were unable to buy a Linux laptop in Canada if 40% of Dell's sold in America came with Linux. >I think we should all remain open to ideas about how we can improve this UX within the limits a mass market product has to operate within, but that's very different from labeling this a "backdoor." Then release your product in a manner that let's people improve the UX and correctly label what is and isn't a backdoor. How much time do you think someone on active duty in Iraq has to sort through data? And you think you could use that free time to sort through thousands of pages of classified documents without your fellow soldiers or your superiors knowing? Time isn't the only relevant resource. Maybe I'm an asshole, but the "put lives at risk" line seems like nationalistic swill. Even if it risked American combatants, why should that justify hiding the deaths of possibly fifteen thousand Iraqi civilians?