I am really excited about the future possibilities of this platform. I've been playing with the alpha server this weekend, and Kenton is basically working on the future I've been picturing, the next iteration of web services. The way it was already designed, it was incredibly easy to port to Sandstorm. Like, I think I changed three or four lines of code tops to get it working? You can't really integrate this into ownCloud well, since it's an entirely PHP based piece of software. And a lot of places ownCloud currently works (shared/reseller hosting) won't work with EtherCalc. Check out sandstorm.io though. (There's another comment about it above.) I got EtherCalc working on it pretty easily, and I think it really IS a killer Google Docs replacement. :D Honestly, it kinda scares me how many companies are willing to transmit and store proprietary corporate data over random cloud services these days. Changed it how? Google has since tossed XMPP integration for their whole closed platform Hangouts thing, MSN's old halfway-API-able thing has been integrated into Skype, which is entirely closed, I believe. AIM and YIM are all but dead, at this point. Personally, I think copyleft licenses are somewhat abusive by nature. It's not really making a contribution to society if you leave a bunch of strings attached to tell people how they can use it. Plus, for a new platform like Sandstorm to be able to meet as many use cases as possible, it does need to be something that corporations can actually build business models and proprietary systems on top of as well. I've thought about this sort of thing for a long time, it's always been possible, but I think the corporate cloud companies have distinctly tried to prevent anyone from realizing it. The cloud era has led users to sacrifice so many freedoms they never even realized they lost, making compromises they never should've been forced to. Well, it's kinda an Alpha. Goes without saying, doesn't it? One of the Sandstorm devs is already working on porting Diaspora. pump.io has been mentioned as a possible thing to port. The primary idea being that open source web apps can be used without having to be a server admin. Non-technical users can install apps on a Sandstorm server as easily as installing apps on their phone. Sarien: It's not allowed to talk to the outside world except through Sandstorm via specific APIs. Ghost is a blogging platform! https://ghost.org/ I've ported apps to Sandstorm with literally no prior experience with the languages those apps were written in. Porting to Sandstorm involves more deleting stuff you don't need than actually writing code yourself. :D I've been using TinyTinyRSS on Sandstorm for a while. It even has a mobile app that works with Sandstorm's API. (Though it's a fork, not the official Play Store version.) That sort of thing is definitely well in the scope of apps that'd be good to port to Sandstorm. There's a lot of basic apps the platform still needs. Bepasty in particular sounds like a really neat potential app that can just provide "file containers". I've been moving my Drive sheets over to EtherCalc on Sandstorm and all of my new documents I write on Etherpad for Sandstorm. Draw.io also just released for Sandstorm, which is one of Google Drive's original third party apps. The issue there is that ownCloud and Sandstorm share a lot of goals and functionality. Both are meant to be app platforms in a respect. And both are meant to organize your personal data. Since Sandstorm wants every file to be a granular document, putting the entirely of ownCloud in a file would be kinda odd. It'll likely happen sooner or later though. Yup. Holding a ten-year grudge against Microsoft is going to bite people in the end. I read an old blog post recently, that Google published in 2009. It felt like a eulogy of the company I once adored: http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2009/12/meaning-of-open.html A lot of this is bad technology choice. The new hipster smart bulbs are a doomed technology, they were a bad idea from the start. Try INSTEON, buddy. The obsession over Bluetooth-this and WiFi-that continually drives me crazy. Home automation companies aren't investing in the sort of technologies we NEED because they're more focused on the sort of technologies they can SELL. It's about time. The government used to accept overwriting a hard drive several times with random bits as an acceptable wipe. Then they changed to insisting destroying a hard drive was the only solution. Now we know why. ;) "All the processing happens within the SlideMail app itself." Kudos to this. Bunch of scammers like Google try convincing you they HAVE to have your data for these things to be possible. The way it was closed was suspicious enough for me to wonder if they were driven to close by the government because it was one of the methods they couldn't crack efficiently. The MARA agreement Google mandates is very anti-competitive. It protects some services by mandating their inclusion in order to get others. Google now mandates almost 20 apps be packaged on devices, when the manufacturer really only wants the Play Store. Both of these things being intentional choices to develop crippled hardware that's reliant on proprietary services. A huge disservice to consumers. I think the walled garden approach that Apple, Google, and Microsoft all ascribe to is definitely anti-competitive at it's core, and I truly hope more governments will start addressing it as such. Heh, gotta love the folks downvoting anyone who criticizes Google. ;) Real classy, folks. There's a big difference between just storing and routing it, and processing every line and generating personal profiles off of it. o_o And for the appropriate meta: Folks who downvote anyone who points out they're downvoting people for criticizing Google. ;) It's not just pressure. They outright cut you off. You cannot ship Google Androids and non-Google Androids. It's part of the MARA. So do you know more about the sudden "TrueCrypt is not secure" thing ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2014/05/28/truecrypt_hack/ ) and can say definitively why the creators did that? Behavior which Google also practices? Heck, the original Nexus 7 even includes a "join Google+" step in it's initial device setup. o_o Well, in addition to the actual basis of the case indeed being "tying" with regards to Internet Explorer, whether you like it or not, being tame compared to Google's voracity for the same behavior, forcing 20 apps to be tied on Android devices. They do indeed form restrictive licensing agreements with OEMs. Through the MARA, anyone who dares create an Android device that doesn't have Google's blessing is permanently cut off from Google services. Google's APIs no doubt favor their own services over competitors, where many features of synergistic behavior between services exist which are not represented in their public API. And Google has absolute intent on continuing these practices. New marketing campaigns and shilled blog articles regularly advertise about the brilliance of their current direction, and they continue to add more and more restrictions on OEMs with every passing year. (Using "Underlying these disputes were questions over whether Microsoft altered or manipulated its application programming interfaces (APIs) to favor Internet Explorer over third party web browsers, Microsoft's conduct in forming restrictive licensing agreements with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), and Microsoft's intent in its course of conduct." from the Wikipedia article as a source for the other parts of the Microsoft case. Note the article clearly defines the IE tying issue as the principal claim.) I read your other comments on the project. And most of what you are conveying seems to be about the audit project specifically, which you're involved in. My particular curiosity is about that announcement, and whether or not it was a government attempt to discredit a likely very effective product. Google Play/Apps. They're pushing more and more apps to be dependent on "Play Services", which is a monolithic Google cloud data platform. It ensures a large percentage of appealing apps are dependent on Google's platform, rather than the open source Android OS. Furthermore, the use of the MARA contract forbids OEMs from introducing any viable competitors into the market. http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB100008723963904447090045776523... and various other articles on the same incident. OHA members are required to agree not to ship devices running Android forks. I'd be happy to pay for good private email service. But of course, Google doesn't offer it. Because offering that sort of option would be a much more obvious admission of how much they rifle through your data as an income source. My issue is not that they offer a business relationship where they use your data for money, my issue is how shady they are about it. Yes, one spelling issue. Sorry, the MADA isn't discussed frequently (because Google's pretty good at keeping it out of the public eye), so I spelled it wrong. The issue is that the Play Store is tied to 20 other apps. In a fashion that violates both laws here in the United States and in other countries abroad. MADA restrictions mandate Google Search be the default search provider, and that the long press on the center button goes to Google Search. And that over 20 apps must be preinstalled with a Google folder on the home screen with many of them in it. Ensuring every device must be sold with very prominent advertising of Google services. This creates a very chilling effect on the ability for competitors to land on the platform, as at best, they'll be an unwanted second service on the device. And similarly, Google is extending it's monopoly over the Play Store app market to try to grow monopolies over other major online industries like movies and music by requiring those apps be shipped aboard. Certain tying arrangements are illegal in the United States under both the Sherman Antitrust Act,[2] and Section 3 of the Clayton Act.[3] A tying arrangement is defined as "an agreement by a party to sell one product but only on the condition that the buyer also purchases a different (or tied) product, or at least agrees he will not purchase the product from any other supplier."[4] Tying may be the action of several companies as well as the work of just one firm. Success on a tying claim typically requires proof of four elements: (1) two separate products or services are involved; (2) the purchase of the tying product is conditioned on the additional purchase of the tied product; (3) the seller has sufficient market power in the market for the tying product; (4) a not insubstantial amount of interstate commerce in the tied product market is affected.[5] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tying_%28commerce%29 Assuming that the Wikipedia article is factually correct on the requirements, provisions 1, 2, 3, and 4 are all true. MADA is confidential unfortunately. (Wonder why?) And no, that incident had nothing to do with whether or not Google apps available in Aliyun's store were pirated. Acer was told they'd be removed from the OHA if they shipped Aliyun's fork of Android. Again: See the Acer/Alibaba incident. The case may actually let us see a new version of the MADA if they can require it be in public court records. Love the claim that their relationship with Superfish "isn't finanncially relevant" and that they were doing it for their users. This was the greatest part of the whole document. Absolutely freaking hilarious. I've been saying this for over a year now. They've very much reversed roles. Market dominance has a huge effect on how a company acts, and Google is acting like the old monopoly trying to hang on.