give me 2 ounces of whatever he's smoking... seriously ... hole diggers? are you serious?!? this article is like that idea I get just before I wake up or as i'm soaping my ass in the shower and think it's brilliant. Then I think about it for oh ... maybe a few hours and realize I was a big idiot for even beginning to think that I understood the concepts involved. I then usually eat a sandwich Even large producers of content consume more content than they produce. For every blog post I usually view 10-12 sites/articles/posts myself from external sources. This is news? I usually don't plug anything here but this is directly related to my latest weather startup: http://www.OtherWeather.com Better interface and layout than weather.com (less ads), social influence (each forecast is rated and users ranked), Google map mashup, user profile pages and weather widgets/forecast RSS feed. I just launched, and haven't had the time to promote but check us out. digg, reddit and any other socially influenced news site will always "devolve" into the mainstream and people living closer to the edge will always seek out more focused and intellectually stimulating sources for news and discussion. the networks that understand social influence and are brave enough to see where it can take them are the ones who will survive. Not the ones looking to control and guide the process with 'editors'. this is old, boring and obvious news/content. I get clients online monthly with payment processors and live payment gateways and explain it to them a lot clearer and more concise than this article (and they arent web geeks that read 37signals blog). Good rule; If it isn't Auth.net or Verisign it probably sucks. a little late to the game, but it's pretty sad that it's still happening in 2008 Lots of work is done behind the scenes at Apple/Wired to make articles like this happen. I read recently an article in Wired about MS's Channel 9, where the reporter found out that MS had been researching and courting him and Wired for a long time to assure the article was written and published. They had pages of notes and documents relating to the reporter and has staffed peopled to assure everything went smoothly. /Pay no attention to the PR people behind the curtain best two replies ... ever good piece on NPR a couple weeks back about how small independent coffee shops do better when Starbucks comes to town ... a few guys are actually targeting property next door/near to a Starbucks to open coffee shops (and seeing big profits) maybe Y! canned him because he was drinking too many free lattes and twittering at least 18 times a day. /tongue firmly in cheek mmmm correct, I'm sure Y! encourages social participation and a well caffeinated workforce. Our name was based on established (oldish media) competitors and a requirement to have the main search word/term in the URL (not for SEO but rather to avoid the confusion most 2.0 startup names incur) http://www.OtherWeather.com If it benefits the user to enter real information (or plausible) then you won't have problems with bogus data. Example; social network. If however the email is only the key into the site, expect a lot of temp emails (with confirmation) and bogus (without). If the service is free I've seen as much as 25%, lowest being maybe 8%. If it's paid you hope for 1% and dream of 3-5%. We're bootstraping http://www.OtherWeather.com with some help from a silent private investor (very small money). Would take investment if it was presented, but working on marketing/pr now (yes part time grrr). We could do the ol' VC dog and pony show but we're wary of wasting our time when we could be building value of the site (instead of making PowerPoints and buying suits). I've found that college is great for the 'pluggers' in life. Those kids you remember from high school who asked question after boring question and spent hours on their home work while you spent class time hacking your graphing calculator and spent study hall exploring your high school's network. Sure they got better grades than you, but instead of an A on your test you got a B- and worked 10x less to get it. College is also great for the socially motivated who love to party, 'hook up' and generally spend the entire day trying to sleep the previous night's craziness off and plan for the upcoming night debauchery. how does this "how to" apply to anyone else but himself? How about a website where corporations can submit information on unreasonable-sucky users/customers. They could then share that data and deny you service based on your unreasonable expectations (like compatibility with BETA software used by I'd build that. Who wants to bet, that when solar power becomes as cheap or cheaper than fossil, oil prices will magically plummet with some half-assed explanation as to why. Sort of like the reasons prices are increasing now, just in reverse (except no one will care) “It will lead to what’s known as cloud computing, where people keep all their information online and access it from anywhere,” Oh jees not this again. Doesn't this 'grand idea' come up every 5 years or so and just die when people realize they don't want their photos, personal documents and media stored on some corporate servers (where it can be analyzed, and sold to the highest bidder) Oh and with 50% of Americans still on dial up, I don't see this super fast kick ass Internet taking over anytime soon (not when there's money to be made selling small incremental speed bumps over many years similar to how cell service has evolved here) Pretty standard puff/PR piece but the "install under Windows" thing is pretty cool. The most interesting part: "MADD is heading the opposition, .. arguing that the 21 law has saved more than 20,000 lives. Choose Responsibility disputes that figure. Other factors, it says, have also contributed to the decline in deaths, and fatalities among under-age drunk drivers have fallen by only 13%." And those factors are? I'm not saying the 21 law is responsible but what is the debate here? I suspect when you mentioned "Africa" you didn't mean http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Africa ? SA is pretty modern, stable and has some money (middle income) although it is not free from problems (like any country) You don't value your own company, value is set by the market, and in this case the market said 20 mil. Will it increase or decrease depends on the actions of Xobni and the market. The arguments that the founders "know their potential value" better than us is completely irrelevant. Don't you think MS investigated the company first, it's offerings and it's future before making an offer? I own a startup and think it could be worth billions someday... does that make it so? Does this help? http://www.anddev.org/first_android_hardware_development_boa... I read a while back that Flickr's conversion rate for the "pro" accounts was dismal, as in less than 1%. Sorry no linky to back that memory up but there's no way it's even close to 10%. Facebook could succeed if they figure out the "word of mouth marketing strategy online. Think about it; when you buy something offline, or even online most people ask their friends and family what they bought, and from whom ... and then make their decision based on recommendations. When I pick up new web design work, the #1 vehicle is word of mouth from my already serviced (and hopefully happy) clients recommending me to their friends. If Facebook can use the "Twitter" style of outsourcing questions to your friends, they can tackle this problem of 'focus'. I could ask my FB friends what type of music player they all use, and my responses could have targeted ads based on what they say. FB needs to be careful though becayse as you said, people login to FB to "hang out" and don't think "buy buy buy" first like they do with Google. This is a good point, Facebook has 1 part of the puzzle, Google has the other. Facebook knows "who you are" better than Goog, Goog knows that you want "right now" better than FB. Right on about Need vs. Awareness .... Think of Coca-Cola or McDonald's, or even Budweiser. There are many large companies that use TV/Internet to keep their brand strong. Everyone knows about these brands, there is no direct "need" for any of their products (one could argue against this but I digress), but they need to keep advertising so when you are hungry, or thirsty, or sober you turn to them first. I can't believe someone used Elance as an example of a solution to Ebay's problem. Elance is wrought with it's own issues of underbidding and serious off-shore dominance of almost every available web project. What was once a great way for freelancers to pick up new work, is now just a project farm for offshore companies looking for American work. Don't get me wrong, I've used outsourcing firms myself and have no issues with it, it's just Elance is no longer a reasonable venue for small domestic firms. AJAX, like Flash is a tool. Back in 2002-2004 everyone thought Flash would take over the web. I got resumes/applications from designers who 'only' did Flash and tried to convince me it was the future. Fast forward to today and Flash remains a very important "tool" but only a tool and not the answer to all our woes. AXAX is now just another tool in my virtual toolbelt, one I use from time to time, but not something I'd base my entire site on (hmmm kind of like javascript was in the late 90's early 00's) http://www.OtherWeather.com Social weather forecasting, with a Google Map mashup and some social networking features. Launched in late 07, haven't had time to really promote so it's not deadpool yet. Although I have no users :( Reminds me of the "CSS rounded corner" scripts that replace 1 simple image with 721 lines of CSS. Some people actually need to make a living building websites ...I'll pass. Blog posting doesn't add much to the original story which is here: http://www.aero-news.net/index.cfm?ContentBlockID=fb1b93e6-3... ; This (very un-hacker like) link would be more at home on del.icio.us/popular Notice that most of the site's mentioned hardly have any "content/copy" on the home page. A very un-SEO friendly tactic. Pretty though. The best way to 'learn' a site is simply to lurk ... and lurk .. and lurk some more. Once you understand the community you can speak up and start to contribute. If we define the term "hacking" more broadly even Wikipedia's history is wrong/limited. Hacking to me has always been the process of dissecting something and figuring out how it works. I would imagine there were lots of hackers even before radio came around. I literally 'inhale' Zebra Cakes much to my wife's dismay. I'm skinny as a rail though (I worry more about sugar intake than weight) so feel free to hate me. Good times online indeed, but if you're one of the many Americans caught up in the housing-boom-bust none of that matters when trying to pay your mortgage. Is there a web app that will lower my mortgage payments? Or maybe someone on Twitter that can sell my first home? I keed I keed. When Digg/Reddit and the other social news sites got big a few years back I ditched News.com almost completely because they delivered tech news stories faster. These days with Digg's new larger audience (and less tech focus) I am spending more time at News.com than Digg (Reddit still a regular) Author makes a good point about DRM controlling how we consume content and not about fighting piracy. Kind of reminds me of the "war on drugs". Amazing how the craptacular iTunes is used as an example of a 'good' UI from Apple. Apple makes some great UI's and software, iTunes is not one of them. I wonder is Zappos backs up all this "enthusiasm" for the company with actual money paid. Typically these "fun" organizations expect total commitment from their employees but shy away from actually giving them a tangible 'interest' in the org. One of those 31,000 'scientists' is none other than climate researcher-turned-Spice Girl Geri Halliwell or "Dr. Halliwell" as her friends call her. Hilarious reply Matt, even more curious though is the fact that you got modded down (what no fanboy idol worship for Mr. Maroon people?) Looks kind of like social bait/content text generation for the blogosphere. He's probably hoping to become THE article for Twitter noobs in Google search. Smart move I would say, verbose articles like this appeal to the 'learn from a book' people. I have no doubt once Geri's name was found (and made public) they removed it from the list as it was obviously fake or just plain wrong. My point was mostly humor, but my underlying point was that there is simply no verification as to the qualifications of any scientist, phd or spice girl on this list. There are no "creative spaces" only creative people. Reminds me of the Mac vs. PC creative work argument. Find good people and they won't care if they work in a cool trendy "loft" in San Fran or a boring grey cubicle in a converted strip mall in Idaho. My workspace is exactly the size of two 19" LCD monitors. You can get smartphones free now with 2 year deals, the iphone will be free on sites like wirefly/letstalk next year. I wouldn't say the value of TC is traffic, but more so an introduction to the VC/Tech community. TC posts so much each day that your post will be bumped off the front page in no time. However if just the right person is reading TC or picking up the feed, it can lead to good things for your startup. Also, the posts that really seem to draw comments and the most buzz are all about the titans of the industry (Facebook, Yahoo, Google, MS) They don't exactly need the PR but that's what people love to discuss and rant about.