i'm genuinely wondering how they managed to break something this simple in Opera. wait, basic building blocks of applications aren't features? don't worry so much about the career thing. if you're at a good and challenging spot that meets your personal needs, you'll start to shine automatically. think about what really makes you tick, and try to find a place that matches this. why are you in a startup? for the autonomy? or for the superhero feeling? for the potential big money? other way around, what of that won't you mind missing if you switch to a big company? answering these questions may help you find the kind of spots you like best. describe the workplace you'd like before giving it a name. i mean, there are middle grounds, it's not a black and white thing. i work for a 250-ish people software consultancy firm, who 'rent' me to a well-funded and well-managed 10 people startup. i have all the joys (and occasional overtime/stress) of working at a startup. this includes high degrees of autonomy ("we need something fixed here and there, kind of, to solve this and that problem. we think. you work it out.") and a cozy "us against the world" atmosphere. meanwhile, at my actual employer, i get coaching from experienced engineers and managers, a training budget, and the comfort knowing that if ever my work at the startup stops being challenging enough, i can switch projects without even quitting my job. this matches my needs, as a result of which i'm learning and growing fast. what are yours? Nice story, bad title. Unlike the US and UK legal systems, in the Netherlands, court rulings don't define new legislation. Some court may rule different in another case; judges are to only consider the law, not other rulings. > - If you think you need variables (like in SASS), you are probably thinking about it the wrong way I've yet to see CSS code for page layout without the usual awkwardness where margin-left of some element MUST equal some other element's width minus some bar's left offset, yadayada. It's for stuff like this that variables make sense. I wholeheartedly agree that if you need a variable to colour two bars and a heading orange, you're probably doing it wrong. The blog you refer to only has an example with colours, which is just too easy. I don't know where those guys live, but on my planet all resumes are communicated as PDFs. Nearly all shown examples lose some or all of their power when not in physical form. That said, it seems it's most designers' resumes so maybe that's why. I wonder what CVs could be cooked up for more technical and/or organisational positions. A github printout comes to mind. Why don't you just split into two little 37signalses when the time comes? In all the proposals / solutions mentioned here for dealing with growth while maintaining a flat culture, this is one approach I haven't seen yet. It worked well for a Dutch consultancy firm called BSO, which reached over 6000 people in the 90's, all organised into near-independent little companies of 50-ish people each, all targeting a different market, but each with the same culture and values. The firm itself was a flat company of these little companies (called "cells"), so effectively there were just 2 to 3 layers of management. ( http://www.extent.nl/articles/entry/origins-original/ if you care about the details) Nice trick, but you end up selling a LOT of readability and maintainability just to get a "cool feature". When in Rome, act like the Romans: wouldn't a nested for loop do the trick just fine, in a way any C programmer can understand? Ok, well I'm rather new here, but if 50 applications were accidentally marked as late, does that mean there were like 100+ applications overall? That's a lot of new companies. Are all these already for real, or are the bulk of them in the "programmer with an idea" stage? I had hoped that, too; as an avid Opera Mail (M2) user, this would've been awesome. I don't see why a browser vendor needs to run a webmail service so bad (also, it's not new; i had an @operamail.com address 6 years ago) on the latter example: you could also just compile that hugely useful c library as a nodejs plugin directly. Do you want high grades, or do you really want to learn something useful? If I were you, I'd not worry so much about "getting the most out of of university grades" and join the board of some student organisation instead. Or start an evening startup. You'll learn plenty difficult engineering stuff also if you get average grades. Meanwhile, you'll learn about the real world in a safe environment, without the risk of having no money to buy food if you fail. That said, if your main worry is to pass the exams at all (or to finish that report, etc), I've learned two tricks: 1) start with the easy parts. Sounds stupid, but it helps motivation tremendously. Especially works with reports etc, but you can do the same with exercises while preparing for exams. 2) Remember why you're doing this. I'll assume it's because you want to get the degree, you want to show yourself that you can take on this difficult program, because you know you can. Or something along those lines. I can't seem to access the site, and I also can't seem to shake the idea that announcing an unreachable site confirms all my stereotypes about business in Greece :-) seconded. in addition, it feels arrogant. highlight how nice and fun it is, not how super-special-awesome. nice story. paragraphs would've helped, though. true that. which immediately shows how excellent the HN community still is, because i've seen far lower points on every other social site i know. good going, guys! for me, these tools just underline how horrible regex syntax really is. I always wondered why Node.js is based on V8 in the first place; to my (limited) experience, SpiderMonkey's API is both simpler in use and better documented. Was it a speed thing in Node's early days? Cool move, nevertheless. Sounds like a pain to maintain, though. Won't you spend as much on gas driving to wherever you decide to bulk shop (Bay area isn't tiny) compared to your neighbourhood supermarket, as you'd save by bulk shopping? Cool stuff! If it works as advertized, it's basically wget plus a lot of perl/bash hacking, but then for non-programmers. I think it solves a very real problem. Basically voids a whole bunch of the infamous REBOL oneliners ( http://www.rebol.com/oneliners.html ). I guess data export options would be very important. I wonder to who they want to market this. I think the target audience willing to pay for it is very much used to working with installed enterprise software only (MS Office plus some CRM/ERP that they hate), and might be reluctant to switch over to a web application. Freemium model? sad as it is, i guess this just means the web software industry is growing up. in the high tech devices industry (consumer electronics, advanced machinery, etc), this has been the status quo for decades. there certainly are time zones with less than 500k inhabitants. if you're dropping GMT+0, it'd only be fair to drop those other time zones too! > Second, the advocated method of stying your site with Modernizr is to first make it look good assuming no "advanced features" exist and then progressively enhance. This ensures that the failure of Modernizr to load will leave you with what you started with. I think the big problem and why separation of concerns matters is that people don't design a site once and then let it be. Most frontend developers maintain already existing sites, across new features, new browser versions and new end user expectations. You can't apply that "advocated method" there, or at least you can't do so equally well. I guess that simply disabling Modernizr when adding new design elements until things are good enough, and then enabling it for the "advanced features" could be a work around. I've yet to see such a disciplined workflow somewhere, however. Nevertheless, I agree with you that it's the least ugly option available. Maybe making it easier for a developer to temporarily disable modernizr helps styling with the "prefer good styling with no advanced features" approach. The first blog comment somehow underlines the truth in this post: > You’re such a dick, Scott. Nice idea. It seems like a workaround for HTTP's one-request-per-file problem, rendering it useless once HTTP gets "fixed". Will this be useful once something like SPDY gets commonplace? Only his response to the AVS question in http://acko.net/blog/on-termkit#comment-4240 made me realise exactly how powerful this premise is. TermKit could become my OS of choice. thread tl;dr: boring post, let's discuss beer instead. don't confuse naivety with pr: she's talking on record there. barring a few nutjobs, i've the idea most politicians are significantly less naive than they let show. all security i've seen depends on the obscurity of passwords. There is no difference, except in how easily things are spread and cached and logged (i.e. the only reason to not put passwords in URL query strings) Socially awkward people are seldomly "clay candidates". > Ask me to reverse the order of words in a string and you'll get: "Words in a string".split(" ").reverse.join(" ") #=> "string a in Words" Which is, of course, the best answer you could provide. Unless you're applying for programming microcontrollers, that is. C has modules all right. A .c/.h file pair is essentially what many other languages call a module, and have all the problems that the modules in Joe Armstrong's fibonacci example also has. Wonderful how if something is long ago enough, expansionist powerplay and useless collateral damage becomes "truly magnificient". Unfortunately, they're not. Nothing here either (Opera 11, Windows). Seriously guys, Sproutcore is so horribly not-cross-browser that it's a joke. Please stop making sites with it. Didn't 236759 people already make this? Smells like vaporware. I never really trust it when people first make a blog and a domain and a fancy headline and a fancy logo, and write prose with lots of "will be's" and "will have's", all without showing anything substantial. I'll assume that there's a reason why you wrote "across a large number of browsers, including IE7 and IE8" in reply to a comment about Opera? I must admit I haven't checked right now, but at least a few months ago the site was all about how awesome Sproutcore is, but accidentally neglected to mention that there are common browsers on which it does not work. I had to install and try to use it to figure that out. IMHO this is a serious attitude problem; launch first, make work later. That's all right if you're open about what's missing, but the Sproutcore site makes promises ("it works") that it can't keep. This is what Microsoft has always done, and afair it's the only company to ever have really succeeded at it: make a piece of software accessible and understandable for novices, yet powerful enough for power users. Office has this. Windows has always had this. If any company can actually make something that works great on very different devices, it's Microsoft. Scala oneliners: "Multiply a list by 2" REBOL oneliners ( http://www.rebol.com/oneliners.html ): "Open a GUI, read web page, send it as email" Site seems down. If getting HN'ed already kills a service like this, it's not very reliable. Not something I'd want to depend on for this kind of service. Oh man, and I just coded essentially the same (with persistence through, for we need history) with CouchDB over the last 2 months. If only you'd have launched a bit sooner! ps. Maybe it's me, but 2 hours ago your site worked great in Opera, and now the design seems broken. If you changed some CSS, then that might be it :) If this works out, it basically also means Scala->JavaScript through emscripten ( https://github.com/kripken/emscripten ). Slow, probably, and probably with nearly impossible interfacing with the DOM and JS libraries, but still - pretty cool The current CLR version is definitely not at production quality like the JVM version, and afaik it never was. At a recent talk in the Netherlands, Martin Odersky also basically admitted that there's still a fairly long way until the CLR version is really at production quality, and even then it will probably keep lagging behind the JVM version. So surely you're right about intention, but that's also about all it is. Nice story. People still do this stuff by the way, for example in 4k democoding. E.g. how these guys put an entire world (+ music) in 4 kilobytes: http://www.pouet.net/prod.php?which=50063 ('download' for the Windows executable) Or use an email client with a horizontally split screen. Damn, I read "One of the coolest eruptions from Sun you'll ever see. This happened today." I was like finally, closures in java! Not sure which 'this' you're referring to, but my joke is now at 38 points. Does it really matter? They're just points. And don't worry, i'm still not able to downvote people :) We use OpenOffice at work. Aside what the others said, it has horrible automatiritis, worse that old Word versions. Example: I have a "Heading 1" style at 20pt, bold, italic. Start a new line at the end of a document, choose "Heading 1", OOo decides to make it 20pt, bold, but not italic. No idea why. Style setting is correct. Only fix is manually adding italic markup to the text. Just an idea, no clue if it has any value: I know that at least a fair bunch of US startups have teams that are highly geographically distributed, incl all over the US or even across contintents. Bandcamp, Banksimple and Stackexchange come to mind, probably many more. Can't you apply with companies like that and work from home? It gets you into contact with the kind of cool guys that you can't find in your area (which might help you stand the local folk better too), gets you some income, and gives you some additional purpose because you're working on a cool product.