Here's a great article on the subject from Dharmesh Shah (HubSpot founder). http://onstartups.com/tabid/3339/bid/11097/How-To-Price-Soft... Any reason why you chose Unity3D over Google's O3D ( http://code.google.com/apis/o3d/ ) ? How is this not off topic? First thought: seems like Mechanical Turk is popular in India. I can't describe how OOP changed my life. You have to learn it. Right. I don't see any use case for this syntax especially that modern IDEs offer auto completion . I pretty much in the same situation as you and have a similar background (currently studying software engineering). Actually I did quit school for one year and worked as a web developer. I liked it, good salary and all, but I chose to go back to school for a few reasons. 1) School is a great place to make connections. 2) My parents are supporting me while I'm still studying. 3) Most of all, I'm an entrepreneur and school is a great time to start a company (see 2 reasons above + http://answers.onstartups.com/questions/2059/founding-a-star... ). 4) Although I also learn better on my own (didn't learn much at school), bachelor opens the door to post-graduate studies and gives some credibility when looking for VC funding. Finally, nowadays, you can launch a startup with minimal capital investment, so don't worry about money. An interesting solution would be to randomly chose which stories a given user sees in the New section. This article might help you: http://sitepoint.com/article/merchant-account-review DES ? Does this guy realize he's asking the founder of PHP (rasmus@php.net) to "escalate this to someone who can answer". lol If you follow a tutorial on becoming a hacker than you are most likely not (and won't be) a hacker. Being a hacker is a state of mind. On the short time it isn't but on the long term it can be. I've spent a few hours reading on version control a few years ago and I've been more productive since then ;) That's a good idea but I'm not sure how I would go about getting some famous developers to send a screencast of them at work! "There is perhaps a more general point here. If a language does too much for you, it may be simultaneously a good tool for production and a bad one for learning. It's not only languages that have this problem; web application frameworks like RubyOnRails, CakePHP, Django may make it too easy to reach a superficial sort of understanding that will leave you without resources when you have to tackle a hard problem, or even just debug the solution to an easy one." Love this quote. Thanks. Good idea ;) Lean and clean. Pretty similar indeed. Thanks for sharing the link. I haven't thought of a revenue model yet: just throwing the idea out to see if that's something people would actually like. Getting developers to share their work environment would indeed be a challenge. Perhaps, a karma system a la StackOverflow/HN could be used as an incentive. Developers on StackOverflow don't mind helping each others out so I don't see why it wouldn't work with my proposed format. I have to admit though that making a screencast is time consuming and the karma incentive might not be enough to balance. Another option that was mentioned in the comments was to ask "celebrity" developers to share their workspace. Celebrities usually like free publicity so I believe that might be a viable option to start out. Oui? Quel est le problème? I wasn't aware that Clojure had a steeper learning curve. I'll do as you recommended: start with Scheme to grasp the basics of Lisp and eventually move on to more advanced stuff. Thanks. Whatever, I never get spam with Gmail. My take on this: the benefit of filtering spam largely outweighs the downside of false positives (which, as far as I know, never happened to me and if it did, it probably wasn't that bad since I didn't notice). If someone really needs to contact me, the said person can message me on my various social profiles or simply call me. Nice tool, although embedding images isn't always an option. Thanks for sharing. Bookmarked. Makes a good example of why requirements are important even for something as seemingly simple as file copying. Actually, mistakes with pointers can lead to remote code execution ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffer_overflows ). Are they trusted by all browsers ? Reporting in. Someone lacks sense of humor... You`re right about this particular example. However, I wanted the library to be flexible enough to handle changes in the DOM (not only the content of some elements). Of course, if the DOM changes too heavily (completely different layout), this library wouldn't really make sense. That's right: if the diff takes more time then actually loading a new page, it doesn't make sense at all. However, I could see the diff script intelligent enough not to be slowed down by a minor difference. Anyways, this library would mostly make sense on pages with a very similar layout. As mentioned in my reply to @profquail, the use case was just an example. Perhaps I should have chosen a better one. http://www.irosetta.com/ Thanks for your feedback. However, I'm not sure why this site would be more likely to attract "amateurs" than StackOverflow. StackOverflow is not part of a freelancer marketplace either (the career site was only added very recently) and yet manages to get quality content. Thanks for your insight nonetheless, I will consider integrating the Q&A part with a "marketplace" in a second phase. WordReference does have a ton of valuable content and a vibrant community but as you mentioned, the user experience isn't that great. Thanks for the encouragement ;) That sucks but thanks for pointing out. I didn't know it was possible to trademark an Ancient Egyptian artifact :( I'll try to see if I really am infringing the trademark. I'll run a test campaign and see if it is effective. Thanks for the keyword suggestions. "programming provides a higher barrier of entry than language study". As a professional programmer, I never really realized this but now that you mention it, it totally makes sense. In that perspective, iRosetta is more likely to attract "amateurs". I'll try to come up with a strategy to market it to pros ;) Nice collection ! Community moderation/features would be nice. jQuery Ruby on Rails Wasn't that posted earlier this month? I share it on HN ;) http://www.ted.com/ has some great lectures http://academicearth.org/ has videos of university courses -1. Why didn't you post this on your blog ? :D Thanks for the honest insight. I'm currently reading it and I love it so far. Google, I owe you one. Wikipedia is noncommercial. Thanks for this honest response. By the way, forms are also hell with the Zend Framework IMHO.