This is known as the instrumentalist approach to quantum mechanics, where we deliberately avoid thinking about the philosophical interpretations of things like the wavefunction, and only focus on the results of experiments. The thinking being, the observables don't change regardless of whether you pick MWI or pilot wave or the Copenhagen interpretation, so what does it matter? (The actual phrase "shut up and calculate" is older than this paper; I think David Mermin coined it.) This approach rubs some people the wrong way, either because it's seen as a failure of imagination on the part of physicists to look at the bigger questions, or because it drifts close to the discredited logical positivism of the mid-20th century. Those are valid complaints, but I think it can also be seen as humility on the part of physicists, and an understanding that this is outside their field of expertise. "Science" is a fundamentally empirical exercise; if you're doing thinking without empiricism, it might still be valuable thinking, but it isn't science. "Shut up and calculate" is shorthand for, "Because these questions are not empirical, our tools and methods we have as scientists are not capable of addressing them." It's acknowledging that their powers are limited. (I do think it would be nice if more physicists thought about it anyway, because in their abscence the void has been filled with woo by a bunch of New Age cranks, but that's not a moral obligation on their part) This is becoming such a common story that I'm starting to think it's a little irresponsible of both Amazon and GitHub to not react better to it. Clearly Amazon is capable of detecting when this happens as evidenced by their rapid response; when they see AWS keys published to GitHub, they should block the account, or at least prevent it from spinning up any new instances. They can then contact the owner over e-mail to follow up. Same thing with GitHub. When they see an AWS key, they need to block that push and send back a message saying "If you're really, really, REALLY sure you want to do this, add .allowawskey at the root of your commit and push again". There's no excuse for letting people shoot themselves in the foot like this over and over. (Edited for typo) > They have service limits and routinely waive charges from abuse events like this. That's almost worse though. Maybe I'm being unfair here, but the fact that they will waive charges immediately if you ask, but don't just block them pre-emptively, tells me that they're hoping at least some customers (with deep pockets and automated billing that no one pays attention to) will just pay the bill and never notice. Maybe they're making more money from that than they're losing by waiving charges on compromised accounts for customers who ask. Not to mention, if it was written as an actual shell application, it would probably be easy to use Emscripten or something to make a web version, if someone really wanted it. For the interested, parent is probably referring to Calvary Cemetery [1]. I don't think it's the largest cemetery in the US by acreage, but it's the largest by number of burials. I've always thought it must drive economists and real estate developers nuts that there's all this land in New York City which is probably permanently off-limits to development. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calvary_Cemetery_(Queens,_New_... That's one of the features Ars offers to premium subscribers: http://arstechnica.com/subscriptions/ , so I don't think there is a supported way. There are Chrome/Safari extensions out there for "single-pagifying" articles though. Credit to Panos and everyone who put that together, I didn't see the removable screen coming. That was the kind of "one more thing" moment that rivals Apple at their best showmanship. They're trying, they're moving in the right direction, but it's still a ways away. Some nice things recently: - The console host application on Windows 10 finally doesn't suck. Resizeable, copy-paste supported, word wrap text selection, etc. - It seems like they're trying to make their dev tools use a lot less "black box magic", the kind that that's wonderful when it works right and impossible to debug when it goes wrong. At an ASP.NET workshop recently, Scott Hanselman went to great pains to emphasize that everything he was doing in the VS GUI could also be done from the command line. - Nuget keeps improving. It's still not a replacement for apt or even Homebrew, but they're listening to feedback and making the changes people request. I feel like in another year or so it could be a real contender. Edit: Formatting You can defeat the system any number of ways. This is just to wash Tesla's hands of any liability: if you get in a crash because you intentionally subverted the engagement requirements, it's clearly your own fault (not attacking Tesla here, it's what all the other carmakers do too). I imagine it's nothing more complicated than "OpenSSL isn't the native crypto implementation on Windows, SChannel is". Microsoft's engineers are probably much more familiar with SChannel, and they don't want to have to test/validate two crypto systems in parallel. Besides, this should make OpenSSH better in the long run; it should be able to have any compatible crypto layer underneath. You're probably fine, unless you ever want to commit to ReactOS. From what I've heard, they're very serious about not letting anyone with exposure to Microsoft's code touch the project, because the clean-room implementation requirements are so strict. Buying it, because now it's treated as an exchange of currency. There is now nothing different between Bitcoin and Euros as far as taxes go, which is as it should be. While the DoJ's legal argument here is insane and it deserves to be thrown out with prejudice, software companies have happily used the "we're not selling this to you, we're licensing it to you" argument to justify all kinds of gross anti-consumer behavior - including Apple, when they used it to crush Psystar. It's a long shot, but I wonder if the DoJ prevails here it'll make companies think a little harder about whether licensing is the correct way to distribute software, and if consumers might end up getting some rights back because of it. No x86 computer ships with locked bootloaders, it's part of the spec that you have to be able to disable SecureBoot in the BIOS. Having said that, I don't think Linux will be a good fit for this device. People will first have to reverse-engineer the locking mechanism (which is done in software in Windows). That'll probably happen quickly, but then there's the issue of the hybrid graphics, which Linux has never played well with IME. That's assuming Linux drivers will be available for the dGPU at all; it's apparently a custom part from Nvidia and there may not even be a binary blob for them on Linux. As someone not terribly well-versed in the jargon of the finance and stock market worlds, this was a pretty good article for helping me make sense of it all. My head is spinning a little, but I've got the gist of it. Kudos to a16z for the good writeup. I do have one question: can someone clarify for me what "tracking stock" is? I see that it has no voting rights and pays no dividends, but I don't understand how the market sets a price in that case. What is stock if not voting rights and dividends? A big part of it is that Grantland was seldom accused of writing "clickbait" or churning out low-quality content. They had talented writers producing good longform material. If ESPN couldn't make that profitable, it's a blow to the argument (often seen on HN) that people are willing to pay for quality journalism. So, I figure this is as good a place to any to ask: I'm not totally clear on how AMP is supposed to work. From what I can tell, it "speeds up the web" by being a subset of HTML that forbids JavaScript, but there's nothing stopping publishers from just not putting any JS on their page right now. The reason they don't is that they need the ad revenue, and I don't see what AMP is doing to fix that. Is Google paying publishers to host AMP versions of their pages? Exactly. I understand where pilif and Lx1oG-AWb6h_ZG0 are coming from when they say that indexOf, length, and substring actually get a little ill-defined when Unicode is involved, but I can't see the logical leap from that to it being a good idea to exclude them entirely. The motto of a good API/SDK is "Make the easy case easy, and the hard case possible"; Swift seems to fail the first condition. Surely there are default assumptions for these methods that work most of the time, with the option for more complicated functionality if you need it . Maybe all this complexity is necessary when you're writing huge i18n'd apps, but the point is that if it's too much bother to even do Hello World, I'm never going to get to the huge i18n'ed apps. It's still possible to exploit because "DDoS" isn't one attack, but a category: people keep finding new ways to slam a target with tons of traffic. For a while, the most common way was with botnets of compromised PCs. They still exist, but big attacks with them are less common since Microsoft has gotten better at securing people's computers. The big thing now is "amplification attacks": basically, finding a way to send a small amount of data and get some other host to flood your target with a huge amount of data in response. Search "NTP amplification attack" for details. More recently, China has weaponized the Great Firewall to be yet another DDoS vector: they inject JavaScript into pages that people visit, and that JS floods a target with requests. As long as there is some way to point a lot of requests somewhere you want, DDoS attacks will be a thing. jwz just confirmed on Twitter that he blocks requests with HN in the referrer: https://twitter.com/jwz/status/665658171415859200 What a wonderfully self-serving explanation. Here's an alternative one: hedge fund managers are shutting down their funds because people are waking up to the fact that hedge funds are a terrible investment. After the managers take their 2-and-20, hedge funds have lagged the market every year, in both market ups and downs. Funds are trying to slow the rush to the exits by slashing fees ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/693d9b74-73f3-11e5-bdb1-e6e47... ) to keep more people from going the way of CalPERS, but I don't think it's going to work. There's just too much freely-available evidence that hedge funds aren't worth the fees for what you get. Blaming the government as they turn off the lights is a handy way to get at least something positive out of it though. Raise your hand if you saw this coming when the US government blocked Intel from supplying chips for China's supercomputing initiative. Way to go, ITAR: once again you've successfully spurred a country to move away from its dependence on American technology, while doing nothing to meaningfully improve our security. I thought the IMF had made it clear that the yuan could never join the SDR basket as long as China kept currency controls in place. The article says the IMF's analysts have suddenly decided that the yuan is "freely usable", and it does mention other liberalizations that China has done, but there is nothing about whether capital controls were loosened. Did China adjust its policy here, or is the IMF lowering its standards due to Chinese pressure, or was I mistaken all along that currency controls were a no-go? Not to mention several of the companies on that "worst performers" list are not at all desktop focused. HTC? Mediatek? These are very much mobile-focused companies. They just happen to be mobile-focused companies that are doing very badly for other reasons. What a lazy article. Before you jump in with outrage or bafflement, consider that this isn't all that shocking, nor is having to pay a bank to keep your money totally unprecedented. Consider: if you want someone else to store your car, or your junk, or your data, you have to pay them. The only reason banks normally pay you instead is that your deposits are so useful (for making loans, and profit on those loans), that it's worth it to pay you to convince you to put your money there. But if economic conditions are such that the bank can't make any profit using your money, there's no reason why they would pay you to keep it there. You might ask, why on earth would I pay a negative interest rate on deposits if I can just keep my money under my mattress? And yes, you could do that, and some people will (or they'll move to a different bank). But then you can't pay with debit cards or use any of the other services provided by a bank, or benefit from its physical security. Those things do cost the bank money which has to be paid somehow, it was just hidden from you by the interest rate. I was just referring to storage, like in a parking garage or something. Sorry if my run-on sentence made it a little obtuse :-) My takeaway from this is that the $80 Apple charger is definitely safer and has higher-quality components than the $12 cheapo Chinese charger, but not nearly so much better that it solely explains the price difference, and that Apple is making a healthy margin on these things. So my question is, is anyone selling a quality charger without the Apple tax? Is there anyone making, say, $40 chargers that have the components of the real thing? I don't know that the United States is "moving away from monogamy". I've certainly read more about polygamous relationships lately, but I think that's a consequence of the greater visibility afforded by the Internet, and the decreasing stigmatization of such relationships making people more likely to be open about it. I would want to see some hard evidence before just saying that polygamy is actually increasing in frequency though; I suspect it's no more or less prevalent than it ever was. The complete lack of an L3 cache is fascinating if true. Not being an expert on chip design, I had thought the "number of cache levels" trend was monotonically increasing, especially since some of Intel's latest chips now have L4 caches, but now this. Can someone explain how they can get away with this? Is it enough to just have a really fast and wide bus, did they possibly need to make changes on the OS level, or is it just more acceptable on a device where you'll only be running one or two applications and very few background daemons/services? Reminder: in 2008, Microsoft offered to buy Yahoo for $45 billion, and Jerry Yang turned them down. Whatever they get for the core business (which, as jonkee says, the street thinks is worth nothing), I'm guessing it's going to be a lot less than $45 billion. something something looking a gift horse in the mouth. > From a content creator (studio) perspective, I have to imagine this is ineffective. It's effective if you consider what their real goal is: to keep any one streaming provider from becoming too popular, and then in a position to start making demands from the creators. They're deathly afraid of streaming ending up like music did with iTunes, where Apple had the record companies in an iron grip until they were broken by streaming. Thus, they want to keep each service as weak as possible, so they can remain in a position to yank popular titles if any of them get too uppity. And, honestly, it's working. For a while, it looked like Netflix would be the movie-and-TV streaming provider, and everyone else was going to be an also-ran, but now Hulu and Amazon Video are respectable competitors. I don't really like that, but their success means that there will definitely never be one service which has everything. Everyone would just switch to that one to pay only one subscription, and that service would have way too much leverage over the creators. HFS+ isn't so much "crazy" as it is "really friggin old". It's not much more than a coat of paint on top of HFS, which was introduced in 1985 (!), and thus is missing out on the last three decades of filesystem research. I might be too optimistic, but I've been assuming that Apple started development on a replacement for HFS+ as soon as the ZFS deal collapsed. I know that was years ago, but filsystems take a looooong time to get right. It's coming, guys, I promise! Just to clarify, you're taking about Chakra going cross-platform, not Edge itself? I think a few of these replies might be looking at whatever_dude's comment and getting the wrong idea. Platform lock-in. Dieter Bohn and Walt Mossberg at the Verge weren't impressed either. Consensus seems to be that the hardware is solid, but tablet Android is still a mess. Worse, even if Google fixes the problems in the OS, there are ( still! ) virtually no 3rd-party apps that support tablet Android natively; they're all just blown-up phone apps. Not only does that ruin the experience but-- like Microsoft and their stalled phone ambitions-- it's not a problem Google can fix no matter how good their developers are. All the software patches in the world can't fix the issue of apathetic 3rd-party devs. So far there have been multiple Satoshi Nakamoto reveals which, of course, never panned out. To their credit Wired is hedging their bets, saying Wright could be a determined hoaxer and even providing some countervailing evidence to their own theory. Good journalism, that. Having said that, I looked over the article and this seems to be the most convincing Satoshi Nakamoto theory thus far. There's no need to jump to any firm conclusions yet though: I'm certain the Internet will conclusively prove or disprove this over the next few days. If this turns out to be true, it could mean a lot or nothing, depending on what Wright decides to do. The big questions would be, a) does he have the private keys to Satoshi's 1.1MM BTC stash or has he lost them and b) will he decide to be actively involved in Bitcoin development/governance. The Bitcoin market has mostly been assuming that Satoshi's bitcoins are lost forever, and the price reflects that. If it turns out Wright can still sell those Bitcoins it would have a dramatic- but probably not cataclysmic- effect on the price. The other question would be if he wanted to involve himself in Bitcoin development. If he really is Satoshi, his voice would carry a lot of weight on big, divisive issues like block size. For better or worse. The writing was on the wall for JetBrains as soon as Microsoft announced Roslyn, pretty much ensuring that somebody (maybe volunteers, maybe Microsoft itself) would write an open-source version of ReSharper with better VS integration than the real thing. Management knows this and they're trying to get some money for it while they can. Are you white? There's your answer. Not even joking. That quote is correct, but you need to understand the context: Scott Aaronson is pretty much the entire reason why you can safely ignore any article about D-Wave, because he's the one doing the legwork to debunk their BS. So articles from/about him are exempt. Awww, they updated the appearance of Raymond Chen's blog? I kinda liked the defiantly, unapologetically old-fashioned look it had before (like Jamie Zawinski's site). Fair enough, but this isn't exactly an argument in C's favor. If you're saying "But we need this unsafe behavior for performance!", that only adds to the urgency to abandon C as soon as possible in favor of things like Rust, which should eventually have all of the speed and none of the UB insanity. No, they shouldn't. "The plural of anecdote is not data": of course you can go around cherry-picking people who are unhappy with the ACA; health care is extremely complicated, no solution was ever going to be perfect, and this law in particular attracts people with an axe to grind. But I can find just as many anecdotes of people who are a lot better off under the ACA. Stories are pointless; the only effective measurement is the bird's-eye view of the numbers as a whole: how many uninsured are there now, what is happening to the mean/median premiums, etc. How is broadband penetration in India? Does the bandwidth exist to pull this off? > E.g. the website service posts random inspirational quotes from dead people or TIL from random wikipedia pages. You never have to log into Facebook and yet it seems like you're "with it". For a large percentage of my Facebook friends, if they were silently replaced with bots like this, I doubt I'd ever notice. Sigh. You're doing the exact thing that WalterBright complained about above ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10859674 ). Of course that is not what the poster meant. It's not just Android: on both Windows and Linux, F.lux seems to interact badly with certain Intel video chipsets, and often just turns on and off continuously until I reboot the system. It's great software, but having it native to the OS would be even better. I hope the other vendors follow Apple's lead here. > based on its stellar reputation as one of the indispensible, foundational computer science books that every programmer should read. A while back, I was joking with some friends that TAoCP is to the programming world what Finnegans Wake is to English literature: you're not supposed to read it, nobody's ever actually read it. We all just say we've read it, talk about how brilliant it is, and place it prominently on our office bookshelves to silently humblebrag to anyone who drops by. Sorry you had to spend $178.08 on that lesson, mate. Not a Fitbit, but I do have a Microsoft Band, which tracks, among other things, your galvanic skin response. I still haven't found any real use for this data, but I have noted that resistivity definitely plummets in response to stressful events, even if I'm not sweating enough to consciously notice it. I once looked at the daily graph and noticed a dip right when our application started throwing errors while I was on-call :) Again, I don't know what use this is, but physiological data is just fascinating in its own right. I can sort of see that as a concern, but... why on earth would you wear your Fitbit to a police interview? If I ever got hauled in for questioning by the cops, then guilty or innocent I would definitely not be wearing something that tracks my heart rate! In any case, I don't think this would be admissible evidence. As far as admissible evidence, polygraphs are only just scraping by on the skin of their teeth, and wearable devices don't come close to their level of accuracy/depth. The main reason these devices can be sold with none of the regulation that accompanies "real" medical equipment is that the companies state up front that "to be used for general fitness only, not intended for use to treat any particular disease", etc., and their accuracy reflects that. The heart rate measurements of Fitbits and other wearables aren't awful , but they're sufficiently inaccurate that any decent lawyer should be able to get that thrown out without question. Edit : Not to mention JTsummers' point about there being no baseline/control measurement on this data, if it existed. Definitely not admissible. If you want something to be worried about vis-à-vis wearables and the privacy of health data, worry about your health insurer getting a hold of it and jacking up your premiums for not taking enough steps every day. That, to me, is the real worry here, not the cops.