I went to college with his late son, Nick. Nick was a good guy and their family was really welcoming and friendly. I remember speaking with Jim during the .com crash as I was getting my CS degree and he mentioned a CS degree is a great thing to have if you love it - keep at it. Solid advice at the time. But make no mistake - when he says he wasn't as fast as some of the others, it's a whole different ballgame. He's a world class genius with creativity and personality to boot. He's also a good guy who is quite generous. Thank you for that. Nick was a friend of mine and I miss him. He loved Nepal and working there. Tekmira Pharmaceuticals has a cure for Ebola that has success in non-human Primates. Is it unethical to try using this on infected humans that are going to die soon? With their approval, naturally. Why not explain what we have, that there unknown risks, etc, but it could save you. The alternative is a painful, awful death anyhow so why not? I feel like a control group is immoral at this point. More importantly, they get public exposure and the government sponsor for their research will more likely resume this project. It was shelved due to budgetary reasons. However, their project is not really going to be able to compete with companies like Tekmira who have begun human testing, having a much higher efficacy in Primates (and likely humans) and are simply further along. Ebola would unlikely be a block buster drug for any company - however, it allows them to research technologies and systems for other, more profitable things. The fact there is an UPDATE statement that is actually an INSERT is clever, but possibly misleading to many users. The design is for insert only so you hate to see syntax that is actually a different semantic. Why are update statements actually inserts? Am I missing something ( besides eventually consistency by design ) or are they trying to trick me? The trade is getting crowded - that's the feeling I get from some higher profile VC funds complaining recently. Their buy-in's are getting more expensive as more private money from non-traditional VC funds moves into the sector due to continued low interest rates, a feeling the public markets are getting close to topping and the fact that each round seems to be up, up, up. This is forcing higher prices for the traditional VC funds which in turn makes them more conservative with how their money is spent. And because the money is so easy to acquire the start-up's are blowing it quickly. They are competing for a limited set of "top" employees which is driving labor costs up to potentially unsustainable levels. Money won't always be so easy. Use it carefully. However, I see the top VC's getting a bit upset they have more competition to invest in tomorrows potentially massive businesses at discounted rates. They will likely raise much more than 100 million. That is the "default" setting for the S1. Also, if the IPO goes well expect the underwrite to green shoe some more. This article is full of so much logical fallacy I'm surprised it made it here. And it's an advertisement none the less. Creates a red herring by stating he's been doing this a long time and has seen it all. Creates straw man after straw man in the trashing of memory caches (avoids their use cases), Dynamo (there's a good reason tons of people use various NoSQL Databases) and Hadoop (C'mon, now). He also creates more logical fallacy in calling various concepts silver bullets that ended up having problems. I don't think anyone serious about technology thinks replication, sharding, load balancing "solves everything". Nothing is a silver bullet and anyone who says something is is selling you something... And then he fails to really address the MemSQL uses replication, sharding (in a limited sense since the core SQL concept of a JOIN is wrecked here and they have a big warning on their troubleshooting page about an error you users must see often). SQL is great but I have plenty of great reasons to use other data stores. SQL isn't a silver bullet for data. Point is, he is calling MemSQL a silver bullet and is obviously trying to sell something while ripping plenty of great ideas and concepts by picking the worst implementations of them and largest misunderstandings of them. If it's the case that we are currently a part of a simulation then we can assume those above use are part of a simulation too and eventually we will create a simulation below us and it's turtles all the way down....and up. Great acquisition by MongoDB. Addressing the shortcomings and fixing them like this is really smart. It's great that MongoDB spent the last year and a half improving the codebase and I expect to see great features in the coming years. The story has just begun with those guys I think and as they get more and more adoption in the enterprise arena (as the DB improves) it will become a standard DB across all lines of business. I know they aren't the most popular thing around here but they are insanely popular and it's great to see the product improving. How do I add and remove capacity then? This is exactly right. I can't believe how snide and ignorant a few of the commenters are (except I can because it's the same folks with the same FUD every time). MongoDB isn't standing still and it is getting better and better with every release. Not to mention there are 100's of massive projects running on MongoDB with success. Something about MongoDB really drives the Postgres community (and certain NoSQL DB fans) nuts and I'm guessing it's that MongoDB is eating their lunch, growing faster than them, is gaining popularity faster, etc. Keep in mind MongoDB is many years younger too and is maturing more quickly now. Plus, developers absolutely love working with it. It's a tool like any other and still has issues but I'm afraid some here are dancing on its grave well before it has even shown signs of letting up on its growth. That is entirely wrong. It might suit your use case (having a bunch of monkeys running around fixing a hack job) but I'd rather use a tool which can expand and reduce capacity when I want, which is quite often. It saves me money on cloud hosting to only provision what I need when I need it and be able to expand and contract it at will, easily. Your solution fails at this. It depends on what you consider "acceptable HA". There are many instances where I'm not trying to protect from a network partition (single data center, monitored batch data loads, etc) and don't have a requirement for that level of tolerance. However, you're right in that it's important to know that nearly every distributed system has edge cases where things might not appear as you thought. Elasticsearch has a section on their Website detailing their resiliency efforts. I wish every company was as transparent about what they're doing on that front so we can all plan and consider expectations better. Another great rye you might try is "Rittenhouse Rye 100". It's great neat or with a splash of water/1 cube or in an Old Fashioned (I always use rye in my old fashioned's). Does this mean that if I apply this algorithm and that 2 or more time series data sets are still similar that they are in fact correlated? I find this test fascinating. You missed the point. This has to do with "time series data" which means time is the same among all the data sets. Because you know this you should remove it to test for similarity. You could apply this to any automatic variable in your domain but time & change is very obviously a typical common variable for many data sets. That's right. Sort of like factoring out common variables/values in algebra I'd say. Time series is the "easy case" but I suspect identifying less obvious commons is the real art of it all. I think time - then you're left with data. If when removing this they still have the same shape they do in fact correlate. I'd be curious to see the results of that experiment to be sure. I believe the beauty is you're using time (x and x-1) to preserve the change from sample to sample but remove the time influence that broadly affects all and distorts the subtle differences that may in fact not be related. It only matters if the commonality is far more influential and unimportant than the unique but import parts. That's mainly correct. Or they used for it something it simply isn't suitable for. You can't just throw random data into it and expect it to work. Proper document modeling and understanding write concern solve almost all the problems people have with MongoDB. It still has a ways to go but so many of the comments here are issues from way back in v2.0. Regardless, it's still very popular and only gaining popularity. And improving. That's the point so many here fail to address. Lots of businesses are using MongoDB at large scale (2PB clusters) and willing to talk about it too. MongoDB gets a bad rep, some of it their own fault for sure, but it's not as lousy as some people here make it out to be. Careful object modeling goes a long ways. Wired Tiger will be a massive improvement on their current storage engine, which is pretty awful for write-heavy loads to be sure. Problem is where it is branched. I don't think they will be able to keep up well. Plus, the new MongoDB storage engine (wire tiger) takes care of its biggest issue which Toku addresses. Plus, I think you'll be able to just buy Toku's storage engine if you want it when they make it pluggable with the new MonogDB storage engine API. The .com is the corporation behind MongoDB. .org is the open source project. Yes, they are intertwined heavily at this point (but it wasn't always this case back in the day) but I can understand why they try and keep their separation of concerns here. You've always been able to control this with write concern on a per-write basis. If you can handle an instance where and acknowledged write may not get replicated and possibly lost (logging use case - fast writes) then use that level of write concern. If you require extreme durability (slower writes but more durable) then use that level. In many applications you have both requirements and MongoDB lets you choose at write time the level of durability you want. It has always had atomic operation per-document. So, if you're able to model transactional things in a single document, you've been able to use those semantics. And as documents can be quite complex there are many use cases where it is possible and even desirable. However, MongoDB can not guarantee any operation that affects multiple documents will affect them all - if there was a failure after some documents were updated there is no rollback. However, between atomic single-document updates and the ease of implementing optimistic locking patterns, you still have options. Multi-document locking and transactions over a cluster of numerous shards is difficult. This is one reason why distributing documents is easier than rows of data. I'm not even sure they will ever have distributed transactions (using a 2-phase commit) because of how slow they are. However, single shard transactions should be easy to implement. But it will be use-case specific I imagine - you'd have to lock by shard-key to guarantee related documents are on the same shard I gather. It allows you to get started amazingly fast and has great client support. You don't have to think much about the DB side of things - just throw data into it. It's also where people get into trouble. After they've done this and built their MVP they don't go back and rethink their data decisions. Then scale issues occur, among other things. But it's also very easy to change your schema while iterating to serve your use cases better. But it's up to the users to change things and to learn which types of patterns scale better and to actually learn how to use the database to their advantage after gaining some experience. Learning how to model documents effectively is rather important. What else did your config have? Did you use RAID on your HD's? How much RAM did you have? What types of CPU's and how many? Were you updating documents often or writing new ones? Did you have compound indexes built properly? What was your latency requirements? Was MongoDB able to saturate your resources? Did you read off of secondaries at all? Did you shard your DB and if so what was your shard key? Was it random? Could you use it for reads too? How much of your data set did you need to possibly use at any given time? If you had to "upgrade to SSD's" at 100GB you either had amazingly poor provisions, were doing most everything wrong or both. Messages like yours indicate to me a poor user - not a poor database. He was using v2.0 in that article. A version that is years old and pretty awful. The default then was that a write was fired from the client and that's it - fire and forget. A stupid default. The default since is to get an ack from the server. You can control this on each write and make it more durable (make sure it is replicated to 1, majority or all replicas) or faster (just get to the server). The default is to be written to the primary server and put into the transaction log so if it doesn't get committed to disk (possibly 60 seconds by default) it can recover. The transaction log is flushed (fsync) every 100ms by default and is configurable. You can also specify that the write is only acknowledged after the transaction log is synced. Anyways the default is it is put into the transaction log and then acknowledged. Fair enough and you're right, the storage system is awful. Switching to Wiredtiger was smart by them and something like that should have been done far in advance. The problem with updates in MonogDB is that they are inline and flushed to the filesystem that way. So if you have documents which are growing then the old ones have to be 0'd out and a new one written, which results in a ton of wasted space and an unbelievable amount of thrashing. As you saw, ridiculous amounts of IO time and even with SSD's you get pretty bad SSD wear on your disks. There's ways around this by pre-padding documents or using buckets if you are pushing into arrays but I can see why you didn't bother. Also, the write lock back then was system level - yikes. Around 2011 MonogDB was incredibly awful. I will say it has improved manifold since then. I'd make sure you use the new storage engine, wiredtiger too if you give them another shot. The standard one works well on read heavy use cases but saturates I/O pretty quickly if you're doing a lot of updates that make documents grow if you don't take some precautions. I also agree, having a setting of "fire and forget", although useful in some (limited!) use cases, is not a sane default. If your company goes public and you have valuable equity but face a lockup of 6 months you can still "lock in" some price...if your company gets publicly traded options that is. Sell calls at the price you want to sell for the month that the lockup expires. If your shares get called away you got the price you wanted and some premium. However, you miss out on a huge gain if it goes far beyond your call level. Also, if the stock tanks in that time you keep your now less valuable shares but you got some premium. So, after selling calls you can take that money you made from the premium and buy puts with it at around the same price. You've created a spread here and have locked in a selling price and gave yourself some downside insurance - all for very little cost to you over all since the covered call premium paid for most, if not all of your puts. Your only risk now is that the stock goes through the roof and you miss out on some upside - but that makes sense as you've eliminated risk for very little out of pocket cost. So maybe you do this on 1/2 or 2/3 of your position or whatever you're comfortable with. Of course the difficulty is if you have a ton of stock and the option market for your company isn't very large and therefore illiquid. Indeed about the put/call parity. Or, you simply buy puts at a different strike and take on some risk. But yeah, you'll probably spend some money to "lock up" this deal. And you're right, options generally take some time to begin trading - especially if the volume is low on the common stock anyhow. Another method if you can is simply short the stock as soon as you like the price. Then replace the stock when your stock is freed up. Naturally this requires margin and problem that you could get margin called if the stock goes through the roof! Hedge with calls then that are way out of the money then too. Also, there's the issue of shorting your own company! Thanks for information - I wasn't aware this applied to non-insiders or ex-employees too for derivatives that expire after the lock-up. I guess no amount of financial engineering can unscrew the little guy. :) BTW, love your company and use it often, thank you! I agree with this. Use it at as an opportunity to say pleasant things about the company and people you worked with, considering you're leaving because you found a new job and not because you were harassed, etc. You will probably run into some of these people again or they will know people you use to work with at such-and-such company. Often when you want to reindex you want to reindex a lot of data - quickly. You don't want to use your same hardware, possibly. So what you do if you're in AWS, for instance, is take your data mounts and mount them to an extremely high powered set of instances. Then, reindex with the new mappings. Then, move your mounts back to your smaller instances. You save money and can do a reindex very quickly. A basic "reindex" command would be a cool feature though. I feel like as an art piece, "Magic" is sort of the distillation and abstraction of everything that has happened with the Internet over the last 20 years - especially lately. "Send a blackbox a message and you get something - on demand!" That's art. Or it's an incredibly sad state of affairs with what qualifies as "technology" and is a horrible commentary on modern societies values. Or a reflection of it - imitating it I suppose. "Magic" & "Yo" - The future is bright. I'm not sure. That's the job of art to reflect upon our culture to let people judge for themselves. I find it brilliant, disgusting, tempting and shocking all at once. I'm not sure if it's a civilization in decline and on the eve of revolution or if it's a beautiful thing. You don't get an emotional response from just saying "Pizza" and a price comes back and you reply with a "Yes/No" and then it arrives? Where is the service that says "Pizza" and "Yes/No" for me? Clearly that's the only place the form can go. I guess it's the infantilization of society? I'm not sure that much thought has been put into this. Should probably work out the CEO/CTO titles first, figure out where to get funding for this clearly multi-billion dollar opportunity and begin to plan the exit immediately. "Lady luck please let the dice stay hot..." "Why is buying flour okay, or dealing with the details of ordering pizza yourself okay, but handing off the last little bit of the pizza ordering is reflective of decay?" I think it has to do with the fact that you surrendered choice in where this pizza comes from. You have no agency in the quality, labor conditions, ingredients, etc of the pizza. You have reduced your "freedom OF choice" to "freedom FROM choice". Devo was right. As I mentioned in another post I'm not really dismissive (not entirely - but skeptical for sure) and I agree with you - who is to say that our assumptions based on old models were right? Part of our identity and love of capitalism is shopping as entertainment. We love advertising and responding to brands that we identify with. What if this is all a lie, as you imply? I just find it all very interesting. Freedom of choice was the old way. Freedom from choice could be the new way? I was sort of thinking the opposite here is more interesting. I just want to text to a blackbox: "FOOD" And a short time later food (possibly Soylent to keep the baby food aesthetic right) shows up. If I can do this while wearing a VR mask showing a strange new world with bigger people that talk, even better. I want to be an infant again. Maybe they can add a feature where it can hear me shriek out and automate this process. In your scenario the UX may be broken since Seamless can do this much faster I think? Good article in many ways but what I always feel like these commentaries miss is that many of us came from working class backgrounds and put ourselves into the middle classes. And we still identify with the working class and that it isn't a fetish but rather our roots. Say what you will about Western society but it does provide many opportunities for a working class kid to take agency and move themselves into the middle classes while still identifying with their upbringing too. I can afford nice things now, and I treat myself from time to time, but I (and many others I assume) haven't abandoned the things I grew up on either. That's a good point about Montezuma's Revenge, and similar games. Very rarely does a greedy algorithm help you in that game unlike in a breakout style game where you simply want to acquire as many points as quickly as possible. You own more than 5% of the company? With that stake you should be on the board if you exercised the options. There's only 20 5% owners in any company. Well, you have the right to exercise those options and then they become stock and you have a stake in the company. The nice part of it being an option is it grants you the right to invest in the company at a static price if you choose. And you choose to do this when the company is doing very well. There are no "farms" in NYC. They ship it do a garden in Red Hook. And let us hope this apparent "farm" doesn't use the polluted soil of that region. I've seen enthusiastic people growing vegetables in open fields in Williamsburg. That is a super fund site! Farming is hard, thankless work that entails high risk. What they do in Brooklyn is not farming. It is gardening. The Ops Manager tool does a lot of tasks for you automatically now. Upgrading, taking backups, recovery and deploying new servers into a new or existing cluster. These were the types of tasks that were a pain to do manually and even using config management/scripts, wasn't always easy to do. I don't know where they get the 95% number from, but Ops Manager tool does make operating MongoDB many times easier. It's a garden built on top of an old playground. Vegetables grown in NYC don't taste good either, unless you enjoy the taste of exhaust pipes and other local air pollutions. I'll add that what you guys do is awesome and great for the community. But I still refuse to eat food grown in NYC.