What do you envision as the use case for this? You are not insane, but if you don't have a specific use in mind, you're bordering on being an architecture astronaut. Simple scheme implementations sans closures/callcc exist in ridiculously short amounts of code (100 lines or so), for just about any underlying language. But none of them is very useful. An interpreter such as you describe is practically guaranteed to make this too slow for any real use. It is my opinion that non of the "memory-to-memory" tasks is holding any better language back; if anything, it's accessing the real world and/or accessing other systems. The tasks you listed are usually available with a new language as part of its standard library, albeit not feature complete or with a standard interface. An implementation such as you suggested may provide a feature complete, standardised solution -- however, it will not be convenient due to "impedance mismatch" (differing object models / storage models / needed conversions back and from, etc). Validating an email address is all good, but without shelling out to /usr/bin/mail or tcp access, you can't actually send it -- and whatever you use for actually sending it probably has a validator already. Parsing, specifically (most of your examples) has relatively good language agnostic support in such things as the GOLD parser --- and yet, it always loses in convenience to a system that lets you embed implementation language constructs, such as yacc / lex / ometa / antlr / lemon and friends. Sorry for being a little non constructive, but I think that without a concrete, specific use case that clearly demonstrates an advantage, this project may be interesting philosophically, but useless in practice. When you work out an example compare: (cost of implementing said feature from scratch in a new language) to (cost of implementing interpreter + conversions from language + conversion of results back to language idioms + ... + in each language + 1/6 feature (amortized over 6 languages)). Take into account unicode and charset handling because you value correctness above all. I think you'll find it hard to justify. What are those languages somewhat devoid of libraries, and what is the large body of methods that can actually fit in this list of yours that you believe are holding language adoption back? I surely lack breadth of knowledge and imagination, but I can't come up with these lists. Back in '2000 or so, there were approximately 40 products in that space - I counted because I was working on one. They all required some form of download - and non of them got critical mass. Odigo Communicator; ICQ Surf; Zadu; Hypernix Gooey; Cahoots GetWebby; and a whole lot more. Also, there was an IE addin called 3rd voice that let you annotate a site for others. I wonder if now is a better time for this kind of products. There is so much contradicting evidence that it's not even funny. read Gary Taubes, Michel Cabanac, Seth Roberts. Do you know how the magical "1g protein = 4kcal, 1g carbohydrate = 4kcal, 1g fat = 9kcal" numbers were reached? Hint: They were never measured in vivo, or in vitro cells -- the follow from a very fragile theory, which breaks in every way you look at it -- and yet, it's considered "science. His diet as presented doesn't, but if you read his research notes (specifically, read through "what makes food fattening?") you'll see his own personal evidence/anecdote for this, and how it sits with other results. (But basically, beyond his own anecdote and theory which does not imply or contradict anything about calories, he mostly channels and enhances Cabanac and Israel) Other pointers: http://www.kuro5hin.org/story/2002/11/14/22741/791 - for an older version of K (from 2002), still very relevant. http://kx.com/q/d/ has the docs you're looking for (for a language called "q", which is exactly k with more english and less symbols). You can download a runtime from the kx website Dude, I'm in the market for a UK based VPN, but your IPHouse speed test is not responding. How do you know that "these cases of bad science are few compared to the good"? Seriously, whenever money or prestige is involved, the bad science has a much better chance. Quite a few people suggested gpg/hash or public key. If you do that (I wouldn't), be sure to include fluff before and after the number inside your signed message; A credit card has ~30 bit of randomness, and if you know the hashed/encrypted (even if salted) version of the hash, a hacker can just enumerate the credit card number to see if it comes out the same. It's not just the credit card numbers that are valuable -- it's the combination of credit card number + billing address that are generally required to make a purchase. 30 bit enumeration can require just a few minutes (or even seconds) on modern CPUs and GPUs. So, if you do store them this way, fluff them front and back with random data that you ignore when decoding. What would I do? Make sure the user has a password (Use HMAC/bcrypt to verify password; DO NOT STORE PASSWORD!); When the user logs in, derive key from password using a different HMAC with different salt, and store in memory/session vars only for as long as needed. Use that key to encrypt the credit card number with a symmetric cipher, e.g. AES; make sure to purge these keys from memory/session directory early and often. Advantage: You don't have access to the credit card on record even if you (or a rogue employee) wants to. Active participation from user _required_ to get access to data. If your server is hacked, only credit cards used while a hacker has complete view of traffic are compromised, and not all data stored. Even better: offload to payment processor and make it their problem. Really. No, I distrust everyone, but I distrust someone with an incentive to lie more. Phil Jones is famous and was reasonably comfortable tenured professor with a guaranteed steady income, and wielding power over most of the western world with prophecies of doom and gloom. It's unlikely he'll say "I've been wrong for the last 20 years" regardless of what science shows. There are numerous examples: Read Michael Pollen's NYTimes "Unhappy meals", "Is it all one big fat lie" or Gary Taubes "Good Calories, Bad Calories" on how nutrition science is perverted for profit. Read about the recent raw milk legislation about how medical science is perverted for profit. edit: Wanted to say I'm not stating anything about climate research, as I don't know enough about it; just that I don't share the "good science outnumbers bad science" view. I don't remember any time when Microsoft was "cool" or had "mojo", and I've been doing work since '88 at least. People who joined the scene in the mid '90s or later often think Microsoft is great -- because they don't know any better. Microsoft is the McDonalds of software. Does McDonalds have a mojo? Did they ever? Well then, the method I described earlier would work for you; Exposure is limited to clients actually giving their passwords and/or using the credit cards _while the system is compromised_ ; It mitigates the risk that you keep hearing about in breaches, of _all_ accounts being exposed. And just remember, that by storing those numbers locally, you're also taking potential liability for things that go wrong. To assess how much that is in cash, call a few insurance companies and ask them to give you a quote. Assume they have 25% markup on the real cost; That's how much you are "paying", although you are not doing it out-of-pocket (Though, in a catastrophic event, you _will_ be paying a lot) If it's monthly billing, why not keep that computer off (plugged out if you're worried about wake-on-LAN attacks), and manually turn it on once a week/month for 10 minutes to process everything? Do not ever cut and paste while writing code; type it again. When I learned programming in the ZX Spectrum / C64 era, magazines and books were also used as a software distribution media - and you'd have to type in the program to get the latest and greatest. I typed my share of programs (a few tens or hundreds of pages, I would guess), and doing that helped me figure out stuff like - which constructs are easier to memorise when you move your eyes back and forth from page to screen; - that shorter code is usually better - to keep only comments that would help me understand the code, NOT retype all the idiotic/historical comments originally in the program - you actually get intimately familiar with lots of code styles, good and bad Google "from nand to tetris", there are many versions around, text video etc. It starts with a "nand" gate - an electrical device that for all practical purposes has two binary inputs x,y and one output z with this mapping: x=0,y=0 => z=1 x=1,y=0 => z=1 x=0,y=1 => z=1 x=1,y=1 => z=0 where usually "0" is represented by zero volts and "1" is represented by e.g. 5 volts. (As for how a nand gate is actually built -- well, how much electronics/physics do you know? if not much, just assume it magically does. A lego version that works with levers instead of voltages can be found here http://goldfish.ikaruga.co.uk/ornand.html ) (edit: formatting) From this post, it sounds like they're dropping their on JIT for LLVM -- but I couldn't find any mention of this anywhere else. Does anyone around here know what the Mono JIT / LLVM situation is? It's relatively easy to find Python guys; It's harder, but still possible to find someone with Erlang or Lisp experience. It will be a couple more years since I would consider Clojure and friends. I would say that though it's easier to find a Java programmer than a Python programmer, it's easier to find a _competent_ Python programmer than a competent Java programmer. Java is NOT the only option. You'll love K / Q (unfortunately, not open source -- but you can download a copy from the kx developer site). You have to know 20 orthogonal functions/concepts, and everything else combines from there; There's no standard library to speak off, because there is hardly a need for one; Most "library functions" in other language are idiomatic expressions in K which are shorter than the name of the function they describe: +/ is "sum" (left fold +), (+/x)%#x is average (sum of x divided by length of x). maximum running sum is |/0(0|+)\ No magic; All semantics derived from very basic blocks. (not affiliated with Kx in any way -- just like the idea) (sorry for taking so long to reply) Yes, I'm familiar with J, and it is indeed closely related to K -- J was inspired, and in many ways evolved from A - an APL interpreter written by Arthur Whitney in one afternoon (see http://www.nsl.com/papers/origins.htm for more details). J tries to be complete and nice in the mathematical sense, e.g. having forks and trains, and functional inverses, as part of the language. K tries to be the simple practical language, rather than the philosophically consistent one: e.g. like APL and J, it is left-of-right long-right-scope, meaning 1+2+3+4+5 parses 1+(2+(3+(4+5))). However, the fold/over operator associates left - thus, +/ 1 2 3 4 5 actually computes (((1+2)+3)+4)+5 which seems inconsistent but is much more useful in practice. K (conceptually) has 3 data classes: atom (int, float, char, symbol), list (data indexed by sequential integers) and dict (data indexed by data -- an associative array); Everything else is an implementation detail (and these matter -- they make K blindingly fast -- but you can ignore them when trying to grok k). Multidimensional arrays are implemented as "list-of-lists" or "list-of-lists-of-lists ...." etc. (thus no "boxing" is needed). All list/dict access is done by indexing. Compress/expand are replaced by the "where" function which converts a list of booleans to their indices -- e.g. to zero all elements less than 3 you can do: x[where x K has a much simpler base (which is surprisingly sufficient in practice), and the symbols make more sense to me. YMMV > C has even had fast interpreters for a while - see tinycc as an example. It doesn't use a tracing compiler, but a very straight forward direct translation compiler which happens to be faster than many interpreters. How is tinycc an interpreter? It's a full-blown compiler, alas a very simple one with very little optimization. If it weren't faster than an interpreter, I'd be shocked. For well written code, it reaches 50%-70% of modern gcc speed from tests I did a couple of years ago. I think that's on par, or even slightly better, than gcc 1.x > The incremental-JIT approach (LuaJIT) has less information to work with, and it's not aware which parts of the program are bottlenecks, so it can't intelligently decide which parts parts need optimization most. You are probably thinking of LuaJIT 1.x; The recent LuaJIT 2 is tracing JIT, and it beats to hell out of every other dynamic language compiler, bar none. Mike Pall for president! No no no! For the love of $(DIETY), don't call them openstache and closestache, but rather leftstache and rightstache. While there isn't a difference in left-to-right language, those of us unfortunate enough to have to support right-to-left languages need a nontrivial algorithm to decide whether openstache is actually a leftstache or a rightstache (because the grpahic form of the character is that of a leftstache, independent of directionality, rather than openstache, which mirrors based on directionality) Actually, they don't. They just have cache-friendly primitives, and a compact interpreter that mostly sits within the i-cache of modern processors. It makes a world of a difference -- staying in the i-cache and doing mostly sequential access is easily 10 times faster than random, non-i-cache-friendly access. There is (AFAIK) one programming language that is RTL -- a variation on Basic which has been dead for about 15 years now. The open-paren / left-paren problem is there even in e.g. Word, explictly _because_ it's considered open-paren rather than left-paren; When you type 'alif' (arabic 'a' equiv) 'ba' (arabic 'b' equiv) shift-9 (left paren), you get ')' 'ba' 'alif' . but if you type 'a' 'b' shift-9, you get 'ab('. if you insert a different directionality character immediately in fromt of the open-paren, the paren will be flip. The rules for flipping parens are specified in the Unicode standard, and are extremely nontrivial and nonintuitive (both for implementing and for using -- it's often hard to get the kind of character you want!). And it all exists because some idiot thinking "abstraction! It is an open-or-close that the person means, not the left-or-right!" was sitting in the committees making the decisions; There _was_ dissenting opinion, giving exactly the example I gave above, but abstraction was deemed way more important than usability. But 99.9% of JS code doesn't do that, so it should be optimized for that case. LuaJIT keeps enough info around to go back to the interpreter at the moment anything goes different than previously traced -- I see no reason JS couldn't do the same. http://freshmeat.net/ - the biggest catalog you can find of released open source software, be it libraries or full blown. Strictly speaking, it is Linux/Unix software -- but almost all of it is open source. Like with commercial software, projects vary greatly in their quality and maturity; but freshmeat also collects release history with changes per release, which would give you a good idea of how well maintained, and how responsive project maintainers are. Go to your nearest hackerspace - http://hackerspaces.org/wiki/List_of_Hacker_Spaces - 4 are listed in Boston. MakerBot, the maker of affordable, open source, 3D printers, grew out of Resistor in NYC. What's the cheap legal way to get it? Empower is going away May 21st; Any other options? And the 5D becomes _much_ more useful for film making with the much improved, open source Magic Lantern firmware patch from Trammell Hudson http://magiclantern.wikia.com/wiki/Magic_Lantern_Firmware_Wi... If binary search is complicated, what is _simple_ by your standards? PageRank is essentially a version of the "stationary probability distribution of a discrete markov process" applied to web pages being states and link being transitions. I remember learning the math back in '96, and it was old then -- perhaps 40 years old. What is interesting about this finding, is that it was _already_ applied to evaluating scientific papers and quotes. http://nsl.com/ (start with the "Tools" heading and go down). A spreadsheet that works in 2 lines, and one that's significantly nontrivial in 20. A database that works in 14 lines. A chat server. a 15-puzzle game. Eliza. A simplifier for algebraic expressions. All of them in extremely concise code, that you are going to ignore with a SEP field. You're welcome. Well, it's time the vast majority of people become aware of privacy implications, facebook and otherwise. Most people don't care even when warned, ("I don't have anything to hide", "I share with whoever is interested" is just some of the responses I got trying to educate people), and deserve whatever it is that is going to happen to them. Facebook has actually dealt with this brilliantly several times in the past -- they said, "here are the new terms of service. If at least 70% of facebook users vote against it, we won't do it". They even sent this out as a message to all users. That's a good way to call the bluff of the outragees -- almost no one cares, and facebook has the numbers to prove it, should they be sued for it. Like in previous times, some people will get alarmed, 150 will delete their facebook accounts, and that's about it until the next gross violation. Lather, Rinse, Repeat. Mark Zuckerberg and his cohorts pwn you. There is no way not to play, as the game was set up so that all your real-life friends sell you out (by telling all about you, tagging you in photos, etc). And they all do it willingly. Orwell would have been proud. obligatory mention: MakerBot makes $750 3D printer kits that cost pennies to operate. While the results are not comparable to what is shown in the article, the age of the 3D printer in every home is almost here. It's already priced low enough that every designer of 3D objects can own one. Not affiliated with MakerBot. (And they are good guys -- all the plans and source code are available for you to download and build yourself). Well, a quick read of their white paper makes it look like they just copied the kdb design ( http://cs.nyu.edu/shasha/papers/hpts.pdf - which they actually reference in one of their papers). But perhaps they did something new as well? edit: citeseer link was broken; replaced with link to shasha's website. Not delusional for 99% of startups. The people who are simultaneously good at writing device drivers in ARM assembly, JSP pages using Spring, and natural language processing are indeed rare. However, most startups don't require that breadth; rather, they need a good grasp of web technologies, a good grasp of databases, a good grasp of networking and a good grasp of the problem domain. THAT'S NOT AS RARE. You just have to know where to look, and how to be attractive enough -- usually these people are happily employed and make good money. To attract them, you need to offer better terms (money; interest; title; whatever) Add a command to make a sound and/or push the build window / ide forward at the end of the compile. It really is as simple as that if you want it. And yet, when you looked at e.g. the web server data back in the early 2000's, you had 70% apache 25% IIS -- and yet about 20 times as many exploits (and much more effective at that) for IIS. The reason was, to put it bluntly, that IIS was designed without any regard to real security, whereas Apache had _some_ regard to security. That's also the case for Windows through its history; it has been making leaps recently, but doing things more securely requires it to become less convenient / not backwards compatible, and therefore it is still, relatively speaking, way more vulnerable when used by your average user. I'm not up-to-date, but up until 2007 or so, a significant number of web browser vulnerabilities were directly or indirectly a result of Windows and Explorer's love of executing files after wrongly identifying them as e.g. wav or doc files. The single Unix design decision that a file must have an executable flag out-of-band, and the convention that by default this flag is off, both of which date back to 1970, have kept Unix safe from these kinds of bugs. Sane default permissions on system directories are another decision; the latter has been adopted by Windows in XP SP2 IIRC, the former still hasn't. To start with, Apache default setup would bind to port 80 and switch to user 'apache' or 'httpd', whereas IIS (back then, that was IIS4/5 days) default and hard-to-change setup was that it was running with SYSTEM priviliges. There had been security audits of the apache code base since its early dates (as NCSA Web Server), whereas IIS didn't (or, judging from its track record, if it did have they were done by incompetents who didn't notice the strcpy(host_field, ...) would overflow with a host name > 1024 bytes. IIS had everything in the same process, meaning every thing exploitable somewhere would bring the whole server with it. Apache used a worse-performing but better compartmentalized process-per-request model. Just to be clear, apache at the time was NOT a beacon of security or good design or anything. But it did follow standard Unix practices, which put it a significantly better place than the IIS of the time (which was written like a Windows desktop program). At the time, IIS exploits were being found at a rate of 4 remote roots per month, with worms actively exploiting them, whereas apache had one of these every several months, usually only exploitable if you knew the exact O/S version it was running on. Twitter is not in any way unique or hard. If they spent more time thinking and less experimenting, they would have figured that they need a small in memory databse, and would have solved their technical problems easily and cheaply more than two years ago. errr, no. It is in no way more generic or less error prone. Just asserting that does not make it so. You _can_ get the loop wrong, if you accumulate(dice1.begin(), dice2.end(), ...) for example, or switching the begin() and the end(). You can just as easily change the addition operation to anything else in the non-boost/stl version. In the 2nd version, when you _do_ make a mistake, if the compiler catches at you get an error message that's totally unreadable with 2000 character error lines. And if the compiler doesn't catch it, and it causes a runtime problem, it is also extremely awkward to backtrace. Not to mention, you need the latest-and-greatest compiler to do the lambda thingy, for no obvious benefit. or, in APL/K style languages, +/dice`facevalue Well, the kernel is so shockingly simple in part BECAUSE no one let C++ in. And it is a testament to Linus' great leadership and censorship that it remains that way. I haven't been following STL implementations recently, but that definitely wasn't the situation even in 2007 (Over 10 years after STL was finalized..); In fact, the only implementation that it did back then was STLPort, at a huge performance hit, and only at runtime. And what you say about compilers is EXACTLY why I wrote the "latest and greatest". It's only recent clangs that can give intelligible messages for C++ (if at all) because Clang C++ support is not even ready for production yet. VC++ 2005 (last I used) did not get give reasonable errors. APL is the language of the future (and has been, since the early '60s). While it does have a demanding learning curve that is uncommon in this day and age of all-popular-languages-are-curly-brace-languages-and-approximately-equivalent, (more demanding than e.g. haskell in my opinion), and it is very rewarding. For example, APL has the "foreach" mindset done right; I suppose C#, Java and friends will get there at some point. But for now, APLs foreach is inherently parallel; C#/Java's is inherently unparallelizable. What would you prefer for your common 80-core machine of next year? APL is an option. You'll have to fork for Dyalog (or APLX or whatever else is out there) if you want to use it, there is no free IDE or anything available. J is also an option. It's APL's cousin; it's free, and can handle lots of data with ease and elegance. Both languages take time to learn, and are probably not similar to anything else you've used, but are very rewarding -- even if you end up not using them, your style in any other language will improve. Other alternatives are Matlab, Numpy and R (which you've already mentioned). Numpy is great if you feel good with Python. Basically, the magic elements are "64-bit" and "memory mapping". These two together, if used properly, will make it look like any data set fits in memory. Actually indexing it so that things don't slow down too much is up to you. Don't skimp on physical memory. From the q) console, type backslash-enter, and you'll be at the k console. q is just a very simple syntactic sugar layer on top of k4. Same ideas, very different implementation: * ksql was folded into the language; that means ksql datatypes become native (time, date, ...), and tables become first class citizen. This actually simplifies the whole thing considerably -- from a philosophical point of view, k4 has exactly 3 data types: atoms, lists, and dicts. Everything else is a trivial-in-retrospect application of these 3. * "electric" gui is gone; dependencies are still there in pretty much the same way, but triggers take a wholly different form. So, 2-line spreadsheet implementation is gone :( * The _verb form is gone The language is essentially the same, even though your scripts will need porting due to these changes. UML tools seem to lack substance on any platform. Use pencil, eraser, and paper for design. And know that most diagrams are not as useful as everyone says they are. Meh. LuaJIT seems to be where the JIT innovation really is.