Uh, no. Computing is the absolute opposite of security. Doubly so for anything networked. If you want to take anything secure, and make it unsecure, simply transform it from paper, and put it on a computer. Bam! Paper is millions of times more secure than a computer. No piece of software is ever, ever secure. There are always, literally always thousands and thousands of hardware, and software vulnerabilities just waiting to be exploited. Compared to any form of computerized voting, ballots are insanely secure. But what you're missing here is process. Paper voting has been around for a very, very long time. Process is well established, very simple to do, but it seems the US is always changing how to count, how to tally, and more. But, to pause and take a step back ... I'm not sure how you think adding a computer to the mix, improves auditing. The entire point of a voting system, is that your vote remains anonymous. Therefore, the device or method that records your vote? Must not ever ever be assigned to you. And this also includes any form of anonymization. This has also been handled for a very, very long time. Again, by process. I wonder, how many years have you (or others advocating a computer inserted into the voting process), studied in depth the chain of trust used with paper ballots? Or precisely how ballots are counted? Or, even months? Weeks? All I know is that when I researched paper ballots here in Canada, every aspect I could think of was covered. And that's what you'd expect, from a voting process that evolved over literally hundreds of years, with deep thought put into each voting cycle. Again, you're missing the key here. Process. And current paper process includes audibility, security, and more. Done correctly, it is insanely difficult to swap out an election box. Where would you do it? At the polling station, where members from ALL political parties are present? Volunteers are present too. All together watch the voting process, following through to opening the ballot box, and performing the initial count. https://www.elections.ca/content.aspx?section=vot&dir=faq&do... How, then, are election boxes to be secretly swapped? On top of this, all ballots are serialized. Each voting station has multiple voting boxes. Voting boxes are sealed. How are you going to compromise them? What I find astonishing, is how intensely some people seem to want to use computing for everything. Paper ballots, and the process used to employ them, are incredibly secure. Incredibly. Its a problem that absolutely, positively does not need to be solved. At all. Yet people are consistently working very diligently to do so, and the only real reason for that is one. Profit. And we don't need that motive in an election counting process. As others have mentioned, we only currently have one data point on this. However... Google is well known for terrible customer support. And if you think of it, it makes sense. After all, if you can server 100M users via an automated support systems and only 0.01% have issues a year, it's probably far, far cheaper to just drop those "problem" users, than hire thousands of customer support persons. Note: just threw the above numbers out, but you get the gist. EDIT: Speaking of algorithms, I wonder if the OP was below some adsense fiscal threshold of 'it's worth it to intercede here with a level 4 manager' or some blather. https://farmingfirst.org/2011/01/selenium-fortified-fertiliz... Apparently Finland made it mandatory, and it worked. It's a rough in, I guess. Site has spelling errors, you sign in with linkedin.. but, you still have to enter all your details (job experience, skills, etc). There's no way to change your email address, or delete your account. When you click on 'contact', you have to use email.. they don't have a build in messaging app. I'm guessing it's very much a work in progress. Which is fine, but ... not for me yet. Good grief! Thank you for the heads up, I'll make sure to steer completely clear of Samsung TVs, at a minimum. I don't believe they actually hunt them, but in reality are protecting their eggs. Mice/rats/etc LOVE eggs. Chickens (and all birds) know this. As ground layers, they're surely protective of their eggs from mice. As others have said, in this thread, there are a lot of mixed issues in this article. Living a nomad/traveling lifestyle =! remote work. Loads of people remote-work from home, but change nothing else in their lifestyle. I've been working remotely my entire life. 30+ years now. One thing that is key, is looking at the blue sky . Being outside occasionally. You will note that the article talks about work/life balance, about working a lot, working long hours. And after months and months, become more and more depressed. What I suspect is happening is, winter! Shorter days! With shorter days, it is harder and harder to find sunlight when you just happen to wander outside. In the summer, at least where I am, daylight lives from 4am to 10pm. I doesn't matter when I wake up, or when I go to sleep.. if I wander out just once, there's almost always light. Further, there's a much better chance of good weather. In the winter, if it isn't night, it's often cloudy, and therefore darker. Unless you work away from all windows, this affects the type of light, even when working inside. On top of all that, in the winter it is more often unpleasant. You think with glee, it's cool/cold, raining/snowing, and I work remote! I don't have to go out into that! Yet, this is a trap, for going out in that is key to your health... just for the light! My point in all of the above is -- when you work on site, you have to go outside, and transit outside, to and from work. This gets in that vital light, even often in the winter. It's about the light, it's about blue light from a blue sky, it's about being outside. That's what 30+ years of remote work has taught me. Just had to chime in here, but fifteen+ years ago, Bezo's email was ombudsman like, with him or a top level person reading it. Now, it's just another level of very poor, very scripted support. I'm fairly sure Amazon has taken the (perhaps wise, in a business sense) approach of not caring if a small percentage of users leave, due to support issues. The cost of keeping customers with certain support issues, greatly outweighing supporting them. This is why you have to hunt madly around Amazon's webpage to find contact info, why all forms of help point away from contacting a person, including their chat being bots now, until you move outside of their scripts. Think indeed. Lie once, lie always. Honesty is imperative for a public trust. Now, what do you think the crazy anti-vaxxers will say, next time they're told to trust the CDC, and other public bodies, and that vaccination is safe, and makes sense? When a vaccine is created, perhaps, for this virus? Now it is easier to convince others that the truth is concealed. That lies abound. Any medical official should lose their license, for spreading quackery. That's actually untrue. FYI -- use Debian almost exclusively, been doing so for 20+ years and love it. (Well mostly, the last 5-7 years have been rough though.) What Debian provides, is security updates for 1 year after the next stable release. That's it. '5 years' is via LTS is volunteer support, provided by corporate and private donations, via a corporation in France. Their goal is to extend Debian oldstable's lifespan. The entire process is absolutely not the same as updates when running Debian stable. For example, due to its volunteer nature, companies get to decide where they 'put their money'. What packages are prioritized. Rare / unused packages may never be addressed, depending upon funding. Use PHP? Apache? The Linux Kernel? Sure, you'll see updates! Use rare package $x, and that may not happen, even though Debian Security would handle it. I can also tell you via experience, that QA is not quite as good as Debian proper. Still, is it a good thing? Sure! Is it managed by the Debian security team, 100% embracing all of its methods, and so on? NO. I felt it is important for you (and others) to know this. It's not as stable as Debian, not managed by Debian, and should ONLY be used as a stop-gap. You want stable? Stay on Debian managed security updates! I don't quite understand the narrative I keep seeing lately. To start with, at least in my country (Canada), the narrative has never, ever been to 'stop transmission of the virus'. Ever. EG, the narrative has never been to 'stop people from getting it'. (NOTE: I'm talking about responses from official government officials, not blather in blogs, media, etc) The only point for the lockdown, was/is to slow down the transmission of the virus, so that hospitals would not be overwhelmed. In other words, as everyone , literally everyone catches it, that those which have a worst-outcome, have the best treatment possible. That's it. There's no attempt, or hope, or plan in the lockdown, to stop people from getting the virus. At all. In this context, the lockdown is not to 'save lives', in the sense of 'people won't get it, and be safe'. So, when the hospitals aren't overwhelmed, when it has been shown that the virus isn't quite as deadly as thought to some, it is entirely logical, and sensible, to open up. And to that end, it is entirely logical and sensible to insist people return to work. Because unless people become complete and total hermits for years, they'll get it... One side note here. I've done a bit of research, and two things stand out: - Italy, hit bad - New York, hit bad - Montreal, certain sectors, hit bad After a bit of research, I've concluded that one of the high-risk factors is sickle cell anemia. Something tha is VERY common in blacks from Africa, as it does help protect against malaria. Yet guess what other population group is pre-dispositioned to it? Italians. Due to the Roman Empire's control of Africa. https://www.sicklecellsociety.org/resource/sickle-cell-anemi... https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7365760 Who has a large Italian, and Black population? New York. The sectors in Montreal hard hit. Also note that the Italian population in New York is self reporting , so I suspect the numbers are higher (eg, grandpa was Italian, etc). Hind sight is a wonderful thing, I would never chastise our governments for locking down, based upon what was happening in Italy. However, combine its aged population AND sickle cell anemia, and ho boy... no wonder! Now transpose that to the average population in North America. Not quite the same. Lastly, Ontario/Quebec... have repeatedly stated that there will be a 'second and third' wave. That even if things ebb and stop, soon as the fall comes? It will likely reappear. I think ... I think it is logical to be concerned for one's safety, but I often look at our ancestors and compared, and I find us wanting. Pre-widespream vaccination (even in the 50s), before many vaccines had been developed, people would think us bananas worrying about all these deaths. They'd put on masks maybe, but.. so many people died due to childhood and adult viruses. Even the idea that falling off a ladder, could kill you simply because at one time antibiotics couldn't help if you had even small amounts of internal infection/bleeding. Sulfa drugs just didn't cut it. Yet... compared to that lifestyle, we're insanely pampered. But beyond all this? Unless we reopen, we'll all starve and die of other, massive issues. Want food? You need 1000 little things, all produced by 1000s of industries. Parts for machines, additives, chemicals, transport, and all of that depending upon more and more of our infrastructure and production. Try to trace, for example, a steel cog for a machine. Or, a chemical used. You'll find dependencies on dozens of industries / other products, which all depend on OTHER products and industries, on and on. It's all interconnected. That's how we operate, and there's on way around it.. because no matter what? PEOPLE CURRENTLY HAVE TO WORK TO MAKE FOOD. Medicine. Houses. Governments are opening up, because THEY HAVE NO CHOICE. The retirement home mess is... beyond tragic. Your info is interesting. I'm in Luskville (just West of Gatineau, a quick 15 minute drive to Ottawa). I've been running my own consultant business for 20+ years, and mostly remote. Like you and your wife, I am lucky. I still have my income, and in my case I live on a 1 acre rural lot. Almost nothing has changed in my life, even trips to my (remote) grocery store, at worst, tend to have a 2 minute wait to get in. One thing here ; I don't have cable. I don't read Google News, or News websites. It's been... well, a decade since I've even seen more than a glimpse of a 24 hours news channel. I've checked a few news websites, but I wonder how I'd be thinking, if I too was 80, probably not extremely mobile, bored, and watching some/a lot of news. Maybe the real virus, is the News. FYI, your profile link points to an old URL for your website.. Quite. An example, is buying a house.. and rent pricing reflects purchase price. If you buy and pay off a house, you have "spent" that salary in both locations. However, when you retire, you have property worth a LOT more in SV. So while the "take home" pay, after expenses is the same with 150/400, the equity is massively different. What makes more sense, is it is a fabrication, a story for twitter clickbait. Just because WeChat does numerous, dislikable things, doesn't mean they monitor passwords. Or did this. Are they? Or, are the viewpoints of those in Westwrn nations more diverse? In the "old days", opinion was often formed by highly controlled sources, compared to internet standards. TV, radio, newspapers, magazines were created entirely from within (for example) the US, with strong editorial control. Now, one person with a divergent view can spread said view nation wide, regardless of from where they hail. So, I contend that views are more divergent now, more varied. And with that, comes a greater difficulty in crafting laws which "almost all" agree with. How do you support the will of the people, when there is no collective will? Entering an unlocked house, in many common law jurisdictions, is tresspass at best. Picking a lock falls into break and enter, regardless of the name of the charge. Windows, and even walls offer little security in modern houses too! I can literally punch my way through vinyl siding, with chipboard under that, through to drywall. There's no universal 'common law'. Each jurisdiction has its own, diverged "branch" of common-law, each with its own peculiarities. Primarily, based upon its history. And as the legislative branch passes laws, they effect the power of, modify the scope of, or render inert many such judicial decisions. This is why I said "many common law jurisdictions', not just 'common law'. One vital part of common law, is intent. A door with a lock on it? And you pick it / disable it? It is going to be exceptionally difficult to prove benign intent here. An unlocked door? Well... Are your friends 'breaking and entering' by opening the door and walking in? Again, intent here... Did you knock, and "thought you heard something"? Again, intent. There have been many court cases, but as an example, for a while, in Ontario, Canada, it was common for police to knock at the door, and simply enter saying "Oh, I knocked.. but no one heard me." I kid you not. But let's take a step back here, and give you an example as to why this becomes more difficult with an unlocked door. Part of the issue here is, many houses have a covered, 'cold room' prior to the house proper. Yet, this is still part of the house . It has a roof and walls, a door. It is simply part of the house. In many colder climates, you enter this area. This is fully expected. You're now sheltered, but it isn't heated. When the owner opens the "door proper", blowing snow and wind won't enter their house. Ergo, to knock, you must approach the "real door" of the house, inside this room, and knock. It is also not immediately clear if the "very outside door" you are accessing, is a cold room, or the actual door of the house. How do you discover one way or the other? Why you open the door, and enter! Intent is primary here. Entry into an unlocked house does not prove intent, as there is no 'forced entry'. One thing ; in Canada, the police lay charges. A person need not even make a complaint, for the police to act. Nor does a person insisting that the police not charge someone, indicate this will happen! An example here ; the police discover assault of some form. They only need evidence, not willingness to 'charge'. Now take this legal position, and assign it to people entering houses. Your friend enters your house, as he always does, without even knocking. According to you, that's 'break and enter', yes? What differentiates here? Why, intent of course! Intent is primary, and a locked door creates a very strong validation of intent. An unlocked? Zero validation. I am always looking for a better editing experience, who knows what I might be missing. Yet, after visiting Goyo's github, reading the README, looking about, I still have zero idea what this plugin does. How/what is made distraction free, by this plugin? How is vim distracting prior to its use? A shout out to all, in a thread where the word umwelt is used... actually explain to others, what your code is actually for. Not just some marketish, slogany statement such as "Distraction-free writing in Vim". (Some might say, hey.. just look at the code. Naw. I have better things to do, than delve that far into a whim. I don't have the time. Literally, not to spend on all the quick looks I might take as such links. Say what your stuff is, people. Don't make it a mystery...) Abnry, may I ask, what you use this plugin for? And yet none speak for punternet. Even wikipedia doesn't mention it here: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Punter Yet, in the 300 baud days, before PC clones became numerous, when the C64 was the most sold PC on the planet, PunterBBS, and PunterNET was worldwide. I ran such a BBS, on a C64 with two of these: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodore_1571 At the time, punternet offered everything fidonet did. But... time passes.... This is exceptionally important to mention, too. Imagine "doing the right thing", and then people lamblasting you, upset at you, and even actively working against you. "It's shameful that we - as cartographers of the world - don't take enough interest to even know where they are. People are living and dying without appearing on any database." I know. Context. Context . There's nothing wrong with the above, with last sentence in context. But that last sentence makes me cringe, these days. The thought! The very thought that a human being may be anonymous, not counted, not known, not measured, watched, their every whim calculated and predicatively known, their essence stored for the ages. A human! Look, over there! A human, and.. and... it's not in our database! YOUR NAME, NOW! YOUR ID, NOW! Who are you? What is your precise address? Who were your parents? Where do you bank, work, live? Write all your friends down on this piece of paper, everything you ever read or do, NOW! In other contexts, in other paragraphs, that same sentence would be uttered by Gollum archetypes at Facebook, Google, the CIA/NSA/etc, well.. essentially, everywhere. The horror for them. Gollum, writhing at the thought, horror on his face: "People are living and dying without appearing on any database." How can this be?! HOW! Not tracked?! All those that wish to profit, or mistakenly believe knowing when we take a dump, will "make them safe". Watch. Watch, spy, sneak, slither, control. Get the precious, hold it close, data is the new gold, the new devil, the new evil. And they covet it. All those little gollums, writhing their hands, wanting their precious, their precious data. shudder ROTFL, enter nest seeking drone. A small, low powered device with solar panels gets auto-clamped a few feet from nest. For the first few weeks of life, baby birds hear your tune, driving it deep into their very essence of self. I am bird, ergo I sing this. I'm a Canuck, but it is no secret how close our two countries, our peoples are. Some of us point and scoff, but these are the same sort which laugh when someone stubs their toe. Buffoons, they are. The lion's share of us watch, concerned. Not just for ourselves, and of what might come from utter chaos to the south. We are legitimatley concerned for what we view as family. I personally feel as if I am watching a beloved sibling, mess up their life for incomprehensible reasons. You want to help, you want to intervene, stop the pain.. but you feel that it may only make things worse. After all, how can you help, when you can't even understand? I agree with what you said, the media is broken. I can think of some fixes, like a constant "this is not news, but an opinion piece" banner or some such, but I doubt that will really help. It does seem to me, that a tiny, tiny percentage of the population is causing a HUGE disruption for almost everyone else. I mean tiny , a core of 0.001%, with all sorts of others "hanging on". While the issues raised have some legitimacy, the media has thrown gas on the fire, and in a way which reduces chances for either side to resolve things. Instead, we get, as you elude to, absurd, useless theatre. Nice link, great info, thanks. Will you force them with a gun? To forgo all friends, family, comforts of home, and be literally trapped at work for months? Money doesn't just buy people. You'd essentially be drafting them. Still is. No response as well. Interesting. (Another point of data .. I've emailed them in the past, over bugs/issues with their site. Zero response.) I think their answer was fair. From my perspective, in their shoes.. it wouldn't just be seniority/skill/desire to hire. I'd also try to gauge the person in question. An example... For years I've done, and supported, remote. One of my clients had an issue with an employee working remote. They simply wanted raw info on what was happening, why this employee had 'degraded' performance wise. So during a normal maintenance trip.. they asked me to keep my eyes open. I did, and things were immediately clear. The 'remote work' space of this employee, was strewn with toys, had a crib in it, and while we were in our meeting, had 10+ interruptions from spouse, mother-in-law, and kids. In other words, how do you get any real work done, when you're literally watching the kids, and pestered every 5 minutes? Bear in mind, this level of interruption was happening when we were in a meeting . Imagine the scenario, when no one was visiting? One of the most essential things in making remote "work", is an understanding by others in the remote location. Just because you can see a person, does not mean they are available to be talked to, or to do chores, or 'watch the kids'... especially pre-schoolers. So why all the above blather? Well, I'd suspect they'd be trying to figure out what one's short term (during covid) and long term remote work environment would be like. If you have a segregated, separate work space at home, if your SO and kids know to "leave you alone!" when at "work", if you don't think working from home means "I can help out at home, while working"... Well, then I'd probably be OK with more perm remote work. That's just my 2 cents, and probably why there are no specifics. Variability like this, is what makes you hire an employee, or not. But... if I cannot describe it as a buzz word on my resume, clearly it is worthless. Often I try to help sites with more generic, borked issues. Your comment about "Oh boy, will they tell you" brought one to the fore. I sent the following to a site. Do you think I received a response? A reply? Either they don't actually read emails from customers, or they employ a person which became 'confused', and their eyes glazed over, once they failed to understand the message. (Note that I sent to about 5 email addresses. The one sent after I purchased the pillow, a website info, whois email addresses, and even took 2 minutes to find the CEO email address. Yup. No response from any of them. And more than 18 months later (I just checked), the SPF record remains unchanged.) I wonder. While metrics may be helpful, I wonder how many only pay attention to metrics, and then ignore emails such as mine. -- Hello, I'm terribly sorry, but unfortunately you've sold a pillow to a SysAdmin. And now that you've done something wrong "with computers", I'm going to prattle on whilst your eyes glaze over. :P But in all seriousness, I recently ordered a pillow from you. Yet your confirmation email bounced! Here's why: May 13 07:10:54 XXX postfix/smtpd[32163]: NOQUEUE: milter-reject: RCPT from smtp2.shopify.com[104.198.207.207]: 551 5.7.1 SPF verification failure: sender host 'smtp2.shopify.com'[104.198.207.207] not among explicitly allowed origin hosts for domain 'canadiandownandfeather.com', and misses are forbidden; REJECT; from= to= proto=ESMTP helo= What's happening, is your SPF record does not list Shopify email servers, as valid for your domain name canadiandownandfeather.com... You do have outlook.com there: canadiandownandfeather.com. 300 IN TXT "v=spf1 include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all" But not Shopify. If fact, the "-all" part at the end means "and nothing else can send mail!". So, as you are telling people that outlook is the only acceptable place to send mail from? Until you fix this: - some mail server servers, like mine, will completely reject your mail from shopify's platform - almost all remaining mail servers, will place this type of mail in SPAM folders I must stress, that due to your 'outlook' line, normal email should work perfectly fine. We're only talking about email, using your domain, but from shopify's platform. If you go here: https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/intro-to-shopify/initial-... And search for "SPF record", you'll see this: -- To verify your customer email address, you need to add Shopify's SPF record — v=spf1 include:shops.shopify.com ~all — to the TXT record in your custom domain settings. -- Now.. you want to KEEP your outlook domain too. So, just add "include:shops.shopify.com" to your TXT record, so both are there.. something like this: "v=spf1 include:shops.shopify.com include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all" Do this, and your problem should be fixed. You can go here: https://mxtoolbox.com/SuperTool.aspx?action=spf%3acanadiando... And check if things are done correctly. -- While I know why you say this, I find it matters little. I've started emails off with (very close to): "NOTE: this is a technical issue. You may not understand it. Please forward to a technical person", with a lot of variety on that line. These too garner little response. I've started out with problem first, then tech info. It seems to matter little, and my humour via that first line, was an attempt to amuse non-technical types into reading further. I must have concocted > 100 over the years. Perhaps 10% responded, regardless of the layout or form of the email. Even 10% is generous. The reality? Anything technical, no matter how presented, is too confusing for many. I get it, please see my other response. RE: random bash commands. Part of the reason I linked shopify's SPF page to them -- an attempt to provide external validation. But I get it. Which is why, as I mention in that other response, it doesn't matter what I send. Even pleas to forward to a technical person = ignored. (I bet lots of tech people get forwarded all sorts of crap that IS a scam, so yell "DON'T FORWARD THIS STUFF TO ME".) In fact, I have even called some places. One started screaming at me. I'm guessing some phone scam "got them", and therefore equated me to the same. What can you do? I mean, seriously? Ah yes. Which is only sometimes responded to, and if so, with a "Check your SPAM folder" email. If you respond to that without technical data, then you're basically saying "No, I did not receive it", and their response is "Your gmail lost it" (because mail = gmail). The problem is that emails sent with "I didn't get the confirm email" are immediately thought to be "user error". And you know what? 99.9999% of the time, they surely are. Bad email providers, lost in SPAM folders, even missed in INBOX. So if you don't include tech info, you're stuck in this category, else many exchanges back and forth . Because once I then respond with technical info? You get the same glassy-eyed type of incomprehension, with often zero response. Or a response that invites another 5 back and forths, with the other side upset, because now they feel ignorant. I feel there really is no proper answer here... except, I still have to try. :P I still don't get night driving + rural. In the city, there is a lot of light. It's not really ever truly dark. In rural areas, on a dark night, especially with no moon, your eyes can adjust to the darkness... I tend to turn all light off inside my car when driving rural at night. That won't work though, if you have a massive, huge LCD with backlight constantly throwing white light at your eyes. Worse is if it 'shuts off', then you do something (change radio channel/interact) and blinding light smashes into your eyes. An OLED would help. A 'red only' theme would be even better. Smaller displays better beyond that. I get that Tesla rethought auto design. That's cool. But it seems like it only rethought from a very urban, perfect-eyesight, 20 something perspective. I still don't like any internal light, and a white blacklight seems... silly. Even if dimmed down, it's still there. (I have owned cars with LCDs before, and it's annoying if I can't completely shut them off). OLED would at least have no backlight. How about the elephant in the room? Radio firmwares. It is meaningless if you install firewalls, if you compile android on your own, only to have to turn around and use proprietary, closed source libs to access proprotary, closed source radio firmwares. Radio firmwares which often have full RAM access, parallel CPU control, GPS and full hardware access, and make intel's management engine, and closed source bioses look sane in comparison. On my samsung phone, I often wonder what the radio firmware might be phoning home about. And how that may be exploited down the road... But then I "do something", and the screen comes blasting to life, blinding me, destroying my night vision. And what about my dometers? Speed, o? In a traditional car, my eyes adjust, and I can read them without additional light. At least an oled could maybe be themed to have tiny, red dometers... and being oled, no backlight... It still leaves the issue that one has to turn their head to see it... but, better than nothing.... http://geraldholmes.freeyellow.com/ (I found this immensely amusing 20 years ago, and mirrored/restored this a decade ago, finding images from multiple wayback snapshots... ) http://l8r.net/geraldholmes.freeyellow.com/ I know Samsung snarfs everything it can from my phone. I know it wants more. I know money is key, and even pulling some info... GPS, sensors, etc is helpful. And with full control of the OS, of where kernel modules memory space is assigned, you'd only have to scan certain buffer regions of memory, to snarf contents of buffers, etc. The problem is, I don't know , and can't. It's not open source. It is not under my control. I personally don't care about paying, but I do about seeing. Not to mention, unexpected hurdles (the pesky public) got in the way. He did his part, and should be compensated... at least, that could be the logic. A couple of things... We all have different sensitivities here. All our eyes are different. Mayhap, I'm more sensitive to dim light, more distracted, etc. Whatever the case... I've modified many cars I've bought, to allow me to completely turn off all internal back-lighting on all controls. I don't want a light glow on my traditional speedometer. My radio analog controls, door lock button, and other controls to have ANY lighting. It's annoying, distracting, and I don't want it. So considering this, imagine how annoying I find a massive LCD with any backlight . Even the dimmest backlight is many times brighter than a turned down analog backlight on classic style car displays, buttons, knobs, etc. My beef here is threefold. 1) Why on Earth is my speedometer to the right, so I have to turn my head to see it. Why is the speedometer not always there? 2) Why is it on a display that always has glowing light, or I can't see it. NOTE: yes, I can see a traditional car speedometer with only starlight/moonlight. No, I'm not mistaken, yes I can.. so says 32 years of driving. 3) Oh, I wanted to try a Tesla. But where? Where would I do that? Even when they had dealerships, which they've closed most of, there aren't many in my region. There's a whole ball of 'Tesla is still in its silly stage', such as not having anyone within 500km who can fix my car, not being able to buy parts, local dealers not being able to fix them, and the absurdity of thinking roving repair shops can fix a car at -40C, in the middle of an ice-bound street, during snow storms... But beyond that, I actually was in California and thought "Why not make their job easy, I'll test drive one here!" Nope. Sorry. Was flatly told no, as I didn't have California drivers license. I explained several times that I was on vacation, but the mantra was that "I can't buy local, so I can't test drive local." Of course, this isn't germane, but you did poke the whole "just try it" into my face.. so I had to respond. ;P If I was paranoid, I'd say those devices are developed just to get the most paranoid to use them. :P But in truth, I'm not paranoid.. merely a realist. Regardless, I was thinking of buying a Librem, but can you even get one yet? It always says "6 months to delivery". It'd be a nightmare to maintain, as Firefox devs inexplicably and randomly rename config names, sometimes modify their purpose, or just plain remove them. A bit akin to the difference between an engineer amd mechanic? Some sitcoms use laugh/fake audience tracks, and some people hate those too. I think parent should have used 'formal', as there are still different writing styles. Formal, business, intimate, friend, etc. Many do find emoticons inappropriate in some formats... Well... "free" has been used like this for thousands of years. Traders/merchants spouting free this or that, like a car dealer giving free oil changes, or midas with a free inspection. Nothing is free. Ever. What's changed is you personally know this now. Many still fall for this, and there are always more humans to be scammed. Bear in mind, most of humanity can't read. Are not really literate. The UN's definition of literacy, is reading at a grade 6 level. Not how you read in 6th grade, but whatever lets a 6th grader, make it to 7th grade. Can someone read a stop sign, do not enter sign? That's pretty much 'literate'. While street smarts exist, bear in mind how many 'stupids' exist... So yup.. lots of fresh pigeons. Outside of the parent's offensive sexist, and racist 'Karen' statement... I really don't think people have perspective these days. You think this is the era of officious busybodies?! Seriously? It's just that these days, things aren't covered up. Or, are seen more due to the Internet. For example, you think cops are MORE violent now? MORE racist? HELL NO! No, no, no! They're MUCH better than they were. Much. All of that needs to be stopped, of course, there's zero call for it. However in the past, you wouldn't even hear of it. A black man would be beaten to death, and it wouldn't even make the news! Go find an older black gentleman from rural Alabama from the 50s, and ask him some questions. Compare that, and police treatment, to now. So with respect to 'busybodies', I think you need to think back to small town American (and Canada, where I'm from), a mere 50 years ago. Canada is pretty much atheist now, and the US certainly is, compared to back then. And along with all that religious baggage, came the 'holier than thou' lot. Said lot would always work to dominate committees, town councils, you name it. Religious groups would constantly rail on TV series, movies, even newspaper comics like the 'Far Side' would get hate mail, over crazy silly supposed slights. The media was controlled, out of fear of retribution. Oh no, nothing you complain about now even remotely compares to that. And while I say "You literally, clearly, have no idea.".. don't feel bad. Feel lucky you don't. Canadian cities have suburbia, and public transit. Many have buses on main streets, which are typically a 2 or 3 block walk from side streets. Suburbia doesn't mean "have to have a car", it is just many like having cars. This sort of speaks to the prior poster, stating that many here are from big cities. Suburbia isn't low-density. It's only low-density compared to 'downtown'. Try living in actual, real rural areas. Where I live, houses are a mile apart! Yet bizarrely, we have fire stations, police, high speed gigabit internet, and more. And it isn't super expensive either. Note that they have a say in what you do with your land, too. Is it OK for someone to buy the house next door, and build a cafe? What about a night club, which has loud music and closes at 4am? How about a rendering plant? Or installing a large propane storage facility? Is there nothing you'd consider unsafe, unwanted, beside the house you just paid $500k for? Which is now worth $200k, and makes it horrid to live there? These laws, like all laws, are necessary. Where the problem sits, is when they go too far, or not far enough. There is a sweet spot for everything!