Does Coin have a future business model given the introduction of EMV? Did Fitbit just waste money buying them? Handguns. It's sad. I wish Microsoft had improved and advanced GDI instead of starting anew with WPF (now Jupiter) such that we had a 2D UI toolkit suitable for the modern world instead of multiple competing, but only partially overlapping, frameworks (e.g. WPF is useless if you're doing native C++ and, but GDI lacks intuitive modern graphics features). What strikes me is how Microsoft removed 2D hardware acceleration from GDI+ in Vista (wrecking performance, hence the shitty XOR operation framerate) and then introduced Direct2D without providing a clear upgrade path for developers. What also sucks is that GDI and Win32 are so heavily intertwined it means that other frameworks (like WPF, Direct2D, etc) cannot integrate as well. When a new UI framework comes out, my test is: "Can Adobe build the next version of Photoshop with this?". WinForms and WPF failed the test because they can only be run from within .NET applications. I was hopefull for Direct2D, but D2D is only a drawing API, there are no native widgets. XAML with C++ is nice in Windows 10, but I understand your application must run in the sandbox (for better and for worse) and when you use Win10 XAML you cannot use any UI code that uses any of the old-world code (e.g. Photoshop plugins). I'm also concerned that XAML prevents you from getting lower-level control over hardware (e.g. Deep-color support, hosting low-latency OpenGL contexts, etc). The sandbox requirement itself kills it for a lot of applications anyway. Today, if you're writing a C/C++ program for Windows that needs to display a native Windows checkbox on screen (i.e. the Common Controls library or the raw Checkbox window class), and you want to customise how that checkbox is rendered, then you're still stuck with GDI - the WM_Paint message gives you access to s GDI device context in RAM - so you have to jump through hoops to use it with another 2D library or widget toolkit. How do I get an opaque handle to the window's texture surface in VRAM for ultra-fast painting or low-level control? About six years ago I pretty-much single handedly wrote the entire backend for http://www.ComedyCalls.com and other sites like http://www.WakeUpDialer.com , http://www.CallMyLostPhone.com , http://www.BirthdayDialer.com , and others - see the links in the footer. The PSTN system is all in-house (and we pay a LOT less per-call than what Twilio, for example, charges). I have a 25% stake in the company - but I don't get much money myself, less than $1000/mo on average. This is because of our thin margins, and because my other business partners own the other 75% (50% is owned by the founder who created the sites back in 2008 using cheap outsourced labour that I was brought in to rewrite) and the other 25% is owned by another person for historical reasons. Furthermore because none of us spend much time on it anymore - or get much money from it - we're all very hesitant to spend money on marketing or advertising (we got marketing quotes starting at $5000/mo - and my co-owners are unconvinced that advertising would help at all), hence the impasse. We do plan to create some new additional sites and services that have higher margins, including launching a "Twilio-lite"-like API which would offer much less functionality (as our backend is not as sophisticated as theirs) but would also cost less per-call. But that, too, would require marketing to get the word out. If anyone here is a VC or is otherwise interested in investing for marketing, or is a marketing expert yourself, or interested in using our system - we'd be happy to talk a deal. We did sell one of our older sites to a web publishing company a few years ago that went for almost a six-figure value - but unfortunately for me, that was after I wrote the entire stack, but before I was granted part-ownership (so I was just paid for my time: 3 hours to set a clone of the system up on the buyer's infrastructure). One of my "rivals" - the creator of WakeUp.io posted his site to last month's "Show HN" thread, now it's my turn :) You don't need to for most open-source software. You are free to take any GPLv2 software, modify it and host it on your own servers and charge a usage fee, all without publicly releasing your changes - it's an unforeseen catch in certain open-source licenses that only requires source release if the customer can get their hands on the binaries - if it's accessed through a browser or over the network then they lose that privilege. "but because we made the search while Excel was opened, the function was auto-populated in the highlighted cell." - which version of Excel was this? The desktop version (2010, 2013, 2016?) or the XAML version? I'd be surprised if Cortana integrated with the desktop version, considering Office doesn't run in Windows 10's sandbox model, and Microsoft is only allowing sandboxed apps access to the cooler features of Win10. He's not saying it can't be done - but that it has serious economic and safety hazards that have not yet been addressed. My theory for that is different construction materials: cars built in the 1970s and 1980s become rust-buckets quite easily - but cars built after the mid-1990s use considerably better bodywork materials that don't need specialist care to maintain, especially a lot more plastic. I drive a 2013 Ford Focus and the entire front assembly is plastic - no way that's going to rust or corrode. I'm almost looking forward to selling it for a good price after the warranty expires. The name given to the semesterly release of Windows that came out a couple of weeks ago. Previously code-named "Windows Redstone". And Windows 8.1 was effectively SP1 there too, which added back the start button and other features. If there's anything Microsoft is consistent about, it's inconsistency. There's a lot of bad job ads crammed with keywords. One amusing ad I saw in my local Craigslist was advertising for an entry-level web-design gig. "Requirements: Working knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and C/C++". Tell them I'll do it for entry-level wages if they throw in a healthy amount of stock/equity :) Modern browser extensions are written in JavaScript, making them portable, verifiable, and easily sandboxed - not something you get with an executable binary blob that until very recently ran in the same permission context as the local user - which on Win9x through XP meant root. Handily (and amusingly), Microsoft's Edge extension API is designed to be compatible with Chrome's - I understand there's a degree of mutual-intelligibility with Firefix too. And aggressive caching just makes sense - consider people today with 10+ Chrome Windows open, all with 50+ tabs each - not even 10 years ago IE6 still ruled supreme - with one document per window. And even then machines had similar orders-of-magnitude of RAM as they do today - my 2006 rig had 4GB of RAM (XPx64) my current machine has 4 times that. When I was at Microsoft (DevDiv) we used AD, Forefront Identity Manager and an internal webapp called RAMweb to request to join controlled groups. Them being Microsoft everything was in-house, though I did work on a team that did use some external resources - we traded passwords on an ad-hoc basis - "trusted" SharePoint pages or shared OneNote documents mostly - but this was never anything sensitive - think: accounts for sites like HackerRank or Lynda. All of the startups I've been at use LastPass Enterprise, it works well. Java and JavaScript do the opposite: null values are represented by the string "null" ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24591212/why-the-coercion... ) - it's conceivable many programs processing strings would assume "null" in a string comes from a null value originally. I'd have thought road-marking interpretation would nowadays be based on something more elaborate, such as HOG, without the need for an initial edge-detection pass. (But in this case, I'll add that HOG doesn't solve the problem of overlapping old/new road markings) Surely something like the Windows app packaging / sandbox model would be implemented in userland - how the heck could it possibly BSOD a machine? That's just astounding. Uuuuhhhh. There are plenty of games that came out even 10 years ago that ostensibly have the "Designed for Windows XP" (even Vista) badges but that which refuse to run on Windows 10. Often it's to do with how they do graphics, which is a shame, because sandboxing like this is a great way to allow graphics to be shimmed. It isn't. All four OSes share the same kernel and many userland components, just the "shell" is different. I don't understand how this leads to a root exploit - I assume c-ares is running in userland inside a user's host process (a web-browser) - or if there is a systemwide daemon for DNS or other network services hosting c-ares then it should run under limited privilege. Which component is already running at root that allows this to happen? Historically "Chrome" refers to the shell of a web-browser that wraps the layout engine. Both Netscape and Microsoft used the word (internally at least) for this effect, while later Google would co-opt the term entirely for their product name. But yes, Firefox's user-stylesheet for XUL is called 'chrome.css' (or 'userchrome.css', I forget). Still no cure for VBA though. Hah! Your first paragraph makes me wish this site supported Markdown. I'm curious what the use case of memcpy is in highly-optimised software. Are there any scenarios where copying bytes is better than using a char*+length tuple? Microsoft didn't want to spook Intel too hard, that, and they wanted to motivate developers to buy into the sandbox "Store App" environment. So long as Win32 worked, why bother putting effort into designing an app specifically for Windows RT/8? There's another reason for Microsoft to allow full ARM development with the NT OS: Windows CE is dead, and I believe many IOT/Embedded shops might be too put off with other embedded systems - and/or don't want to rewrite their ATM UIs or Factory robot arm controllers (both historically the realm of WinCE) as Android apps or "Windows IOT" UWP apps. So saying "Windows 10 now also replaces Windows CE" is a good thing, especially given the relative ease of porting Win32/CE code to the full-fat Win32/NT implementation. I think this will only be news if we hear them announce unlocked ARM for all phones and tablets. It's still possible unlocked ARM is entirely up to the discretion of the OEM, not the user. That chart says that "PC games" amount for maybe $2-4bn in revenue in 2014 compared to console games' $20bn - that order-of-magnitude difference doesn't sit well with me at all. Where's the source data for this chart? I find it hard to believe that mobile games generate 5x more revenue than PC games. Wolfenstein 3D predates the Gameboy Color by six years (1992 and 1998 respectively), and was officially ported to the SNES in 1994, the Gameboy's contemporary TV video gaming console, so this isn't retrofutristic at all. On the contrary, because it has a low perceived value they make up for it with volume. Look at how Uber throws insanely high paper-valued equity to its hires. Similarly when I worked for a startup I was promised almost a full percent of a company they expected to grow to a hundred-million dollar valuation. $1m for a year's work? Can't go wrong with that. (Side note: I didn't get the equity as I was conveniently laid-off a few days before my cliff vesting date. Lovely...) They're still in submarine mode, though with fewer employees there now than when I was there. They have enough VC funding to last them a couple of years of zero revenue, though a friend of mine who is still there says they've secured a couple of high-profile business deals. That's all I know. The founder has a good track record - though I think he's looking to sell it before it gets that big. My friend there thinks whatever stock options he has will simply be diluted by equity sales during future investment rounds anyway. Sorry, yes, it was to vest over 4 years, but extra stock would be added annually - so after 4 years my equity might be $4m cumulative, which is $1m/yr on average. When seeking unvested equity matching, what kind of evidence does the hiring company typically seek to verify your request - or do they just take you by your word? I wonder if I could apply to Google or Facebook and claim I have $2m of unvested equity from an unnamed startup... So is that why companies issue options instead of direct equity because it spares the employees the hassle of dealing with actual ownership issues (K-1s, additional taxes, etc)? The problem with looking at just salary is that salaries all tend to cap out (in my area, Seattle, you'll be hard pressed to find anything above $160k, when you get to that point compensation really starts to skew in favour of equity - especially as RSUs or Options - sometimes an order of magnitude greater than salary (e.g. "Partner"-level rank at Microsoft is easily $1m/yr in RSUs, but only about $200k/yr in salary. To an extent... but their swansong vision of portable OPENSTEP was quickly shut down by Apple, which is a crying shame because if OPENSTEP was still around it would be keeping Microsoft competitive on the desktop front - instead of today's languished desktop developer story which remains frozen in 1998 (for Win32) or 2005 (for .NET). Now that Swift is open-sourced, I wonder if we'll see a good Cocoa port to Win32 and Linux - because that would be NEXTSTEP's legacy. Apple pretty much said that Cocoa would be the basis for all future work they do on Mac OS X since 2001, and they've continually improved it, such as adding new widgets, adding functionality to existing widgets, high-DPI support, and so on. I see there's a lot of DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) going on: there is only one GUI platform and UI toolkit for macOS: Cocoa. While the groundwork isn't new it is kept up-to-date. Compared to Windows where the "original" widget-toolkit (Window classes and the Common Control library) haven't been significantly updated since Windows XP - Wndows 7 did add some new controls, but they aren't exactly easy to use unless you're already a very experienced C++ Win32 GUI developer. The old low-entry-barrier dev story was VB6, which had a mix of Common Controls and ActiveX reimplementations, then it moved over to VB.NET and WinForms, which is a wrapper around the same - but the last significant update to WinForms was in .NET 2.0 in 2005 - Microsoft recently announced that they would not be adding true high-DPI support to WinForms, advising desktop app developers to use WPF or UWP instead - and therein lies a problem: WPF and UWP are both completely separate UI and application stacks. WPF is not perfect and like WinForms, hasn't seen much of an update for a while (it still runs on DirectX 9) and UWP is just confusing: it's arbitrarily limited to only run in a restricted sandbox environment, the standard widget library is very anemic (e.g. still no tree-view!) and it shares nothing in common with the rest of the entire Windows ecosystem. If you want to write a "real" Win32 desktop application you're best-off sticking with MFC, but there's so much legwork that's necessary, and legacy cruft (I swear the MFC codebase is still C++89 compatible) it just doesn't make sense for small applications, especially line-of-business systems that face constant changes, to be built with it. Compare with Cocoa on macOS where everything: from Microsoft Office and Adobe Photoshop, to the built-in Jigsaw Puzzle mini-game, is all built with the same framework. > I think be the end of the desktop paradigm. Think about how today's businesses generally use their employees: let's not beat about the bush: they're using Microsoft Office for producing documents and spreadsheets, doing research with Chrome, and (if applicable) creating business value using either line-of-business software ("Bob's Car Repair shop database in MS Access") or specialised content-creation software (Photoshop, AutoCAD). None of those use-cases can be fulfilled by recent interaction paradigms (i.e. smartphones, tablets, or voice-control). VR's useful for visualisation, but that's a very limited use-case, and VR has been used for architectural and civil-engineering visualization for decades anyway (e.g. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2CYLlSn1gA ). Granted, when considering an iPad paired with a keyboard - we see some of those use-cases become almost workable again (namely word-processing), but it's essentially the same thing as a traditional laptop - just with considerably more painful precision object manipulation due to the lack of a mouse cursor. I feel the biggest paradigm-shift over the past 10 years is the movement of database business applications away from Access, VB6, Delphi, etc to be web-applications, usually hosted locally, and more recently to being moved to multi-tenancy, subscription-based services ("the cloud") - this has now become acceptable to businesses: the trade-off of no-longer being in exclusive control of their data is increased uptime, reliability, and significantly reduced start-up and (usually) running costs - and being browser-based this has meant a shift away from WIMP - where an activity is contained within a small-ish, often fixed-size, "window", to a "page", which has its own interaction model (e.g. no more modal windows because you can always open a new browser tab). The next iteration of human/computer interaction we'll see that impacts our (society's) actual working lives will be something that enables me to be more expressive without resigning any degree of control over what I produce - and right now nothing does that better than a large display which lets me interact with multiple applications simultaneously, a keyboard with which I can enter commands or prose almost as quickly as I can think it (with a very low error ratio too), and a mouse for quick, precise, (gorilla-arm-syndrome-free) content/command selection. Until something comes along that enables me to be more productive for my employer the desktop interaction model will still reign. "Media" is still too vague. I would be blunt and say "Flash-like content authoring tool for HTML5" or "HTML5 Interactive Animation Editor". I believe the aim was not to repatriate cash, but to help tackle corruption in India, which is endemic, and often takes the form of literally under-the-table cash payments to public and local officials, policemen, and the like. By eliminating high-value cash it means these illegal transactions become less practical: illegal participants must either use larger amounts of less-valuable currency (passing bricks of notes isn't exactly subtle) or use foreign currency (harder to launder). The hope is that people would find it easier just to keep things above-board because all transactions become electronic, logged, and auditable. Though I'm sure some enterprising folks will find way to electronically launder bribe money somehow - I expect a lot of people to suddenly inherit money from long-lost foreign relatives. https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2017-01/pho-lnm01031... According to the press-release, a difference in distance of only 50m from a high-traffic road creates an observable 7% difference in dementia risk. I'd say it's very easy to both live in a city centre and live 50m away from a major road. If you're talking about a VR-type simulation where observable reality is simulated, but our consciousness resides in a 'higher' level, then yes, something like what you describe could be an example of falsifiable evidence of simulated reality. But in the case where we, ourselves reside entirely within a simulation (or whatever) then we're tied, lock-step, with the universe's time, and any jitters or pauses (even outright simulation termination) would be completely unobservable to observers within: the ants in SimAnt don't recognise when I pause the process in Task Manager. I see Dynamic SQL being used the most for custom queries that require dynamic columns, or especially, dynamic ordering. Using sprocs won't help you there as you still need Dynamic SQL under the hood. I think the best solution is something like Linq-to-Entities with manually defined order-by logic for each query (e.g. an enum defining the sort-order possibilities) or reflection-based matching, neither of which is pretty. It's cheap in Lithuania and other countries because they were was no significant prior investment in telecoms infrastructure, and the costs of deployment are generally lower too (cheaper labour, easier planning-permission) - so when it comes to deploying Internet access to a previously disconnected community it only makes sense to roll-out the bleeding-edge technology (e.g. FTTH). Whereas in the UK, BT was/is obsessed with squeezing every last drop of bandwidth from POTS connections - because the cost of upgrading everyone's last-mile connections from copper (or even aluminium in some cases) to fibre is very cost-prohibitive: look at the sheer cost the cablecos shouldered during the mass roll-out of coax in the early-1990s (and even then, it was only to boxes in the street, not houses) - I understand their near-bankruptcy from this move lead to them all coming together under NTL and Telewest, and then Virgin Media. (The only thing that is inexplicable is how even modern, brand-new housing developments still have unshielded copper last-mile connections instead of FTTH: they don't even lay conduits to make it easier for possible future FTTH... idiocy) Give the UK a few more years and there should be a mandate from above requiring FTTH and we'll see progress: maybe even 10Gig FTTH as standard, then the tables will turn and people in Lithuania will be stuck with their 1Gbps service until their next round of major infrastructure investment, potentially decades away. (I'm aware that Fibre is generally more future-proof than copper, and a high-quality fibre line that handles 1Gbps today can easily handle 10Gbps, and potentially 40Gbps or even 100Gbps in the future - so my entire argument may be moot) > There was a great moment in a previous series where Hilary Devey teased out of an applicant that they didn't own the source code for their own website. (I applied to present on Dragons Den for a robotics project I worked on as an extracurricular at uni - I pulled out when my research supervisor advised that we'd have no chance of having a demo in time) I understand the Dragons are briefed on the pitches beforehand, and I wouldn't be surprised if they sent their own legal team on the projects - who would dutifully tell them what questions they should ask to the 'contestants' on the show. ...not to say they couldn't possibly have thought of a question like that on-the-spot, on the contrary; but given how fake reality TV is in general (and the BBC is no exception) I'm not betting that what we see on screen is exactly, and only, what happens. You could use Sqlite for persistence, but a search index like Lucene for full-text searching - and Lucene runs great in constrained environments too. On Windows, there's EFS and NTFS ACLs for privacy (and BitLocker, of course). For portable encryption you can use 7-Zip with encrypted archives, and as a bonus: 7-Zip's archive manager lets you edit text files in-place (well, it does extract and recompress them when you're done, but the UX is such you don't need to mess around with file management yourself). The ROM is their copyright, so this is the same thing as someone at Universal records 'torrenting one of their artist's discographies and selling it on a DVD instead of using their own archives (though this analogy holds true only if Nintendo acquired an originally unauthorized ROM dump made by an unaffiliated third-party and simply repackaged it in the Virtual Console - it could also just be the case that Nintendo made their own ROM dump but used the same tools as the scurvy pirates, that way it would still have the same ROM file header). I'm far more interested to learn if the Virtual Console itself uses any open-source code to power the emulator - and if it means there's a potential GPL or other copyleft license violation going on - because that would be deliciously ironic for their very strong anti-(unauthorized)-emulation stance - what better endorsement than to have your own open-source emulator repurposed by Nintendo themselves? I was at Microsoft during the "great" mid-2014 layoffs when they eliminated 4/5ths of all SDETs in OSG (the Windows org). My division was one of the least affected, but not everyone was given the "musical chairs" treatment to find another job internally - seemingly that privilege was reserved only for those at the top of the "rank-and-yank" pecking order - presumably to avoid those perceived as being less-capable from taking an in-company job away from someone else being laid-off who was more desirable to retain. (I had a friend in MSFT HR at the time who confirmed that the 2014 layoffs were conducted by-algorithm and were absolutely not based on job-performance - hence why management had to resort to creative ways to retain people they wanted). Even for those who were granted the "privilege" of applying internally, it was incredibly stressful for them because now there was rampant competition for a limited number of places. The QA/SDET roles were hit the hardest because most of the open positions were exclusively SDE - and SDE hiring managers are reluctant to engage SDETs. What about the cases where the film distributors charge $x for the DVD version and $y (where $y > $x) for the BD version? - and you licensed the DVD version but played a BD torrent? Even in the cartridge days, game-devs still worked on patches and improvements for later publishing runs, so there can be many different versions of a cartridge game - and maybe the devs might have had even more recent builds of games that never got published because the publisher ended the run - so it's odd for Nintendo to go for the 'easy' route of repackaging an arbitrary version found online, compared to going through their own archives for something more recent, and presumably, of higher quality. What's an OBOE?