http://arxiv.org/ My current-model MacBook Air would be perfect with 1TB SSD and 16GB RAM,and removable battery. Yes, I would accept the portability hit. It's fast enough, and I'm deeply relieved that the backlit keyboard returned. This site may provide some help. They sold licensed fabric items on eBay that contained Disney characters. Repeat, licensed. Disney tried to take them down using DMCA and other strongarm tactics. They won against Disney using DIY techniques--no lawyers involved! I know it's not the same situation but you would be well advised to visit their site at http://www.tabberone.com/Trademarks/Articles/Tabberone/Fight... A lovely tribute, and a view of retirement that matches mine completely. One might also add simply that, Calvinistic though this may be, work is good for us. My father retired at 59 for reasons that are still unclear to me (he loved his job) and died a year later. Wonderfully written and a page turner. Bookmarked it but ended up devouring the thing in one sitting. Deserves widespread publication. Guo is a remarkable dude, and brutally honest. It's a tale of perseverance and canny self-promotion from a guy who is spectacularly good at learning from failure. I felt an almost parental joy upon reading the outcome. Publish this on Kindle, Mr. Guo! Andrew Youderian's posts are always perceptive. As a dude who runs all his own blogs, I have to admit he has me thinking twice about the whole self-hosting thang. Good for sites I know will achieve limited traffic (like my HOA), but WPEngine may be worth considering for bigger commercial sites. I do loves my own plugins, though. Text-only cached page: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://... Incredibly perceptive and amazingly employee-centric. I've learned a lot of this the hard way. i didn't know there was a cross-platform emoji problem Politically incorrect question for Rebol jocks: Doesn't Red ( http://www.red-lang.org/ ) appear to have the vitality lost years ago by Rebol? Am seriously not trying to be rude to Carl Sassenrath, Rebol's inventor. Just discovered Rebol lately so am not very tuned in to the ecosystem. But Red has been open source for some time, it appears to be dramatically faster, and seems to be free of Carl's understandable urges to keep some kind of control in an anarchic world? I say this as someone trying to decide which one to invest my very limited non-work time in one of these two very worthy projects. http://www.web2py.com By far the most comprehensive, most underrated Python framework (actually, any web framework) that I know of. Incredibly complete library. Fantastic community. Most responsive project creator/manager-place is a dream. Agree with the conclusion, but some of the reasoning is unsound. This statement is patently untrue: "This doesn’t mean you can attract smart hackers to your language just by running an advertising campaign though. Sun tried that with Java, but a: their marketing was too explicit, and it just seemed like one company trying to push its own technology, and b: Java itself is a detestable language. So, in addition, it seems like language quality is not something you can make up for in marketing." It implies that Java failed in the marketplace. It did not. It has taken and kept huge market share. Sadly, it is the language most employers are hiring for. I would rather poke myself in the eye with a pencil than program in Java, but it has most certainly succeeded in the enterprise. Little puzzled here. How is it a "mistake"? A mistake is dropping a teacup while you're washing dishes. This is a deliberate act of ridicule. Little puzzled here. How is it a "mistake"? A mistake is dropping a teacup while you're washing dishes. This is a deliberate act of ridicule. I use all-free photos from these places http://morguefile.com/ http://www.photorack.net/ http://publicdomainclip-art.blogspot.com/ (found at article: http://webmarketingfree.com/free/royalty-free-photos-top-3-f... ) We all know these things never work as well as the demos. Well... this worked as well as the demo. Better, actually--I was literally finished before I knew it because I didn't see the real-time update on the right at first. A deceptively simple UI and beautifully implemented. Useful, well conceived--I'm quite impressed. Are there any pictures of completed WikiHouses anywhere? Couldn't find one via web search. This also serves as a clear illustration of SQLite internals and DBMS internals in general without thick clots of rubbish jargon. Nice. If you're interested in database implementation this neatly covers a multitude of topics. That's awesome, because I almost never rent clerks. Ba dum dum. We do get that she was an admitted terrorist and conspired to murder a man, right? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emma_Goldman#Homestead_plot Been a while since I looked at ELF but it would sure be nice if it used, say, a well-defined ELF subset to make use of the many ELF tools out there already. Amazing how much you wedged into 995 bytes. I have to admit, I would have been willing to pay 997 or 988 bytes for it, but I'm a big spender ;-) A lot of jargon. Not much information. It did not inspire me to visit his blog. "Colleague" is the term used in some European languages. But really--get over yourselves. No one really cares. Thank you for pointing out lobste.rs. I like it. Can you issue me an invite? How did I not know this! Elegant. Thank you. Fantastic having it appear before anything else the shell does. incredibly tight work: ss14-team-15.divshot.io/js/framework7.css ss14-team-15.divshot.io/framework7/js/framework7.js Not a shrink but all these symptoms point to depression. Strongly suggest you visit clergy, therapist, or some other caring but impartial person. No shame in that. You wouldn't treat your own MS or gallstones. Article does not address licensing terms; what's in it for Unity? Rice cooker #3: Do farmers have the time or inclination to photo, name, and update the status of individual sheep? For those who don't know, Hendershott wrote Cakewalk, the most popular music-creation software on the PC. He knows his stuff. It's also an engaging article, esp for us old C/C++ hacks who get nervous around Lispy things. That's a whole lot of words to replace "In vino veritas". Also explains why teetotalers like me are sometimes considered suspect. Another cinematic application for a rabbit-proof fence: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0246578/ Is starvation more safe? Article does not address danger to aircraft. I grew up in a place I don't want to return to. Also, I have two handicapped kids, one of whom will need round-the-clock care long after I'm dead. I got sick (at 21) of crappy bosses. And finally, I chose a good field to work in (programming) I became highly self-motivated at 21 because I was a dropout & knew I had to be better than my degreed peers to get an equally good job. It was either go to college, then get some crappy job as a teacher, or find an area of programming so challenging that it scared other programmers (back then, it was embedded systems and compiler implementation). Ever since I decided at 21 to become a programmer (despite having absolutely no tech background) I have studied for my next job while I'm working the current one. At 34 Microsoft hired me with no resume despite the fact that I was old and the last thing I graduated from was middle school. One thing I always keep in mind is this: are there people dumber than I am doing better than I am in whatever I happen to be doing at the moment? If the answer is yes, then I know I can be just as successful simply by working as hard as I need to until I'm as good as they are, or maybe a little better. Have been CEO of my own company for 14 years now, but continue to study current programming practices and to do interesting projects with them. No matter what job I have had, no matter how good, I have always operated under the assumption I could lose it all tomorrow, and that I would be facing stiff competition for jobs. I avoided Silicon Valley because it was too much of a pressure cooker. Instead I lived in more laid back areas that still had some tech presence. This let me live a moderately balanced life despite essentially working 2 jobs at all times. Had I gone to Silicon Valley I knew, even in the late 80s, I would be slave to an 80 hour-per-week job and end up, in all likelihood, with nothing to show for it. I read the industry and business press carefully from afar & kept a close eye on what was doing well and where the market was underserved. I tried to match my skills to holes in the market. My approach can be scary because I have to take on more risk, but the rewards have been better. Because of this I invested lots in Microsoft stock in the late 90s when everyone said they were dead. Their past, and their P/Ls, said something very different. The stock I owned went up 1300% during this time because everyone else, including Microsofties, was trying to get out if it. (I exited at the peak.) This money helped me invest in the business I own now. It was also a risky buy at the bottom of a market. I have more than one paid-for house and no debt but I still keep up my skills. Though my income is very good, even in my 50s I am ready to work as a developer or architect if my company shuts down tomorrow. By being barely smarter than Gene Simmons. Michael Crichton directed IIRC. No disrespect meant; I don't know either one of you. But is it possible your work is in fact subpar? This has happened to me (I was the one who needed to improve). I urge you to look at your work in that light and see things from your coworker's perspective. That was a generous and fascinating answer. You're a force to be reckoned with. What are you doing now? Have you finished your studies? "Start Small, Stay Small" by Rob Walling. Discusses how to get a one-person business going for the least possible cost & time. http://goo.gl/ztkc3t "web2py Complete Reference Manual, 6th Edition Prerelease", by far my favorite Python framework and being used for my new startup--see above! http://goo.gl/2kdl6O "Field of Prey", John Sandford, a well-written thriller. http://goo.gl/F8QCoe I've purchased virtually every MacBook Air model. Even the earliest, slowest ones were (barely) acceptable for XCode and YouTube simultaneously. Modern versions, very much so. If you can, buy the maximum RAM. Expensive, I know. Obviously the more SSD you can afford the better. I'm a complete idiot. You're right--it's well worth printing a single card at position 1 (or 0 ;-) and throwing away the rest of the sheet. Doh! Also, thank you for giving me the search term "id card printer". I didn't even come close with my fumbling attempts at things like "print business cards 1 at a time" and so forth. Thanks. I didn't know these existed either. I'm learning a lot today. Done and done. Thank you. I also did not know about integrated cards, aka integrated forms. These are almost certainly my best bet on further consideration. Thank you. I have use snapnames many times. You may consider it expensive ($70/pop) but it's so reliable that it's well worth the peace of mind for me. I kept rooting for a flood fill algorithm. I was a late starter and I am a slow learner. I was desperate to get into the computer field but couldn't afford college. When I saw the friendly September 1983 cover in a Crown bookstore I instinctively felt like I was home. Back in those days you could find lots of recycled crap by authors who knew nothing but how to cash in on the microcomputer craze, or tons of abstruse theory without any examples. COMPUTE fixed both problems, teaching the theory behind the code it presented while staying accessible. COMPUTE shepherded me to what has been to me an enormously successful career (great jobs, fascinating work, complete independence, no debt, the ability to take care of two medically expensive children, and my house paid for). The writing was lively. It was actually edited. Even the colors and illustration were buoyant but not condescending. The best programs in those days were written in assembly, but assembly listings were way too long, no one knew assembly, and no one could afford an assembler. So most magazines had to repurpose Hangman and Hunt the Wumpus every third article. COMPUTE's innovative answer was MSX, which allowed users the ability to get a professionally created machine language program without having to subscribe to expensive online resources or to mail in for an expensive floppy disk. MSX was ingenious and no other magazine had anything like it. It was a short BASIC program you would use to enter the numbers shown (not the first column). The two-digit columns were converted by MSXX to a binary executable. It then wrote the program straight into memory. You could then save your finished program on tape or disk. The rewards could be splendid. The December issue shown on the right featured Speedscript, a good enough word processor that I was able to make a living with it for years as a technical writer. (Had to hook up an electric typewriter to my PC via a parallel interface gizmo.) Yes, it took me probably 4 hours to enter, but I was literally able to earn a living with it. Another revolutionary program was Laser Chess. It spawned many imitators, some thriving to this day. I confess I never played it because I was actually too jealous, despite a lifelong interest in strategy games. The game was so good, it just hurt too much. empressplay's remark about checksum problems is sort of true. It had a crude checksum feature that worked line by line, and occasionally a false positive went through, requiring you to spend a few hours retyping the program. Stil, the only other way you could find new apps this good was to pay way more than the price of a magazine. COMPUTE actually paid decently, so you even saw people like Orson Scott Card on the payroll. He edited one of my articles but I hadn't read Enders Game. My editor Clifton Karnes is and always was both a first-rate programmer and commercial-quality graphic artist, and was a wonderful editor to boot. I've made lots of money, bought way too many guitars, and got to work at one of the greatest companies in the world (Microsoft's dev tools division at their peak), but few things were as thrilling as when I became a writer and then columnist for COMPUTE! It had given so much to me--literally, a dream career in very dark times--that I still grateful to be a part of their history. RIP, COMPUTE! And thank you for 30+ years of working awesome jobs, all of which may have gone into the bitbucket without that first September 1983 issue. Brilliant! I really wish I thought of that one! Is there a way to add lists, ideally with multiple columns?