> Just the fact "grind Leet Code" is a recommendation to someone who's most recent job title was CTO and has written two books may be a sign these interviews are broken. Well, I'm sorry you have to go through the same ropes that we peasants do, you highness. > I'm just curious what you're expecting to have changed since the last time a post like this was made (you did say "every time I see..." so you've certainly seen many). Hire me inflated ego without any tests, of course. God forbids I have to do anything to get a job that will put me in a bracket of earning more than 99.99% people in this world. And you have a source to something? Or just a usual Wundowz 8 bed? There are plenty of companies with low hiring bar. What an amazing architecture. Shows just how ugly and deplorable modern architecture is. > DS/A don't actually translate to a real-world bar. It's more parallel to "have you been to and passed college?" which is probably not what you want. Any study that can confirm that? [flagged] > Are they just trying to virtue signal and act woke? Yes. > Yes, is signalling your virtues and acting .. "aware of what is going on, or well-informed, especially in racial and other social justice issues"... bad? If it harms others, then yes. Just yesterday I read about lawsuit where white male was fired to hire two females. Which is a direct consequence of diversity virtue signaling. I worked for both, you're wrong. The difference between fintech and traditional banks is that former treats tech as revenue driver and latter as cost center and it feels in literally every step. Crypto is not financial innovation. > There are entire classes of financial instruments in use today that could not exist in the tradfi ecosystem. Such as? > Cities often don't have one specific point in the center (America's zoning is absolutely horrendous and forces this to happen) and so businesses, restaurants, shopping, activities, and so on are fairly equally spread across towns. That is absolutely not true. There's a reason why it is called center in the first place. Amsterdam, for example is completely flooded by tourists in the center and not so much outside of it. > In Japan, supply and demand meet, and a new 3 bedroom house in Tokyo is like 400K USD [edited for current data] - right around the cost of construction. Uh uh, apartment, not a house. There's a huge difference. > No principle says everyone should be able to live in San Francisco. This. I don't understand why people think that it's their fundamental right to live somewhere where they want. What does this has to do with my message? If there's a place - sure, join. But it's not your fundamental right to move everyone because you want to be there. > are much more willing to accept apartments. That's the problem. Apartment is inhumane by default. No privacy, no private space. They shouldn't accept them. Own as in own a garage, I wouldn't want to live there though. I don't want to hear my neighbors music, kids, party, someone having sex. I don't want to participate in group meetings. I don't want to deal with flooded ceiling or looking at another apartments when I look out of the window. I don't want to hear that me and my wife are walking to loud when we've just arrived from work. That's just off the top of my head. > I've found this technique to be extremely successful. That's just survivorship bias waiting to explode. Also, they're successful by some arbitrary metric that is applicable only to your company. The is heavily biased to people who did X. Why are you so upset that somebody considers themselves smarter than you? Serious question. > Because the most common say to day issue is needing to think of an algorithm on the spot... Are you trolling? Everything that you do as an engineer is coming up with an algorithm. Algorithm is how you solve a problem, how you think about constraints and requirements. There's glue code, but nobody wants to work with people only capable of doing glue code. When was the last time somebody asked you to implement some text book algorithm? All the FAANG interviews I had were about some leetcode problem where you had to be familiar and use some algorithm, not write it from scratch. > Is upset Nobody is going to write such a rant if they're not upset. >> Typical FANG employee... Hates whiteboard interviews until they get into FANG, then thinks that anyone outside of FANG is actually delusional about their skills and must whiteboard to prove themselves worthy of handling the incredibly challenging world which is FANG- engineering. > Interpreted the parent comment as being smarter than OP >> More likely that you've drank the kool aid that you are somehow special and smarter for working at a FANG... ??? > Another way of looking at low-code is to take an even bigger step back, and look at the history of programming from the start. Python is low-code relative to C++; C and FORTRAN are low-code relative to assembler; assembler is low-code relative to machine language and toggling switches to insert binary instructions directly into the computer’s memory. That is the most stupid thing I've read in a while. There no such people. Only idiots being obtuse and moving their agenda using bogus comparison. OK. There's nothing platform-specific about C# and Kotlin. That doesn't make it no-code or low-code. It's just a high level programming language that's more efficient at solving one problem than another. > I think I have trained my brain so much on rapid skimming of websites for useful info No, your brain just tricked you. It trained you into thinking that you're doing rapid research of useful info, while it just looks for path of least resistence. > Clean code... To this day I cringe when I see methods/functions over 20 lines long.. Or when I see commented code blocks in one function.. To this day I cringe when I see dogmatic opinions of a fraud taken like an absolute truth. > that insist to haze potential hires with live-coding & whiteboarding tests even though folks have 10+ years of experience. Don't see any problem here. I've met my share of "10+" years of "experience". Except Electron is 8 years old, and Compose desktop has started active development half a year ago. Yep. Let's return back to times when only rich and wealthy were able to afford meat. > that is, imperative style Yikes. Just switch to Java already. > who both understands those advanced concepts and is not a FP fanatic. Oxymoron. Apparently "best tool for the job" means find he bottom of the barrel that can still engage somehow with the codebase. This Idiocracy went to the point where returning function pointers gets questioned during code review because "this might be too complex compared to imperative call". > Kotlin is an unmaintainable soup of features Are you sure you're not confusing Kotlin with Scala? > For example, Kotlin has null safety and it lets you write code using errors-as-values style "either" types - but it has two completely separate syntaxes for these things, and so it's impossible to interoperate or reuse code between those two approaches And that is a problem how? Stick to one style. > In practice Kotlin codebases still use magical incomprehensible reflection (Spring Boot) https://github.com/spring-projects-experimental/spring-fu/tr... > and magical compile-time manipulation (Kapt) There's nothing magical about it. We do code submission instead of LC. Believe me, most candidate are complete, utter shit. And that's without even hiring them. I'd rather filter out good candidate than let bad in. It's a domino effect. You let one bad, he will hire more in the future. It's the other way around, from my experience. People who can write a program without any setup can solve it even on paper, while people that are hardwired to specific setup or IDE quickly froze when you ask them for something. > Sounds perfectly reasonable to me. Sounds like a mental gymnastics to me. Definitely much more subjective than algorithm interview. This is subjective. > I think that staying employed as a software developer for 10+ years is a good indication of skill, far better than any random coding assignment. As someone who has been doing interviews for as long as 2 years, wrong . I've seen at least 15 candidates that had 5-15 years of experience and we're complete shit. As in no redeemable qualities in terms of tech assignment. How is skin color, ethical or gender are related to their point? > Should we throw all the female applications in the trash because they're statistically not as likely to be developers? What do you mean? > If they are bad how do they get into a position that lets them make hiring decisions? We have flat hierarchy. Just volunteer to interview because your voice is on the same level as others. Anything else aside from whataboutisms?