For a few years now, I've been working on an autonomous vehicle ( https://github.com/gtagency/buzzmobile ) that some friends and I hack on. We just recently hit what I'd call 1.0 in terms of a huge system refactor to make the entire system much more robust and testable. I started working on this recently: https://github.com/joshuamorton/tut , and might go back to it. After seeing Kenneth Reitz's Pipenv I wanted to do something similar but a bit more extensive that included testing tools and some other stuff. And tut is the WIP result. Think Cargo for python. Heh, we're a student organization, so there's lots of membership turnover, and that forced us to really upgrade our documentation and build tools over the last year to prevent all kinds of weird issues and allow quick onboarding. I made it my mission over the last year or so to build something better than rosunit and rostest, because having to more or less copy launch files for every test seems arduous. I ended up with the test_utils library that we'll probably spin off into its own package soon, but its a much, much nicer interface for writing tests for ros, and at this point seems to be relatively stable, with one or two minor changes I need to make. Glad its helpful! Neither could I, but that was also well beyond the scope of my Google interviews. > That is, I'd conjecture that the good developers who can (or want to) memorize algorithms and regurgitate basic CS knowledge are one kind of capable dev, and the good developers who rely on tools to a greater degree are another kind of dev. Call them types A and B. I really dislike this characterization. I'm a googler. I've never tried to, or needed to, memorize algorithms. I don't know if this characterization comes from misunderstanding, rationalization, or what, but in my experience at least, neither do most of my coworkers. That is, I at least don't recall a rote algorithm when interviewing In fact in one of my interviews (not at google, but I could see a similar question happening there) I had to derive a solution to a problem in a space I was totally unfamiliar with (locking and multithreading). It seems like, if you assume (incorrectly) that somehow you can't cheat the system, Google is selecting for people who can solve unfamiliar, complex, problems by applying first principles. That is, I think, orthogonal to the idea of 'theoretical or practical' computer scientist. Indeed we do. So, I think my biggest issue with your A/B dichotomy is that I don't see it. That is, in school, in myself, in coworkers, there isn't this large group of people who are trying to do all the theory at the expense of practicality, as opposed to this group of stuff-accomplishers who aren't theoreticians. I mean, occasionally those people exist, both the "fuck it I'm going to sit down and type until it works" people and the "I must understand this concept before I write a single line of code" people. But as you say, everybody is a mix of both, and I think most people are nearer the middle than the sides, which makes the possibility of mild bias towards one side or the other a lot less harmful than you maybe expect. Interesting, when I read those answers, what I see is more or less people saying "management can sometimes be downright bad, and is often stupid". I very much doubt that many of the people (broadly) deciding which products to support and which to drop were hired via a new-grad-like interview process. For things like moonshots/other bets, the "build something awesome but don't monetize it" makes a lot of sense, since the entire point of that division seems to be "build something awesome and see if it is sustainable too". More often than not, unfortunately, the answer is no. In fact, if anything, I'd reverse the cause and effect in your idea. If we presuppose that there is this dichotomy in people and it affect google's motives and goals as a company, then this would influence the tech hiring practices to be the way they are, not vice versa. If you check hacker news and reddit threads from the original posting, that note wasn't on the article when it was originally posted. It was only added later, but apparently still before anyone archived it. Edit: I'm mistaken, however I'll say what I said then again: The note does nothing to show that he actually understands the statements he's making. The note gets the definition of turing completeness wrong too . Except that the original statement isn't really that you can't write a python2 interpreter in python3. In fact, I'm quite sure that those exist somewhere on github, but that there wasn't some kind of transparent interop between py2 and py3. That is, why can't the cPython3 implementation of the python3 language also execute python2 code? To which I think the simplest response is "why can't the gcc implementation of the C++ language spec link arm-compiled C++ and x86-compiled C++?" numpy on pypy may well solve that issue for python though. Pypy is as fast as or faster than c/c++ in some applications/benchmarks. And with python (or interpreted langs in general) you gain a repl, a shorter write -> compile -> test loop, and generally speaking a higher rate of development. I'd agree though, I do want some way to deploy a "python binary" that isn't essentially a virtualenv. I don't know what this statement is supposed to mean, could you rephrase or elaborate? (am googler, but don't work with any of the mentioned products) Keep in mind that all of these products in many cases compete with other companies (music -> spotify, apple, ytr -> netflix/hulu originals, kinda, YTL -> twitch, YTTV -> cable providers). I, as a consumer, wouldn't want these things to all be bundled. I use spotify for my music, and I don't want to have to pay for Play Music or youtube red unless I use those services. I can't even imagine how some kind of "unified google media" thing would work. Right, but from my perspective as a consumer, at least right now, the only service I'm even remotely interested in is YTTV, and the reverse would be even worse. If I didn't want the YTTV package, there's no way I'd pay $40/mo for play music or whatever. A la carte models are a lot more efficient, the reason I don't like cable (and comcast) is because of bundled services, why on earth would I want to move to another, even more bundled, service? Plus you've only handled the subscription portion, even if somehow we fix that. Where do I view this content? Is there a unified media dashboard that connects to 3 parts of youtube, play, and such? I guess my basic point is that these services seem useful for entirely different groups of people. Why would consumers want them bundled, either technically or economically, and similarly, why would Google? Right but I think that most people have used a bank, telphony company, or prescription drugs in the past. OTOH, depending on how loosely or tightly you define what snapchat is ("ephemeral image communication platform", "image communication platform", "communication platform", "social media", "news aggregator"), there are huge groups of people that have never used snapchat or any competing products. There are lots of people in the US who have never used snapchat, instagram (stories), whatsapp, or even facebook messenger (the app specifically), which are the closest comparisons to snapchat. I think that's the point. They have extremely powerful targeting data: geolocation. Afaik, one of snap's biggest revenue sources is geolocked filters. (note I'm not the original commenter). I currently have fb messenger, snapchat, groupme, and twitter on my phone. I mainly use the first 2. I've never used whatsapp or instagram at all. Jits are magic man. Like I said, it depends on the application. For numerical-heavy code, where you're going to be using numpy hooking into MPI or LAPACK, C or similar code will win, it takes more advantage of things. For more complex code, say a webserver, pypy can compete and win, because pypy gets the advantage of, after the jit warms up, essentially profile guided optimization, which means that pypy can, assuming there's some kind of loop (there always is), optimize the hot code paths, and the surrounding code to abuse hot code paths, and it can optimize the hot code paths really really well, better than gcc could normally, because it has additional information (pypy knows how the code is being used at runtime, whereas gcc only knows what information is available to the compiler: types and directives really). Few other apps that I'm aware of provide live advertisements for events happening nearby as part of your natural use of the app in a really noninvasive way, and provide incentive to share those advertisements. Snapchat geofilters are non-invasive and will be seen in normal app use, but don't really bother you. They can inform you of events happening nearby or, if you're at an event, you can use the geofilter when snapping, which shows your friends that you endorse the event/product/whatever, in a totally transparent, opt-in way. That's super powerful. I really want to see some comments from SREs (or similar) at major companies on this. It seems like a lot have a rollback first, ask questions later policy, and I'd love to hear about how they mitigate or flat out avoid the problems described in this article, or if I'm just mistaken. I think a big problem now is that the sites are capable of tricking people. That is, if you have a "turing test" for reliable content website, blogspam.forums.net with 2000 backlinks and such obviously doesn't pass. On the other hand, Reuters.com does. But so does theonion, and Breitbart and random_russian_conservative_propoganda_site.us, and so it becomes a lot harder to differentiate the good from the bad without explicity curating by experts, because the sites can trick non-domain-expert humans, so what hope does a bot that hasn't tried to learn domain expertise of the topic have? No, that was valid, concise, actionable feedback. Your original post was flippant and was not actionable. Although since gpkit almost assuredly uses the cPython c abi, and there is no emscripten backend for cPython, even this (much less flippant and much more actionable and valid) feedback isn't actually actionable because you cannot execute python+some c module using emscripten. I think its just as easy to memorize 'design' questions as 'whiteboard' questions. Not every whiteboard question is "implement a linked list", in fact I'd argue that's very rarely the case (or maybe I'm wrong and I've been insulated from these interviews). Most of my whiteboard interviews have involved a relatively small amount of actual coding (I think I had one question that was more than ~15 loc in python, and I've interviewed a few times). The rest was taking a relatively abstract problem presented in English and understanding it, removing ambiguities, and discussing tradeoffs with the interviewer. After that, a recursive function or a hash map or whatever is really easy. >>Therefore it was showing signs of not scaling. Perhaps, although it seems as though it was less "not scaling" and more "someone exploited our system to spin the CPU" from my reading of the thread. >"flippant" means "not showing a serious or respectful attitude" And I hold to the claim that a 2 word response to an ask HN is absolutely flippant. Please explain to me what is actionable about "Doesn't scale"? That is a problem. Or, well, it could be a problem, it might not be a worry for them, but lets assume it is. "Doesn't scale" isn't actionable. Had your second post been the only post you made here, I don't think we'd be having this discussion, because while in this case it turns out to be not very helpful, it is at least actionable. They can look into emscripten and python, see that it probably won't work in this case, and move on. "Doesn't scale" doesn't do that. Its the difference between feedback that is "you have a lisp" and "you have a lisp, try practicing speaking lyrically or rhythmically and it might disappear." It might help, it might not, but its actionable. "you have a lisp" isn't actionable. I'll quote the Show HN Guidelines: >Instead of "you're doing it wrong", suggest alternatives. When someone is learning, help them learn more. As for what you think of my comment, I have a few objections to your statement: 1. I don't actually see an 'ad hominem' anywhere, I only commented on your original comment and how your feedback was unhelpful. No commentary on the user, only the content. Please specify where I did, because I would prefer to not go around attacking people on HN, even unintentionally. 2. I went so far as to complement your second post and say that it was an example of good feedback. 3. You didn't post a Show HN, there are no guidelines on my feedback to you ;) That said, if your emscripten suggestion was made in good faith and not just a CYA "suggestion", I apologize, I misread your tone. And like I said "you have a lisp" isn't actionable feedback. It is a factual statement, but it suggests no action, and in fact, the person with the lisp likely already knows. Because "it doesn't scale" doesn't imply that you need to increase capacity right now. "It doesn't scale" could mean that "this will be problematic when you have 2,000,000 users", or as you used it, it could mean "I can't get to your site right now". Personally I don't consider "it doesn't scale" to mean "I can't use your app right now". Which comes back to my core point, once again, that your original post, "Doesn't scale", isn't actionable feedback, it didn't clearly convey any immediate problem nor did it provide a clear action to follow. The fact that you've had to clarify your post to multiple other users should be evidence of that. How do you mean? By "removal of ambiguity", I'm talking about when someone poses a problem like "Write a function to recognize an IP Address". My first thought is then "ipv4 or ipv6", because that problem is underspecified, and I don't want to inadvertently solve the incorrect problem (which is kind of a case of the xy problem) Or similarly, the application is multithreaded and the list length at `idx = randint(list.length)` time is greater than the next line `obj = list[idx]`, when you pick one of the last few indices and objects are removed. >The fallout of these disclosures potentially contributed to a building coup attempt in Turkey by forces loyal to the US (which the US tacitly supported) that burst just a week after the disclosures. I thought the conclusion was that that coup attempt was more or less theater by Erdogan. Organized with his approval and prior knowledge, destined to fail, and used to enact martial law. (am google) To be fair, if you use google maps, and don't have any ethical issues with helping googler, you do get a return on investment, in that you get improved ML capabilities and improved address recognition in google maps. (disc: googler) How could you make an open standard for this? Do you mean an open standard for apps-in-email? Or an open standard for doing things in gmail? I've used discord. My family is never going to use discord or a discord-like app. For that, we need sms or MMS. One of the problems with discord is that it becomes very bloated to use (fromm mobile). It takes 3-4 interactions to get to the friends list so I can message someone. With sms/mms/allo/fb messenger, I open the app and my friends list is just right there, staring me in the face. Optimized for different usecases comes to mind. I was speakng about android. I think there's a vast difference between 0 and 2-3 interactions. I mean in many ways, Discord is 2 apps in one, you swap between them by swapping between the servers and friends views, and I think its worth recognizing that fact. Choose your own adventure books are still reading though. I think that there's also a much more similarity with analyzing a novel than reading one for pleasure. Reading code has a much greater mental tax than pleasure reading, it requires more focus to actually put together what's going on, and that's similar to analyzing a novel for a report, where you might read the same passage 4-5 times, taking notes. Or even better yet, analyzing a poem, which are often short (and often obey 80 char line width rules!) and analyzing them can require a great amount of focus and thought to decide why a poet used this word in this way, and what meaning they intended to convey and such. That's much more similar to reading code than reading a novel, and I expect also less common. So what counts as evidence? Differences in hiring rates, different percentages of the workforce, pay gaps, lack of advancement, mountains of anecdata? Because it seems like when confronted with data, people are quick to shout "correlation" and "cultural factors". How exactly is farting inappropriate? Right, but I'd argue that doing that is also something that could be construed as harassing your coworkers. Perhaps not in the common usage sense, but certainly in the "spitting on someone is assault and grabbing a coworkers ass is sexual harassment" sense. I wouldn't consider letting out a fart anymore inappropriate than excusing oneself to go to the bathroom, but doing either in a way that you know will disrupt and cause coworkers discomfort is inappropriate and harassing, not because of the act itself, but because of how you handle it. Its worth pointing out that this doesn't help you much. I have 3-4 email addresses, from @gmail to @myuniversity to @mywebsite. I send and receive all of my mail from a Inbox though. Well I didn't really have a point to be made, just a general informational statement. However, claiming that I'm violating your trust if you send me an email is a bit of a strong statement, don't you think. You said >I might be misplacing my trust and share things with people who end up sharing it with third parties, violating my trust I take that as "If I send an email to someone and they share it with third parties, they are violating my trust...Google/gmail is one such third party." I think it is worth noting for everyone that this really is a form of impostor syndrome, and people should take note that even someone who is very highly regarded is susceptible to that kind of thing. For what its worth, having dabbled in some visualizations of concepts, its really difficult, and I didn't find that the available tools were well suited for mathematical visualization. Its really unfortunate that to be able to present something intuitively, there's a very high technical skill floor as well as a relatively high artistic floor. Time I need to spend managing clients is time I don't spend on self improvement or development. I'd prefer to specialize and be a better software developer than a decent software developer and mediocre client wrangler. I think the fact that you call java not-compiled, but python interpreted shows your misunderstanding in this area. Both run exactly the same way, they are compiled into an intermediate bytecode which is run in a "VM". The normal Java VM has a JIT, the normal python VM does not, but pypy does and achieves performance on par with some of your compiled languages, at the cost of reduced c compatibility. I know C, Java, python, and a limited amount of javascript and go. I prefer writing python. And, for plugins, there are enormous downsides to using something that is compiled (C, go). that was a typo. "not-interpreted" was my intended statement. And I'd love for you to show me a python variant that is compiled in the same way that C is compiled. The closest is nuitka, which...isn't. I have two chrome profiles on my work desktop. One, my work profile has gmail, calendar, drive, keep, spotify, and fb messenger pinned. The other has nothing pinned, but is logged in to reddit, hn, my personal email, youtube, etc. I get my work done and no one seems to care. As the other user mentioned, those are compiled in the same way java is compiled, but not in the same way that C is compiled. They still need an intermediate VM to run. It is about 80% an instance of the sunk cost fallacy, but RSU payout is based on past performance, so higher performing employees will be granted more RSUs. That means that if you got a 10% RSU bonus over average due to performance, you'd be losing out on a portion of your compensation for your past work. Also there's something to be said for "the mirage I know is better than the mirage I don't know". Although in general I'd agree, if you're capable of performing well at one of the big guys, you can probably go to any of them, and get a starting bonus to offset your "losses". Lower than in Bay/NYC, but still good, partially offset by the lower state tax rate, and (signing) RSUs aren't any lower than in the Bay, which means that take home pay for someone in Colorado after rent can be higher. A good place to start would be poking around github for "CS 2110 gatech gameboy". CS2110 is the intro-to-low-level course at Georgia Tech, and about the middle third of the course could be described as "getting comfortable with C syntax in the completely foreign environment of a gameboy advance by writing games". As a result, there are some provided libraries that are very extensive. For everything else, there's tonc. Most of the time the course doesn't cover the more advanced features (mode 0? or was it 4, or 6 that did sprites and textures) but it was a fun introduction to something, and I got to write flappy bird in C when flappy bird was still culturally relevant. Take a look at SQLAlchemy/django's ORMs. Personally I have two uses, one is in proprietary code, but the idea is basically use python to generate json, but allow incoherence of json pieces via natural python flows. (metaclasses specifically allowed me to reverse the flow of creating objects, so that visually, code wouldn't look like inner1 = JsonObject(config) inner2 = JsonObject(config) outer = JsonObject(config, children=[inner1, inner2]) but instead class outer(JsonObject): inner1 = JsonObject(config) inner2 = JsonObject(config) _config = config ish. With this isn't not clear why this is important, but with highly nested structures, having the python code visually mirror the output in terms of nesting is really nice. The second is at https://github.com/gtagency/pyrostest/blob/master/pyrostest/... . This isn't strictly necessary, but "The documentation states that all test_* methods in a RosTest subclass spin up roscore" is a lot simpler and safer than "if you forget to add `RosTest.setUp()` and `RosTest.tearDown()` at the beginning and end of all of your setUp and tearDown methods, your tests will fail. (and further, future invocations of tests may fail until you run something like `killall -9 roscore && killall -9 rosmaster` in shell because you've unintentionally broken your environment." Generally speaking, Metaclasses allow you to make better user interfaces for developers, and avoid the repetitive kinds of things you encounter in "enterprisey" code. Specifically, they allow you to make interfaces much more declarative than you otherwise could (ie. the SQLAlchemy example of "this is a table and here are its columns" vs. "My table is a function that takes in some stuff and magic happens within it") You'll get surprises such as your subclass being indexable when you (probably) don't want that. I actually wanted prepare in production, because it would have allowed me to override the class dict with an ordereddict, which was a more preferable solution to making output jsons deterministic than just sorting the components, but you do what you can. As for init subclass, if you're alright with a DSL that does weird things with the class line, it can be useful, as an example applied to SQLAlchemy, they could do this (in pseudo sqla): class MyTable(Table, primary_key='uid'): uid = Column(int) which would enforce via the api that there can only be 1 primary key.