Disregard normal life. Work on your startup. My mom is a hacker too. She hacked her own gmail account the other day by recovering her password, she even had to remember the name of her first pet! Its kinda hard to hear the presenter, but otherwise thanks for the stream! I'm very curious about the differences you think exist between the two services regarding ethics. He says he hardly notices it so I doubt it is somehow affecting his productivity... Yes it does. Click options, a little dropdown appears with "Cached, Similar and Mobile formatted" "My greatest concern was that I’d have to do a lot of installing and configuring before I could get anything meaningful done. All I wanted was a standard setup, and to not derail focus from my work." And yet he had the time to document the whole experience at the same time? Napster - 12 occurrences, Facebook - 10 occurrences, Spotify - 7 occurrences It will rock when I can have tabs in my explorer "He manages to offend common decency (...) and insult millions of Apple users simultaneously." I highly doubt that common decency as an abstract concept feels much offended. And even if it did, I am sure it would be able to sleep at night. As to Apple users, if they feel offended by the insult, I would advise them to watch this little clip http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cycXuYzmzNg The teamviewer guys must be a bit worried Been using gitweb with a custom theme by some dude ( https://github.com/kogakure/gitweb-theme ). This seems much cleaner and easy to use. When I have some time I'll probably switch over to this if it doesn't have any problems/bugs Looks awesome, gmail and other applications would benefit immensely from this instead of just trying to reconnect! I'm curious, there is a "money back guarantee" line on the site. How does this work for ebooks? I buy it and I can ask for my money back? How do I "return" the ebook? Is this usual for other electronic goods? (ie. software) Isn't it required to be at least 13 years old to have a google account? How does this affect the kids who want to use khanacademy? Are they forced to have a facebook account? EDIT: Actually, facebook also has a minimum age requirement of 13 ( https://www.facebook.com/help/?faq=210644045634222 ). Can't see how khanacademy missed that. I think this is a major flaw in their signup system. Should they (khanacademy) really be blocking every kid younger then 13? EDIT2: It seems like they address it here ( http://www.khanacademy.org/about/getting-started ) but their solution is having the parents create an account for the kids. I don't really think this is actually acceptable by facebook's terms of service though, not sure about google. See point 4 in https://www.facebook.com/terms.php That's only for people with Google Apps for Education (teachers)!! Also, if you are under 13 you can't use the site if you didn't sign up with google/facebook (which have their own weird under 13 rules) See "1. Eligibility" in ( http://www.khanacademy.org/about/tos ) EDIT: Also, I found out that youtube actually doesn't let anyone under 13 use their service, so I'm guessing you can't watch the videos either if you're under 13. See "12. Ability to Accept Terms of Service" in ( http://www.youtube.com/static?gl=US&template=terms ) I just found out the internet is just for people over 13... Stealing from a vending machine is now hacking? I guess a few of you could also find out that if someone left a window open you could get in their house and take a free TV, that would also show you the joy of "beating a system"... *Portuguese What sense of entitlement? She's only expressing that she would like to be easier and clearer. Are these not valid wishes? I did not interpret her text like you at all... Oh well Instead of sending a pass-phrase encrypted ZIP file via email or IM beyond auto-delete feature, you go to this website, input the information and share the URL with the person of choice. Man, finally somebody that doesn't install stuff on the screencast TL;DR People don't have common sense and make fools of themselves, then try to blame others. You are correct. He had a chart with the days of the week (columns) and virtues (rows). He would then note how many faults he had committed each day. He tried to perfect each virtue for some time before adding another, and would perform cycles of this system that lasted several weeks each. He later stopped doing it, claiming lack of time but he still saw much value in performing this task. You may find this in more detail in his book, which is reproduced here (I have pointed for the specific chapter): http://www.benjaminfranklinbiography.net/#IX How do you know with such certainty that what he wrote isn't what he thinks? I was under the impression that it is illegal to tear up money, is this the case in the US as well? I remember being on the internet since I was about 10 and I always said I was over 18 for whatever I did on the internet because I knew otherwise there would be restrictions. Is this a hard concept to grasp? From what I understood you can download a song thinking its new hottest club hit and have your Kindle bricked. I don't understand how a more eficient chain of supply and preparation will make healthier food cheaper. I was under the impression that generally lower quality goods are cheaper then higher quality ones, which in the case of food means healthier food. Could you explain your reasoning? I understand this is just someone sharing an opinion but most of the time when I read articles about startups people seem like they're talking about opinions and subjective thoughts as if they're hard facts. What works for some companies in a given environment may not work at all in another situation. Sharing a scenario is good. Making as rules based on anecdotes isn't so good. What amazes me is that people actually think this is the right way to look at things... I don't understand the women+minority problem. Different people have different interests, and I believe this is a good thing and not a problem. If more diversity were to come to the startup world that would be awesome, but I don't see this as a problem that needs fixing. Startup people just have to keep doing what they do and if more people get interested in startups then things will all fall into place. What about the percentages of women and minorities in such places as politics? Is this a problem too? What about other industries that are dominated by women, is there a problem there? People like what they like and that's that! Unfortunately I can't see any formulas correctly and the tables are quirky. Example: http://offline-wiki.googlecode.com/git/app.html?Permeability... Assuming that wanting to look good is the product of low self-esteem doesn't seem very reasonable. Being from an European country myself I find it ever so amusing that all my life I've been hearing that "If we were only like the USA" in some regards. Ironic isn't it? He did say that he didn't know anything about making kickstarter videos, so it's not like he fooled you into watching him dancing. And for what the product is I think I got the general idea, even with all the dancing. I don't believe this is google just because of all the manual labor involved. Google would scrape the whole site and call people with pre-recorded messages or something. The operation would be fully automated. I actually don't have any opinion wether they would do it or not, but I doubt manual labor would be involved if that was the case. Not even a few words to describe each one and their merits? I guess this is yet another top 10 that will get dilluted with the rest of the spam. On the issue of performance you should read the stackoverflow blog. You imply that everyone that pirates doesn't buy. And you imply that people who pirate would instead buy if they couldn't pirate. I never seen proof to any of those two assertions. I got a kindle 7 months ago and I was given a regular physical book to read this Christmas. I don't know if it's just me but I found it really hard to go back to the book format. Just holding it is much more of hassle. I also love how I can instantly go to the dictionary on my kindle, which also has the serendipity factor! It's not unusual to hop around from word to word on the definitions of the previous one or just finding words which are above or bellow the word I'm looking at! So maybe that serendipity factor isn't all lost after all. I think you've actually demonstrated how something that would be really simple in python, gets horribly complicated in javascript. Or maybe it's just me... I know for sure Montepio has them. Probably others too but that's the only one I use. I pay all my bus tickets with it directly from the bus company website. What I get from this situation is that the people over at 37 Signals are unfortunately, large kids, from the tweets present in the article. I see companies copying other companies' work all the time and although that's morally wrong, I also don't see how some lines of html are going to be the a relevant part of a company. (and if they are... bad news) What I don't see everyday is this kind of immature responses from the copied companies. Usually they just brush it off, because they know that in the end of the day, they are the better company. I say this without any other knowledge of the situation apart from the article though. I still don't see how any of this validates such an immature response from the copied company. Don't they have a PR guy or something to shut them up before they say things they might regret? Well this is very subjective, and I can understand your views, but I just don't think it is professional to be impolite in this manner. Being right should not give you the right to be rude! I can see where you're coming from though. Being a rude person for a long time should not grant rights to be a rude person in the present. From the article: >We did not wish to mislead the public into thinking that scientific issues >are decided by who has the longer list of scientists! I was under the impression that currently accepted scientific discoveries required that the majority of the scientific community to be in agreement. If this is not the case could you point me to an explanation? I'm really curious, not trying to be a smart-ass or something. We have that here for a long time now and my idea of this is basically a Ponzi scheme. When you start having old people live longer, retire earlier and not enough young people to support the system, it all collapses. Our own system is already in really bad shape and the government had to increase the minimum age at which you can retire in order to adjust things. I never had to #DEFINE RESPECT_STALLMAN before I allocated memory or some such, but maybe that's why my programs were always so inefficient and pasta-like this whole time! I know this is highly subjective but I would think that every son would like for his father to be above all, a dad. I wouldn't give a fuck if you drove two mercedes instead of one or if you gave away a billion dollars to cancer research if you couldn't find the time to play LEGO with me. Just my opinion, and I wish you the best of luck in your endeavors.