I appreciate an entertaining advertisement as much as anyone. On the other hand, the most clever way of shoving a boring product down the consumer's throat in recent years seems to be ads like "HeadOn: Apply Directly To The Forehead" and their online equivalents. There were American bombs being dropped on Germany, but that doesn't mean we have an animosity against Germany today. We were allied with the nationalist Chinese—the ones that lost the civil war and ended up ruling Taiwan. And at any rate, America's most major, most trusted ally in WWII and since has been Great Britain. According to Wikipedia, GTE was independent even during the AT&T monopoly. It wasn't until the Bell Atlantic merger that they changed names to Verizon. "The problem with Apple in the 90s was that they stopped doing this. The Mac had a great run from its debut in 1984 through the end of the ’80s, where both the hardware and software improved every year. Then that stopped." Even that is somewhat misleading. The original Macintosh operating system was designed specifically for singletasking on the original Mac 128k hardware--a design choice that hamstrung Apple for years afterwards, and became the root cause of Apple's need to completely replace their operating system. It's not that Apple gave up on incremental development and started on quixotic missions to the next big thing. It's that the system architecture of the Mac OS was years past its prime and Apple couldn't fix it iteratively anymore. Wikipedia's content policies are a fair deal more strict and paranoid about intellectual property law than the law itself is. Hypothetically, just interviewing the candidate at all should be enough, since a job interview is just an opportunity for the candidate to sell themselves. If they're good at sales, they'll sell themselves and make you want to hire them. Interviewing CS folks is hard in comparison because selling yourself in an interview is a talent that has almost nothing to do with making software. It's like they took a credible micropayment system, but decided to make all the micropayments entirely worthless. If you could cash out accumulated "credits" for real money, or earn "credits" for something more substantial than status updates (who's going to micropay you for a status update?), or even spend micropayments on something that's actually useful, it might be the start of an idea. Buying extra RAM from Apple is for the birds, really. You can buy third party RAM for cheaper and install it yourself, no problem. Fourth biggest: US, USSR, and China were the top three. "At least then we can vote the sons of bitches out if they pull shenanigans." This is a tempting argument that people come to when they describe government-run programs in democratic political systems, but it's ultimately flawed. None of us is very likely to, 2 to 6 years from now, vote against the politician who appointed the bureaucrat who appointed the bureaucrat who pulled shenanigans, based solely on that one, singular issue. It would take an irrational level of monomania and obsession to track down the elected official to hold responsible and vote against him with no consideration of who the opponent is, whether he would do any better of a job, or how the candidates would perform on any of dozens of other issues. All of this, of course, assumes that the district in question isn't gerrymandered to the point where any opposition of the incumbent is futile. Even without gerrymandering, I somehow need to convince half the voting public to vote against the guy for me to get his shenanigans out of my life! Whereas in a free market, if Dell pulls shenanigans you can buy Lenovo next time, and it doesn't really matter what the rest of the voting public thinks about Dell's other product lines or how charismatic Michael Dell is on television, because you don't have to put up with his cheap laptops anymore, regardless of public opinion. Health care is a heavily regulated market, not a free market. It's optimized for the profit of certain large firms. A socialized system might perform better, but a legitimate market system would likely perform better, too. It's not the free market that's failed, it's crony capitalism. Or, put another way, crony capitalism has succeeded in enriching the cronies, but failed at serving the consumer. But, as the article says, their "moderate successes" have failed to be profitable. A startup can get away with not figuring out every monetization angle and focusing on developing cool stuff, as long as they're profitable overall. But once the startup hires a non-technical CEO and IPO's, the CEO's job is supposed to be monetization. Sure, some things can be out there to build public goodwill and brand image, but when you're a publicly-held for-profit, "cool technology" is no longer the benchmark for the CEO's success. The first comment notes that the security risk is in the protective relays. Well, maybe. It also carries an implication that digital relays are in and of themselves a security risk. I intern at a major manufacturer of digital protective relays, so I know how these communicate. (None of this, as far as I'm aware, is trade secret.) The purpose of a protective relay is to detect a line fault (lightning strikes, arc flash, the distribution line is knocked down). Upon detecting a line fault, the relay trips a circuit breaker to protect the rest of the grid from voltage irregularities. Relays are located along major distribution lines, and to find the substation these relays are located in, all you really have to do is find a major distribution line (easy enough from the air) and follow it until you reach a substation. There are maps of the major electrical distribution lines, and they're not difficult to find. The "smart grid" depends upon digital relays, but the grid has been smarter than we've given it credit for because digital relays have been around for 25 years. The power industry is very conservative—electromechanical relays worked for decades—so digital relays were a hard sell in the first place. So certain features were added to them. The first was fault location—a microprocessor-based digital relay, even in 1984, could calculate the location of a fault and store that information upon detection. Digital relays were and remain significantly less expensive than electromechanical relays, so they were originally sold simply as fault locators. (Due to cost, power consumption, testability, and maintainability, digital relays have advantages over electromechanical relays anyway, but these advantages weren't enough to convince power companies 25 years ago. Even now, 60% of North American relays are electromechanical, and 90% of world relays are electromechanical.) Over time, more features were added. One feature, developed largely in response to the New York blackouts a few years ago, is synchrophasors. Synchophasors allow a control station to monitor the voltage angles on distribution lines and maintain better control over them. This is a very, very time-sensitive process, but it also requires relays, synchrophasor processors, and computers loaded with control software to be networked together over large geographical areas. I'm not an EE so I don't have a full appreciation of what this means, but it's important. A typical protective relay from a top-of-the-line manufacturer accepts connections over an RS-232 serial connection, but it also supports TCP and telnet over an ethernet interface. Relays will often be connected to a single communications processor that will allow several relays at once to communicate over large areas. These comprocs, again, support RS-232 serial connections as well as networking. If you can access a comproc, you can access any of the relays, clocks, or other devices connected to it. That means you can cause trips, alter settings, and do all sorts of nasty stuff. Which makes it vitally important that power companies do things like change the default passwords and secure their communication networks—something largely outside the manufacturer's control. It's possible (and encouraged) to implement it securely but in practice it's not always done. Code review meetings with projectors and so forth might be a dying practice (I wouldn't know), but there are tools like Code Collaborator that allow for asynchronous code reviews. CC seems to be widely used. Apparently by "Silicon Valley", the Wall Street Journal means VC's. That has some interesting consequences on music quality. I find that pop music usually sounds good enough at first but upon repeated listens gets very tiresome. Whereas good music may sound rather uninteresting at first pass, but upon repeated listenings, one discovers the depth of the song. Were music enthusiasts in the past more sophisticated listeners? Even more provocatively, has recording technology allowed us to create more sophisticated music? Has that indeed happened? There's no real indication from what I've heard that this has anything to do with the economy. Gun sales spiked as soon as Obama was elected. I think Time is trying to fit this into the overall narrative about the economy when, in reality, they're just six months late on the story. The thought processes of suicidal people don't tend to make sense to me, either. Suicide is often a fairly impulsive thing, and suicidal people can be deterred by even slight inconveniences. That's why things like suicide barriers on bridges work. Guns are a very attractive method of suicide—they're rather instant, painless, easy to use, and so forth. I'm in favor of gun ownership, but suicidal people, deprived of easy methods of suicide, will often reconsider entirely. The moment will pass and they will not kill themselves. Of course, some people decide to kill themselves and remain very determined about the process. Not all suicides are alike. As I said, I'm against gun control too. But I'm also in favor of facts, and the facts seem to indicate that having more guns around just might allow more people to impulsively kill themselves. It would also be nice if tree-structured discussions (like HN) were preserved instead of just hacked apart into series of seemingly unrelated comments. Grouping together HN comments without the tree structure would be far less useful than respecting tree-structured discussions but intermixing trees from different sites. I wonder how much longer it is before the looters discover the angel investors and seed-stage investors. While that's true for consumer goods, one would hope that a power company would know well enough to change the default password. I seem to remember a lot of large institutions and techies kept using Windows 2000 for years after Windows XP came out. IM's are too synchronous if the developer doesn't manage them properly, or if the software makes itself obnoxious enough. Email is a better example of asynchronous communication. No, but indentured servants did enter into contracts to make themselves slaves (for a limited period of time) and that's no longer allowed by law, either. I agree with you that "slavery" was a sloppy argument, but indentured servitude is a better one. Of course. iPhones are a fun platform well suited for a single programmer to spend evenings writing apps for. Nokias are a "serious" platform designed for "real companies" to devote teams of "software engineers" to develop software for. It's fine to say that having a PhD in the humanities for the "love" of the subject is enough, but in at least some of the humanities, that won't get you anywhere. Philosophy, for instance, is an ongoing discussion, and unless you're in academia attending conferences and writing papers and getting published in the same journals that everyone else is, you're not really participating in the field. And you can't really do that unless you're faculty somewhere. It sucks, but that's also where the good philosophy gets done, and you can't do renegade philosophy outside of academia without losing a lot of important context and good work. I don't know if it's that simple. Ford didn't ask for the bailout after all, probably because they realized how much leverage it would give the government over their operations. You know how startup founders are wary about giving VC's too much control over their business? I'd imagine automakers (especially Ford, which is still largely a family business) are just as wary about giving the government too much control over their business. And, unlike GM and Chrysler, Ford has the good fortune to be a good ways away from bankruptcy (though from a business standpoint, bankruptcy would still be better than nationalization). Atheism isn't a belief any more than fasting is a meal or a bare chest is a shirt. This argument rests on the misconception (bordering on a straw man) that atheism is the positive belief that there are no gods. That's not what atheism is. Atheism is simply the lack of belief in any gods. There is a difference between "I do not believe that God exists" (atheism) and "I do believe that God does not exist" (so-called "positive atheism"). Some atheists are positive atheists, but for most of us it's at best a suspicion or a working hypothesis, not a matter of absolute, infallible, unquestioned belief. Even if we are to consider the belief that there are no gods, I would still question whether or not this belief depends on faith any more than the various beliefs that there are gods. If you study the history of philosophy you'll find a number of supposed "proofs" of the existence of God. There are also many arguments for the non-existence of God. It's a matter of argument and cautioned reasoning, not faith, whether or not to believe that God exists. Faith is an epistemic position that the atheist does not share. Most atheists tend to acquire beliefs based upon evidence. Just like everyone else, an atheist goes home at night expecting that his house is where he left it that morning. But, just like everyone else, an atheist would be surprised to find that his house had burned down. Yet, after some amount of emotional torment, the atheist would be forced to believe that his house was, in fact, no longer standing. Contrast this with religious belief. A positive atheist, upon coming across some unquestionable evidence of God's existence, would be surprised but would be forced to accept what the evidence has shown. Someone of religious faith would come across unquestionable evidence that God did not exist and refuse to believe it. They would in fact rearrange their entire belief system simply to preserve their non-rational, privileged belief that God exists and will save them from eternal damnation in exchange for their faith. Keep in mind, that is the ideal case. People of faith can be better empiricists than the demands of faith allow them to be, just as empiricists can be more dogmatic than the demands of empiricism allow them to be. But while most atheists consciously choose empiricism (and reject belief in God because there is no good evidence for it), people of faith consciously choose faith. This is the real difference. It's not about God, it's about how people choose to form their beliefs. (OK--let's be more clear here. An atheist can still have faith in something else. For instance, most Buddhists are atheist because of their faith in the possibility of mystical enlightenment and so forth. The real difference isn't between religious people and atheists, but between religious people and secularists. Just as atheists can be religious, secularists can believe in God. Such secularists are known as "deists" and many of them did remarkable things, such as writing the Declaration of Independence.) Let me get this straight--you're bitter because you didn't get hired by a company that evidently doesn't even want you to have any ambition or initiative of your own? I would be relieved if I was in your position. "I claim that many atheists if shown incontrovertible proof that God exists would rearrange their entire belief system simply to preserve their non-rational privileged belief that God does not exist and there is nothing after death." Maybe, but they would be hypocrites for doing so--most atheists will tell you they don't believe in God because there's no evidence for God, whereas most people of faith don't care about evidence at all. That's what I meant by "People of faith can be better empiricists than the demands of faith allow them to be, just as empiricists can be more dogmatic than the demands of empiricism allow them to be." For some reason the health insurance industry has settled on a model of "pay your health insurance company scads of money and pay relatively little for the rationed routine care you get". Since health insurance is a heavily regulated market, I doubt this is the most market-efficient solution. Maybe if you shop around for routine care and offer to pay with cash (or HSA) it won't end up costing as much, and I've seen informal studies done by friends that show, for instance, that certain prescription drugs cost hundreds of dollars less at different pharmacies (once you can coax the pharmacies to actually tell you the price, since they're so used to working within the insurance cartels). It all depends on your health, too. If you have sleep apnea and want to get it treated, that's hundreds of thousands of dollars if you don't have insurance. Probably better to get a full time job for a few years until your apnea is treated. If you have hypothyroidism, you can take remarkably inexpensive prescription drugs and get an annual checkup for cash cheaper than you can get insurance to cover the thing. My working hypothesis is that high-deductible catastrophic insurance is the best solution for broke, comparatively healthy adults. In this model, you're using health insurance as insurance qua insurance, to make sure you don't go bankrupt if a medical emergency costing more than $10,000 happens to you. (This of course requires you to be able to raise $10,000 if something DOES happen to you.) This does nothing for drugs or routine care, and needless to say there is no dental plan. I pay $40 a month for this. I don't get anything out of my $40 a month, but on the same token, insurance qua insurance is something you pay for but you hope you never have to use. An HSA is not a bad feature if you're going with this model. Depending upon state law, you can leave out things like maternity coverage, or get further discounts if you're in good health. A good female friend of mine doesn't have maternity coverage but she is very aggressive about birth control and has no qualms about abortion, though, so I would carefully consider whether this also applies to you or your spouse. I would also hasten to add that if there's a possibility of having more children, the expense of health insurance is not your biggest problem here. In fact, I don't know how well this model works if you have kids. Or how founding a startup works if you have kids, for that matter. Maybe you could. The funny thing is, most of the science on this issue suggests that the "you" that is supposedly fighting either environment or genetics...is entirely composed of environmental and genetic influences. So if there is a "you" that can fight environment, it's the genetic you, and vice versa. And it's not like you're Mister Spock, with one half of your personality fighting a completely different half. It's more like a smoothie, where you can't tell what part is the banana, what part is the strawberry, and so forth, except it tastes like a mixture of both. So really, what you're saying is a lot less coherent than it sounds. You may have the right to reproduce, but as to "who can tell me what I can or cannot do", the answer is always "whoever has all the guns". Whether or not they're justified, the government usually gets to tell us what we can or cannot do, assuming they catch us. This is generally considered a major risk of having a government. By some accounts, the history of politics consists of a conflict between individual rights and the public good. Bottled water is kind of like credit cards—it's a product there is demand for, but it's not in anyone's interest (aside from the bottled water companies) to buy it. Anyone can buy a single Nalgene bottle ($10-ish) and refill it with tap water every day and they'll make back the price of that Nalgene bottle in a week compared to the price of bottled water. They'll also carry their water around in a reusable, safer plastic that doesn't leech hormones. Or they could use a metal canteen or a Camelbak or any number of other alternatives, almost all of which are better than paying for a completely redundant and inefficient water distribution system that involves bottling factories, trucks, and disposable plastic bottles. If I had Newcastle Brown Ale piped to my apartment, I'd criticize their bottlers too. I buy a Brita pitcher and all of a sudden, in my fridge, I seem to have produced a better product than Evian. Or if worse comes to worse, you can get under-the-sink reverse osmosis filters. Bottled water is a good convenience product, but my employer has truckloads of Arrowhead water stored on-site. Why they can't have paper cups and a reverse-osmosis filter on site instead is beyond me. You can also get the type of filter that attaches to your tap. With my Brita pitcher, I don't bother replacing the filter for months after I'm supposed to, and it just filters slower. It doesn't taste any worse and I've never gotten sick. As for refilling it, as long as I have the sink space (no dirty dishes) I refill every time I pour. But this isn't a top-level goal. Someone who buys bottled water wants a drink of water. They can get an better drink of water for less money by drinking (possibly filtered) tap water. Bottled water is a poor means to an end, it's not an end in itself. Using heroin isn't usually a top level goal either. Usually, the top level goal for addictive drug use is to satisfy the addiction. (That's rather recursive, which means there must have been a base-case goal that got the person to use drugs in the first place, but heroin is still not an end in itself either.) I like to think of it as a conflict between different sets of individual rights, such as your right to swing your fists about and my right to an uninjured nose. But there are some tragedy-of-the-commons cases where this model doesn't work out. I think you're missing the point of the exercise. It's like you're assigned a physics problem about point masses on frictionless surfaces and you answer the question by saying it's irrelevant in the real world because masses are distributed over volumes and surfaces are never frictionless. Yes, of course you have to factor in taxes and time and so on and so forth. But that's not what the question was about in the first place. You never see idealized physics problems in the real world either but what you learn from naive, simplified applications of classical physics still gets you somewhere in real world problems. Same with EV calculations. The point is that EV is an incomplete measure of value when it comes to evaluating gambles, not that you have to pay taxes. EV doesn't work on one-off situations, like if you're on a game show with Howie Mandel. Heroin comes bundled with lots of pain and expense and dysfunction too, though. It goes against pleasure as soon as you're without it for long enough, and it also goes against other top-level goals many people have. I don't know many heroin addicts but I know smokers, and in my experience, smokers always advise me not to start smoking because it's not worth it. I'd take that as a sign that smoking does not satisfy the top-level goals of the smokers whom I have spoken with on this topic. In any case, addictive drugs are only an analogy. Yet even in this analogy we can see where top-level goals are often incompatible with the means people use to achieve them. I'd also advise you that if your argument rests upon the lemma that heroin use is a rational means to achieve pleasure, you may have a mistake in reasoning somewhere :) In reality, there are no point masses or frictionless surfaces, either. Maybe you perfectly understand the point and you're moving on to various niggling contingencies. That's fine. The article is trying to explain something more basic than what you're talking about. You're doing the equivalent of butting into a freshman physics lecture and pointing out everything they've oversimplified, which is just plain obnoxious. Build a plant, good question. Run a plant, you get those people from the Navy (which runs nuclear plants on every submarine and aircraft carrier). What about fuel sources? We've hardly begun to explore for uranium—nuclear is a stopgap for 100-200 years that doesn't have the drawbacks of fossil fuel. I don't have an answer for NIMBY, because I don't know politics. I have read the entire thread and I just don't understand the point of your comment. Of course people have to pay taxes and spend time on investments. That doesn't make diversified investing a fool's errand. It's like we're trying to build a go-kart and you're saying "it'll never work because there's friction." Maybe there's friction, and we'll work out what that friction is, just as we'll calculate the post-tax EV of our investments. Thanks for the clarification. This doesn't sound like any Christianity I'm familiar with, and I was raised in it. In fact, to me this sounds a lot like someone is overconfident in their apologetics. Every knowledgeable Christian I've discussed this with ultimately conceded there was a need for faith of the epistemic type, and no room for skepticism. I was hoping for something with the same design sense as: http://hasthelargehadroncolliderdestroyedtheworldyet.com/ Your link is a lot more cluttered in comparison ;) There's a strategy called "structured procrastination" where you overload yourself with work to the point where you can only put one thing off to do something different. One way to enforce early deadlines (well, short deadlines) is to take on another project, get that done, and then for your other project, the deadline is now a couple weeks shorter :) I wonder what would happen if he tried to return the Kindle.