I've lost access to my account. Attempting to login to sillysaurus2 redirects me to https://news.ycombinator.com/null and doesn't actually process the login. I'm genuinely sorry, and I've sent an email to apologize. Moral of the story: Don't do what I just did. It earned me 10 upvotes followed by an instaban. the new Hacker News API allows easy programmatic access of story/comments and infinite chronological paging. You could download every Hacker News story in less than 2 hours without breaking the API request limit. Which API? https://www.google.com/search?q=hacker+news+api Using that API, you could download 48,000 hacker news stories in 2 days, so if there have been less than 48,000 submissions, then what minimaxir said is true. But first you'd need to generate a list of all 48,000 story ids, and there seems to be no way to actually do that. When trying to access page 2 via that endpoint: http://hn.algolia.com/api/v1/search_by_date?tags=story&hitsP... "you can only fetch the 1000 hits for this query, contact us to increase the limit" It was a nice try, but it did seem too good to be true. That's incredible. Will you upload the raw database somewhere, please? If you make a torrent, I'll help seed it. Would you email me at sillysaurus3@gmail.com whenever it's ready? This isn't a defense of Apple's choices, but: Using public implementations for crypto code has been difficult until pretty recently. There didn't exist many high-quality, trustworthy, public implementations of the types of crypto that real-world systems have wanted to do. Even now, the situation is pretty grim for anyone who wants to integrate crypto code into an existing large codebase. The canonical answer is "just use NaCl." However, I've had developers outright refuse to use NaCl because "it's so hard to compile." They were saying NaCl has some issues compiling on certain types of architectures, and issues compiling as a dynamic library. When libsodium was suggested in response, they retorted that libsodium was "NaCl but with modifications by people other than the ones you'd want making modifications to crypto code." In other words, libsodium purports to be "NaCl, but easy to integrate into your project," yet the reason it's easy to integrate is because someone other than recognized cryptography experts fiddled around with NaCl until it was easy to compile. So apparently it's an open question whether libsodium is as trustworthy as NaCl, and NaCl is a pain to integrate. All of this implies that the current situation is still not very good as of 2014 for people who want to just do crypto safely and in some standard way. And rather than writing that code in 2014, Apple had to write it years ago, when the situation was far more painful than the present day's shortcomings. To answer your question, yes, there are public implementations which could theoretically be used. But actually using them is... difficult. Not nearly as difficult or as error-prone as rolling your own, but perhaps difficult enough where someone who isn't an expert in cryptography might make the dire mistake of believing that rolling their own is less difficult. I wish Matasano would publish an open-source crypto library. An "NaCl that's easy to use and that people actually trust." They have the resources and the credit to pull it off. Alternatively, I wish we could gather funds to have them audit libsodium. Also, all of this is based on the assumption that NaCl or libsodium actually meet the needs of what Apple was trying to do with this crypto code. It probably doesn't, because NaCl / libsodium provides a complete replacement to the entire crypto stack of an application. To take a wild guess, I'm thinking that Apple needs to implement / interact with some other kinds of crypto than what NaCl/libsodium provide. For example, certificate validation. So then you'd suggest "use cryptlib!" but this is hampered by the fact that in addition to all the previous considerations, cryptlib also isn't free. What you say is true. But security through obscurity doesn't work, because people are very good at reverse engineering and decompiling. So your choices are either: open source your crypto code and suffer some embarrassments which people will forget and forgive, or have closed source crypto code that either doesn't work or can be exploited in subtle ways. Pick your poison. :) 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 is less secure than just using scrypt, and probably less secure than just using bcrypt. But the code looks correct as written. It seems like a red flag that it took more than 50 lines of code to do this simple thing, though. EDIT: Specifically, should the PBKDF2 "key", not be used for something (like HMAC) rather than being used as the hash itself? Using the output of 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 as an input to HMAC wouldn't get you any extra security. Is this true? Hmm... It seems I was wrong. Well, damn. Oh well. Wow. Check out the people who lost serious money on MtGox: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1yv26o/gox_horror_s... One person lost 1998 btc. That was anywhere from $500,000 to a million bucks. I thought it was interesting that a programmer with foresight could make ~$235k in a matter of a few days due to the mtgox problems. Their total volume was 29385 BTC of which they earned 2%, which is 587 BTC. >Out of curiosity, what's your opinion on crypto-currencies that aren't deflationary? Now, that sounds like a good idea. But at that point, we're talking about a cryptocurrency equivalent of real grown-up money I'm extremely amused, because Dogecoin is inflationary. So Dogecoin is "real grown-up money" by your definition. It's not even as simple as a failure to communicate. It's hard not to conclude that they outright lied. First it was malleability, then it was "we're waiting on bitcoin developers," then it was "we've moved due to protesters and security problems," and now it's "we've closed our site due to recent news reports." I wonder when precisely they realized that >700,000btc were missing. $400,000 is a life-changing amount of money for the vast majority of people on the planet, let alone Americans. I believed in Mark (the owner of MtGox) and his team, defending them vigorously, and got screwed as a consequence. The support staff was on IRC every day saying "Yes, we have customers' funds. No, we aren't insolvent. Everything is fine, everything will be fine." They answered every question in a level-headed fashion. They were either being paid to lie, or being fed lies, or somehow MtGox didn't become aware of the fact that they were missing >700,000btc until a day or two before they shut off their website. So I was pretty gullible. And I just want to thank Patrick (patio11) for being a constant throughout this whole ordeal: constantly skeptical, and with good reason. Other users will see it. If the computer remembered every modification of every document, then users would be protected from incidents like this. Could you give a source on that MK statement? It's the first I've heard of it. This document seems like fairly conclusive evidence that they've lost access to >700,000 bitcoins, because there's no reason for them to spend time putting together the document otherwise. Quick question: What's preventing Coinbase from shutting down operations tomorrow and walking away with everyone's money, as MtGox walked away with mine? Or, what if the founders orchestrated some sort of disaster wherein all of the coins are claimed to be lost, but in reality they're simply transferred to the founders? I know they wouldn't actually do that. My question is, what's stopping them? Why wouldn't someone try to do that, other than their morals? The promise of future profits amounting to more than what they would walk away with today That's exactly the same argument I used to justify why MtGox wouldn't shut down, almost word for word. It's the same argument I used to convince myself why they wouldn't shut down. They still shut down. They're not anonymous, and they would run a real risk of bodily harm by such a public crime. So we're relying on mob justice? Also, Mr. Karpeles hasn't been harmed and probably won't be. The article links this wallet: https://blockchain.info/charts/received-per-day?address=1Drt... But that was a Bitstamp wallet, not an MtGox wallet. To bypass the paywall: TOKYO—A lawyer for Mt. Gox announced at a news conference at the Tokyo District Court that the embattled bitcoin exchange was filing for bankruptcy protection and that Mt. Gox had outstanding debt of about ¥6.5 billion ($63.6 million). The exchange has been under fire from investors since it stopped bitcoin withdrawals in early February, citing a technical issue that potentially made fraudulent withdrawals possible. On Tuesday, Mt. Gox, which at one point handled more than 80% of trades in the virtual currency, stopped all transactions, dealing the severest blow to the bitcoin industry yet and raised concerns about a lack of protection for users. Several Mt. Gox investors say they have little hope of recovering their funds, with some individual investors saying they had bitcoins valued at hundreds of thousands of dollars in Mt. Gox. Should Mark Karpeles go to jail? It's a question I've asked myself many times over the past couple days. On one hand, there may be a chilling effect if Karpeles is sent to jail, because fewer companies may be willing to participate in an area where the penalty for failure is time behind bars. On the other hand, it feels very inequitable and unjust that Karpeles made millions off of MtGox, lost our money and then is free to enjoy life. But this is a vengeful mindset, and it seems counterproductive. Is it really just a bad situation with no recourse? Karpeles walks, MtGox shuts down, and everyone's money is gone. Poof. The most persuasive argument for jailtime seems to be that if he's not penalized, then others may attempt to orchestrate similar disasters. Bitcoin has a very, very small chance at becoming the next gold standard, but it's a chance nonetheless. Therefore whoever is willing to flaunt the law and steal >5% of all bitcoins that will ever be created has a very, very small chance at becoming extremely powerful in the future, and wealthy in the short term. I don't know. There's probably nothing to be done, and taking away years of a person's life out of a sense of retribution probably isn't the best answer. Should the owner Mark Karpeles go to jail? On one hand, there may be a chilling effect if Karpeles is sent to jail, because fewer companies may be willing to participate in an area where the penalty for failure is time behind bars. On the other hand, it feels very inequitable and unjust that Karpeles made millions off of MtGox, lost our money and then is free to enjoy life. But that's a vengeful mindset, and it seems counterproductive. Is it really just a bad situation with no recourse? Karpeles walks, MtGox shuts down, and everyone's money is gone. Poof. The most persuasive argument for jailtime seems to be that if he's not penalized, then others may attempt to orchestrate similar disasters. Bitcoin has a very, very small chance at becoming the next gold standard, but it's a chance nonetheless. Therefore whoever is willing to flaunt the law and steal >5% of all bitcoins that will ever be created has a very, very small chance at becoming extremely powerful in the future, and wealthy in the short term. I don't know. There's probably nothing to be done, and taking away years of a person's life out of a sense of retribution probably isn't the best answer. What does everyone think? My observation is simply that the future is unknown, and therefore a greedy actor would benefit greatly from stealing >5% of a currency. The most straightforward way to do this is to set up a popular exchange and orchestrate a disaster which is secretly a theft. Since there's no way to prove it, and since bitcoin wallets can lay dormant for decades, there's at least some incentive to do this. Should jailtime be on the table for gross negligence? I'm just interested in everyone's thoughts on the matter. Some info here: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1z37zw/mt_gox_has_a... "MtGox still has at least 200k BTC" Here are the possibilities, as far as I can tell: 1) That information is inaccurate. 2) MtGox lost their private keys. 3) The private keys were kept in a bank vault, which was seized by a foreign entity like the US government at some earlier time. 4) MtGox stole the coins. The management of MtGox knows which of these is correct, but they probably aren't going to say. For convenience, here's the full text of the update: March 2, 2014 To anyone concerned Mark Karpeles MtGox Co., Ltd. Shibuya-ku, Tokyo ANNOUNCEMENT REGARDING AN APPLICATION FOR COMMENCEMENT OF A PROCEDURE OF CIVIL REHABILITATION An overview of the situation should be published here shortly (probably on March 3, 2014 (Japan time)). Contact information A call center has been established to respond to all inquiries. The call center is planned to start on March 3, 2014. All inquiries to MtGox Co., Ltd. should be made to the following telephone number: Telephone number +81 3-4588-3921 Working hours Monday to Friday 10am to 5pm (Japan time) Please refrain from contacting the office of the supervisor/investigator. Is the only solution really to give up on your own desires? (Or to force yourself to desire the things you list?) Actually, there seems to be no correlation between working hard and becoming the next Airbnb. Working hard is necessary the same way intelligence is necessary: past a certain threshold, other things matter more. And if a metric has no correlation with mega-success, then investing based on that metric is a mistake. (If working harder was correlated with mega success, then the winners would be easy to pick out: invest in anyone whose team spends all their time on the startup. But many startups do that yet still fail, so it must be true that those extra 20 hours per week shouldn't factor into any any investor's decision making process, counterintuitively.) Let's not make up charges without evidence. Isn't it a bit hypocritical that the US should tell Russia not to get involved? We had no right to go into Iraq, for example. If an entity is able to exercise political power, and there's an advantage to do so, then it seems inevitable that the entity will always do so. At the very least, I wish people would stop comparing downloading movies and music from the internet as stealing. Games released via Steam have shown evidence that when a singleplayer game is unavailable as a torrent for free, then people will pay for it. The counterargument to this is that most people who torrent wouldn't pay for it anyway. But I assert that there is a third class of people: those who first check to see if it's available for free, and if not, pay for it. Whether these people constitute a significant portion of revenue is an open question, but it's hard to classify their actions from a moral standpoint as something other than stealing. The closest classification other than "stealing" would probably be "sampling." I've often been frustrated at an inability to try out a certain kind of dev tool before buying it outright, and their free version is usually missing features which I really need to test. But there needs to be a large-scale study as to whether people really behave this way normally, or if they just take what they can get for free. Unfortunately it's difficult to find an unbiased source of funding for such a study, so the resulting research paper would probably be slanted in one moral direction or the other instead of presenting the raw data. It's not an easy question to answer. I think technological capabilities will decide how companies will behave, because those who don't accept reality will go out of business. Could it be a confusion of definition? Some would define stealing as, "You have no right to be enjoying my work unless you have paid me what I ask. It's your right to choose not to pay me and look for a different product." Please consider typing out a full English translation. If you post your bitcoin address here, then I'm sure plenty of people here will pay you some coin for your effort. Testing does not improve systems security, as evidenced by Ruby on Rails: Rails uses testing and it's insecure. This is an important and valuable point. He wasn't discouraging new ideas, but rather pointing out how hard it is to make new ideas practical in the security arena. What's necessary is to get at least two experienced cryptographers thinking about every piece of security-critical code, because that's what will prevent bugs. It's also why security audits are so expensive: they work. The code absolutely should have had clearer comments, since if every step were commented then some of the return value confusion may have been avoided. The style of the code itself probably isn't as terrible as it seems at first glance, though. It's also not easy to write useful unit tests for a security stack. Thinking correct things is more valuable than thinking popular things. They'll come around to your point of view in time. If not expert cryptographers, than at least expert C programmers. I was trying to be diplomatic, but blunt is perhaps better for clarity: no expert C programmer should have any trouble reading and comprehending the syntax of the code in question, which is mainly what the parent poster was calling out. https://www.gitorious.org/gnutls/gnutls/commit/0fba2d908da6d... It's probably tempting to think that unit testing might save us from security failures. People have written many words on both sides. But how many of us have actually tried it? No one who hasn't tried (and tried hard ) to see whether unit testing works has any business arguing for (or against) unit testing. We simply don't have enough data to know whether it's valuable. And the fact that unit testing works in domains other than security isn't evidence that unit testing would produce any kind of benefit in computer security. What's getting lost in the noise here, I think, is that it's important to zoom out and think about a broad overview of how difficult compsec is. Think about all the different situations that require security. Even something as seemingly simple and straightforward as an OS-level copy-paste mechanism requires thinking about security. Could you write unit tests to cover all security situations? How about all possible situations? If not all possible situations, then why? What's the difference between a situation that you can unit test and one that you can't? Is it possible to write a unit test that checks whether there's a sequence of steps a user could take to exploit an OS-level copy-paste mechanism? Can you unit test the efficacy of a TCP/IP stack? Is it possible to unit test whether the Debian OpenSSL PRNG is being fed with sufficient bits of entropy? Can you unit test whether the colors of your website are pleasing? The most interesting answer to those questions isn't "yes" or "no." The most interesting answer is "maybe." Because "maybe" means nobody knows, and that's fundamentally interesting. It's possible that it's possible to write unit tests for domains that nobody has thought of yet. (Yes, even tests that automatically infer whether your website's colors are pleasing to humans.) Could unit testing have saved us from this one particular case? Maybe. But is it possible to write unit tests in the general case? Maybe not. But you, I, and everyone else doesn't know until we actually try. It could be impossible, or if not impossible then infeasible, or if not infeasible in a dynamic language then infeasible in C libraries. On the flipside, if you investigate, and you come up with a way of writing unit tests in the general case for security libraries, then you may have just discovered a breakthrough in how cryptographers can write security libraries. Because if it's possible to write useful unit tests in the general case for security libraries, then you will have demonstrated something that most cryptographers generally disbelieve, the same way that people disbelieve that it's possible to unit test whether colors are pleasing. So get to work! There's nobody stopping anyone from right now going and trying to write those unit tests. Try it, write a blog post about your experience and the hardships, write about what you've learned. I guarantee it will be interesting. All I'm saying is that we should be experienced before we advocate or dismiss an idea, and the only way to get experience is to try it out. I'd love to eventually work on that kind of stuff full time- how would one go about making the transition? Do you basically have to learn/work on projects like this during your free time, and hope your "portfolio" gets you a job? It's really that easy, as strange as it sounds. Just find some graphics stuff you like doing, and do it a lot. I submitted this because I just realized it's been half a decade since this was written, so if it's true then we should be able to see some evidence of whether or not Apple actually made a mistake. Has the essay turned out to be true? Mistaken? Or possibly true in the future? And if Apple made no mistake, then what does that bode for the future of programming? I just can't bring myself to mundane, boring work. Most work is. Be careful not to squander your opportunities, though. Once you leave grad school, you don't really get to be around that type of environment anymore, for better or worse. (I mean opportunities like being among people who share your personal interests, not financial or business opportunities. Though those are there too, if that's what you want.) if they offer him 100 days in jail if he pleads guilty, or 100 years in jail if he's convicted, it would make sense to plead guilty from a pure risk management perspective, even if he has an enormously strong case. I'm not so sure about that. Imagine the terrible precedent you'd set. EDIT: Risk aversion is sometimes toxic to society. What if it's a charge you know to be bogus, or that you really didn't do anything wrong? Would people willingly go to jail for a crime they know they didn't commit? If it's hazy about whether what they did was a crime, that's a different matter though. And it's a little frustrating to see prosecutors trump up charges to get an easy plea bargain. Maybe there should be some limit between the max sentence and the min plea sentence, so that they can't throw 50-year threats around without at least a 5-year plea bargain. I wonder, as the world moves to cloud computing, will there be much difference between "hosting" and "linking"? Documents are digital, but "digital" used to mean that the bits were on a device that you own, which is becoming less true with time. Does the location of bits on a harddrive determine guilt, or does the intent to distribute the protected information? If intent, then is linking intent? Why did it become socially acceptable for prosecutors to throw around 100-year threats, though? It seems like the only reason that's not a crime is because they're the legal system. Maybe there should be a limit on the span between maximum threat and minimum sentence, so that 100-year threats can't be thrown around unless the minimum plea is at least 5-10 years. That would make a prosecutor hesitate to employ such a powerful weapon, because the defendant would be more willing go to trial in that scenario, which reduces their chances of landing that conviction. Ah, thank you. So does anyone know what maximum threat he's actually facing? Is it true to say "no one really knows precisely how much of a threat he's facing"? The justice system is usually precise, so it seems odd that a precise maximum can't readily be found in this case. Do you think the maximum is probably more than 10 years? EDIT: I see you've run the numbers in your other comment, sorry: 1028 imposes a maximum sentence of 15 years for the gravest crime listed in the statute. Assuming he is found (or pleads guilty) this yields a likely maximum sentence of 17 years, or a potential maximum sentence of no more than 33 years. Does this seem excessive? Late in life and after his death Hoover became a controversial figure, as evidence of his secretive actions became known. His critics have accused him of exceeding the jurisdiction of the FBI.[1] He used the FBI to harass political dissenters and activists, to amass secret files on political leaders,[2] and to collect evidence using illegal methods.[3] Hoover consequently amassed a great deal of power and was in a position to intimidate and threaten sitting Presidents.[4] However, according to biographer Kenneth Ackerman, the notion that Hoover’s secret files kept presidents from firing him is a myth.[5] Seems some on Wikipedia disagree...