Agreed. Totally open office sounds like a disaster. I'm on a team of about 10 people, mostly developers, with a few QA specialists mixed. 3 are remote. At my office, we have normal cubes on the first floor. But, we spend 90% of our work hours in a "lab" on the second floor. The lab has one central conference table, so we're all facing each other. So, if we need quiet time to talk on the phone or concentrate, we go downstairs. But, the default for most of the developers is upstairs. Our analyst splits about 50/50. I really like this arrangement. I find I'm LESS distracted when I'm working in a group, even it we're just sitting around the table and not actually talking or pair programming. Of course, we can also work from home should the need arise. Overall, my employer is pretty flexible about all of this. Correct. PG County is only "low income" relative to its neighbors. If memory serves, it's the wealthiest majority minority county in the nation. Keurig machine in the kitchen here. I'm sure it offends the coffee-snobs, but it works for me (I drink tea, not coffee, so just use it for hot water). "My feeling is that consumers are so used to weird domains at this point that nobody really cares about particular domains..." I'd love to see some research indicating this is true. While I certainly am used to "weird domains", I still often default to .com when trying to find things. If I want to look at Ford's current line-up, my first instinct would be to try ford.com. Of course, that fails spectacularly when searching for Nissan cars. But will Israeli security practices scale? Ben Gurion served a bit over 13 million passengers in 2012. JFK served over 47 million. Sure, but it's located below the donation section, which still claims to be ad free. And the site itself is JAMMED with affiliate links disguised as pretty pictures. She can justify it however she wants, but at the end of the day, she's misleading readers (IMO). I'm pretty sure he's saying the guy/gal working from home with 4 kids running around can't be a productive employee. Which is probably true for most cases. Kids can be a giant distraction. "People said the same thing about the huge, bulky cell phones that came out in the 1980s." And, I can count the number of people I knew with those early, bulky cell phones on my fingers and toes. It wasn't until the smaller, cheaper cell phones of the 90s that everybody had one. Will Google Glass lead to something useful? Perhaps. But, will it be a game-changer today? I doubt it. And he's correct about speech interfaces. So far, all of the readily available consumer versions are horrible. "pot use in Silicon Valley... is lower than average. I've seen ... employees openly smoked pot in the office, ...pot smoked at parties etc. and a handful of friends smoke" Based on my experience in the DC metro area, pot use in Silicon Valley is FAR higher than here. Aside from a few friends who smoked in the their teens and early-20s, I don't see it much at all. Maybe DC is even lower than average because of the high concentration of government jobs (and the accompanying clearance process)? Yeah, I don't get it. It sounds like a noisy restaurant. clang bash bang The few people I know who have spent time in Amsterdam also had the same comment. To the point that it was a running joke. Yes. In the last decade or so, the Virginia DMV has been painless for typical tasks. Most common tasks can be performed online - registration, license renewal, even obtaining titles after paying off loans (assuming the dealer/bank held the title electronically). The few times I've had to show up in person, I've been in and out in 30 minutes or less. Question... How do YOU choose the wines you buy? I enjoy a good wine, but never bothered refining my taste for regions, pairings, etc. Instead, I found a good, local wine shop. When I need a bottle, I just ask for what I want... "something to go with a duck dinner", "something to drink on a hot, summer night", etc. So far, they haven't let me down. I probably average $20/bottle - certainly more than strictly necessary for a good bottle - but I figure it's almost guaranteed I'll enjoy the bottle, and it's going to a local, family business, so I'm ok with that. I'll give the benefit of the doubt, and assume "low cost labor" is something close to "first year employee wages". And, not every smart kid is cut out for starting a business. I wasn't. Too risk averse. I like to build software, I'm pretty good at it, but much prefer the comfort of a salary. No comment on banking interns, but I occasionally mentor developer interns. We always have real work for them to do. Usually prototyping something using a new technology that we're considering. Or, prototyping a new product that hasn't been resourced yet. They work a normal work week. 40-45 hours/week. No clue what we pay them, but they are paid and provided housing. We usually hire a few of them full-time when they finish school and they're generally very successful employees. I assume they have a good time. They're 20-21 years old; I hope they do. Stressing at a desk sounds like a pretty lame way to spend your 20s. "Noting also that this played out over many years." Not so. The article states the liens can be sold after a year and foreclosure initiated after an additional 6 months. In several of the cases listed, the original home owner was in hospice care or otherwise unavailable. I don't disagree that the city needs a way to recoup unpaid taxes. But, there has to be a better way than this. Yes, which is why we have the large number of new for-profit institutions. Many of these new for-profits deliver degrees that aren't the paper used to print them because delivery a quality education isn't easy. Yes, very common, at least in the wealthier regions. Many kids have a car available as soon as they can legally drive. That said, I've noticed a trend among my son's peers. Many of them delayed driving until they left for college. Not sure why. When I was that age, everybody skipped school on their 16th birthday to go take the driving test. Correct, it does already exist and it's even more diverse than you indicate. Community colleges (2-year), state colleges, private colleges, state universities, and private universities. All on a continuum, with a fair bit of overlap between categories. I'm sure everybody that attended a top school has a story about the rich flunky down the hall, but it's still the exception, not the rule. This is close to my current office environment. I have a typical cube, located in a typical cube farm, if I want some relative peace and quiet. And the team has a dedicated "lab" where I spend most of my day. It's not a totally open-plan area - just a conference room. Never more than 6-7 developers, of whom 4 are on my team, and the rest are transients from other teams working on related projects. I prefer the lab and only head down to the cube if I need to take client calls. Several of the developers prefer the cubes and spend most of their day there, only coming to the lab for a few hours/day. Not really. While I'm sure you could grab the brakes hard enough to launch yourself over the bars, there is a LOT of braking power to be had before that point. I ride close to 6000 miles/year, most road cycling, racing criteriums and road races. Going over the bars because I simply grabbed the front too hard isn't even the top-20 things I worry about. How many islands (or what % of total land mass) does a nation need to be considered an archipelagic state? You go to the theater for the "unique" concessions? I guess stale nachos and overpriced M&Ms are "unique", but I'd debate if they're a reason to go to the movies. :) Strava does allow users to flag segments as dangerous. I've flagged quite a few on a local multi-use "bike" trail - there are just too many pedestrians, joggers, and horses to try and chase the clock. Being fast on a cross-country trail is about conservation of speed, not just going fast on the downhill segments. Several of the fastest mountain bikers I know grew up racing motocross and bmx. The speed they carry through corners if amazing. The ten years included several startups. And while it appears all eventually failed or were put in the back-burner, he did raise $2 million in angel funding along the way. So, at least in regards to keeping himself housed and fed, I guess it was successful. Downhill racing helment? Motorcycle helmet? Neither of which you'd normally wear on a road bike. In my county (suburban DC), it was roughly (I briefly considered moving into teaching in the early 2000s): - degree in related subject, typically math (CS is/was part of the math department in the county) - master's degree in education, or some other combination of post-graduate work that qualifies for a teaching certificate. My degree in Economics, with a minor in CS, didn't come close to qualifying me to teach CS in high school. Not that it should have by default. But, it does make me wonder where Chicago will find CS teachers. If they have to come from the ranks of those already qualified to teach math, that's not a very large pool. The article explains it all. The rules only apply to those enrolled in the ASAP program. Non-ASAP students get the standard CC experience, come and go, part-time, etc. The ASAP program forces those students into a more rigorous program in order to get them graduated. I don't see a problem with that - there is obviously a set of students that need the structure in order to excel. And it appears to be working. So, what's your gripe ("bullshit rules")? I agree with the principle. However, you are ignoring the financial implications. CCs need tuition payments to survive. Very few, if any, have large endowments. Student's who aren't on track to graduate can't always obtain financial aid or subsidized/deferred-payment loans. And even though CCs tend to be more affordable than 4-year schools, they still aren't inexpensive to the majority of the population. So, graduation rates become a major part of ensuring financial viability. That. Or, people buy Chromebooks, realize they're no better than the [tablet|"real" laptop|PC] they already own, and don't use them much? Most traditional 4-year students wouldn't be counted in your area. Their permanent residences are likely with the parents. Easy example... in the US, a policeman's word is often enough to cite you for breaking a traffic law. In Scotland, you would need two policemen, or one policeman and a camera, or some other combination of >1 sources of evidence. Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. Would it be normal for a minority owner of a start-up to be able to legally force the majority to buy them out? I wouldn't have thought so. The 30% owner could have sat on the shares and waited to see what happened. They were effectively free (in the sense that he didn't buy them and was apparently paid a reasonable salary as well). Maybe. Members of the US military generally enjoy the same rights and protections as civilians, but there are limits on their speech and they are subject to different laws/regulations (UCMJ). Military officers in the US are barred from speaking contemptuous words against the President and VP. (article 88 UCMJ). There is a parallel article that applies to enlisted members. Calling the Pres a "fascist pig" is a no-no. Army regulation 600-20 limits members ability to campaign on behalf of candidates for public office and partisan political causes. I'm not aware of anything like this that applies to civilian government employees. On the way to my bachelor party, my friends snuck a foil-wrapped dildo into my luggage in the hopes of eliciting a TSA response. Thankfully, it didn't work. H&R Block personal software, except for the years I have more unusual situations (AMT, non-qualifying options, etc), then I hire a CPA. Either they didn't see it, or they did, but didn't care. Either way, we all got a good laugh about it when I unpacked at our destination. "Running a scheme like this involves lots of skills, none of them technical." While I agree that this statement is correct, I would suggest that one skill that is required is the ability to use Google. She really should spend a few hours learning something, anything, about the subject matter she is expected to represent in the corridors of power. She obviously has failed to do that. Really? This is what all the flap is about? This is awful. It's almost impossible to get passed the first set of pipes because the a single click makes the bird jump half the height of the screen. Is the mobile app just as unusable? The one that the creator yanked after it got popular... http://www.cnn.com/2014/02/09/tech/flappy-bird-removed-from-... "I guess [you] don’t care about hard work or loyalty." -- Stretch That's ripe. Pay your employees a low wage, treat them like shit, and then expect loyalty? Gimme a break. Loyalty is a two-way street and I don't see any reciprocation from corporate America (in this case, or in general). The CT200h has been on the market for several years now. It's a nice car. But, it still isn't a Tesla. It is literally a short-wheelbase Prius with a slightly upscale interior. And is priced accordingly (mid-$30k to the Prius' upper-$20k). Lexus also offers the RX SUV in hybrid. Probably one of the most popular vehicles in the DC area. We have the gas version. Very nice. But, not a performance vehicle. Sounds like the criminal offense was breaking and entering. The suspect admitted (to the blogger?) to illegally entering MS facilities to obtain the stolen software. $100/year for subscription. OR $139 one-time for Office Home. Sure sounds expensive to me. I'll stick to the Apple office suite for now. These days, it's not. Originally, it was beneficial to the manufacturers to let franchisees take the risk of opening new storefronts. The franchise laws were put in place to stop manufacturers from undercutting their own franchises once the market was established. Directly cause deaths? Maybe, maybe not, I guess it depends how far into a root cause analysis you go. Regardless, while driving without power steering and brakes is possible when you're expecting it, it's quite a shock when you aren't. Especially if you've never done it before, which I suspect is true for many of today's drivers. I can easily envision circumstances where loss of power could cause an accident. Fast road, sharp corner, surrounded by woods, etc. Can anybody comment on the usefulness of open plan space when there is a wide range of programmer ability? I can see if everybody on the team is a rock star that the benefits of open space could be smaller. But, what if you have a mix of senior engineers and junior developers (who presumably need more active mentoring)? I ask because in my current role, I'm the product architect for a large web application. In addition to the usual design and development tasks, part of this role is bringing new development teams up to speed on technologies they have not used before. I find it much easier to be in a team room with those teams, they get immediate feedback, can ask questions, etc. If I was in an office or cube, I'd have a constant stream of emails from individuals to answer. Yeah, I don't get it. Is this some sort of rent-control problem? Where his parents lived in a rent-controlled apartment and passed it down to him improperly? (I have no idea how rent-control buildings in NYC work, this is the only that makes any sense without details) I'm near DC. I'd guess >95% of the time, you're stuff would be fine while you head to the bathroom or get a refill on the coffee. But, that's still a significant risk, especially once you add hassle factor onto any dollar value.