Duh. What is a user supposed to think? If the cert can't be verified, the page should fail to load - the web site is broken. If company X can't figure out certificates, how is a user supposed to? If the API headers are copyrighted, wouldn't any program that uses them be a derivative work? In that light, every Java program is infringing. Every program on earth would be infringing something wouldn't it? I have to agree here. The default would be to dispose of his body in a traditional way. There could be arguments about burial or cremation or maybe some other tradition I don't know about, but no one thinks of thin-slicing the head as any kind of default in todays (or yesterdays) world. I find the question of how this got approved almost as interesting as the original story. I can only think of 3 ways to decide: 1) prior consent from a parent 2) just ask him even though his brain is not normal 3) politics. Debating the legitimacy of #2 is really just going with option #3. I was going to ask that same question but decided to read all the other comments first. That practice should be illegal IMHO. That is altering content. Creating derivative works? It'd clearly be anti-competetive if the replaced others ads with their own. I've been waiting for that and Built-in TV tuner for years. I don't think the carriers want that because you don't use their expensive data then. I'm on republic now, so I don't use carriers data anyway and TV would be great. Also as a special interest, allowing that FM tuner to go a little higher in frequency could pick up the aviation frequencies - every pilot would want one (that's not a huge market). It also looks like you need a different cartridge to measure each of those 5 things which would be terrible. Who nominated this former lobbyist for the FCC spot? And who voiced/voted their approval? Voters should know. The existence of the LGPL has always seemed liked a solution to what would otherwise be a grey area to me, and I thought FSF thought that too. Not sure they come down clearly on the one side. I know some of the Linux kernel people think that way too. Interesting. And a long history of not becoming wide spread. From TFA "Russell said he and his team had engineered the virus to make it more suitable for cancer therapy." I just assumed the term "suitable" really meant "profitable" but some of the comments indicate it was modified to target the cancer better (how so?). It seems the cost of trials and approvals is too high for a naturally occurring virus, so everyone wants to customize them so they become patentable. But we're talking about people who have been told "this disease is going to kill you." If a treatment causes even 5 percent of them to be cured, how is that not significant? What if 40 percent have tumors shrink? Remember, any reversal of the disease is a good thing. If you're just measuring a statistical increase in life span (say 3 years treated vs 1 year placebo), I'd say you're not really aiming high enough. If you've got something with real promise you'd know it without a control group. The person in this article is exactly such a case. He says "As housing prices rise, affordability gets worse when incomes fail to keep pace and interest rates move higher." which is just not accurate. Home prices vary inversely with interest rates. Increased rates would lower home prices. The problem is that would put people under water just like it did in 2008 when they jacked rates up (this triggered the crisis but was by no means all that was involved). Rates are at an all time low which has re-inflated the bubble to near peak levels. With crazy lending practices stopped, most people can't buy at these prices. Interest rates can not be raised at anything but a snails pace without causing another crash. The fed can't even stop buying treasuries or the increased yeild will blow the federal budget (an election is coming too) and kill the stock market. They're backed into a corner and trying to creep out ever so slowly. So what is the play today? The US is backed into a corner. Interest rates are near zero (Fed fund rate) and they're buying $75Billion in bonds a month to keep interest rates low. That was $85B and was supposed to taper, but as soon as they dropped a little bit mortgage rates rose and home sales dropped again - the housing market is at another peak with the low interest rates with nowhere to go but down. They keep hoping to get some inflation going by pushing on that rope and it's just not happening. All the money is going into stocks. If we do get significant inflation they'll have to raise rates and destroy the housing market (worse than last time). So we're on the brink. It's hard to short stocks when they're rising so fast - one who could time this thing could make Soros' gain look like lunch money. What is the play? I assumed we'd be comparing to the predicted outcome from no treatment, but I suppose if you wait until Hospice time there's not going to be much success with even the best virus compared to doing nothing. Which raises other questions about just how long and at what cost we try to delay the inevitable. So you claim to be a decent programmer, but haven't been working a traditional job in years because why? You claim to be smart but don't know the value of maintaining a basic financial safety net. It won't be hard to bail you out, but this should not be happening in the first place. Let it be a lesson to others. Or is this just a fake? I strapped a display to my face with full 6 DOF head tracking and played Dactly Nightmare in a bar circa 1994. My Fiance shot me. My head bounced down the stairs. Big screens up above allowed all the people gathered round to watch from either of our perspectives. Fuck off Apple you didn't invent any of this. Notice what how the list of claims starts: 1. (canceled) For the wordsmiths out there, you can visit Websters actual house at Greenfield Village in Dearborn Michigan, along with a number of other historic buildings. Note: I didn't say "home" because that's not where the house - nor any of these buildings - originally was. However, they are well preserved and all in one place. Mr Ford's idea of a history museum was rather unique. Usually the claims build upon previous claims. You start out with the general and move on to the specific, often citing previous claims with language like: 4) An unumthingamajig as in claim 1 with added... to... Deleting one of the early claims is likely to remove the foundation from some of the later ones. But sure, we mustn't judge based on what's no longer there. The noob never saw a person get married and change both their last name and email address. There is no such thing as a "natural key" that can never change, that's why auto-incrementing integers are used. Also, users should not rely on the keys being monotonic. That's a very nice detailed line-by-line confirmation that they were doing their job to the letter of the law. But you make no comment on the notion that the UK may have modified these devices to spy on the Guardian and needed to destroy the evidence. Of course that isn't your job, and because it would probably be illegal (IDK UK law about that) you couldn't prove it either way. Just sayin' wxPython is a big one for me. But it looks more like it's dying altogether rather than not getting ported to 3. "I personally think backwards compatibility and gradual change - evolution, not revolution - is the way to go." I'm gonna guess that you're not new to C++. I say new because people who have been following it and picking up all the changes along the way often can't see the forest for the trees. That forest is ugly. It's not you, that's how I read it. All I get from following the links in the comments is a blue button to turn ON some google feature. Have I avoided opting IN to something nasty thus far? I've heard of it, but there has never been an official release. I was looking forward to it for a couple years but I've given up. Shouldn't they take them to court first? At what point does "give me money or else..." become extortion? Does it matter if they phrase it "I'm going to... but you can prevent that by paying me now." Can they answer the question "Which architecture is most efficient?" Let us not forget the downsides of the artificial sweeteners, and the phosphoric acid in a lot of these drinks. Even worse, the link goes to some dude who copied the blog so he could get page views instead of the author. HN posts it with a link to his page, not hers. He doesn't even talk about it, just "hey this is cool I'm gonna repost it so I get hits." If the cabin is pressurized why would they need suits? Did SpaceX ever say anything about this? Imagine the operational cost savings of not needing them for anything but space walks outside the station. I think Elon looked extra uncomfortable inside the thing with the control panel in front of him. He seemed eager and relieved to get out. I got the impression he doesn't like confined spaces. It's amazing how little propellant is needed for landing vs getting to orbit. It's probably better to have a larger screen further away, particularly for older people who can't focus close up any more. That occurs some time in your 40's for you youngsters who may think "older" means quit a few more years than that. Actually, it doesn't belong anywhere. In the book "Women's Infidelity" the author makes a compelling argument that a lot of relationship issues today stem from the double standard society uses to shame womens sexuality. Promiscuous men are revered, while women are shamed. There's a LOT more to it and it's really interesting reading. Society is a changin' and this language needs to go, not just on tech sites. Cap and trade is stupid. It's a form of "carbon credits" designed to create a market for the likes of wall street while allowing for politics to also play a role. The simplest thing to do is TAX the carbon coming out of the ground (oil or coal) or coming into the country. This cost will automatically be passed on to whomever uses that fuel in direct proportion to how much the use. However, we continue to subsidize some carbon producers, so you can clearly see that reducing emissions is NOT the primary agenda here. Don't encourage this way of thinking too much. The gnome folks seem to think "hot corners" are awesome because they are easy to hit with a mouse. The problems is that they are also making something that looks like a touch interface, where the corners are awkward if at all possible to hit. Not to mention they lack visual ques. That said, the w95 start button probably should have extended to the corner. Two things. 1) Change password screens want you to enter the new password twice so that a typo doesn't end up in your password and prevent your own access in the future. If you copy/paste you will be copying any typo and circumventing this mild protection. 2) The whole time I kept thinking this forces people to type their password which makes it an easy target for key loggers - which are AFAICT designed to snif user credentials. Why would you want to extinguish it? Why yes, yes it does. But it's complex. The rule for embedded C is to never call malloc() or free(). You manage everything because heap fragmentation could lead malloc() to fail and then your system crashes. So given that, reference counting would seem to use more space for the same set of variables which would be bad. OTOH, the pause that may occur while collection happens can be fatal to such a system. The trade here is memory use vs non-deterministic run time. I'll take the memory use any day in such a system. Eventually you will not be able to _purchase_ a movie or a book. There will be commercial and non-commercial and then they'll start trying to outlaw non-commercial because it hurts the economy. Read "The Right to Read" by RMS. So never mind back porting. Can the implementation be extended to 100 percent compatibility without losing the benefits? In other words, could it replace cpython? But Google likes to read your email so they can target ads. Even they don't want you to encrypt on the client. My daughter has been identifying sarcasm since she was 5 or 6 years old. At 8 she's really good at it. While non-trivial for machines, this problem is not really as advanced for people as it may seem. Where did he make this statement? I doubt it had anything to do with ego as the blog suggests. Once things get to production there can be a managerial aversion to any change due to the amount of tracking/process involved. Someone probably got an ego boost from getting the fix into production in spite of the process by circumventing it. The big issue is not so much that they violated the part release process - which is bad, but that the severity of the issue did not get elevated to the point that it would cause a recall. This in spite of having some very fine safety analysis people. "The O(n) extra-space required by mergesort isn't always available." Heapsort The larger question: All platforms seem to eventually converge on icons to some extent. What I see here is that the concept of sharing is new, and I don't think that's limited to computer uses. We live in a very competitive world where we consume, buy, compete. Sure we share things, but we discriminate in the physical world. I think the notion of sharing non discriminately with ALL our connections is fundamentally new and this is contributing to the lack of a standard symbol. The number one ant-pattern is DON"T CREATE YOUR OWN LICENSE. To me there is GPL, BSD, MIT - and I'd have to read to discern the later two. MPL and Apache are there if you want a variation on the main ones. Everyone else creating a new license has some kind of agenda. This was apparent to a lot of us when SUN put out their license AND required assignment. Let me say that again. If you're not using one of the top 5 licenses you've got an agenda and may as well go home. Some speculation: This is necessary to close a deal on the huge battery plant. Not sure why I didn't think of this immediately given the timing. Reason? The partner(s) want to sell all the capacity even if Tesla can't buy it all, and they want everyone to know there won't be any issue buying Tesla batteries. Linked-In used to put up a message wanting to "verify" my email address and ask for a password. I made it a point to never ever give them my email password because I thought they'd help themselves. Anyone know if they do? I also gave my linked-in account it's own password in case they might try do something crappy like trying to get at my email assuming its the same password. It's not just them, half the apps on Google Play want access to my contacts, texts, and/or location - stuff the app itself has no use for. Has anyone made a processor that speculatively executes both branch options? I guess good simulations would show weather that or branch prediction is better.