Deployment and reproducible builds were so bad for us that we switched to Nix. It largely solved the problem, but it has us doing a lot of work to maintain our Nix infrastructure and definitions. Putting aside the misuse of the term, "emotional labor" as a problem strikes me as possibly the least significant of all problems faced by any people group in all of history. I wonder why we spend so much time and energy tackling these kinds of issues when there are so many more pressing problems (for example, the workplace fatality gap). If "emotional labor" is the next frontier for feminism, then feminism is a distraction and thus counterproductive. My understanding is that much of Europe was deforested during the Bronze and Iron ages, mostly for fuel to smelt ores. Hopefully someone who knows more can comment? OP said "Google", not the "US". What's "silly" about thinking males are the majority at Google? Manslaughter and murder are already criminalized, at least in the United States. Where do you live? > Men may be the majority of Google employees, but they clearly aren't the majority of the population. That suggests there is discrimination somewhere, either in Google's hiring approach or in wider society (it's unlikely that there is some innate difference between men and woman that would account for such a disparity). OP was citing Damore's claim about population level differences. Damore's claim wasn't that the US is 80% male so of course Google is 80% male, it's that men and women have different distributions for a given trait (hence, "population level differences") and these differences in distribution might account for Google's demographics better than discrimination. One such population-level difference is that women are far more likely to choose careers that are flexible or to leave the workplace altogether to start a family. By itself, this difference doesn't likely account for the whole disparity, but there are others as well--women prefer to work with people as opposed to abstract reasoning systems. It could even be true that men and women are on average exactly as qualified to be a Google engineer, but that men have a flatter distribution (more representation at the extreme low and high end of the distribution) and that Google samples from the high end, ergo selecting more males. Greater male variability is common in lots of species (including humans) for lots of different traits. It's also interesting that female participation in STEM is inversely proportional to gender equality; countries with very high gender equality (e.g., Scandanavian countries) have relatively few women in STEM while cultures with less gender equality (the middle east, India, China, etc) have far greater STEM participation. It also seems unlikely that discrimination is the cause since women achieved parity in medicine and law in the '80s and '90s when the fields were notoriously, overtly sexist, but the tech industry can't move the needle despite sinking tens or hundreds of millions into "diversity". It seems entirely likely that innate differences play a significant role. There will undoubtedly be a lot of (otherwise very intelligent) people who will read "population level gender differences" and interpret it as "Wait, you're saying X is true for literally every woman?! How can you generalize like that?!". Of course, this isn't what I'm saying or what the OP said or what Damore said, so let's not go down that straw man rabbit hole. > If we want a meritocracy and opportunity for all, and if we want to maximize talent in our workplaces, we need to counteract the discrimination that's actually happening and not act as if we are in another world. This is at odds with history. Our society has been trending toward equality since before the civil rights era, and the philosophy that drove the change was individualism--a _rejection_ of identity politics. It's the only philosophy that has ever effectively reduced racism. "Fighting racism with racism" has only ever triggered tribalistic reflexes which increase racism (hence the uptick in right-wing identity politics following the mainstreaming of left-wing identity politics). Racism in any form for any reason is deplorable, and it isn't an effective way to reduce anti-minority racism. > I dated a lovely woman who descended from the very Inuit tribes you two are hand waving at Wow. Just wow. You're bragging about dating an indigenous woman? I find that to be very colonialist and sexist. Your use of their lived experiences to make yourself appear woke is also problematic. I'm just kidding. Could you imagine how insufferably boring I would be if I left comments like these sincerely? Of course, there's no evidence that women are "treated like a second-class minority". There are individual instances where women fare worse than men (e.g., sexual assault victimization), but there are also individual instances where men fare worse than women (e.g., literally every other kind of assault victimization). It's probably more of a nuisance for people wanting to use the content. E.g., copies with different metadata or tags. According to https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18496054 , these programs have to halt? How does this system guarantee that the programs halt? Does this mean eBPF is not Turing complete? Pretty sure this constitutes illegal discrimination under US law? I suspect people see a lot of enterprise-y boilerplate (IAbstractFactoryBeans, for example), absurd inheritance hierarchies, and other things like getters and setters--they think these things are "part of writing Java" in a way that isn't "part of writing Go". In some sense, they're right--Java has more of a boilerplate culture even though it technically requires less boilerplate than Go. You can break from that culture (and as I understand it, Java is moving away from that boilerplate culture) to a certain extent, but you're still likely to have to use libraries that encourage it (by extending a ridiculous inheritance hierarchy, for example) and you'll probably end up working on teams that require a certain amount of boilerplate (e.g., mandates like "getters and setters for everything!"). I don't think using a loaded word like "concentration camps" is going to improve the quality or clarity of discussion in this thread. Perhaps use a different term (e.g., "holding facility") or clarify that you mean "concentration camp" in some strictly technical sense that doesn't meaningfully resemble the usual imagery associated with the term. I agree with your point, but the snark here is unwarranted (pretty sure the parent isn't even contesting your point) and very likely to derail the otherwise interesting conversation (IMHO). I'm generally of the opinion that Go is less verbose than Java as well, but I'm of the impression that a lot has changed in Java since I last used it. It now has lambdas and other niceties, for example. Go has error boilerplate and lacks generics. Personally, I think Go's boilerplate is less of a big deal in general (Java's generics, lambdas, and exception handling come with their own issues which are often more significant than Go's boilerplate). Mostly I just don't think a debate about which language has less boilerplate will be very enlightening. Jail time doesn't determine whether or not an act is legal (consider running a red light or underage drinking). In particular, the law you cited above is pretty clear that entering the US to seek asylum is illegal but may be forgiven if asylum is granted. To be clear, these detainees are held under the pretense that they are going to be deported (however they must first be processed). The valid criticism of ICE is that they are apparently detaining US citizens and the detention conditions are unsatisfactory, but it's not a question that it's illegal to enter the US to seek asylum. I agree with all of this, but Go also has a pretty great standard library, tooling, and deployment story that you're overlooking. Notably, Go's tools are fast (no need to run a daemon because CLIs take too long to start up), there's no imperative DSL for its build system, there's a builtin/standard test runner, there's a standard formatter, documentation is simple and comes out of the box (no special javadoc syntax, just comments above functions; no need to write a CI job to build and publish docs nor a webserver to host them), profiling and benchmarking are builtin. That said, the thing I like about Java is that its JIT compiler and bytecode system allow for efficient metaprogramming; Go's runtime package works, but it's not fast at all. These use cases are few and far between, but it would be nice if Go had a good web framework story (e.g. rails, django, spring, etc). > Maybe conforming to an interface without explicitly declaring it (like you declare an instance of a typeclass in Haskell) may look like a controversial decision. I still think it does more good by removing boilerplate than bad by accepting an object as conforming to an interface in a rare case when you did not mean it. Yeah, I hear this objection pretty frequently, but I've literally never heard of a single instance of this resulting in a real production bug. If it's a rare case, it's vanishingly rare, while it's no exaggeration to say that virtually every project benefits from the advantages. "Illegal" is a well defined term. Punishment or lackthereof are irrelevant. > Which comes with its own (sometimes dangerous) downsides. I don't buy this. I've heard the theoretical arguments to the contrary, but I've never (in 7 years of consistent Go use) heard of anyone being bit by this in practice--certainly not to any significant consequence. On the other hand, implicit interfaces materially benefit nearly every project in the Go ecosystem. I would make this tradeoff all day every day. Illegal immigration is a prosecutable offense replete with fines and prison sentences. As I understand it, a judge hears the cases and can sentence an individual to deportation, fines, or prison time depending on the defendant's circumstances. IANAL. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immigration_and_Nationality_Ac... Immutability is neat, but you can get a long way by passing by copy and/or documenting whether a value shouldn't be mutated. I would like to see immutability added to Go, but it would break my heart if it was inspired by Java (i.e., final) instead of Rust's notion of immutability. It would indeed be really interesting to understand how the court was able to rationalize that; INA is pretty explicit. In any case, I doubt typical "illegal immigration" can be meaningfully described as "fleeing persecution", and I say that with an abundance of sympathy for those garden variety illegal immigrants. One incident doesn't make it "far from theoretical". I concede that it's "vanishingly small", however. > Secondly, I found that in practice, it doesn't buy you much, and on the contrary, makes working with code more difficult (even with an IDE). I don't know about you, but I don't like having to write boilerplate to make a third party class implement a first party interface. > It's valuable information to know what interface(s) a type implements, not to mention finding all types down the hierarchy that implement a given interface (much more tedious and resource hungry with golang). How is that information valuable? The only thing I can think of is "I want to change the interface and consequently I need to update the implementations". In which case, just change the interface and the compiler will tell you what broke. As for "resource hungry", who cares? I'll trade 50ms of computing time per search (note that this is a generous figure) if it means developers don't need to maintain "implements" annotations and the corresponding boilerplate discussed above. > It's useful when you want to know where a certain concrete type is being passed as an interface. If you have a type Foo that has functions bar() and baz(), then it becomes very tedious to see where Foo is being used as a `Barrer` (in golang style), `Bazzer` or even `BarrerBazzer` because it now automatically implement all three interfaces. That's just a generalization of the example I gave, and the same solution applies (although there are probably automated solutions). Unless there are other special cases that you have to do so frequently that the solution previously mentioned is too tedious, then I don't see what the fuss is about. > Another use case is that it becomes awkward to define "tag" interfaces (look at Rust's `Send` trait for instance). Now you're forced to define an interface with a function `isSend` or something and hope that no one else declares another interface with the same signature and passes in types that implement that. Again, more bug-prone behavior. I don't know how to take this comment seriously. The odds of someone implementing isSend and passing it to the wrong interface have to be astronomically low. The frequency of such bugs must be approaching zero. It's patently unreasonable to consider this to be "bug prone", moreover, if you're really, really concerned about it, randomly generate your private method name to whatever degree of entropy you prefer. > On any non-trivially sized project, it takes way longer than that to look up implementations of interfaces in the IDEs I've used so far. You're looking at 30s+ sometimes. File those bugs with the IDEs. Any IDE worth its salt holds the set of types in memory. Even if the set is just a list/array (as opposed to some data structure that is indexed by the interfaces they implement), it should take no time at all to filter that to the set that implements the interface, even if there are tens of thousands of types. From TFA: > The principal audience for ADRP 6-22 is all leaders, military and civilian Can you elaborate on what makes it a good VM? I know very little about VMs, but I'm curious. This is really cool! One suggestion: logging to a file makes it harder for things like Docker to exfiltrate logs. Log to stderr by default, and the caller can redirect to a file on disk if they want to. > Anyone who has only been deplatformed and is complaining that the world is becoming authoritarian needs to realize that this has always been the way of the world. Forever. There has never been a time in history when someone could voice an unpopular view or be seen as an unpopular identity and not receive public ridicule, shame, or retribution of some kind, and where companies censored no content whatsoever. I generally agree that historically we haven't had totally free speech; however, we've been on an upward trend, and some of us are sad to see organizations at the helm of huge channels of speech using their power to prop up certain worldviews, especially somewhat extreme, fringe worldviews with questionable moral credentials (to put it charitably). We should keep the trend going; not reverse it to regress back to "the way things always have been". > There has never been a time in history when someone could voice an unpopular view or be seen as an unpopular identity and not receive public ridicule, shame, or retribution of some kind, and where companies censored no content whatsoever. No serious person is asking for the ability to express views without criticism, and regarding corporate censorship, utilities aren't allowed to censor speech--I support regulating social media companies as utilities. This doesn't mean social media has to be a dumb channel either; those companies could curate content so long as it's not on an explicitly ideological basis. For example, it would be fine for Twitter to promote content that is popular, so long as "popular" is determined purely by their users and not dependent upon Twitter's ideology. > What America, and other nations who value freedom, have is a protection against government interference. Let's keep it that way and accept that people are jerks to each other and not everyone wants to hear what you have to say. I think social media in its current state is represents a kind of threat to free speech that formerly could only be mustered by governments. Notably, there is a significant concern on both sides of the aisle that social media companies can be used to steer governments, including as an attack vector by foreign governments. These companies have unprecedented control over speech at this volume that it must be dealt with, in my humble opinion. > When people do it, it's just dissenting voices. Except when those dissenting voices make credible threats to your person, family, and livelihood or libel and slander you at a volume that is infeasible to litigate. > I little sympathy for people getting upset at being deplatformed - they can go elsewhere Where can they go when all of the major social media companies share the same general ideology? This idea that social media networks are plug-and-play beggars belief. Or perhaps you simply meant that people who don't adhere to this ideology simply don't deserve to participate in social media; that it's a privilege and not a right? > their cries of freedom of expression cry wolf to the constitutional issue of those in power doing actual oppression. What does this even mean? "disagree" The Equal Opportunity Act begs to differ. Specifically, companies are/were prevented from discriminating on a racial (etc) basis even though (in many places, at various times) it was unpopular to employ minorities and could even impact the companies' bottom lines. Personally, I'll trade employer profit for employee rights all day every day. My impression was the criticisms of flash stemmed from its security issues, it’s closed nature, it’s relative unfamiliarity (compared to popular languages of the time), and the nuisance that was making sure you had the right version running on your machine at any given time. Modern JavaScript addressed these issues, hence its popularity over Flash. This doesn’t endorse the gratuitous application of JS for fundamentally static content, but it sets the context for your perceived “shift in dev culture”. I agree that that was a turning point for usage, but we're discussing popularity among developers. Flash was unpopular among developers long before Apple banned it. Devs hated Flash for all of the reasons cited above, but browsers didn't support anything better for many use cases. > People often say "It works on my machine (and not in cloud)...", to avoid this we have simple solution - always run in docker container. And when I say always I really mean it - build in container, run in container, test in container. Actually I didn't mention it in previous section, but the make test really is "just" docker run. I've had nothing but bad luck with Docker for Mac. It's been super slow. If any container is running at all, the com.docker.hyperkit process eats 160% CPU even if `docker stats` shows the process hovering near 0% CPU. This has been the case for our entire team, and we're in the process of moving away from it. I like Linux as much as the next guy, but the Linux desktop ecosystem (hardware and software) doesn't get the investment it needs to be on-par with Mac. It's cheaper and easier to jettison Docker than MacOS. > But to add a serious note, why is every dependency on the environment so complicated that we just wrap it in some container to just get rid of it? Bad build/dependency-management tooling and non-perfect abstractions over system APIs probably account for most of the issue. Containers are conceptually useful; it's nice to have ephemeral, isolated environments. But if it literally eats all of the CPU it can get its hands on, then it's not useful. Yeah, it affects everyone working on our project. I'm certain it's volume performance, but we've tried all of the workarounds, docker-sync, and several other suggestions. Also (and respectfully), I wonder if your frequency of incidence is artificially low given that many courses tend to use toy-esque projects (although perhaps yours isn't, somehow?)? I'm pretty sure MacOS and most of the headless Linux distributions require you to install it (from a package manager or similar). It's not hard, but usually the alternatives aren't hard to install either. I agree with your point, but make solves the problem rather poorly. Besides the poor UX, it only knows the thing it built most recently, as opposed to maintaining a cache of things it has _ever_ built. And since it doesn't have a cache, it definitely doesn't have a distributed cache, although you could conceivably try to shoehorn NFS or something similar. Lastly, it's not reproducible. It's not going to fail a build if you accidentally let it depend on a file that isn't a formally specified dependency. These are all important concerns, especially for a CI environment. Something like Bazel theoretically solves this problem, but it's poorly documented and non-trivial to use or operate. Other Bazel/Blaze derivatives are worse with respect to usage/operation/correctness. Nix improves on correctness but is even harder to use/operate. There's a lot of room for improvement in this space. > I agree with the observation. But the alternatives are grossly over-engineered or a case study in NIH. I'm sticking with Makefiles until someone can present something better. I agree that they are complex beasts, but that complexity is incidental, not essential (some might argue "a lack of engineering" rather than "overengineered"). The documentation for these tools is also pretty atrocious on average. However, I don't think they're NIH insofar as their direct ancestor (Blaze) was never publicly available and Bazel didn't exist when those original Googler pilgrims brought their build-system ideas to Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc. But nevertheless, there are half a dozen shitty tools instead of one decent tool. Worse, they're pretty much all designed for use in large organizations' monorepos--organizations who can employ people who are specialists in operating/maintaining these tools. > I don't think Nix improves anything when you are stuck writing a weird javascript derivative. This comes from a packager writing bash for a living. The improvements are certainly not uniformly distributed, nor are they sufficient to really justify its mainstream use, IMHO. :) I might be mistaken about MacOS, but it definitely doesn't exist on centos, ubuntu, debian, or alpine--at least not their headless/server variants. Missed opportunity: s/cutest/coolest touche I don't think this is true. C compilers often have a whole bunch of optimizations built in, which could easily make them quite a lot slower than a less-optimized compiler for a language with a more advanced/complex type system. There are other factors as well, such as the efficiency of the compiler--the same C compiler implemented in C and compiled with an advanced C compiler will handily beat a C compiler written in Python and executed on CPython. But to your point, all-else-equal, a program in a language with an advanced type system takes longer to compile than a simpler type system. The judiciary branch. Churches shouldn't pay taxes, but yeah, having the government collect the tithe seems like not enough separation between church/state. Even still, as long as the tax isn't compulsory for non-believers and the countries in question are generally happy with it, it doesn't seem like a very big deal. FWIW, in the US and elsewhere, we have ideologies like Critical Race Theory which are not discernibly different from religions (certainly more religion than sociology or research) and which are taxpayer funded. (And no, this is not the same thing as religious studies programs--studying a religion/ideology is not the same thing as promoting, producing, and enforcing it). I don't think anyone is suggesting that WASM is the new way to write for the web, but I think it's certainly an aspiration that WASM will allow more languages to be used for everyday web development in addition to solving other more niche problems. https://webassembly.org/docs/high-level-goals/ > 3. Design to execute within and integrate well with the existing Web platform: > * execute in the same semantic universe as JavaScript > * access browser functionality through the same Web APIs that are accessible to JavaScript Lawyering aside, I would say that this is pretty much the same thing as "enabling the development in web apps in other languages".