Seems everyone wants their 'I told you so' moment. Why can't we just accept that web 2.0 and these high valuations aren't going away? But why is this important? Can't computers already do this? Even my 1978 TI pocket calculator can do logs very fast. It's not like this is an important unsolved mathematics puzzle. As lot of people are saying that, but the empirical evidence suggests that the valuations, as high as they are, are remarkably sticky. I can only name two web 2.0 duds, zynga and fab, but the rest of the unicorns have either held their value or keep rising. It's not like Uber or Snapchat will become the next friendster and myspace. The failure rate for the $40-90 million valuation range seems much higher than the >$1 billion. http://greyenlightenment.com/winner-take-all-nation/ link to source. for some reason they don't allow hyperlinks in post body Buying cattle futures seems like a good idea nowadays students will just google it and see that is unsolved let it go, man. You keep belaboring the point Everyone talks about McDonald's like they are doing something wrong, but as evidenced by the recent strong performance of the stock price, they are doing exactly what Wall St. expects, which is to provide mass-produced , uninteresting food to billions of consumers all over the world, which is a very profitable business and they have returned billions to shareholders in the form of a very high dividend. You cannot compare McDonald's with Chipotle or Shake Shack..it's a completely different business model and economy of scale. McDonald's is not dead, dying , or going away..they are just being McDonald's, that all. at least a couple years of calculus and linear algebra You look at some of the biggest success of our post-2008 economy - namely web 2.0 companies like snapchat, uber, tinder - and you see they typically involve introverts who are getting very rich very quickly. Being alone is not just a way to save money or find inner peace, but - in the Silicon Valley at least - a possible pathway to riches and fame. Although my opinion is unsubstantiated, the biggest problem is the barrier of knowledge : it takes longer and longer to familiarize yourself with an increasingly growing body of literature. Second, the low-hanging fruit tends to be picked, leaving researchers fighting for the few undiscovered scraps the remain. Third, papers are getting longer and more technical, with more data and co-authors. Forth, much longer approval times, high submission fees, and much higher rejection rates. Research seems to be a team effort now, of many people collaborating over years to publish papers that are very lengthy and technical that reflect only incremental progress in a field. yeah..observational discoveries are mostly luck, versus the hard, technical skill required to derive something like an equation. the quants who study this stuff find that first-day performance is not always predictive of future success/failure. For every Zynga burnout, you have stocks like Zen Desk, Linkedin or Google that keep going up after their IPO pop. Still a big fan of notepad. Uses very little memory, but you must not forget to save periodically. Powerpoint is only as good as the content behind the slides They fucked up big time. That's what people said about Facebook in 2006 when they turned down the Yahoo offer. I predict Snapchat is going to be a dominant player in mobile advertising, like Facebook and Google. I wish I could invest in it now, even at this high valuation. Also extremely bullish on Tinder and Pinterest. But snapchat has huge unlocked revenue potential. they can 'flip' a switch and instantly monetize those millions of users by launching an advertising platform similar to the one Google and Facebook has. Facebook deliberately waited years before generating meaningful revenue, so did Google. digg never got big enough. Pinterest, Whatsapp are intentionally delaying revenue generation to build the userbase, a common strategy and not at all proof that they cannot monetize. that's why it has the valuation it has. the valuation is pricing in the potential . People thought Google and Facebook would not deliver, but they did. Maybe snapchat will, but maybe not. I think they will. The methodology and reasoning behind this study is dubious at best. http://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=myspace%2C%20facebook... If google trends is of any predictive value, Uber and Instagram should not exist (or at least be worse than myspace). The keyword 'snapchat' also shows near zero volume. Ultimately, I think this whole debate on wages, STEM, wealth inequality, and automation boils down to IQ. http://greyenlightenment.com/winner-take-all-nation/ IMHO, people are falling behind because of low IQs and the winner-take-all economy that enriches some, but doesn't leave a whole lot for everyone else. Today’s hyper-meritocracy is amplifying the socioeconomic ramifications of individual cognitive differences such that a person with an IQ >110 is much more likely to succeed than someone with an IQ The solution, on the other hand, -I don't know. No one really knows, and that's why this is such a big debate. So many people realize that this is one of the most pressing issues of the 21st century. How are we going to develop a compromise or solution that handles automation-related jobs loss and inequality. Some propose a basic income; others want redistribution; others wants more spending on education, and so on... From students fresh out of college and in debt, to people looking for jobs, or people who have been laid-off, we're all a part of this debate. Economics is not just for economists - now more than ever we all experience it in our everyday lives. The decoupling is also obvious when comparing advanced degree employment and income versus those with only high school or 'some college'. It's also pronounced between majors, with STEM earning more. these trends have accelerated since 2008. ill-managed prosperity Who do you propose manage it? That seems overbearing, to assume that some entity can do a better job managing the wealth of those who earned it. Wealth inequality will always be with us, just as it has all throughout history. In a free market, bad decisions are punished through the loss of wealth. Thee cause was probably a combination of speculation, leverage, overbuilding, and so on. No one really knows the exact trigger, but a popular opinion seems to be that the Smoot–Hawley Tariff Act made it worse -although even that is debated. The stock market crash lead to margin calls and the sudden evaporation of millions of dollars of wealth and that probably triggered a cascade effect, as business obligations could not be met due to the sudden loss of wealth. Kurzweil's argument is that the acceleration of the acceleration is increasing ..there is a math proof of this somewhere, but can;t find it We've lost that ability in any meaningful capacity. Lumber Liquidators stock fell 80% on the management's bad decision to use crappy Chinese flooring, so that is one example of bad decisions leading to loss of wealth. If there is any justice, maybe he'll get a pardon in 20-30 years for good behavior. The government said they identified six individuals who overdosed and died of drugs they purchased on Silk Road. The parents of two of those individuals—25-year-old Bryan B. from Boston and 16-year-old Preston B. from Perth, Australia—spoke at Friday’s sentencing, pleading emotionally to the judge to give Mr. Ulbricht a harsh sentence. More people die of prescription and OTC drugs. Who wants to be a Starbucks-Crypto millionaire wow considering how long this has gone on, there must have been a handful of people who made a lot of money doing this. A starbucks giftcard is almost like a currency . I wonder if walmart cards have a similar vulnerability Subcultures are dead. I plan to write a full obituary soon. Subcultures were the main creative cultural force from roughly 1975 to 2000, when they stopped working. Why? Dead? I think not. What about the whole NRX Silicon Valley techno-libertarian sub-culture, which came into preeminence in 2008? How about selfie culture? Or STEM culture, or how STEM seems to have become the new 'cool' or celebrity status, especially with the show The Big Bang Theory being so popular? There will always be fads, sub-cultures, movements. Also add: the Red Pill movement , PUA, MGTOW, manosphere, men's rights as new movements/subcultures It's vague to encourage discussion , contemplation the writing has to be somewhat vague in order to get people talking about it, and the author succeeded as evidenced by it being here . The 250 inmates here are locked in their cells for 12 hours a day. But those cells are private rooms, with wood furniture, a shower, a fridge and a flat-screen TV. hmmm...Private rooms could be part of the problem. Isolation can create psychosis. Maybe 12 hours a day is good enough, but I think total isolation should be avoided whenever possible, or let prisoners choose whether or not to be isolated. Integrating prisoners saves money and makes then happier. But these are probably among worst offenders given that there are only 250. Matt actually thinks that allowing the short selling of hot web 2.0/app companies could actually make prices go lower, but in actually it tends to be the opposite as short sellers have to scramble to buy back the shares in panic as prices keep going up. Oh, you think snapchat is a bubble at $4 billion..now it's worth $40 billion. Enjoy your 900% loss. Remember the Porsche/Volkswagen short squeeze fiasco? Apple is the biggest indirect vector of malware..not apple itself but all these naive users. Think of all the tens of millions of people who downloaded malware infested iphone modifications..mindblowing Bring back the cubicles. Open offices are done not for collaboration and openness, but done to save money I have never heard of getting drench by a folded umbrella..lol. A solution in need of a problem I have never heard of getting drench by a folded umbrella..lol One possible solution is cognitive screening - the use of tests such as the Wonderlic, SAT/ACT, or Wechsler to find prospective employees who can learn quickly and have good critical thinking skills (and thus would benefit the most from on-site training for technical tasks. training obviously costs money), but unfortunately something called 'disparate impact' makes this difficult to implement, so employers instead have to let colleges do the screening, turning an advanced degree into a very overpriced, time consuming 'IQ test'. Some people are more concerned about hurt feelings than providing equal opportunities. The 'logic' is if the tests expose a reality that isn't politically correct, we must do away with the test, so the result is more student loan debt, a worse labor market, and more credentialism. Trying disprove disparate impact can be time-consuming and expensive, especially with the litigation, and that's why only large companies and municipalities can use these tests. One problem according to business surveys is the skills mismatch, which is that employers can't find enough qualified employees to fill open spots. Maybe the labor market would be better if these tests were made more readily available so employers can find talent that would benefit the most from on-site training, but most businesses don't have the resources to disprove disparate impact should a lawsuit arise, nor the compiled data to show there isn't discriminatory hiring . Even if the plaintiff's case is without merit, it still costs the employer time and money to disprove the case. And it's not like the defendant can recover from a frivolous lawsuit. Everyone says it's a bubble and yet seven years later, since 2008, I can only think of three major VC implosions off the top of my head: fab.com, zynga, and groupon. Fab was a train-wreck that anyone with a pulse could have seen coming. Zynga... way too dependent on Facebook and a fad. Groupon is the better of the three, only seeing its valuation fall from $30 billion to just $4 billion - but still well over $1 billion. These valuations, as lofty as they seem, ain't goin' lower. People keep saying we're in a bubble and yet seven years later, since 2008, I can only think of three major VC implosions off the top of my head: fab.com, zynga, and groupon. Fab was a train-wreck that anyone with a pulse could have seen coming. Zynga... way too dependent on Facebook and a fad. Groupon is the better of the three, only seeing its valuation fall from $30 billion to just $4 billion - but still well over $1 billion. These valuations, as lofty as they seem, are not falling. It's kinda weird, but not surprising considering how much wealth is circulating in the silicon valley. Then you look at twitter and it held up very well after its IPO despite its very high valuation. The problem with using the past to predict the future is that there are often subtleties that can produce wildly diverging outcomes. These app & web 2.0 companies seem to be doing something right to avoid the valuation chopping block that afflicted so many of the earlier internet startups. web 2.0 companies retain value better than a CD lol One reason why app companies, as opposed to sites that that sell physical stuff, are doing so well is that they have better profit margins and can use network effects for added growth. It's license to print money..these card offers pay enormous commissions because they will make even more money from the applicants Profitably has never been the most pressing concern for these growth companies. Amazon went 20 years before turning a consistent profit, so it's not like there is a well-defined upper-limit where profitability is mandatory. Amazon made a trade-off choosing revenue over profitability, and that's what investors want. Investors care less about actual profits than the ability to prove profits can be generated. Once it's demonstrated/proven that profits can be attained, investors become extremely patient. As long as potential profits keep rising, the enterprise value will rise, and investors will be happy. This is not the Warren Buffett approach, obviously, but that doesn't make it necessarily wrong or invalid. It's consistent within the theory of rational expectations. It's more like 10 years if you include Facebook - that's an entire business cycle, or about the same duration as the 1990-2000 internet boom. But in siding with Andreessen and others, I think this one has further to run. But I am pessimistic about the hardware unicorns (fitbit, skullcandy, jawbone) as opposed to the app/website ones, so It's not like I am emphatically bullish about everything. http://greyenlightenment.com/billion-dollar-startup-club-pic... Look at companies like Uber, Whats-app, Dropbox, Snapchat, Instagram...these aren't flashes in the pan, but are ecosystems harnessing hundreds of millions of people. These companies are creating entire infrastructures and industries. Facebook, Twitter and Instagram pretty created the entire mobile advertising market. Uber is revolutionizing transportation. that is the least of the article's problem. The whole premise is flawed. I don't mean to sound too dismissive, but this article is bunkum. SO I guess by the author's logic, Michael Bloomberg's net worth is zero because Bloomberg LP never went public? The private market is illiquid, but fundamentals will always trump liquidity. If you own equity, that equity - assuming there is no dilution or deterioration in the fundamentals of the underlying business - is wealth. Employee stock options are a different matter, but deep in the money options are essentially as good as partial ownership. it may be harder to assess valuation in a private market, but it's done nonetheless. exactly..fundamentals will always trump liquidity The joke is on anyone who invested in this company, thinking it would be even 1/100 a successful as Facebook. Remember bebo?