How so? the inspector in the nightlies is vastly improved over the dev preview, but if there's anything missing you should file a feature request at http://bugs.webkit.org It's improved, the entire look has not been redone -- obviously there's no point in throwing out the good bits :D The actual issue is parallelising it appropriately -- realistically the best you can do (with this approach) is hoist computation into a worker (which i'm working on) and you get hit by data transfer costs at that point as workers do not allow any form of data sharing between threads. I'm not sure if there is any way to feasibly improve threading of computation in a non-shared-state threading model. this sounds just like weak references to me CSS and html both support rgb(), rgba(), hsl(), and hsla() colors in addition to hex... This seems to basically be bitching about 'finally' (which is a perfectly legitimate thing to bitch about) -- but finally isn't java specific it also exists in JavaScript, C#, Delphi, and quite a few others (strangely however not C++, who'd have thunk it :D ) Yeah, I was somewhat puzzled about that title as it's clearly wrong. A reasonable number of these "wtf"s are just more examples of people failing to understand floating point. sigh One question i have regarding these is how fair are the tests, a very quick look at the tests shows for "pidigits" the lua code has the line: require"c-gmp"(g, aux) Implying that it is using the GNU Multiprecision Library for it's big integer support, whereas the JS code has: load('/home/dunham/shootout/bench/Include/javascript/biginteger.js'); Which is apparently a big integer library implemented in javascript http://www-cs-students.stanford.edu/~tjw/jsbn/ In other words, in at least one of the tests a comparison is being made between javascript and C/C++, not javascript and Lua. One of the big issues is that any JS function can technically walks its own call stack, which makes inlining very difficult, and for many of these tests the ability to inline is actually a fairly substantial advantage. The basic problem faced by a JS engine is that if it wants to be able to inline a function it has to be able to either: * Prove that it knows everything that the function may do -- in effect this means you can't inline any functions that themselves call functions, or any functions that interact with any values you can't consider constant, or identify before you enter the inlined code; or * Have the ability to at any point in time reconstruct the call stack, and all arguments correctly. One of these choices is exceedingly limiting in what you can do, and the other is vastly complex. I have looked at a few of the other tests and nothing obviously pops out as being bogus, so it's likely just this pidigits test which has an unfair advantage If you're claiming that your interpreter is faster than someone elses you can't make your test depend on a native library for the bulk of the work. That may be a valid argument for "my language is better" but it isn't an argument for my interpreter is faster than yours. The numbers you point to make use of http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/program.php?test=pidig... Which is using GMP, so maybe that particular link needs to be updated? WebKit is used by many different applications and browsers (eg. Epiphany, Arora, Omniweb, Shiira, etc) -- by incorporating multiprocess support directly in webkit all of those applications can make use of it. WebKit isn't an end user product -- it's a library, ports are maintained by the people who want the port, there are active gtk, qt, wx, and efl ports. WebKit doesn't have a set of "supported" platforms, each port is responsible for maintaining their own backend support, and their front facing API. There's also the element of "linux" not meaning much in this context -- as I said above there are multiple port, eg. webkit/gtk, qtwebkit, webkit/wx, etc All 747s (and i presume most other commercial aircraft these days) are designed to be able to carry extra engines, as you'd otherwise need to have stockpiles of engines at all airports that your planes may land, or special aircraft used solely for transporting engines. My understanding (though this is second hand so it may be entirely wrong/misunderstood) is that switching out an engine is a relatively simple task. The articles information is very out of date, and relies on multiple issues to successfully work: * It needs an array literal (eg. []) to be constructed using the function referenced by the Array property on the global object. (This was spec ambiguity and only effects older IE and Firefox -- very old firefox, maybe only up to netscape or phoenix?) * It needs assignments in object and array literals to call setters on the prototype chain. Both of these issues were fixed by ES5 (the first may have been fixed in ES3.1) by saying that Array and Object literal notation both use the initial values of Array and Object (so you can't change the constructor used), and by saying that all assignments are "direct" so won't call setters on the prototype chain. This effectively makes JSON hijacking impossible, except of course for the large numbers of old browsers that are out there. This is also a distinct issue from JSONP hijacking, for which there isn't a solution other than to not use JSONP. The post actually appears to endorse using eval to parse JSON. Not only does that allow invalid JSON through, it disallows some valid JSON, and of course is a huge security hole. If you want to handle JSON data in JavaScript use JSON.parse -- it's the safest, fastest, and most correct path to having your data available to you. [update: edited to remove bizarre use of whole vs hole... boggles ] Too my knowledge all browsers now ship with json built in -- if you must work with older browsers (not an entirely unreasonable requirement) you should check for the JSON object first, and if it isn't present load json2.js. Otherwise you're just adding an additional load penalty to your site (and on mobile browsers that can be 100s of milliseconds) The moment you use eval to parse "JSON" data you _are_ trusting content from the client. eval _executes_ javascript, JSON just happens to be mostly compatible with JS object and array literal syntax so it "Just Works". Because eval is executing the data it is using the full JS parser. That means that while '{"name":"bill"}' works as expected '{"name": window.location = "myevildownload.com"}' does too. JSON.parse is built into the language. It enforces strict JSON conformance so you can't end up accidentally having invalid content that won't be parsed by other JSON libraries, and it does not execute data -- it creates the object graph and nothing else. If there's anything that is not valid JSON it fails and has no side effects. When constructing the object graph it uses the real Object and Array constructors, so nothing can be injected that way. When setting properties on objects it sets them directly and does not call setters. If you use JSON.parse to parse your JSON data, it is not possible for an attacker to either run or inject code in your site. And it's faster than eval. Yes, because people don't want to be tracked. If you want to know approximately how many users you have you don't need cookies. Cookies are only useful if you want to track what the user does. Surprisingly users don't want you stalking them on the web anymore than they would want you stalking them in real life. This isn't surprising, people don't want to be stalked online anymore than they want to be stalked in the real world. If sites are worried about having to bring up a big dialog saying "please let us track you and everything that you do" hurting their site traffic perhaps they should just give up on tracking users. If 90% say no to a dialog there probably isn't much point in asking, and asking probably turns people away from your site. The only reason that this kind of stalking didn't turn people away in the past is because it was hidden from them. Your server side validation would have to be a full JSON parser. So in order to use eval, you're adding a full server side parse of the data on each request, increasing server load, and request latency (i've seen sites sending megs of json to the browser). All so that you can save 6 characters of typing to load the JSON less efficiently on the client side. Of course because people _do_ do this most engines these days preflight calls to eval to see if they can be parsed as a subset of pseude-JSON. Note: this doesn't make it safe, any inject xss is not valid json so will still be a hole, and these preparsers try to bail out quickly so treat only a minimal subset of JSON. In JavaScriptCore (so all webkit browsers other than chrome) you can't have escaped characters in string literals nor any non-ascii characters anywhere. JSONP has numerous problems, first it's not JSON -- the object literal is created by executing JS, so you're back to square one with validating your input, the second and more significant problem is that if you ever use JSONP to transmit private data then you've essentially lost the cross origin protection of data present in the browser. Now all an attacker needs to do is get one of your users with an active session to load a page that does and they can gather that data. Can anyone explain how this differs from the MIMO radios what have been around for years? I just set Siri to use australian english rather than US english and it had no difficulty understanding me. (I'm an NZer living stateside so I can't really comment on any other issues) Using tags in the high bits is exactly what caused all those problems for software written in the 80s and early 90s. The assumption that your software will have been updated before anyone has such "ludicrous" amounts of memory is not safe. Low bits seem to be generally safe as a) you can easily control pointer alignment in your own code, and b) most system's alignment requirements are increasing not decreasing. Some architectures can't even access unaligned pointers. Even excluding large ram increases, presumably the current (effective) 48bit address space limitation on x86_64 is likely to go away, and then ASLR is going to make it hard to guarantee that your high bits are clear. Hurrah! Good to see it being reused :D Do it!!! I've always intended to extend the simulator to support obstacles and directional inputs but never got round to it. We need more things like this in JS :D And then there's my actual simulator -- who needs comments? :D facepalm If you actually look at the commit logs for javascriptcore you see all development goes on in public, all patches follow the webkit review rules (you can't do an unreviewed code dump, and large code dumps aren't pleasant when you need reviews). JSC is developed in the open, everyone can see the work we're doing, and the progress we're making, as we're making it. If you had actually followed the link you would have seen a change log pointing to a bug on bugs.webkit.org that shows the huge amount of (public) work that preceded actually landing this https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=75812 . Additionally there was substantial refactoring in multiple commits leading up to the final landing of LLInt in order to reduce the patch size as much as possible. The reason the LLInt landed as a "code dump" is because that is the minimal size possible - you can't land part of an execution engine, as by definition part of an engine is not sufficient to pass tests. As it is, this is only 32 bit for the simple reason that 32-bit x86 is the easiest way to stress register allocation, our value encoding requires two 32bit registers per value and 32bit x86 has very few registers. TLDR; You can't really do massive codedumps in the webkit repository, the commit rules make it very hard. Alas some patches are intrinsically large though as a partial patch won't be sufficient to pass tests, but even then we don't like them. There are various tool scripts in WebKit written in a collection of basically every common script languages - perl, python, ruby, shell(!!!) are the ones i can think of off the top of my head. The "old" baseline jit (the middle tier) is a simple "method" hit in the same vein as V8, it executes directly and accumulates runtime type info -- the still takes longer to generate and uses more memory than the interpreter. A lot of short run programs take less time to run than to do codegen for (JSONP for instance can do really unpleasant things to codegen time) Tricky question: We try to keep all patches small, as the larger a patch is the longer it will take to get reviewed, and the longer the review takes, and the more update-review-update-review... cycles are required. There are some things (like this patch) where the core change (in this case a new execution engine) can't be landed in pieces (either you have a complete working execution engine that will pass all tests, and won't regress performance, or you don't). But even in these cases we try to reduce the size and complexity of the core patch. If you look at the recent commits to JSC you'll see a bunch of refactoring landing prior to LLInt that got the non-LLInt specific code into the tree in advance of LLInt itself. As it is the initial commit only has support for our 32bit encoding, and doesn't support all the backends that the JSC JIT supports. The basic reason for this is that the static assembler does need to do some register allocation and the easy way to ensure that it's correct is to through it at 32 bit x86. Our value representation requires 2 registers on 32 bit platforms, and x86-32 has very few GPRs we can use, so it acts as an excellent stress test vs. any other supported platform. um, read it more carefully. It's saying women are a perk, then clarifies by saying that the women in question will be the ones serving drinks. Paraphrased: Perks: * women: they're there to serve drinks. The problem is not the "(female)" bit, it was the fact that the existence of women is reported as a "perk". Because after all, women are just objects that exist to serve drinks to men. Yeah, my first reading was "we'll help you avoid the skeevy dudes who think you should sleep with them in exchange for beer" rather than "we're skeevy dudes who think you exist solely to get us beer" The problem with organ donation is that insurance companies consider missing organs to be a pre-existing condition, and will reject you because of it. Go private health care! I have a very good friend who has been unable to get insurance since donating one of their kidneys. I don't see why/where the code generator is involved here. The posted "exploit" doesn't appear to work at all, implying that either it's not complete (so discussing how it works is kind of pointless) or just bogus. There's nothing that I see that makes it obvious that it's attacking the JIT logic specifically. It's most reminiscent of the fairly old heap spray techniques which require an additional exploit anyway. For instance the function for testing existence of the bogus microcode is: function test(result) { // giant comment explaining the asm used to test for the vulnerability unescape('%u31C9%u5589%uE55D%u2EF8%uC390%u9090'); return 0; } Presumably the call to unescape is intended to convert the encoded shellcode into somthing useful. But there does not appear to be anything done to actually execute the shellcode. The historical way of doing this (blocked by DEP) is to fill the heap with copies of the string, and then use another exploit to jump into the heap at somewhere likely to contain your code. There are ways to bypass DEP, but this doesn't appear to try even that. Honestly it looks like someone has simply taken the assembly used to the exploit, put it in a string (using numeric character escapes), and then done nothing else. That it is referring to launching threads makes me wonder if this isn't just someone converting a pre-existing C program into something that at least parses as JS. No. The interpreter doesn't generate that. They have taken the assembly, placed it in a string, and then done nothing more. There is no obvious attempt to actually get the JS engine to do anything out of the ordinary. The string '%u31C9%u5589%uE55D%u2EF8%uC390%u9090' is simply the unicode escaped version of the assembly above. The goal of this exploit would be to get the interpreter to set PC to the address of that string. There is no obvious attempt to do that. Just compare the decoded opcodes in the DISASM comment to the contents of the string. PDF warning for everyone else as well. :D Assuming -dbg implies versions of the frameworks with at least symbols, if not full debug information (file, line, type info, etc). Even something trivial like #include int main(int argc, char argv) { printf("Hello world\n"); return 0; } Is around 4-5% larger with debug info, and that's a single trivial C program with a single call, and only build in types. WebKit is largely C++, so a fairly trivial C++ program (that has no function): template struct MyFoo { T m_field; template void add(MyFoo rhs) { m_field += rhs.m_field; } }; int main(int argc, char argv) { MyFoo f; f.m_field = 1.5; MyFoo i; i.m_field = 1; MyFoo d; d.m_field = 0; d.add(i); d.add(f); } Has a 10% size difference in size between deployment style builds and builds with debug info. As the code size increases that amount of information needed in debug builds starts getting very large, as the description of classes and functions starts getting even larger than pure C versions. The size of a debug build can vary quite a lot, as there are different forms of debug info, most commonly stabs or DWARF (and DWARF2). But even these are fairly bad in terms of space efficiency (stabs is evil), mostly as there isn't any real reason for focusing on that - fairly "trivial" space optimizations aren't implemented at all which means there are huge amounts of duplicated information, and the debug formats aren't really C++ aware, so each instantiation of a template results in a complete duplication of all the data describing it. It would be nice if these problems could be fixed (eg. debug info that's aware of templates is the biggest problem in webkit), but other places where information is duplicated needlessly is also fairly crappy. But there's stuff pushing back against such optimizations: Debug symbols are primarily used in _debug_ builds, while debugging. When you're debugging you want the build to be as fast as possible, and any work the compiler+linker do to reduce debug data size is going to add to compilation time, which everyone will then complain about. (Of course without SSDs we'd have probably reached the point we're writing such large amounts of data out would be taking longer than reducing the size and writing less data in the first place...) I'm not sure what this is saying. If it's talking about things the browser can be made to do my response is "so? that's intentional". If it's about things that can happen if you embed user (read: attacker) provided content in your page then you have already lost. There's never a time that you can safely embed content from an untrusted source in your page - no blacklist or whitelist based approach to content is going to be safe. The correct approach to user provided content is to parse the content, drop anything you don't understand or recognize exactly. Then escape all of the left over content, and reconstruct at the end. You could use markdown to do this for you, or you could do it manually if you want you own rules (and/or <>-like syntax). Filtering content is just not sound and every time I see something that seems to imply that it is, it makes me cry. (A example of this taken to its extreme is WebGL shader parsing. A correct + "safe" implementation of WebGL must at the very least: 1. parse the shader itself, dropping all comments, etc 2. perform strict semantic analysis on the result of (especially as many GL drivers don't) 3. take the result of and turn that back into text 4. throw the result of at the gl engine This is necessary to ensure that not only is the shader correct (in the terms of webgl), but also to ensure that no parsing oddities can get through (e.g. something seen as a comment terminator in the driver but not the validator - bugs like this have happened with multiple validators in multiple contexts over the last few decades) It's not really a fair comparison as the dart versions are more-or-less completely statically typed. If they wanted this to be fair they'd be using untyped (typing is "optional" in dart). If you're allowed to modify the code in substantial and performance altering ways for one language, you should be allowed to for the other as well (the JS versions of both those benchmarks have substantial perf problems). This is especially egregious given that the DeltaBlue tests is ported from untyped smalltalk, so the JS version is actually closer to the original. Anyone want to test a webkit nightly? I don't have a desktop machine handy tight now to test on :( Or even just a bug report at bugs.webkit.org Thanks :) That was my thought - i couldn't see why this would make things better (you don't remove trolls, but people who we don't want to consider trolls would now run the risk of simply being outspent and then bankrupted -> which could "hilariously" result in them selling the IP to an actual troll...). I think the fix would be to stop allowing overly broad patents (eg. actually say how what you're doing what you're claiming, instead of saying "i have an idea" and not saying how to do it) I suspect every non white male tech worker in the US has experienced this at some point Wow, that's both scary (more than _50%_ of guys reported that rape was okay in some cases), and depressing (double digit % of women have been conditioned into thinking it's acceptable). Seriously wtf is wrong with people :-/ The behavior of [] is from C -- it's not a bizarro C++ feature. The "redefining keywords" is the pre-processor. That's what it does. There isn't anything magic here. Strictly speaking it can be run entirely ahead of the C/C++ compiler, on any file you want. There's no requirement that it is C/C++ - you could use it on a python script (as long as you weren't using # comments anywhere :D ) The primary effect of the inline keyword is to tell the compiler that a function is not to be exported from the current object. e.g. foo.h: int bar(int i) { return i; /* awesome function! */ foo.cpp: #include "foo.h" … bar(5) … At this point everything is fine, but lets say there's also: wiffle.cpp: #include "foo.h" … bar(6) … now both foo.o and bar.o will contain a function named bar - because they picked up the definition in foo.h and c/c++ don't (technically) see any difference between a function that has been written inline, or a function that was included from a header. By slapping the inline keyword on the function bar, the link flags for the function change so that the bar won't be exported from any object file that includes it, and so the name collision will no longer occur at link time. There are a bunch of other benefits, mostly along the lines of "there function doesn't need to be exported therefore if it's not used i don't need to include it in the object"