I'm the author. When I add new content, I'll make a note of it on my blog here: journal.stuffwithstuff.com. You can watch the RSS feed for that to see when new stuff is up. I'm talking to a publisher right now, so it might be a little while before the next chapter is done, but hopefully I can get things squared away soon and get back to cranking out text. My book aims to cover sort of the code-between-the-features. It won't teach you too much about AI, physics, etc. (there are plenty of other books for that), but I hope it will help you get those systems to hang together gracefully. > the language implementation is incredibly easy to read and understand. Thanks! After wading through an SML compiler whose author apparently thought single-letter variables and no documentation was perfectly fine in a language that doesn't even have fucking type annotations, I figured the least I could do to advance the state of the art was make the code legible. This is from hazy memory, but I stated that because I think GCC, Clang, MS's C# compiler, and javac all use hand-rolled parsers. Go is supposed to be minimalist. Every language is designed according to that rule. No language designer thinks, "Let me just slap some extra unneeded stuff in there." They just differ on what they consider necessary. In Go's case, I think many of the things they've omitted from the language are actually useful features and they've just pushed the complexity onto the users. For example, no exceptions just ends up meaning "if err != nil { return nil; }" everywhere. I do think D is probably closer to where my heart is. I think my ideal low-level language is a bit like C + some of ML's type system. I think it may be possible to get that without being as heavyweight as D, but I'm not sure. I agree completely. I had a note to discuss that (and globals, eww!) but I cut it because honestly that post was too long already. Yeah, at the time, I found his explanation uncompelling: which means you should have the choice to do efficient things, if you know what you're doing. That directly clashes with other design choices in Go. For example, taking the address of a variable on the stack implicitly puts it on the heap (at performance cost) to protect you from accidentally using the pointer after that function returns. If you're worried about it and you really care: don't pass a pointer, pass a value. ...and pay the performance penalty of doing not just a copy, but a deep copy, simply because the language doesn't have const. Constructors are easy to write in GO: Maybe I didn't clarify it enough, but I tried to explain my problem with initialization functions in the "Future-proofing" section: "If you later need more complex initialization, you’ll have to replace every new(Foo) call with NewFoo()." An exception-like mechanism has been proposed: Yes, and implemented and put in the language and referenced in the post. I'm not crazy about panic and defer for reasons spelled out a bit here: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/du9zu/the_langu... Circular data structures where you need to simultaneously initialize two values to each other are the common case where this is problematic. To me, that's a fairly rare edge case and you can easily handle it using mutable variables and option or maybe types. From skimming wikipedia and the code, it looks like a trellis is more or less a VList where each array in the VList is represented by a complete binary tree of an appropriate depth. That gives you the VList's O(1) average performance to find the right tree, but then you have to do an O(log n) walk down the tree to the desired element. Am I interpreting that right? > Another fairly interesting paper titled "Evaluating the dynamic behaviour of Python applications", shows that programs in dynamic languages with these runtime modification behaviours often stop modifying their behaviour after a certain amount of "load time". I find that deeply reassuring, since that's the core idea behind Magpie, the language I'm working on. It's a dynamic language with a static type-checker. The idea is that it runs dynamically at load time so you can imperatively and dynamically build your types and then after that, it statically checks the results, then invokes main() and (presumably) runs in a more or less static fashion after that. Type inference is nice and goes a long way, but it's still fundamentally different from being able to modify types imperatively at load time. For example, in Ruby, it's trivial to swap out a method with a version that does some logging, but only on Tuesdays. Scala can't really do that because it presumes all types are locked down before any code (such as code to tell if today is Tuesday) has executed. I don't think you have that right. I read it as that kind of behavior modification isn't done that often after load time . During load time, all sorts of shenanigans are going on (monkey patching, etc.) > I want metaprogramming on top of everything and its brother, not Ruby syntax. Depending on what you mean by metaprogramming, my goals for Magpie may fit what you're looking for. Its syntax is a bit like Ruby, and it features the dynamicism and open classes you get from Ruby. But, beyond that, I'm planning to add full Lisp-style quasi-quoting metaprogramming, as well as an in-language-extensible parser. > When you encounter a token that is the same token as a keyword, you need to use context to determine if it is actually a keyword or part of an identifier. You're presuming here that a space delimits tokens. In this language, that may not be the case. The lexer may create a single token from "a b c". I used to find it unnatural too. Recently, I changed my working habits so that I keep a running todo list of things I'm working on. When I complete a task, the todo becomes the commit message, and I leave it in present tense. Other reasons to prefer it: * It's generally shorter than the alternatives: "Implement" versus "Will implement", "implements", or "implemented". * I think it's actually more accurate to say that commit messages should be in the imperative mood, not the present tense. The message is basically telling some unspecified agent to do something "Fix this bug." That lines up with the imperative form we use to write a lot of code. > What if you've got a few dozen local variables? In that case, I would consider that I have a larger problem than merely one of documentation. > However, I find this rather harsh aversion to paying a few bucks for peer-reviewed, scientific content curious. I already paid for it. A fraction of my taxes go to funding educational organizations so that they can produce these papers. Even then, if the $15 actually went back to the author, I'd be OK with double-dipping, but it doesn't. Const != immutable. Const in C++ gives you a read-only view into an object. You can accomplish the same goal with more fine-grained control by using interfaces in C# (or Java, which also lacks const). Instead of returning a const reference to your object, you return your object cast to an interface that doesn't have any mutating methods. > What's an example of "more fine grained control"? Sure, consider this: http://pastebin.com/H3c83X1K Here we can give a client a write-only interface to the Mailbox, or one of two readonly (i.e. "const") interfaces that each have access to a subset of Mailbox's "const" methods. > "Given an infinitely long linked list which you can only traverse once select a random item with O(1) storage." If the goal of the question is to select a random item where all items have the same probability of being selected, it's impossible. If you're willing to ditch even distribution, then one answer is: value pickRandomItem(node* list) { /* Always return first item. */ return list.value; } Or maybe I'm missing something here? What programming language is that not the case for? > I mean, what happens if you delete 3 things, and realize that you want to undo the 1st one? Just drag the first one out of the trash and leave the other two there. > What happens if the action you take, changes the state of the user's data in a way that is unrecoverable? Store the previous state. Best use of nesting instinct ever. It's important to keep in mind that "knowing Photoshop" has little to no equivalence with "knowing how to design" anymore than "I know vi" means "I can program". Both are equally valid skills, but learning the former won't automatically address the latter too. > So many people create pet programming languages and add them to Wikipedia that the PL lists and categories are essentially useless. Surely a simpler solution to that is to make a list that you feel describes the languages you consider important. Maybe "List of programming languages notable in academia" (which would include things like FeatherweightJava but probably not regular Java). People who want to find languages that meet that criteria can find them all in one place. Meanwhile, people like me who are interested in new languages, or languages that experiment with syntax but don't push the academic envelope, don't have that knowledge outright taken away from them by you. Is there a reason you didn't just handcode a recursive descent parser? It's more than just date movies. High school kids have lots of disposable income, few bills, plenty of time to kill, can't get into bars, and don't need get hire a babysitter. College kids have lots of other things to spend their money on, like booze and, uh, booze. Once you're past that age, the odds of having kids goes up and then going to a movie becomes a major outing. For my wife and I to see a movie in the theatre now, we'll have to shell out close to $80. It's just not worth it, especially as home theatres keep getting better and better. One thing I've learned is how much surface quality of presentation matters. As much as we might pretend to be perfectly logical rational beings, psychology, aesthetics, and emotion are always part of our decision-making process. So when I present something, I try to have great material, but I also try to make it visually appealing, clearly-written, friendly, and warm. Makes a huge difference. > let go an embrace the prototypal object model JavaScript itself doesn't embrace a prototypal model. When was the last time you cloned an object to create a new one in JS? JavaScript's model is much closer to classes than prototypes. The only real significant difference is that unlike class systems, JavaScript allows inheriting both "methods" and "state" from its "class". Otherwise, the language works more or less like a class-based one. I started toying with CoffeeScript a while back for my own entertainment and found the administrative overhead was much less than I anticipated. I went from a clean slate to being up and running in like five minutes. Once I had node and CoffeeScript installed, it was just a single command-line to start a watch on my .coffee file and then I was back to "refresh browser window to see my changes" mode just like regular JS. Performance. If you have n objects with m methods, that creates n * m function objects. With "normal" prototypal inheritance where those methods are on the prototype, it only requires n objects + m functions. That post is excellent! Somehow I didn't find that when I was looking to learn more about TDOP. The only change I made from yours and Pratt's is that I split out the nud and led parsers completely. It seemed weird to me to lump them together just because they share a token when they aren't semantically related. For example, the "(" token handles grouping in prefix position and function calls in infix, and those don't have anything to do with each other, so I split out PrefixParselets and InfixParselets into entirely separate dictionaries. ML type annotations use that syntax, so it's probably the grandaddy of them all. It's easier to parse if your type syntax uses juxtaposition. "Some int" is a valid type, so it would make " " harder to parse. It's hard to tell when the type ends and the variable name starts without backtracking. > Why are Google so popular anyway? I've been a Googler for a little less than a year and so far I absolutely love it. Compensation is good, the perks are fantastic, the caliber of people I work with is stellar, the work is challenging and interesting, and the culture and processes are the best I've seen. > A long process of interviews like the ones I have heard about hints at more pain and no autonomy once you actually join. I believe it's the opposite. You have to run the gauntlet to get in because once you do, you won't be closely monitored and you'll be given a lot of autonomy. The hiring process is stringent to try to reduce the number of internal gates you need once you get in. Yes, I would. I'm mostly self taught. The biggest gap I find is that I pronounce stuff wrong since I learned it from a book. It's embarrassing. The problem is that you often need to decorate a generic parameter with additional information (like its type constraints or variance). If the type parameter doesn't have a singular place where it's "declared", there's no convenience place to do that. In your example, how would you specify that T must implement Summable? This fork of CoffeeScript does: https://github.com/jstrachan/coffee-script/blob/master/TypeA... . I for one would also love it if this got rolled into mainline. I use Closure at work, and I'd love to be using CoffeeScript with it. It's interesting that you lump .NET in with Java. C# has more in common with Scala in terms of flexibility and expressiveness than it does with Java these days. C# 1.0 was a Java clone, sure, but the language has moved faster than pretty much any language out there since then. > Since Spine doesn't use constructor functions, due to limitations with prototypal inheritance, classes are instantiated with inst(). Can someone explain this to me? I've been using prototypal inheritance through Closure's goog.inherits() and never had any problem using regular object constructors. The scene in Office Space where Peter is talking to the two Bobs, while presented as comedy, is a perfect example of how this actually works. As soon as he acts like he isn't subordinate to them, they begin to feel that he's "management material". It's not arbitrary touching. When he's asking her about something she's unsure of, he consistently touches her left shoulder. When he talks to her about something sure, he touches her right . Then he uses those same touches when he wants to make her unsure or a color, or feel sure that a color is the wrong one he says it is. I don't know to what degree that actually works, but it's pretty interesting. > Applying it to Javascript, think of bound functions (ones which are methods on instantiated objects) implicitly having a 'let this = instance' statement prepended to their bodies. Except that Javascript under normal circumstances doesn't have bound functions. A method (a function property on some object) is unbound unless you go out of your way to bind it. So it only conceptually has that "let this = ..." prepended to it within the duration of an invocation that's using property access to get the function . In other words, JS doesn't include "this" in a function's closure, which is where a lot of the confusion comes from. It allows you to inherit functions from a prototype and still have them execute against the current receiver. Consider: var base = { greet: function() { log('my name is ' + this.name); }, name: 'base' } var derived { __proto__: base, name: 'derived' } derived.greet(); If the greet function was bound at creation time to base, then the last line would print "my name is base" instead of the desired "my name is derived". It's important to remember that + is a little different from a C union in that it's automatically tagged, which C unions are not. If you have int+int in a functional language, you always know which arm was chosen. If you have a union of two ints in C you have to add a third boolean field yourself to keep track of which one is active. "+" isn't set union. If it was, int+int would just be int. The extra tag distinguishes it. Raw unions in C are like set union though. If you're an introvert, why do you have a job that involves dealing with people all day to begin with? It sounds to me like it isn't lunch that's the problem, it's the hours before and after it. E was created by Mark Miller and Dan Bornstein. Both are Googlers now. Dan is known as the main creator of the Dalvik VM. Mark is still following the path set by E but in the context of Javascript. He's working on both Caja, an ocaps secure subset of JS and on JS Harmony itself. * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E_%28programming_language%29 * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caja_%28programming_language%29