FWIW, I'm not dyslexic and still had to read this a couple times before I saw something other than "FartMusic". Also, "frat" is not a positive word in most people's minds. Two good reasons for changing the name before you do anything else. Newbie here. Is there any way to vote down content-free posts? You know that Cuil's dead, right? Only if you stop using fully-justified text first. I tried this. Overnight my feed became unrecognizable — full of posts by bots and (subjectively, of course) awful people. There was no detectable rhyme or reason to the user selection, and the service doesn't appear to employ even basic heuristics to weed out obvious spam. On the bright side, I was able to report more abusive Twitter accounts than I normally do in a month. Such a fine line between refreshing and pointless. Your comment reminds me of the line from Meet the Feebles: "No. That's lousy." I'm not the creator, but perhaps you could offer 1 (or 2!) actionable critiques? For example, you mentioned the navigation path. Where did you get stuck? "And even so, testing just two different designs is rolling the dice rather than exploring feature/design space in search of a new optimum." A/B testing doesn't force you to innovate through radical design changes — you can use it just as easily for incremental improvements. I get it, it's hilarious because some trash cans are cylindrical too. Well done! That's far funnier than noting that it's cylindrical for practical reasons. Not sure if serious? The author believes that brains can't comprehend an unfilled shape as a shape, and instead must effectively parse it from individual lines every time. Is it possible his brain is the problem? That is, is there some subset of people who actually do find it difficult to see unfilled images as shapes? I'm not a fan of "me too"s, but I've been a DreamHost customer since 2001 and use them for smaller sites and may try VPS and/or dedicated with them in the future. I recall one rough patch with them in 2006 ( http://www.dreamhost.com/dreamscape/2006/08/01/anatomy-of-an... ), but I felt like they did a pretty good job of keeping customers informed and so I stuck with them. This is invaluable to hear, thank you! Was this with 1.x or 2.x (which is said to include "performance improvements throughout")? Anybody with 2.x vs. 1.x performance differences to share? This is neat! It also seems worth noting Yahoo's excellent Pure ( http://purecss.io/ ) here, too. It's a tiny bit larger with a few more features, but modular and fairly straightforward to extend. If the creators are watching, I think it'd be interesting to benchmark against the current Respect/Rest. A link that will let you actually read the story: https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&c... Really? I didn't personally find that the extremely simple graphics enhanced my understanding of the short and shallow paragraphs of text. It almost felt like just-pre-Idiocracy media spoon-feeding. Wow, I've never seen this kind of Google search before. I wasn't able to find documentation for it — would someone be kind enough to post a link? Better: Allow undo/history even if it's unserious. I feel like you wouldn't be too pleased if a super-biased Amazon employee posted a similarly anecdata-filled post about Linode. Is it really a smart idea to bad-mouth AWS in a post that really doesn't intersect with what Linode provides in any substantive way? Amazon's desktop app supports batch uploads and downloads, but not sync to/from Amazon Cloud Drive. However, there are 3rd-party options for this: • Arq: https://www.arqbackup.com/ • odrive: https://www.odrive.com/amazon • Synology Cloud Sync: http://www.macdrifter.com/2015/06/synology-cloud-sync-adds-a... We should be embarrassed that they're necessary for some groups to feel safe. As we see in this thread, whether CoC "mean something" or "are needed" aren't absolutes — clearly they are to some, and aren't to others. The key for me is that they're not important to people who don't need them to feel safe, and vice-versa. This is a really great idea. In addition to using existing images, would it be possible to create interesting patterns and textures procedurally using canvas.toDataURL()? > …but probably not paying the mechanical license rates to the authors. Just like Conte's Pomplamoose. Pomplamoose pays mechanical licenses for their covers. "The duo buys mechanical licenses for all of its covers online, which is a quick and easy process." — http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=1257832... Not only that, but they've helped lots of other musicians learn about licensing (via Twitter, on podcasts, etc.), and how to do the right thing. This is a very nice looking CSS stylesheet. Can someone explain what makes this a "framework"? (I did look through the docs, but didn't see the kind of modular or "designed to be built on" philosophy expressed in frameworks like Pure CSS.) The thoughtful use of white space (a.k.a. negative space) can improve readability/scannability, and to guide users by helping to create a visual relationship between various UI elements. Cosmetically, generous negative space can help create a feeling of sophistication and elegance. I suspect that this kind of use is more offensive to practical people who have little use for how something "feels". And of course sometimes it's overdone by designers, especially in cases of concepts serving as shiny, happy portfolio fodder instead of serving real users and business goals. My process: Right-click + "Open Link in Incognito Window". I see ads, but at least I don't get "behavior farmed". (Hrmmm, your note prompted me to find a Chrome plug-in that can do this for me automagically: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/incognito-filter/c... ) That's a really interesting thought, because everything also seems simple when you don't properly understand the problem. ("Let Apple open the damn back door, let the FBI know what's on the phone, then close it again. This isn't difficult." — Piers Morgan) Adults generally prefer richer interactions. Any in-depth references that support this? (Strikes me as curious, as I watch my 6-year-old playing a fairly elaborate Minecraft map…) Do these theater chains not realize that another company has been doing this for several years? http://www.primacinema.com/ A strangely-biased article, starting with the headline. But setting aside the concerns of the companies opposing this for obvious reasons, this is a really great idea. Consumers in poorer countries get the opportunity to buy used, high-end devices supported by the manufacturer, and those devices get another consumer cycle's worth of reuse before they get recycled. Plus Apple can now reach a large new segment of customers without compromising product quality or new-product margins. > If you have any examples of breakage, let us know. I believe it's breaking podcast feeds being served with WordPress.com, because iTunes doesn't support Let's Encrypt certificates. https://www.dominicrodger.com/2016/02/29/lets-encrypt-itunes... This may not affect a lot of customers (since WordPress.com doesn't support PowerPress for feed generation), but I know some podcasters create feeds by hand or with other apps. This issue will cause at least some podcasts to disappear from iTunes without warning unless you can coordinate with Apple to fix it. > Do you have an example? Just the confirmation from Apple's podcaster support team that iTunes doesn't support sites which use Let's Encrypt. (I don't use WordPress.com myself.) I've just posted a request for examples in popular podcasting groups, and I'll let you know when/if I get responses. > We have already implemented workarounds for iTunes. Can you elaborate just a smidge? Is WordPress.com, for example, not encrypting content when it's requested by iTunes? (Thanks!) Dear Cloudcraft Pro developer: This is the most exciting thing I've seen today. I've been wanting a tool like this since I started using AWS. However, the "Pro Solo" pricing strikes me as being way out of whack. It's as much as the "all apps" Adobe Creative Cloud plan. It's a 6X multiple of licensing all Office apps for a year, and just under the cost of licensing all JetBrains products for a year. Please provide a reasonable (say, $99), yearly "Solo Designer" plan for "infinite grid" planning and illustration, so that I may happily give you my money instead of using a free version with mysterious canvas size limitations. > But it's fine if you don't. But many of us would like to, though. Obviously you wouldn't want to take $9/month from people who would gladly give you $49. But on the other hand, active customers paying $9/month seem infinitely more valuable than free customers. This is a nice puff piece for Clique Media Group about their brilliant strategy not to invest in the open web. I heard about it on the open web, read an article about on the open web (via a link on the open web), and wouldn't have heard about in the first place if not for the open web. > "While analytics on many of these platforms aren't as easy to come by as with a traditional website, it's often the promise of engagement that currently makes it worthwhile for a brand." So we're back to days of, "Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is, I don't know which half"? How is this better? Is it reasonable to think of it like this: RNA is procedural, and DNA is declarative? RNA : PostScript :: DNA : PDF? I was just able to download it (for macOS) from the front page. https://nodejs.org/en/ > It's 4 times more expensive than their hackable Dash buttons ($20 vs $5)… That's interesting. A new product like this (no matter how seemingly small) takes some work, so to me this suggests that people hacking the "subsidized" buttons were a bigger use case then they'd planned for. About 1 in 4 adults experience some level of mental illness in a given year. > "I started having thoughts like, 'Let me take over you,' combined with confusion and tons of terror," says David, a polite, articulate 27-year-old who arrived at Britton’s Cheetah House in 2013. "I had a vision of death with a scythe and a hood, and the thought 'Kill yourself' over and over again." That's not an effect of meditation, that's a symptom of a mental illness. Meditation probably helped him discover it earlier than he otherwise would have. I mean, the words "mental" and "illness" don't even appear in the article. > So, yes the article did cover what you wanted them to. Not as I read it. In the article, "psychotic break" was used in the context of being caused by meditation instead of by an underlying mental illness. The second example gets closer to addressing the point I was making, but it's still just listing a possible risk for people who already have psychiatric problems. What I wanted the article to cover is the far more likely explanation: That 1 in 4 people who meditate will experience some level of mental illness in any given year — but not because of meditation. Of course, "meditation madness" is a much sexier premise. > That way, you only do the IDL-dance once and the browser then manipulates the tree in C++ with the many operations you fed it. As a beginning web developer, I remember being surprised that there was no way for me to group DOM manipulations into SQL-like transactions, or even an equivalent to HyperCard's lockScreen. I'm finding it a little tough to tell whether the author is talking about putting the browser or the web developer in control of grouping DOM updates. > you're right, but that's Steve Jobs you're talking about. Steve Jobs had many talents, but what I think people don't appreciate is that Steve worked very closely with his PR people. Most recently he'd worked closely with Katie Cotton for decades, from Apple's 90s "fat Elvis" years to its resurgence. If you've never worked closely with PR folks, it's largely a "boots on the ground" exercise. Yes, there's the "vision stuff" and the storytelling, and part of what they do is help get that messaging across in consistent and interesting ways. But much of it is long-term network and relationship building that the PR person leverages in short bursts — product launches, damage control, etc. It's an interesting and tricky job, and people who can do it well make for great allies. > Html's controls are too high level for pixel perfect manipulation, and too low level for easy assembly into rich ui. HTML+CSS isn't the only abstraction available, though. If you want a lower-level abstraction, you can use canvas. If you want a higher-level abstraction, you have your choice of composable view component systems (e.g. React). From a technical perspective, I'm a moron compared to most of the people here. Still, I was able to get my first app up and running on Elastic Beanstalk and a MySQL database up via RDS without much trouble. It's not rocket science. Given the breadth and depth of available services, I can't imagine how you can declare "AWS is inappropriate for small startups" with a straight face. Any suggestions on finding the latest, greatest versions of these fonts? For example, I found what appears to be the home page of Monsterrat ( http://montserrat.zkysky.com.ar/en ) but it directs me to Google Fonts. Similarly, I searched for "vernon adams fonts" and I don't see what looks like a canonical page for them. > …Google has never updated it, ignoring the author’s pleas. It looks like the source repo is at https://github.com/google/fonts — has he tried a pull request? If not, maybe we can help with updates until they make it friendlier for less-technical creators. Many thanks! Brick looks like a great resource, and it's great to have the latest Montserrat. > However, in the case of conspiracy, most individuals find their time wasted. I like this idea too, or at least it makes me at least a bit sympathetic to people I tend to dismiss. And I suppose, the key word is "most". Readability ( https://www.readability.com/ ) is a helpful tool for reading sites which with hard-to-read designs: http://rdd.me/sjahtctg