Finally something I know about. Feel free to ask and I will try to answer :-) On 2.: you decide who you share with. People can follow you but they won't see anything you don't share with them. Absolutely yes. But of course it depends. Making sure to stay in the drivers seat instead of selling out to a big company was the first step. Of course, if corruption is rampant everywhere this is much harder. Also setting targets and staying true to them seems to be important. Today the target is not to use anything from their oil fortune except the interest. This is something they seem to fight about every year but the majority seems to say no to the party idea every time. The nearest I come to knowing anything about this is having used a waterproof camera-on-a-cable hooked up with fishing gear. (However good friend of mine has worked on support vessels in the North Sea and had some amazing stories, complete w/pictures of big angler fish, Lophius piscatorius I think, caught with high end ROVs.) Partly agree. For now it seems to be keeping them afloat into 2050 or something provided they don't come up with something really stupid before that. After that they have the worlds 3rd largest Thorium reserve. One good thing I think is at least they are not spending it as they extract it, rather investing it globally. Or ctrl + a in some cases (unixy thing, works in linux terminals as well) A gentle pop over telling them the phone number to customer support? Next day the email address to helpdesk, next email address to executives etc Still faster than the download - wait for Acrobat/Foxit Reader - wait for marginally faster loading document cycle anyway isn't it? There are some interesting stories out on the internet (google for "419 eater" or "scam baiting".) Unlike this story they are often well documented (and in some cases, funny, like tricking the scammer into providing a c64 carved out of hardwood.) Be sure to read their guidelines before trying anything similar as scambaiting can be dangerous. Posted as a response to "Scammed". This site contains a lot of stories as well as a brief on ethics amd, -ahem, basic HSE info for people wanting to get involved. Or take the approach Netflix did: http://techblog.netflix.com/2012/07/chaos-monkey-released-in... Does anyone have pointers to anything like this, freely available, for modern shipping? (i.e. after GPS and AIS) Yep. Use that a lot as a reference. (AIS transponders send quite a lot information and also a lot of people upload photos of vessels that can be viewed at marinetraffic.com) There are also a few other projects that have overlapping data. (aprs sites, e.g. aprs.fi - more of an amateur radio thing but will still pick up lots of interesting signals) (Edit: perhaps more interesting to people around here an usb/serial ais receiver can be had for a few hundred dollars and there is a site called http://www.aishub.net/ where you can get access to the firehose provided you cover your area. Disclaimer: I never tried aishub.) I think the post is more about older ships logs. For shipping there are rules in place on who are allowed to turn of tracking and under what circumstances. Also even if "security by obscurity" etc is heavily used it doesn't mean it is a good strategy : ) While I haven't designed my own furniture I insist that it should be real honest wood (now). Which means I can just give it a polish if the kids scratch it. Or sand it if necessary. Also a lot of the furniture is bought from someone around here who had found something they liked even better. Because a kid can write a working trojan that escapes AV detection? (Two very young studends I know did, POC took less than 50 loc in AHK. That included a plausible "installer" as well as auto update feature). For anyone who hasn't read it yet the last tweet on that account is gold. I see a lot of people like me in this thread: We like Apple and Mac but certain aspects are less than ideal in our setting. For me I have found elementary os (linux based) to be a good step closer to perfect for me. ("Normal" alt-tab, menus follows windows (if they exist at all), etc.) All while being fast on less than stellar hardware and pleasing to my eyes. (For people who love Mac: Don't even try. I can almost assure you'll find some color nuance, alignment issue etc. I'm serious: You guys see stuff like this, I can't even see all the colors.) Can we kill a subset of the gear buttons, specifically the "mystery" ones, as well? Especially in Mac apps and wannabe mac apps. The copy button is quite obvious, -compared to a lot of others. As much as AGPL annoys me the pony developers seems to understand it and use it in a reasonable way. What really annoys me is 1. when people stamp a AGPL license on something (that was previously licensed under GPL or even less restrictive) and claim that it is still just GPL and everyone could still continue using their system as before. 2. when people make something brilliant and only offer it under AGPL without providing a commercial licensing option. Equally seerious question: Didn't you just answer you own question before you asked it? The application worked fine as long as long as dns worked the way it was supposed to. However robust an application is it can't handle being fed html ads instead if application spesific json. When you are finished rethinking this you can go on to think a second time about censoring your wifes Internet access. Do onto others etc.... Correct. I'm only pointing out that in this spesific case it had nothing to do with the robustness of the application. More specifically: A better application might have warned you about the failing part so that you won't have to go looking for it. Fixing the problem would still include either replacing OpenDNS or working around it. > I also don't think OpenDNS is a tool of censorship, as it is so easily circumvented. Was the first version of Great Firewall also no censorship since it was easily circumventable? > I hope my children learn how to circumvent tools of censorship and this can be their first practice. Children, yes. I didn't comment on them. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17480044/how-to-install-t... Question: How to install the current version of Go in Ubuntu? Reason for closing: This question appears to be off-topic. The users who voted to close gave this specific reason: "Questions about general computing hardware and software are off-topic for Stack Overflow unless they directly involve tools used primarily for programming. You may be able to get help on Super User." Nominated because: Go most definitely is a tool used primarily for coding, yet the question was closed for this reason by more than one person. Interesting, especially for its benefits for solar power. (One sentence sticks out though: ". The company projects it can deliver energy for utilities and other users at a cost of less than $250 per kilowatt hour." This must be a mistake?) Yep. And as much as I like the latest version of google+ sometimes it is funny: Removing the kids and their dad playing soccer so I can have a get a better view of the toolshed. ;-) (Tbh: AutoAwesome also created a "action version". I also gurss they are data mining which AutoAwesome s we keep and which ones we delete.) Seeing that you haven't got a reply in three hours here's what I found: There is mentions of using Closure which is a google JavaScript technology. I think however it is cross browser. I also was confused about the free forever part until I found they actually have a tiered pricing model. Edit: here is what they say: "Forever Free We believe privacy is a fundamental human right and should be available for everyone. That's why we offer multi-tiered pricing including a free version that anyone can use. Let's bring privacy back to the people!" There are some clues to be found on the page: "ProtonMail is developed both at CERN and MIT and is headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland. We were semifinalists in 2014 MIT 100K startup launch competition and are advised by the MIT Venture Mentoring Service." ProtonMail is developed both at CERN and MIT and is headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland. We were semifinalists in 2014 MIT 100K startup launch competition and are advised by the MIT Venture Mentoring Service. while the site seems to be responsive design, no content showed up in my Firefox on Android. Edit: works in mobile Chrome Running a relay is perfectly legal in many (most?) contries, isn't it? (AFAIK it was originally deployed by USA as a way to secure their field agents comms. ) Let me add: Hopefully they will end using 3rd party comment systems that forces you to either break the rules (fake Facebook etc accounts) or sign every comment with you full online profile. (In at least a few foras I frequent the result is that in most controversial case you miss out a whole lot of reasonable but not politically correct voices. Real trolls either don't care about Terms and Conditions and create another fake account or they troll using full name and address.) Excuse me? Google+ share the quota with gmail. Gmail currently offers 7 or more free GB. Additional GBs are cheap (although they have new price structure now.) Also pictures 2048px (*) or smaller doesn't count towards the quota (and you can easily, in g+ settings on phone, choose to only upload photos resized to that size if you don't want to pay for extra storage.) Don't forget that there are a lot of countries around the world that borders to former USSR that are very happy with American military superiority. My home country is one of them. USSR at some point had stamps where half of our contry was painted in as part of the empire, and rich in resources and strategic as it was there is a fair chance they had invaded us hadn't it been for the Americans. Most of us prefer different degrees of rich as in USA versus everybody equal(ly poor) as in USSR so we are mostly happy. Understand that I cannot defend everything every American has ever done but on average I'd feel much safer with an American soldier pointing a gun at me than about anyone else. Thanks! Appreciated and upvoted. The thing about elementary and OS X is that elementary seems a whole lot better than OS X. This wouldn't count of course if I hadn't used OS X a few years. (Then again I mostly have used Linux whenever possible for the last 5-10 years and I also think Windows 8 is great.) Things that are better (in my view) in elementary are for example: alt-tab, standard open source apps works nicely (no need to run in an extra x), no global menu. Of course no Mac user should switch, but for anyone like me who almost like mac except for the:"stupid" parts elementary is great. I see your point about public perception. For another viewpoint I'm running dev of a side project on an elementary laptop. Since bleeding edge of postgres and python doesn't matter much for me it is actually quite good. (relational database, no scaling problem for now and python packages are installed using virtualenv and pip. Sublime text also works nicely on two year old kernel ) There are plenty people with ADHD-PI and good grades. Many goes undiagnosed into adult life as well. Seek help. Be prepared to have to explain it a few times. Some doctors are amazingly reluctant to accept that ADHD doesn't mean stupid, lazy or crazy. (Yes, there is a book by about that name. Can't vouch for it yet.) Also, medicine or not, be aware that you might have a few advantages: When everyone else freeze (exam, first to an accident etc) if you are prepared you can think clearly when few others can. You most likely can study very well on your own (but going to class is still recommended just to have an idea of what the school/teacher/professor thinks is important.) Try to use your special abilities like: thinking outside the box (automate things), eye for details (something is fishy), people skills etc. I'd also like to think that a job were you are clearly ON or OFF would be an advantage. For some of us this disturbed the whole working day: Having to log into twitter at work to check what is happening with HN.. no good.. ; - ) From the Civ V Steam Listing: "Don't meet the above requirements? Running on Ubuntu? That doesn't mean your configuration wont run Civ V, it just means we have not tested and vetted your configuration. Visit the Civilization V community page to share your experience with other Linux players and learn about how to send bugs to Aspyr. Your feedback will help us improve Civ V Linux and future AAA Linux releases". He, I would like to say it is the price for living with kde. I find it is generally worth it and suggest other people try it if they don't like their current setup and have some time to spare. I changed to ubuntu fo a few years while they used gnome 2 but now I am back on kde for my workstation and have been for a couple of years. (Distroshopping coming up later this month when the various lts-buntus and derivatives have stabilized.) Yes it beta but if the screenshots immediately raises red flags to you chances are you are a mac us ser and should stay with mac for now. (I have used mac for years and it annoys me to no end, mostly because it is so close to perfect but still broken to no end for many of my use cases. For me linux shortcuts, linux software, fullscreen working w/multi monitor, "correct" keyboard layout and keyboard shortcuts that makes sense to me is far more worth than visual polish. But then again I am weird, ain't I? ;-) Stuff I work with still uses rs232. In fact rs232 is still being used in new systems today :-) Edit: before anyone thinks I'm stupid: it pays well, I get to work in interesting places and I dont have to wrangle appstore guidelines, java gc, android etc. Have to wrestle some windows systems though. Not my post but I'll add a little meta observation anyway: I can't see why this isn't taking off at HN. I've personally found the recent discovery of the giant octopus interesting. It has been reported by sailors for numerous times as far as I know, yet science has shown little intereset until a specimen was found. In the same vein the fact that wolves have attacked humans in the last 5 years is very interesting. When I grew up we were taught that wolves were afraid of humans and none of the old stories were true. (I have come to the conclusion top trust naval officers and grandparents more than scientists in such cases.) You explained it better than me: "Science is great. It's the best thing we've got for finding out the truth about nature. But sometimes science gets arrogant and ignores anecdotal evidence even when it is so widespread that some of it almost certainly is from reliable observers." >Because your statement doesn't make much sense for the former, and is still wrong for the latter (science showed plenty of interest before the recent live-specimen discovery, though the popular media, at least briefly, became more interested when a live specimen was found.) Thanks for correcting me. Now tzs also has a much better example than me :-) >When and where were you taught that? Primary school I think. A note on the hacking part: "The 14 year old duo Caleb Turon and Matthew Hewlett broke into a Bank of Montreal ATM during school lunch by following an online manual for accessing the machine's administrator functions. ... Turon and Hewlett gained access to that data by guessing the administrator password on their first attempt, indicating the ATM had default settings enabled." Still interesting. Let me guess this can have a wide range of applications outside of baby monitoring as well... That be tried. Was advertised HN maybe last year. I paid (and got money back no asking) one attempts. Cannot remember name. edit: style match topic