everyone going on about this check out Cinema Redux - movies distilled into one image, from 2004! Done with Processing! http://processing.org/exhibition/works/redux/index.html would be funny if it was someone like Richard Branson or John Carmack vying for these instead... to burn them! when I started reading this, first reaction was, what do you mean there isn't a site that lets you put all sorts of data in a QR Code - Google Charts API what. Then I see that's what you figured out. also, QR Codes with full vCard style contact infos have been in use/easy/available in popular places like Japan, for years. yeah, legendary and omitted? maybe too much source material for that..hehe; and if you wanna talk about the sound fx that go with the GUIs.....the insane work and science behind all the Trek sounds is craziness....all for a few blips and beeps..hehe... there's not alot in here about dropping Rails particularly.... it's more some Rails powered front end stuff for SEARCH that needed to be ditched to speed up the crazy insane search load they get. yeah, true -- this is all about scale. They have tons of online content producing partners that will be interested in doing live stuff, and also on the scale side of things, the YouTube reach is immense compared to the DIY streamer sites like justin.tv etc google translate's always had a strong confidence in its EN -> JP translation abilities. http://translationparty.com/ love how this comes out while http://agoogleaday.com is around while reading this I was afraid of what conclusion the author was going to reach -- but a vm message that says 'txt or email me' is great -- amen! gah, this again eh. Friday's news. This is a pretty unique/upper tier end of the spectrum problem. They needed to be able to cope with the ridiculous amount of realtime indexing and searching going on around the SEARCH stack, so ok, Netty etc. Not really anything about abandoning Rails etc. yep really I find VM is just a 'medium' choice, and one that I don't prefer, but maybe my callers would at the time. Sometimes it's just easier to ramble on about something instead of typing. But VM is by no means instant, don't expect a reply in any soonish timeframe. That's what IM/txt is for. Email and VM might as well be the same...non-current issues. I find the comment scores useful at a glance to note contributions the community likes. I haven't been here that long, but what is the HN obsession with discussion/comments anyways? Good links are good links. That is the first draw to HN isn't it? Current/fresh relevant links/news items not one mention of The Social Network movie or if a chunk of this influx is looking for a career at making iPhone apps? good post with insights on the site traffic etc..appreciated the rails/heroku discussion. What is with the hacker submissions tho!? submitting drop table lines etc...geez ppl....whyyy while cryptic at times, the messages in this article were great I thought. And on TechCrunch no doubt. I think only a few of Twitter's users are really seeing the bigger picture use of the service and it's serious impact. I mean, beyond the user base, there were commenters who 'don't use it or know anyone who does' that were completely oblivious to the impact - even though they hear about twitter on tv/news/whatever constantly almost. The obliviousness to the increasingly seamless nature of the platform is a problem for investors/patents/business models - because how do you define all that? I know this is right out there, but why not focus on going wireless to solve this 'need to avoid digging stuff up' hurdle? I thought advances in wireless speeds was going to be the real revolution. isn't this whole make-your-own-currency, digital or not, like that Ithaca HOURs thing? hmph, this one caught me by surprise..... more infos: http://www.delicious.com/help/transition also http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/05/03/amazon-enters-the-f... seems like it's still a crowded marketplace for this sort of fashion stuff, and fashion remains a tough sell online as far as the 'shopping experience' I think... but there must be enough of a margin in it and Amazon's definitely got the inventory and reach to pull this off, so seems like a logical, nice addition to their portfolio would love to find out if in fact there is some encryption layer on this thing, cause if not, that opens a whole other scandalous can of worms This story floating around in a bunch of places -- irks me. It's not a good buy. Too expensive unless RIM drops pricetag a ton. And the incompatibilties in vision and platform/development seem way too much hassle for MS which just got into the Nokia thing re: skype/facetime - if this RTMFP thing picks up, seems like there could be tons of services like this soon. no need for facekype. In some ways, this has been around for a bit, just maybe not a cleanly/easy to develop. tinychat anyone? haha, and they'll all be based on frontend UI accessing RSS. wow, these guys been pretty busy, on the hunt to get something together using a portfolio of services obviously. Good news for some startups, or in Delicious' case, some left-to-die orhpans They'll keep it for sure, maybe just sneak an MS logo in there. It's one of those brands that's achieved 'verb' status for god sakes. if MS absorbs the Skype technology into their own IM/chat/communications systems - and skype users are left out on a limb - where do they go? . They stay with the MS product line happily perhaps, or they go to __________? gChat/open/xmpp? Jump all the way to Apple FaceTime (seems a far jump). Or with forthcoming p2p flash video ease-of-dev/ease-of-use, does this all just become super common/easy to access? this music thing isn't a social thing at all really though, it's pure utility and convenience. In this form anyways. the perceived risks taken by locals in this story, and the way this plays out in the 'storify' flow is great. That Prey company should have some 'emergency' guidelines for how to track and get back your laptop. Like -- what is the best way to approach law enforcement, instead of vigilante tactics. heh archived on livestream now...youtube later article title stunned me in an 'ah ha' sort of way -- sounds like a play/set of moves right up apple's alley dunno how I missed this one earlier, but nice design work....and G finds yet another way to present their ad/promotion scheme and on that note, I'm not that impressed by this because it's mostly about what to do once you've got an app developed. It's pure marketing/ad/promotion stuff. Covered in slimy Google AdX goo. posting this, but seems like there is no new source other than the days old TechCrunch article huge move for Mastercard PayPass. But only works with Nexus S now? Are there a ton of phones coming to market with NFC capability? this has got me a bit confused and the absurdity of trying to put a blanket policy on something as global as the net and something somewhat not-geo-specific as domains and sites, confounds me they should start by banning foreign hosting of uk ccTLDs... hashbang discussion rearing its head again..... this post is long but it has some insights / questions into why the debate erupts about this and what it means when we say they 'break the web'. Hashbangs are caught in the middle of this transition of our old thinking of web docs into an application platform. general hysteria-inducing article. How about some population control? nicely done. always enjoyed playing with Wordle. would say we already figured this out a few days ago...... that it's all about hardware sales so this is really about breaches and 'attacks' -- data loss seems like a vague term to describe. We're not talking about a bunch of crashed hard drives here seem it wasn't handled the best way by Twitter, but really, the whole brand/identity holders thing is a long standing valid thing on the internet..(re: domains etc)...so I dunno, shouldn't be that much of a surprise? Word of the day has to be: Spime http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spime people bring this stuff on themselves by treating fb as a massive 'who I know or am related to' index instead of following who they are interested in. I suppose fb brought some of this on themselves when they went down the twitter-emulation path a few years ago. the product/service will outshine the design if the idea is still conveyed (in a pretty fashion or not). my mom asked me the other day what the word 'sync' meant. Honestly. To some it may be an alien word in the context of their devices/data. nice technology demo -- I like using google quick view for pdf reading...this is a nice alternative... dreaming up uses for it - immediate display and download of pdf receipts that sort of thing? speaking of google ..... so much for Chrome's built in pdf viewer..heh. like some other things with Obama's Presidency, data/gov projects haven't gone the way we all 'Hoped' they would when the ideals presented themselves at its start. hmm, wouldn't guess Google because I thought while their computing grid is the most powerful it's not really a supercomputer because it's just tons and tons of basic machines... but maybe gah -- I wouldn't put that much faith in Alexa and ComScore data sources. Also, as if apps were any different than the web -- the web is where the data comes from!