I do not believe they have a monoply any more. a few years ago they where much more prolifict, I paid for ALOT of things via paypal. in the last 5 years I have made 0 transactions on paypal. With Amazon, Stripe, and others merchant solutions, as well as Apple and Google geting into the game soon for webpayments in addition to app paymets I do not believe the reliance on paypal as a quick way to process credit cards for business is as high as it was, further the reluctance for consumers to enter their credit card data never really materialized. Currently I think a business that only has PayPal as a payment option is harming their business, while you might keep it around for those few users that still only want to use paypal if I see an option to use anything other than paypal I will take it. Independent Auditing happens in all kinds of industries and for all kinds of reasons There is no reason a neutral 3rd party can not review logs, software, or other data to ensure in house ad metrics are accurate. >>Shadow of Mordor is near unplayable) Really because I have played over 200 hours, seems to work just fine in my Arch Linux system... Let see Top 10 Games by play hours, all on native linux (no WINE) 1. Borderlands 2 2. Shadow of Mordor 3. Cities Skylines 4. Civ V 5. Stellaris 6. Borderlands Pre-sequel 7. Space Run 8. X-Com 9. Wasteland 2 10. Race the Sun Plus I just bought like 10 or so titles on Steam Summer Sale, all Linux but have not had time to play them. Solar2, universe Sandbox 2, Tropico 5, Portal 2 are a few of those. >>But please let's not portray Linux as a viable gaming OS. I game exclusively under Linux now, if the game is not available for Linux native I will not buy it. I no longer own any Windows Computers. I see so not only do you have to play exclusively AAA titles now you have to play at 4K in order for you to be called a "gamer" according to dogma1138 Talk about moving the goal posts For the Record, Most windows systems struggle to play games at 4K unless you have 2 980TI's in SLI or the new 1080, my system could not play Shadow of Mordor @4K if I installed windows, linux has nothing to do with it Further I am not selling out the money for a 4K display, I have 4 1080p monitors, and 1 1920x1600 hooked to my system, I play games on the 1920x1600 It runs just fine at that resolution on a couple generation old card. Not really... There are several I have on my wishlist but are still more than I want to spend.. >Also how come you don't run windows Because I find windows to be technologically inferior >but somehow have no problem with a closed source OS (SteamOS) and a closed source platform (Steam) with always on DRM taking over gaming on Linux? While I do support open source, I do not choose Linux simply because it is open source. I work in a windows shop, if windows was not a steaming pile of shit I would not have a job. When I get home I want my computer to simply work, the way I want it to work, with out problems or having fucking update popups every 5 mins, or having driver issues (yes I infact have more driver issues on windows than Linux, party because I ensure I select hardware that is supported by the Kernel before I buy something so hardware is never an issue for me) I choose Linux because for me it is the best computing experience for my workflow, not simply because it is open source. I have only installed SteamOS once, and do not currently have any system running it, I use Arch Linux for any Desktop Systems, and some dev servers. CentOS for all Production Servers, and I dabble in all the others. As for DRM, while steam does have DRM not all games use it, People often confuse SteamDRM with the other features of the Platform. Steam is a Application Library that has DRM, I have never had an negative experience in relation to SteamDRM so it does not really bother me. You have seem to confused me with RMS or something. This argument is about like asking why I use the Nvidia Closed source Drivers... Hell maybe that is your problem with Shadow, you are attempting to use the nouveau drivers Linux support for oculus started to Decline when John Carmack joined the company and the final nail in the coffin was the Sale to Facebook, anyone that thought linux would be supported after those 2 events are ignorant to the history of computing As for Valve and their Lack luster support of SteamOS, again you have to look at history, and why Valve started the SteamOS project, they do not have some Philosophical need to support an OpenSource Operating system, When Widnows 8 was announced it clearly looked like Ballmer was going to turn MS into Apple, and close the ecosystem. This was a direct threat to Valve's business model, so they responded as any company would with an attempt to diversify and at the same time control the platform for themselves. With Ballmer Leaving, Windows 8 almost universally being rejected by consumers and business, and the release of the More Open and Traditional Windows 10 the "need" for SteamOS (in Valves eyes)has lessened considerably, which is why Valve has not pushed it as strong as they did a couple years ago. They still recognize the Risk being primary on Windows as such they will not kill the project but the "New Microsoft" seems to be embracing being more open than at any point in MS history so.... Including having their own Linux "distro" for Software Defined Networking, and working directly with RedHat and Canonical I get overruled almost on a weekly basis, there are ALOT of things I wish my company would do different, I make these suggestions, I explain my reasoning, and if my boss accepts my reasons and approves the change happens, if not well thats the breaks. He may have a perfectly valid reason why what I suggest will not work for reasons unknown to me that is why he is management and I am not (thank god) I however never circulate a petition to my coworkers asking is they agree with me, or my boss. I never circulate a petition to my coworkers and then present it to my boss as if my work place was some kind of democracy in which is my coworkers all agree then my bosses veto is somehow over ruled. >>>I seriously doubt that firing them was the best way to teach them anything. It should have taught them that when you are a new employee and something you request is denied, that is the end of it. You do not circle the wagons and attempt to force the issue. It should have taught them that the work place is a heirachy with Interns at the bottom, It should have taught them that the real world is a cold ruthless place and your feels are irrelevant. >that includes the damage done to young tech workers asked to work 80+ hour weeks for months on end at no cost to the employer over a 40 hour week. That is not really a union issue, what we need is a few tech workers to push for IRS Exemption rules and sue over it, to get some clear established case law on who and who is not exempt from overtime. The IRS and DOL have been woefully derelict in their guidance on this issue, and I personally believe that many of the IT workers that are classified as exempt today should not be. >regulation exempting "computer professionals" broadly from overtime pay in 2003. I am aware, I am also aware the "computer professional" is narrowly defined and simply because you work with a computer does not make you a "computer professional" I am aware of several companies that do not classify their employees properly >> Workers should do it ourselves. Workers should by refusing to work those jobs, I myself am Salaried Non-Exempt. I personally disagree with the concept of unions, and find they are often worse over the long term Netflix today is using EME. If you access Netflix on Chrome (including in Linux), or IE11 in Win8 or higher you will be using the Netflix EME based Player, using MS PlayReady, or Googles Widvine CDM. >>>I don't know why this is news. if you read the post by the company they clearly explain why this should be news. the fact that twitter allows at least one company to do this already IMO is enough to make ti news. Why can Politwoops exist but not this site? In todays shaking legal ground, it would not shock me if Twitter could not get some Agency in the federal government to Arrest the founders/programmers/executives of the site under CFAA and charge them with criminal felonies If your nation has a extradition Treaty with the US I would be cautious as well... US has been very good of late about charging people that have never been to the US for violation of US laws online. It is bullshit but it seems many nations refuse to protect their citizens from harassment by the US legal system This will not always save you. If a company uses the "Fulfilled by Amazon" service they ship their stuff to amazon and it is co mingled with all of the other SKU's purporting to be the same item, including Amazons own stock Clearly you do not understand how Amazon Warehouses work Just because you buy someing from Seller A, even if Seller A is Amazon LLC, you may not be getting stock from Seller A If I am A retailer selling SuperWidget 55, and I ship Amazon 100 Genuine SuperWidget's to store in their warehouse for amazon to ship to my customers (aka Amazon Fulfillment Service) . Then another competitor ship 100 Fake SuperWidgets to amazons warehouse. All Amazon records is they have 200 SuperWidgets. When a Customer orders a SuperWidget, they will get what ever SuperWidget is closest to their location, and a random one from that location, it may not be my SuperWidget but one of the 100 fake ones, even though the customer selected to order from me. So then the next question is why would a retailer use Amazon Fulfillment, well if you want to get any Prime buyers you must, as if you do not use Amazon Fulfillment your orders are not "Prime Eligible" which eliminates a huge number of consumers. >>> Torrent sites only host torrent files; They do not even host those any more All of the Torrent Sites are only Indexers of Magnet Links, no different than google. The BT Client then takes the Magnet Link, downloads the torrent file from peers in the network. When you Click on a download link from KAT nothing is downloaded from their server, it is simply a protocol link that tells your BT client what file you want. It is Technologically No different than a HTTP url, so if KAT if violating Copyright law then every other Search Engine is as well >>>Plus its all legal and protected, Sorry but Ripping BluRays is not legal under the DMCA even if you are doing for a "backup". >>>You can try but you'll never be able to rationalize stealing from someone. Especially when you use someone(s) else's actions to try to justify stealing from them. The supporters of a too-strict, repressive form of copyright often use words like “stolen” and “theft” to refer to copyright infringement. This is spin, but they would like you to take it for objective truth. Under the US legal system, copyright infringement is not theft. Laws about theft are not applicable to copyright infringement. The supporters of repressive copyright are making an appeal to authority—and misrepresenting what authority says. To refute them, you can point to this real case which shows what can properly be described as “copyright theft.” Unauthorized copying is forbidden by copyright law in many circumstances (not all!), but being forbidden doesn't make it wrong. In general, laws don't define right and wrong. Laws, at their best, attempt to implement justice. If the laws (the implementation) don't fit our ideas of right and wrong (the spec), the laws are what should change. A US judge, presiding over a trial for copyright infringement, recognized that “piracy” and “theft” are smear-words. https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/words-to-avoid.html#Theft As a libertarian I would never work for Government Especially the IRS. >>You often need permission, then pay royalties, to copyright holders. That is the theft. You operate under the idea that I believe they are entitled to these things, I do support or believe copyright is ethical, I do not believe the government has the ethical authority to tell me how I can arrange the bits on my hard disk, I do not believe the government has the ethical authority to grant a person or company the monopoly on an idea or arrangement or words, notes, or images AMD had about as much of a Chance at breaking in the to Intel Dominated OEM market as Linux had to become the default operating systems on all Consumers PC's MS and Intel both put EXTREME pressure and incentives on OEM (and both were accused of Anti-Trust Violations) to keep their defacto monopolies >> That's unacceptable in 2016. The fact that simple Banner ads are no longer acceptable is the reason I use uBlock Orgin.... >>But posting your child's naked photo on Facebook will get you account banned instantly and if you are US based can get you in a lot of trouble Citation on the Legal Case law that now lists a Child Bath time photo as Child Porn that can get you into "lot of trouble" in the US No in the US the 1st amendment protects you from Government Prosecution, codifing the Concept of Freedom of Speech into the very foundation of our Legal System Freedom of Speech however is a concept that applies to everyone, and everything including Google Companies that proclaim the desire to respect Freedom of Speech, that claim to operate platforms in the promotion of Freedom of Speech, and make a profit doing so, should be HEAVILY criticized when they violate that principle Data Security and Privacy are never going to be convenient. If someone does not respect their own security and privacy enough to do their work themselves they can never enjoy privacy and security, as by definition if you are not setting up and maintaining the systems, you are giving up control of your privacy and security to a 3rd party, be that Google, MS, Apple, or some other "Trusted" party This gets into the whole debate over who owns, or should own, your data IMO I should have the right to access, and authorize 3rd parties to access, data stored about me even if it is on a 3rd party platform like facebook. If Facebook does not want to allow Me or my authorized agents to access this data then facebook;s only recurse should be to prevent me from using their platform AND delete any and all they have collected about me. Here Facebook wants to control how my data is used, stored, and disseminated. they want the ability to Prevent me or my Authorized Agents from access my data, but they do not want to be forced to delete said data. I am a strong advocate of strong Data protection, access, and Right to Know laws. Authorization is the key question, for me Power Partners was authorized, by the USER, that should be all the Authorization they need. Facebook should be sending notices and cancelling the accounts of the USERS that authorized Power Partners, not be going after power partners directly. This... I hate being slow rolled to idea or opinion.. If you have criticism about my work come out with it, I am not some delicate little snowflake, if there is better way I want to know. So did the credit reporting agencies until laws were passed requiring them to give people access, and a path to correct inaccurate info. Now these are hardly perfect, but I think this idea needs to be expanded to all companies that store PII about you. For example I do not have a Facebook account, but I am sure they have data about me, I have no way of ascertaining what info they have, or the accuracy of the info, and they could in time be selling that inaccurate info to agencies or other parties that could impact my life in some manner. Facebook is hardly the only one, and actually is far from the most egregious when it comes to the potential of screwing up your life. There are many companies most people have never heard of that take data from all kinds of sources, some with out any kind of actual verification and compile massive databases on people for sell to anyone.. Stalkers, Creditors, Employers, etc etc etc. I view employment different than most people I have found anyway Trust has nothing at all to do with it, nor does ownership as the article implies as I do not own any of the idea's or work I produce for my employer. That is the purpose of my employment, I trade my skills, knowledge and experience for currency. My employer trusts my boss that is the only Trust that is required, I give my input based on how I see things, if they accept it great, if they want to go another route or use a different idea that is fine as well. I do not have these types of emotional attachments to my work HUH???? Seems like you are attempting to construct some kind of terrible and very specific straw man. I believe I explained my position fully, and your comment does not pose any additional information or questions that requires any more comments than i have already made, if you would like to try again I will be happy to respond. I do not believe I advocated for anything like that. In this case The data was either Scraped via downloading the HTML pages, or used Facebooks API with the users permission. I believe that should be all that is required is the user permission, if the USER does something that is a violation facebook policy then the recourse should be banning of the User, and removal of all data for that user. Facebook does not want that however. So you see Facebook does not have to provide anything, but they can not pick and choose what a person does with the data they are storing about them. That said there is one Data Service I do believe should be required, I should be able to request my data from any company to be delivered to me in some kind of Machine Readable format. XML, JSON, some other structured format. This could be only on Condition of Closing my account, or some other string attached, but I should be able to get access to this data. >>The TSA was created for legit safety/security purposes. No >> The answer is not regressing to poorly trained and poorly organized DIY security operations. The answer lies in not giving up essential liberty for promises of safety The goal of Terrorism is to scare people so badly they give up their own way of life "voluntarily" because they are scared, in that the terrorist have won It is not simply that Getty is attempting to charge for the Photos But rather Getty is Claiming Copyright over the photos, and are Issue Cease and Deist letters to anyone they find using the photos that did not pay Getty for a License. So regardless of the status of Public Domain or not, Getty is not the Copyright Holder, and should not be issuing DMCA, or other Demand Letters claiming they are. >sick that I have to vote for the least worst one. Of course you dont, There are 2 Other people on the ballot in Most states given you 4 options. I personally will be voting for Gary Johnson this year. (as i did in 2012) >>People always say they want open source, support, locally manufactured products etc. but then they seem to take pretty much any excuse possible not to support it. I think you confuse the 2 vocal groups, it is not normally the same people Wanting Locally Manufactured products and wanting Cheap Knock offs, even if both want Open Source I Love opensource, but I have little respect nor desire to support Arduino LLC, and will happily buy the cheapest board, I will also support projects and vendors by paying a premium if I feel it is worth it. >Retailers also take quite a big piece of the pie from smaller manufacturers. Margins are these boards are very very thin, this is why Retailers like SparkFun, Adafruit and other are making their own Arduino Compatible boards because it is more profitable, It is not true that the retailer is taking a "big piece" of the pie selling Aurdinuo LLC licensed boards. this is also why other Platforms are starting to replace the what I consider Overpriced Aurdinuo. I have been starting to use ESP8266 based boards (like NodeMCU) for example. If I want a $40 board I am using a rPI not an Aurdinuo... >>Of course, this isn't the case when you are contracted by the government to develop software for them...I'm not going to say let's ban shrinkwrapped software in the government Shrinkwrapped software != bespoke software that is contracted to be developed for the government IMO any software that is contracted to be developed by the government should be public domain, if the government "owns" the software then in reality the public "owns" it... after all the government is "for the people, by the people" right... This does preclude the government from licensing the USE of software (like Windows, Office, etc) that is a completely different debate. However if the government is contracting with a company for the company to build custom software the exclusive use of the government they yes that should be Public domain. That is not how location services work, you always at least 3 data points, Lat, Lon and Accuracy http://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/geoip2/web-services/#location It is up to the Developer to do sanity checks on the Accuracy for their type of application. in some instances just knowing it came from the US or some other country is accurate enough. To claim they should simply not return any data if they do not have an accuracy level to your arbitrary standards would make the service useless IMO Max Mind is not the problem here, people taking the data and using it as if it is accurate to 1in is the problem. Geo-location data on IP address has NEVER EVER been that accurate, NEVER. The fact the law Enforcement, Consumers and others use this data as the sole data point then act on that data is the problem, not that Max Mind Returned a Lat Lon to the center of the US So at what level do you believe these service to be Accurate to before returning data? 10mi? 1mi? 50feet? If they can not tell me what room in my home I am located should they simply return "the moon" as my location? Different Services use this data for different reasons, some times simply knowing what nation the IP is from is enough, but you believe they should return "the moon" if all they can determine it is came from with in the US? >Ideally they'd offer version of the service that gives a probability 'heat map' that is not "ideal" at all, one of the first uses of this data was for real time CC fraud Detection, giving a computer processing CC info a graphical "heat map" is less than useless. Most geolocation API data is consumed by computers that use it for many things, not presented to the user directly. >In reality the simplified version would be provided as a service with a default threshold, anything under the threshold would not report a position, but could still report a country ISO code and perhaps state, county as optional extras. It appears you believe this data is only for Human Consumption. If an API is designed to return LAT and LON and Accuracy, then that is what is should return, not an ISO country code. I get you believe no API should be designed this way, but I as a developer that consumes these services prefer it that way, makes it easier to write against I as a developer am asking for Max Mind to give me Lat Lon and Accuracy, not a ISO Country Code or Heatmap > So, a lookup in a geo-ip database should give you an area. Good thing that is exactly what it does. >A common analogy is comparing an IP address to a mailing address or phone number for computers. For most purposes, this analogy is good enough While it is a common analogy, is not "good enough" because it is incorrect, inaccurate, and has lead to a host of problems far removed from this current GeoIP issue. RIAA/MPAA is one of the worst offenders at attempting to equate an IP address to a Physical Address/person for the purpose of civil and legal liability. I believe they are the ones that cemented this very very flawed and incorrect analogy in to the minds of the less technical minded persons The side effect is the Intel and Atheros are better anyway, BroadCom Wifi is utter crap IMO Some ISP turn over their Residential IP Blocks to Blacklist providers to add automatically to the blacklists. ISP state in their TOS you are not to run "servers" from your home connection, as such they simply blacklist all Residential IP;s from the start, because if you are running a email server on a Residential Connection it is either a Botnet, or you are violating the TOS of your plan. Comcast, ATT, you name it. Any of the Big US ISP's Current Comcast AUP ( http://www.xfinity.com/corporate/Customers/Policies/HighSpee... ) >>use or run dedicated, stand-alone equipment or servers from the Premises that provide network content or any other services to anyone outside of your Premises local area network (“Premises LAN”), also commonly referred to as public services or servers. Examples of prohibited equipment and servers include, but are not limited to, email, web hosting, file sharing, and proxy services and servers; Not for everyone, just People on Android and ios mobile devices... I can assure you that you will never have to reboot your laptop before it will work... as it will not work at all on your laptop. It is for Android and iOS only. hmm there are 7 billion people in the world, according to you 1.9 billion use Antroid or iOS. This means there are ~5 billion that do not, thus basic math concludes that this new app is not even for the majority of people and far far far far far from the "everyone" claimed. >the refresh cycle for PCs/Laptops is going to very soon be transitioning from the traditional 2-year cycle to 3-years, and, in the case of desktops, we're going to be seeing people run their systems for 4, even 5 years before considering upgrading. We have been on a 3/5 cycle for the last 10 or so years. (3 year laptop/5year desktop) We are likely moving to a 5/8 cycle with our current hardware. > their dominant computer is their smart phone/phablet, which is being refreshed every two-years, I am seeing less and less people willing to replace their phones on the 18-24 month cycle. The primary reason this occurred originally was cell phone carriers used the "upgrade" to lock people in to an additional 24mo contract. As we see less and less contracts and more people paying for their phones out of pocket or in installments, the replacement window is increasing, I expect by the end of 2017 to see the replacement be 36-48 mos for Cell Phones. This is especially true for any phone priced over ~$350. Most of this comes down to how long the OEM will continue to issue OS Updates for the hardware, if your phone is getting updates to the OS 36mos after you bought it there is likely very little reason to spend another $400 on a phone. We will likely see some Manufacturers/Carries taking the opportunity to screw over their customers by refusing updates after 24 months in order to extort them into a replacement. Hopefully the market responds to these companies by pushing them to bankruptcy but... >>> Apple, Google, and Amazon currently So in your world 2 wrongs make a right... because "everyone else" is doing it is a justification for you? See I was taught from a young age that just because my friends did something incredibly stupid, illegal, or immoral that dis not give me license to commit the offense.