i.e. paper has higher resolution, and is more readable than a pair prototype glasses? I think so too. The title is needlessly incendiary. Explain to me, exactly, step-by-step. How forcing little suzy to click 2 times by having to use safari, instead of 1 click inside the app. Would stop the problem you're mentioning. You'd make an awesome politician: Can't answer the question? No problem! Ask yourself a different question and proceeed to answer that one instead! Slipery slope: Wow, how could the [Apple] products really need to cost $[600]? It's buttons with a touch screen. Honestly, it sounds likelY that [HTC] is infringing. In our copyright system, unfortunately you have to pay or you have to wait for it to expire for cheaper options. However, it wasn't worth it to me, as part of the Public, to give [Apple] exclusive rights to those ideas, especially if they're going to sell them for that price. This could be one way of getting around an "Internet kill-switch" I hope you realize that's a non-sequitor. The hypothesis was people only care about the iPad - not tablets. Which is laughable because a significant proportion of the market cares about non-iPad tablet. What does profit have to do with what people care about? Take a look at the Galaxy Nexus (the phone in question) and tell me which Apple design or patent it infringed. (Bear in mind the unified search patent has prior art - by Google to wit, and is likely to be invalidated) I see this stuff on here all the time, except it's usually $LANGUAGE vs PHP, and it's usually condoned/encouraged. United Launch Alliance competes directly with SpaceX. ULA comprises Lockheed and Boeing. Thanks for the awesome tool! I've found it handy on more than one occasion to trace jQuery/vanilla JS listeners. Any plans for Dojo support? Microsoft recently filed an amicus brief supporting Oracle's position on API copyright. I wouldn't speculate that this is the motive, but it would be interesting if Microsoft is pressured into using Google APIs So you are blaming Google not for what it has done, but what it could do? You seem to be contradicting yourself, earlier, you said "And yet, Linux doesn't have all that great driver support ..." The question is, what's cheaper- labor for optimizing the queries + paying (possibly reduced) SQL server licensing, or keeping the "mediocre" queries + throwing in more hardware? They'll still be silent: "Allow scanning by services" is listen-only with no transmission. Of course they were aware of the issue, if you read what JBQ wrote, he mentioned this was escalated 6 months ago. It doesn't take a leap of the imagination to conclude that the expectation was the issue would be resolved by the time the product was available for sale. Perhaps Qualcomm even stringed them along (I'm speculating) JBQ says he's very frustrated with the "lawyers", for what exact reasons- I don't know. Maybe he feels like they are not exerting enough pressure, or maybe it's Qualcomm's lawyers he's pissed at. You cannot say Google (or at least JBQ) knew how this would turn out. Are you suggesting that the rule of law is a bad idea?("This is...why China continues to eat our lunch"). I think legal frameworks are more tractable: a "Photography not allowed" sign, with enforcement is a more elegant solution to more technological ones (anti-photography/reflective coating maybe?) You can still argue your assertion further: you seem to be declaring that race (and not class) is the driver for crime. Race and class (in America) are strongly linked that when a person declares one thing (and not the other) as the cause, it tells you a lot about the person. Probably cross-reference it with their data? It didn't work out very well for them (or the U.S. in general. Innovation simply moved to France- further away from harassment by the Wright's. I remember reading an article stating that this is the reason so many parts of the aeroplane have French names (fuselage, aileron, &tc) In other words, you're confirming the 90% figure, right? I don't think having a exploitable kernel counts as being 'open' by any measure. I cannot understand how people are ignoring the security side of this. I think you are overstating the amount of control the US has. The US is spying on SWIFT transactions, that's a world of a difference from actually controlling SWIFT. > Google, on the other hand, is trying to turn the browser into an OS This isn't new, not since Marc Andreessen said "[Netscape will soon reduce Windows to] a poorly debugged set of device drivers" - in 1995. Which I take to mean he fully intended to make everything above device drivers the domain of the browser. Here's a Google Translate link: http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&js=n&pre... Yes- those with large patent pools. IBM and Microsoft, chief amongst them. I'm pretty sure "the government" in GP's context referred to the UK government, not the US. The knitting industry also uses the word "Thread" to describe some other thing. This is going to be a nightmare, I tell you. I think the 'Companies like Volvo are far ahead' needs to be qualified. IMO, Google is ahead in the following areas -map data -PR & public visibility -pushing legislation debate Because the keyboard has a dictionary and can choose the most likely word you meant from your swipe waypoints If I remember correctly, one of the characters hand-waved it as (paraphrasing) "multiple echoes of the same signal". Meaning there were no meaningful timestamps I don't think the whiteboard interviews expect an executable at the end of the process. It's not a complete test, but a partial one: testing if you can come up with suitable algorithms within a reasonable time - and perhaps how you work/your process. None of which is dependent on any (software/IDE) tools What is your opinion of the people who shared the DeCSS key? If "46DCEAD317FE45D80923EB97E4956410D4CDB2C2" is free speech, so is a magnet URI I have a Galaxy Nexus (2011) that's stuck on 4.2. I wouldn't mind receiving bug-fix releases. I think "restriction" is a poor choice: it's more like an architectural decision - that is exactly how they designed it. I could equally say your computer is more than capable of running a self-hosted version of GMail, but "it's a restriction [Google] added" for them to run it on their servers. Language design is about trade-offs. Broadly speaking: being good in one category means being bad in another. Storing your IM data & meta-data on their servers. i.e. Pending, delivered, read. If they allowed phone to be offline, that data would need to be synced when it comes online. I think medical care is the missing part of the equation in your anecdote (and gp's). If you get malaria and medical attention, you'll have a lousy time, but probably be fine. However, for people with limited access to medical care (too remote or too impoverished), preventing Malaria altogether is the best bet, hence mosquito nets. >No? I bet I've spent more years in Africa than you have This sound like an appeal to non-authority. How does seeing someone fishing with a mosquito net discount the fact that malaria deaths have been decreasing for 20 years? (a point you chose to ignore, by the way). Africa is not a monolith: it's 54-countries strong with a multitude of cultures (I'd bet you'd be hard-pressed to find a "local witch doctor" in Tunis). You are entitled to your opinion, just because you live there doesn't automatically make you an expert. I too have spent my entire life in (southern) Africa. Generally nets are not supposed to be washed with untreated water (doing so will wash away the infused chemicals). If you are going to wash the net, you are supposed to wash it in a bucket or any small container with treated water to maintain potency. I like the indentation + braces redundancy because indentations are for humans, brackets are for the interpreter. Logic blocks are more explicit with brackets I encountered a non-obvious Python bug that was caused by mixed spaces-and-tabs: to my human eyes, the indentation looked fine - the same as previous line, but the interpreter saw a different level of indentation. > Google wants developers to write the logic once in Java, transpile it to other platforms, and then make the UI natively using the SDK for each platform. That way the apps look and feel native to the platform they're on, and the UI should run a lot more smoothly. The article seems to suggest that GWT is being (should be?) used for logic only. If the Web UI is sluggish, it probably isn't GWT's fault (disclaimer: I'm not a Googler & I have never looked at the Inbox code) If Apple is "kind of okay with GPLv2", why doesn't it allow GPLv2 apps in the App Store? In my opinion, Apple was never okay with copyleft (whichever version). There is nothing wrong with a company objecting to copyleft licensing. > but the result of that would just be somebody putting up GNU Go for $0.99 and then getting sued by the FSF again. Why would the FSF sue in this instance? As far as I can tell it's not about the $0 or $0.99 price - if the $0.99 app provides the a way for users to get the source, it will be GPL-compliant the FSF will be fine with that. I don't understand why you would inject a hypothetical Android EV into this discussion. I feel that Apple/Google partisanship is off-topic when GP was talking about Apple v. GM/BMW/other established automakers The saying is full of crock - it presents a false dichotomy. You might pay and still be a product. You pay for cable TV but they sell you to advertisers. growing forest quickly =/= growing trees quickly. I might have missed something, but I don't think he mentions anything about making the trees grow faster. The "tricks" are to mature the forest (i.e. make it self-sustaining) within 10 years, tree growth-rate notwithstanding. Correctness beats complexity any day. Incorrectness is an unforgivable sin. While he didn't know WebVan would pioneer it, Loius Borders says he know ecommerce would rule the world. ...that doesn't quite have the same ring, does it? There is a lot of survivorship bias at play here. Thousands of individuals had convictions that their instincts were right as as well - but it turned out poorly for them. Luck and timing plays a big part in success, but more often than not, hn ignores this. To be clear: you are saying the toolchain does run, but not to your liking? It has been possible to install real Linux distros on Android for a while (X and all), with no root required. So you can install and run Android Studio if you so wish. It probably will be slow, but it can be done - today. So did Google suddenly realize they are competing with Firefox? Proof by contradiction says your theory is wrong (true for n=2015, false for n=2014 & earlier)