With XorShift as the PRNG, Rust is now almost on par with C and beating the DMD and GDC D implementations. If the syntax were stable, and the standard library and documentation improved, then we'd seriously consider it as an alternative to C++ for parts of our current project. I should have made it clearer; when I said "Lazy evaluation often tricked me up", I meant that I made the stupid mistake of thinking Haskell could somehow magically evaluate the shortest branch first via lazy evaluation. I.e. lazy evaluation tricked led me to make mistakes due to expecting too much from it, not because of any inherent fault in lazy evaluation. Excellent, that was just the kind of thing I was looking for, thank you. It would be great to this documented in the Rust Tutorial section on vectors. My apologies, I was in a hurry; I'll try to put more effort into presentation in future. Are there prominent guidelines for good-looking code in Rust? The most recent Haskell version uses the MWC PRNG rather than Mersenne, reaching 1.05s (53% the speed of C). That's a respectable number, especially for such an expressive language. I imagine if someone could adjust it to use XorShift it would run even faster. Is it possible to use LLVM? That generally compiles faster code for me than GCC, although that may be because my LLVM version is slightly newer. Although it wouldn't really be relevant for the level generation we're doing unless the memory usage was outrageous, I'm open to including memory usage in the table for comprehensiveness's sake. What would you say is the best way to measure ram usage on Linux; is there something as simple as 'time ./ThisExecutable' is for measuring time? Take the code here: https://github.com/logicchains/levgen-benchmarks/blob/master... and run it. Then, take the same code, change the genRooms function to contain: where noFit = genRooms (n-1) (restInts) rsDone tr = Room {rPos=(x,y), rw= w, rh= h} x = rem (U.unsafeHead randInts) levDim y = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 1) levDim restInts = U.unsafeDrop 4 randInts w = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 2) maxWid + minWid h = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 3) maxWid + minWid And change: let rands = U.unfoldrN 10000000 (Just . next) gen to: let rands = U.unfoldrN 20000000 (Just . next) gen The running time should double. Does it? Or does it increase by orders of magnitude? The latter is what happens to me. Thanks, I've included max resident memory statistics on the benchmark. The benchmark now includes maximum resident memory usage. Go does indeed perform quite well (at least with 6g), using around 30MiB, compared to around 25/26MiB for the non-garbage-collected languages. Scala is memory-heavy, as expected, and Rust seems to use a surprising amount of memory for some reason. I'd like to test it with the new Rust-coded runtime, especially if it's faster, but I won't have time to build it for a couple of days. I actually avoided building it earlier because I thought the new scheduler was slower and needed time to mature (I think I read that it doesn't yet swap tasks between threads, or something along those lines?), but I must have misread. True. I didn't actually realise the Nimrod implementation was garbage collected, I just assumed for some reason it managed memory in a hidden manual way like the C++ implementation. Note that garbage collection may not actually occur in this benchmark; for the single threaded benchmark at least, the Go runtime didn't make a single call to the GC, so D and Nimrod might be similar. It's done differently in Go because someone else wrote it, and I found it to be faster than the version I wrote using a worker pool of 4 tasks. If you look closely you'll see it doesn't actually ever run more than 4 goroutines simultaneously. Thanks, that makes it faster than Scala. No worries. A commenter here submitted a faster version, so it uses that now instead anyway. GCC outputs a jmp in the assembly for GenRands rather than a cmov. This involves branching, leading to branch misses, which waste time. I was using LLVM 3.2 because Rust and LLVM-D use that, so I thought it was fair. GCC 4.7 followed from this because I assumed it was of the same generation as LLVM 3.2, and that 4.8.1 was newer so less fair to compare to LLVM 3.2. Maybe a compiler bug? I'll post a question on Stack Overflow then when I have time. You're right that it probably makes for a better benchmark, and I tried to use recent versions for the other languages, I just didn't bother for C and C++ as I assumed they'd already be the fastest in class so there was no need to test on the latest compilers. Thanks! And sure, I'll put the compiler versions up sometime next week, along with the compile times. I tested it with the new runtime, but it only ran at around 87% of the speed of the original. I also needed to add a task::deschedule() call to make the scheduler behave. That simply isn't the case any more. The GCC and the LLVM can, for the majority of cases, write far faster assembly than the average assembly programmer. Naive C or C++ is faster than naive Go, but naive assembly is probable slower than even naive Go (the Go compiler produces optimised assembly, just not as well optimised as the assembly produced by C compilers). I would be interested to hear why they're "biased against using placebos because [they] consider it unethical". There is rigorous scientific support for the effectiveness of placebos in some situations, so by not supporting their uses they're effectively cutting patients off from a cheap, easy to produce treatment. Sure, lying isn't particularly ethical, but neither is denying a patient a valid treatment, so I wonder how they decided between the two. Statistically speaking, people have reasons to distrust the competence of doctors. From the article here http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142412788732342380457902... , for instance: "Both studies also found that about 25% of the time antibiotics were being prescribed for conditions in which they have no use, such as viral infections." Anybody who's studied even high school level microbiology (or spent a minute on the Wikipedia article on antibiotics) knows that antibiotics only work on bacteria, not viruses. I imagine it's hard for people to trust doctors when they make basic mistakes like that. Even the CDC ( http://www.cdc.gov/drugresistance/threat-report-2013/pdf/ar-... ) has stated that: "Up to half of antibiotic use in humans and much of antibiotic use in animals is unnecessary and inappropriate and makes everyone less safe". So if doctors can't even be trusted to not prescribe antibiotics as treatment for viral infections, why would people trust them regarding other more complex matters? Thanks for pointing that out, I'll pay attention to their next post. I skimmed over the content you linked, and it did suggest that placebo "can influence patient-reported outcomes, especially pain and nausea". It reminded me of this article: http://www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/2010/01/28/the-depress... , which seemed to suggest a legitimate use case for placebo treatment. A cynic might say "follow the money". There's an awful lot of money behind the push for GMO, and a powerful company with a reputation for doing unethical things (Monsanto). Many people are quite emotionally (and/or politically) invested in the concept of global warming. I'm not saying I disagree that GMOs are harmless or that global warming is occurring, only that often when people speak with such vitriol they're doing it in the name of money or emotion, not science. Well then maybe if there was some kind of register of the doctors that did in fact practice science based medicine, public trust would be improved, although I imagine there's probably some legal or political obstacle standing in the way of that. Well if they're all aware of that yet some still prescribe antibiotics for viral infections due to pressure from patients, isn't that an ethical issue? If for some reason bloodletting came into fashion again among the populace, would doctors be acting ethically if they caved into patients' demands to give them that therapy? Doctors won't prescribe useless treatments like homeopathics to patients, so why can't they say no to patients asking for antibiotics when antibiotics would be ineffective? Well if patients are the problem then the whole thing's a moot point; patients are just getting what they deserve for refusing not only to trust doctors but also to do even a tiny bit of research for themselves. The problem is that such things can harm the whole population, even those who make sensible health decisions, due to how antibiotics overuse encourages the development of antibiotics-resistant superbugs. If doctors can't stop this, then who can? You wouldn't think such a major search company would allow one to watch movies or listen to copyright music free of charge just by clicking the 'movies' or 'mp3' search tags, but Baidu does (at least to residents here; I'm not sure if the same is possible for people outside of China). Maybe because it's hard to imagine an organisation being outside of the reach of the MPAA? It's interesting to see the statement that a problem like this can 'probably only be solved by governments' when governments so far have completely failed to solve it, and the proposed non-government solutions (such as removing the limitations on the liability of polluters, and allowing those whose health or livelihood has been injured by pollution to sue, potentially by class action) have never even been attempted. "Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and inspecting a different result." After a few large polluters went bankrupt after multi-billion dollar payouts to fishermen, beachgoers and such, I imagine industry as a whole would be more wary about pollution. Without limited liability - limited by government, I should add - BP would almost certainly be bankrupt by now. As would whichever company owned the nuclear plant that leaked in Japan. If you have X amount of money and Y goods/service, the ratio of money per unit of good/service is X/Y. Economic growth increases the amount of goods/services provided; tractors dig more holes than shovels, and so on. This means Y increases, and thus X/Y must decrease: the cost per unit of good/service decreases. The project was completed using fewer than 45 lines of it, as suggested in the title. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MathematiciansAns... http://www.buzzfeed.com/ludwigwittgenstein/fantastic-ways-to... I lived in China for a couple of years, and it was generally accepted among the technologically savvy people I knew that most large web/software companies (Baidu, Tencent, Sina) spied on their users for the Chinese government. "To fight this recession the Fed needs more than a snapback; it needs soaring household spending to offset moribund business investment. And to do that, as Paul McCulley of Pimco put it, Alan Greenspan needs to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble." - Paul Krugman, 2002 He doesn't always give the best advice... I'm not trying to defend the guy if he actually meant what people here seem to think he meant, but it's possible he was referring to how society ('we') doesn't care about minorities, rather than saying that he himself doesn't care about minorities. The minimum wage is ultimately always zero; employers can simply choose to not hire you if they think your productivity is not enough to justify paying you the minimum. As an Australian who spent a couple of years in Asia (where minimum wages are much lower than Australia's $16/hour), one of the most stinking things I noticed was how much easier it was to find work there. I have 'unskilled' Australian friends who have spent months looking for work, without luck, whereas in Singapore for instance it seemed rare for somebody to take more than a week or two to find work. While the quality of the work may be lower than that of minimum-wage work in Australia, it at least provides unskilled individuals with an opportunity to develop the experience, skills and confidence necessary to move onto better jobs, while their Australian counterparts are still sitting around at home feeling dejected at being unable to find work. The American people. Isn't this kind of thing the reason why your constitution gives you guys guns? If a tyrant took over, if all else failed you could always just shoot them. "Children aged 5, 6, and 7 remembered 60% or more of the early-life events. In contrast, children aged 8 and 9 years remembered fewer than 40% of the early-life events". It is wrong to disbelieve him without knowing the standard deviation of the results. 40% is an average! For all we know (I can't check, as I don't have access to the original paper), there could have been two kids who had 90% recall and eight kids who had less than 40% recall. Knowing the standard deviation (and the nature of the distribution of results, whether it's a bell curve or whatever), would allow us to determine the probability of somebody having 90% recall post-childhood amnesia. Even if that probability was only 1/100, considering more than 100 people frequent this site it's expected that a few of them would have said 90% recall. More scientifically: happy faces are more attractive. http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/02699931.2013.817... Note the study I reference only used faces, and used the same facial images, digitally altering them to alter the facial expressions. As opposed to Happy Guys Finish Last, which used different photos and included the upper body in the shots. At least this is the internet; if the creators remained anonymous, it shouldn't be too hard for them to continue providing the service in spite of the administration's wishes to the contrary. Especially with for instance something like Tor, assuming that's still functional. And Himler was taught that killing millions of minorities was a good and honest action, yet the judge still found him guilty at Nuremberg. It's generally accepted that "I was just following orders" is not an acceptable reason for perpetuating atrocities. The reasoning you describe is not the only reason people oppose market regulation. Personally, I find the idea disgusting that somebody could be imprisoned (and killed if they resist) simply for selling something to somebody else, something that the other person was happy to buy. The idea that violence is perfectly justified just because somebody provided a shitty phone experience almost physically sickens me. How about 'Root Null'? With a name like that, their systems would tremble. Marriage is marriage, no matter how good one's job is. TempleOS would beg to differ.