This is a market cap ranking. Even Microsoft ranks on this list. Put it in perspective: if you define big by "actual revenue" (as the Fortune 500 does), Microsoft doesn't break the top 40. At ~10Bn+ in revenue, Google wouldn't make the Fortune 100. Sort the Fortune 500 by profit and Google still isn't in the top 20. Market cap is a measure of the market's expectations for future profit. But it's not a reliable one. Where's Qualcomm and Tellabs now? I agree, but market cap is a far worse metric. For whatever it's worth to you, you will readily get more than 5 minutes of semi-solicited opinions about your prospects and strategy from any VC manager or partner you talk to. You may even score customer introductions. The solid "yes" or "no" is a major feature of the YC process though. No. Other Navies have apparently routinely snapped periscope-depth/range pictures of US warships. This isn't news. It's not even evidence that the Chinese were undetected. And not in Vista. And, so what? This attack is important to cryptographers. It's not important to you. Anyone who can exploit this problem can also backdoor your machine. Why is this supposed to be funny? Not if it's what the market bears. ... and? Rails forks. It's slow even for a Ruby framework. You could beat both ErlyWeb and Rails handily in C, if your priorities were that far out of whack. Nobody uses Rails for its speed. They spent $6MM on infrastructure pre-revenue. The investors didn't pull the plug anywhere nearly fast enough. Did you just say a $25MM A-round is a tiny amount by today's standards? I don't know what that paragraph you wrote means, but $25MM is, in 2007, a very large A-round. Are these reviews by the same team that tried to clone Quicksilver for Windows and wound up with nothing more than Launchy set in Garamond? It's not an ad-hominem when someone publishes a critique of X, and you allege that they haven't demonstrated that they are qualified to critique X. In this case, it might be WRONG to allege that. But it's not an ad-hominem. I was being deliberately rude and snarky about Humanized, who, let it be said, can choose contrasting color saturations with the greatest of ease, and can "collect user interface evidence" circles around my command-line ass. But I agree, I think their attempt to position Enso versus Quicksilver is weak. If Quicksilver was ported to Windows, nobody would use Enso; the marginal cost of that particular value prop for Windows users is already zero, and Quicksilver's "search-and-act" idiom is just more sophisticated, and makes a greater contribution to UI design, than does Enso's. Sorry, command completion? Not revolutionary. And, hey, what's with "a direct clone of Quicksilver would be out of place on Windows"? No it wouldn't. It would be more appropriate. Quicksilver on the Mac competes with a lot of well-thought-out workflow that already exists in the OS X interface. Quicksilver on Windows would add far more value. And the QS "search-and-act" idiom is universal. Have you used Quicksilver? You should. It's pretty amazing. This is a low. Ok, let's all have a debate about neurosurgery! What a fatuous observation. Yes, if only Godin had thought to build an auction site, like OnSale did, he'd be a billionaire. Or a search engine, like Infoseek and Teoma. Or an ordering system, like Cybercash. You mean "Network effect", don't you? I think he buries it in "Deepness". How do you downmod "Will it Blend"? Reexamine your priorities! I'm not saying you're wrong; I'm saying there's a hoary old cliche that you can use to communicate the same thing: "He forgot to add Network Effects". Ebay relies on a network effect; Amazon doesn't. I don't imagine that he forgot it; I think he's assuming most web startups rely on it. He is, after all, Pyra, Odeo, and Twitter. This is really a tempest in a teacup. NSA influenced a NIST standard; MSFT implemented the NIST standard. Dual EC is not default behavior for Vista. There's no evidence of a deliberate backdoor, and most of the failure modes for crypto RNGs involve a threat model you don't care about: someone who can read/write memory from arbitrary processes or the kernel. Another fatuous attempt at scorekeeping. Everyone has a sorry history at startups. It's a simple bias that focuses your memory on the rare successes. No! NO NO NO. Not 5. He said 10. Nobody's doing 5. Who uses email for 5 minutes? 10's the key number here. 10 commandments! 10 doors! 10, man, that's the number. 10 chipmunks twirlin' on a branch eatin' lots of sunflowers on my uncle's ranch! Step into my office! Apple uses Scheme in the new Leopard security scheme. There is a residual talent pool of generally undervalued developers in every urban area that is not Boston, NYC, Seattle, and San Francisco. Lots of smart, ambitious people simply cannot relocate to trendy areas. There are fewer startups, and fewer resources for those startups, in Minneapolis. However, that doesn't mean there are no startups there. Meanwhile, cost of living and competition differences in underutilized areas make startups in underhyped areas more efficient and easier to staff, up to a point. I really wonder how much this meme about how much easier it is to staff in San Francisco comes from social ineptness. It always seems like the people infected with it simply can't conceive of recruiting in any way except national job postings and IRC. Our last 3 hires came from meetups we organized. Finally, if you're really freaked out about finding developers, put your money where your paranoia is: hire remote devs. Yeah, that's where it's from. So is there a post somewhere with actual evidence? Or is it equally likely that the aliens in the employ of the US DoE's Paranormal Task Force have bought and backdoored Verisign? 10 bucks says this conspiracy theory finds its roots in some company owned by In-Q-Tel, the gasp CIA's gasp VC fund. You people sure are gullible. Oh, wait. Call the EFF! The fun part about talking about the NSA is that you don't have to exercise critical thinking; you just propose counterfactuals, citing the NSA's "huge budget". "Of course they could be monitoring Hushmail". "Of course they could be monitoring the Internet." "Of course they could be monitoring all our phones." "Of course they could have chips implanted in our brains". I mean, after all, they're the NSA! I don't know about toxicity of value systems, but there's no more toxic form of debate than a semantics argument, which is what this essay devolves to. This argument seems entirely emotional. Rubinius matters because it "feels more joyful" when you know you can't do better by writing in C? News flash: that's going to be true no matter what VM you host Ruby on. What's your point? The irony, if you can call it that, is that only in the Rails community could someone make a name for themselves by writing a web server in Ruby. You mean, like every intrusion detection system ever built? Leagues funnier than XKCD has been in months. And didn't even play the "Reddit readers never have sex" card. Parsing protocols with parser generators is not an original idea, despite the fact that it's one of the top 3 value propositions Zed Shaw has for Mongrel. Lots of important technology makes no money, and is a poor investment. Do Prototype, Mochikit, or Twisted have VC funding? We foresook the quest for VC funding 2 years ago, and think it's one of the best decisions we made. But having said that, I've held key roles at 3 VC-funded startups, and at none of them was $1MM in revenue a predicate. At $1MM/yr (in product revenue), you're already funded. I can't do anything with this "information". It seems utterly arbitrary. If you're looking for excuses not to do a startup, you're kidding yourself. Actually starting one up is going to give you incontrovertable evidence that you shouldn't be doing it, and there's no way you're going to be able to work through it. Leave entrepreneurship to the crazy people and get back to your job. I read this article for literally all of 5 seconds before getting pissed off. The answer to this "question" is simple, but you can get 1500 word blog posts voted up for it because nobody wants to hear the answer, which is (1) build a viable startup, and then (2) quit your job. Or! If you're daring and an extremely excellent salesperson, you can try (1) quitting your job and then (2) starting a company. If you need to think past either of these two strategies before "deciding" whether to start a company, you're not going to start a company. Also? Arguing for a raise, and then quitting 3 months later after mentally checking out of your job for 3 months? Bit of a dick move. Compressed binary radix tries (also known as PATRICIA trees) give you excellent memory usage characteristics and pretty much optimal search time characteristics: both wins come from only storing the edges corresponding to significant bit differences. Since hash tables by necessity have to allocate enough storage to keep table load down and minimize collisions, you could find a PATRICIA tree has even better memory footprint than whatever hash table you use. Of course, all data structures share the DoS problem. There's an input to a PATRICIA tree that pessimizes lookup and memory usage: the one that creates a full 32 bits of fanout for every key. In all cases, the attack degrades performance to linear search. Of all the "mainstream" data structures, balanced binary trees are probably the hardest to attack this way. It's funny that everyone thinks of "the evil company" when they make decisions like this, but never talk about what they're doing to their coworkers. You're correct. Surely I'm not arguing that. That would be a stupid argument. What I am arguing is that deliberately stiffing your employer for a raise while spending all your real cycles building your own company can fuck over your teammates. Look, you just said you agreed it was a dick move. Great! Do you agree with what you yourself said, or not? This is an awesome, awesome, awesome book. Aguri isn't in it; aguri doesn't even rate for this book. That's how awesome this book is. Hash tables are NOT O(1). You just failed the job interview. You're like the 4th person I've seen that read (some) of this article and pulled this tree vs. hash thing out of it. It's a throwaway point. Binary trees provide comparable performance to hash tables, but also provide efficient access to ranges of keys. Binary trees support more operations efficiently than hash tables. The article isn't about some war I've declared on hash tables. I am, of course, an idiot; you can't make a PATRICIA lookup worse than O(k).