I have one big problem with fingerprint authentication (really, any sort of biometric authentication). If I lose my password I can reset it. If I give out my password, either accidentally or under duress, I can change it. If someone wants something so badly as to copy (or take) a fingerprint, there's no way for me to "change" that password. The atmosphere of Mars is over 95% CO2[1] which I imagine could support the propagation of bacteria. The Moon doesn't have much of an atmosphere at all (a trillionth of what the Earth has).[2] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_Mars [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_the_Moon Initial platform choice aside, I think this was the right course of action. For three of you (all technical?), launching on two high-quality platforms simultaneously would be asking for trouble. For those of us that don't have our iPad in front of us at the moment, could you explain the Bento IAP is and what we get for that $15? > I guess, but Zookeepers could also potentially talk about "What are the pros and cons of Gorillas vs Sharks?" And on an appropriate forum with as many readers as SO/SE you'd likely get well-thought out responses going far into detail regarding purchase cost, habitat maintenance, prevalence of skilled keepers, etc. Someone who actually was deciding whether to add a Gorilla enclosure or a shark aquarium would find it a very enlightening post. I understand you created SO/SE and want to see it move in a certain direction, but closing and deleting questions you don't like because it threatens your "science-in-the-small" goal is, I think, a terrible way to go about it. (FTR, I understand Jeff is not personally going around deleting stuff on the site) Thanks for the reply, Stefan, but I think you misunderstood what I meant by "appropriate" (thought I understand your use); I meant the zoological equivalent of SO/SE (Zoooverflow?) There's a world of difference between "I want to learn Perl or Python, what are the pros and cons of each?" and "What's your favorite programming cartoon?" I think moderation efforts would be much better spent directing the answers to the open-ended questions away from monoglotist flame wars and toward an honest discussion (there's that word again) of something. I don't think anyone would complain about aggressively closing questions like the one you posited. As a programmer, I've also dealt with the programmer ninja rockstar gurus who think anything less than 90% equity for building on top of someone else's platform is a personal insult to them. There are just as many jerks with over-inflated egos on the programming side as there are on the business side. FYI I found a typo on your FAQ page: What if I purchased the least popular t-shirt multiple times? Nice going! You will receive a coupon giving you free t-shirts in the same quanity as your purchase of the least popular t-shirt. The important part is that the article - and ultimately, the funding - are because of 9gag users uploading stuff they find on r/pics and r/funny, even though they'd never admit that (much like most Redditors would never admit the majority of Reddit's memes either originated from or are directly from 4chan). I'm sure it's no accident that there are 37 projects. I'd be more interested to hear feedback from people who aren't featured in the ebook. Looks interesting to say the least. FYI I did the Symfony demo, then signed in with Google and got a 404 error. It did save my progress, but I had to re-authorize before I could get back to the list of languages. Fantastic product, though. I see myself using this a lot. Any chance of a C# version coming along? This is an important question I think should be answered Tambur.io looks great. Another alternative if someone is looking for hosted SSL on a free plan would be Buddy http://www.buddy.com/pricing/ , free for the first half million API calls with unlimited applications. Pretty steep at $250/mo for 500,001-10MM calls. IIRC that's already something Facebook does with regard to the feed (as you mentioned). Say you get a friend request from someone you went to HS with, but outside of accepting the request you never interact with them on FB. They could post every day but you'd likely never see it. I would imagine that the strength of the intersection of their graph with yours would play a role in this as well. Can anyone who works at FB comment on this? I'd imagine this is one of the back-end engineering problems the developers there would enjoy working on. > Unfortunately SaaS doesn't work for us > I recommend you to use Zendesk Come on I'm somewhat curious why this spam hasn't been downvoted into oblivion. Am I the only one that's bothered by seeing that red dotted underline for ANonce, SNonce and Ack? As edw519 pointed out, I didn't do my research before making that flip comment. I didn't mean any offense by it and I apologize. I'm not a fan of loopholes either, but they exist and it'd be ridiculous to expect those able to not to take advantage of them. They'd just be burning off a percentage of their income. Everything Romney's done has been legal, if impolitic. I challenge everyone acting like he's the antichrist to show us their tax returns where they made a gift deposit to the US Treasury, because that's essentially what a lot of people expected him to do. I think if you were to look at all college dropouts (not just those that leave to go to SF) you would see it's certainly not a symptom of success. There are definitely successful people without degrees but it is the exception rather than the rule. It also depends on your definition of successful. By most definitions (including mine) this guy isn't. YC may change that, but it may not. I don't think it will have much to do with his degree, or lack thereof. If he lets you. Please take this with a grain of salt - I could only find it on Alternet[1] and I looked for the Gallup source they're referencing but shouldn't find it. The article is from December of 2011 as well. In the top 1% of US households (those with an income above ~$550,000 a year according to this article, but I've seen lower-end figures ranging from $380-660k/yr), 72% have a college degree v. 31% of the lower 99%. "Nearly half" of the top 1% has some form of post-graduate education v. less than 1 in 5 of the 99%. A lot of the 1% are CEOs, licensed professionals (JDs, MDs) and Wall Street executives, all positions the require baccalaureate or postgraduate degrees in almost every case. [1] http://www.alternet.org/story/153341/10_fun_facts_about_the_... I was being facetious, but this is actually an excellent point. Perfect example of something that's been available for ages but people somehow think they need a shiny web app (SaaS with a monthly subscription, of course) to do. Could this have something to do with the superstitious aspect of baccarat? The fact that the deck has been shuffled before it got to the casino but not even the casino itself has any way of knowing the order? The article mentioned superstition, but I've never played baccarat myself. No offense, but just about everything in your comment is wrong. Your argument that suits are dead is way off the mark. Maybe in San Francisco it's not expected to wear a suit to a job interview or to meet with clients, but in every job I've ever worked at the men were expected to wear a suit and tie more often than not. Your 1% comment doesn't make any sense to me whatsoever. Are you saying that only households making over $340k a year[1] would spend that much on a suit? My first job out of college was for $28k a year in a city. I had to spend much of that first year buying $600-800 suits because that's what I was expected to wear. I have friends that make what I make now and gladly drop twice what I would on a suit. It doesn't have anything to do with income. I believe this was mentioned elsewhere, but a $4,000 suit isn't mainly about income or wealth, it's about taste. Pick up any $4,000 suit from a custom clothier and hang it up next to a $350 suit from Men's Wearhouse. You will absolutely be able to tell the difference from the other side of the room. [1] http://www.bankrate.com/finance/taxes/top-1-percent-earn.asp... Maybe it's just me, but wearing jeans to a wedding or funeral and not wearing a jacket and tie to a interview immediately signal disrespect and that the guest/candidate is too lazy to put in the requisite effort. Maybe the weather has something to do with that as well? I live in a very temperate part of the Northeast. Is Stripe that other provider? I've been contemplating switching but I agree with your sentiment that PayPal's fraud detection is the best available right now. I'd definitely be interested in seeing a write-up about integrating Stripe with third-party fraud detection systems. I didn't see this, I apologize. I will submit my question there. Thanks! "The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy." Is this book appropriate for someone who has never used Heroku before or is it geared toward folks who have beginner-level experience with it? Try using http://hnpickup.appspot.com/ This is an excellent point and one you should send to Stripe if you haven't already. No sarcasm intended, but how can you justify paying $65/mo for something like Chargify? Does it offer some value that I'm not seeing on their site? If this page is any indication of the actual app, I'm actually looking forward to paying for it. What exactly does one's gender have to do with using these tools? I do wish I had caught that before it was deleted. That is a good point; having some code to look at (or even copy) before writing my first ticketing application could have easily saved me a few hundred hours. Still, $65/mo seems a bit much. Best of luck, though. Was Arash central to choosing to invest? What I mean is do you think you would have passed if he hadn't found a co-founder by the interviews? I live in a small Pennsylvania borough with an operating budget of about $1 mil/year (this includes all services for the entire borough of 3-4 precincts). Our police department is 8 full-time officers and 3 part-time officers with I believe 2 full-time admin/support staff in the office. We have 5 cruisers, 4 SUVs and at the last borough council meeting the council approved the purchase of a 6th brand new cruiser and a new fleet of AR-15 style rifles for the officers. Because America. No way this goes more than an hour or two without being closed. Daisy, does this take into account costs such as maintenance, home repairs, etc or is it strictly financial in terms of rent payment v. mortgage payment? The center may be whiter but they get that terrible grey circle on them. I seriously doubt they just up and decided to take all your money. What policy or agreement did you violate? > Having a massive buying power, the prices of these basic products will be much, much cheaper than any grocery store. No, it won't. You think a startup will have more buying power than WalMart? Giant? Even smaller chains like Weis or Kroger's would blow it out of the water in terms of monthly product purchased. If you were specializing in a niche market like luxury types of foods this could probably work. I agree that it'd likely take someone with experience in logistics/SCM to pull it off but there is a market for it. I originally started consulting in 2009 after being laid off; I had a client in two days (acquaintance already) at $50 an hour. Three and a half years later my advertised rate is $125/hr or $800/day, with a few clients being grandfathered into lower rates (usually only if I know they're on a tight budget and have a decent amount of work in the pipeline). Don't misunderstand me: I have lost clients because I raised my prices. Maybe that was a failure on my part to adequately explain the reasoning behind the increase and the value they were getting. Regardless, those aren't the kinds of clients I want anyway. I don't want to deal with someone complaining their invoice is $1480 instead of the $1450 I estimated. Obviously not the OP but I'd like to offer my experience. I've told every client of mine they'll get a 15% payment off any referral's first contract (ongoing if it's a retainer), and offered the same deal to many friends who know the business I'm in. I haven't gotten a single call or email about it. If people like you, they will refer you to everyone who will listen. If they don't, they'll talk bad about you to even more people. Offering a few hundred dollars or even more is, in my experience, not going to sway them one way or the other. Never tried it, but I've also never met a professional recruiter who knew anything about our industry. Looks like a shotgun to me, but the image is blurry.