That, and that governments do what they promised they would do in the Paris agreement. It should really not be that controversial. Off topic, I'm wondering, do people on here tend to have subscriptions to sites like wsj.com that are behind a paywall or is there a known way to get past it without one that I just don't know about? > That being said, the dismissive use of 'Happy Pills' is a bit problematic IMO, for some that is the most effective way to heal depression 100% agree. For some of us, a low dosage SSRI is all it takes to unclog the brain and start the healing process. This video shows the thrust and motion vectors: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HyJHX6MZOWg > Even if every car on the road had the ability to respond instantly to the car ahead, being forced to brake hard still risks loss of control especially in bad conditions Driving on the road is not some kind of high speed car chase. If one had left enough space to the car in front based on the current road conditions and speed one wouldn't have to brake hard. Anyone can adjust their speed to increase the distance to the car on front. Often arguments sound like driving too close or too fast are inevitable facts of life. Right now that's Signal. The same way you could be on Facebook and not being radicalized at all. At the end of the day it's people who chose to be misinformed, who chose to not question, not look elsewhere, not to be skeptic about how content is making them feel. Facebook just shamelessly takes advantage of people's shortcomings, for profit. Is this wrong? Am I misunderstanding anything? I'm genuinely curious. I feel that it's a choice because it's under our control what we do. We chose to believe, we chose to hate, to judge. Believing everything FB puts in front of you in their feed is just lazy. We have to do better than that. Absolutely, it's more than just Facebook but also other social platforms and "news" outlets. And in some countries definitely the political class as well. They struggle with the size of their mobile apps so they've got that going for them For me that's still what it's best at and what it should focus on. "Paper", Signatures, Password, to me that feels like they're desperately trying to find something to not just be a reliable external hard drive for people. Oh and of course their number one ambition, trying to convince me to upgrade to whatever more expensive plan they have. What?!? I have to try that. I hope I can get my codes out of Authy somehow. Looks neat. Hopefully it'll be available on non Apple devices someday. > All data is encrypted even if is stored in iCloud, so you never have to worry about nasty hackers. That looks like there's a word missing or something. Are you implying that the Switch hardware isn't good enough for its games? I have yet to play a game that doesn't run well. Maybe I should try Witcher 3. One day we might see an article like this, marking the beginning of the end. Looking back 1y+ I wouldn't have thought that something so life altering was about to happen, yet it did. I remember news stories about a respiratory illness but didn't think much of it. Now I often read news stories, hoping that that's not going to be the next headline I don't think much of of, but will think back to in a year's time as something horrible that has happened. I think parent is talking about professions where the scientific method is followed. It's not about how "sophisticated" something is. I remember my partners parents saying the same about star fish population around Hornby island. The time frame matches up as well. Do what you want others to do as well. Yes you can't change everything yourself, but as a community you can. This is a problem of individualism. You can't fix that with more individualism. While I don't agree on the premise here. There's never gonna be the one thing solving the whole problem. It's gonna be the sum of a million little things. Don't let good be the enemy of perfect. For many it was the prospect of metadata being sent to WA's big brother Facebook. Personally I don't want anything to do with the FB ecosystem so I deleted my WA account. I didn't have anything against WA per se, I really like the app , just the connection to FB is unacceptable. Obviously not "absolutely every company in America does this", this sounds like an attempt to normalize it. It makes me sad to time and time again learn that the low prices of services I love are unsustainable and instead subsidized by treating someone unfairly downstream. I wish I could be told what the ethical price for something is and I might actually pay it. And if that price is too high, then maybe that service shouldn't exist in the first place. That's right. I don't think I said otherwise. Any reason you couldn't replace "Postgres" with "a database"? I didn't find anything Postgres specific other than maybe "SELECT FOR UPDATE SKIP LOCKED" which you can do without. Using some equivalent, yes I recently switched to Click from argparse and like it better so far. > That said, the bands will almost certainly be collecting a lot of data. That might include incredibly fine variations in typing patterns; overall levels of bodily tension; and any biometric information captured by fitness tracking sensors, augmented reality glasses, and other tech that could be integrated with the bands. Why on earth anyone would hand over that much personal data to a company like Facebook is beyond me. We all have to do a better job at educating non tech people of the implications. Why did I just spend 2 minutes on that?! Given that the list of organisations [0] consists of public and private ones, your statement reads somewhat disingenuous to me. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_House_press_corps I think you're right if you are actually able to get ms or μs but as far as I know the unit your getting most of the time in python is second. Maybe they scaled back in just a bit too much /s How would a self driving car "change humanity as we know it"? Sure it might make travel by car suck less but not in any significant way that would change humanity in any meaningful way. At least not outside of a very narrow bubble we might be a part of. More and more I appreciate Signal for what it is. A no nonsense (okay, stickers) messaging tool for people that know each other in real life. I hope it never changes into something "social". This here happens on the retrieving side so clients can get a different "view" of the data. You're 100% right. I'm just worried that by going more "social", chances increase of Telegram going the same way as WhatsApp and Instagram. Your example is way better than what AWS has on their page (marketing, analytics) which made me think immediately: you shouldn't use a file store for that but a database. Personally I rather it didn't, yes. Being sold to Facebook just means I have yet to switch messengers again. I think Athena has to get a lot less expensive for that to become true. I very much doubt that. There is no serious movement with that goal. It's a bit more subtle where I live but rest assured, even the unmarked van, the yellow vest, it's pretty obvious even without the Amazon logo. I agree. In a way that's one of the strengths of SOLID in my opinion. All places I've worked at had slightly different versions of what e.g. SRP meant. And that's ok. It's a way to make sure your team writes code in a way their teammates would expect. Whether that's objectively good code or not doesn't matter as much to me. Do you have a source for that? > Because otherwise how do you know when they suddenly change their script to do something entirely different? Even though it's inconvenient maybe we should treat it as just another 3rd party dependency that needs to be downloaded, screened, and then used from the internal store. Pretty dangerous to dynamically load a script from a site like facebook.com. I wish we could collectively accept that meat consumption is a huge ecological and environmental problem our planet is facing and simply transition to a more sustainable, vegetarian diet. Reducing the effect that industrial meat production has on the environment is great and it's something we as humans do, improve the negative effects of our behavior when instead it would have far greater effect to change our behavior instead. > z3 is tested on python 2.7 Yikes! I have to admit, just yesterday I changed my phone notifications to audibly (sound or vibration) notify me only for calls of any kind. Signal still gets a silent notification with no details but every other app, including email, doesn't really deserve my immediate attention. Will that piss some people off? I doubt it but maybe. Will I spend less time on my phone, for sure! It's hard to believe that the behavior we saw can be reasonably explained by demand. Interesting, what's the benefit over exposing the port through Docker? > She also dressed as a Native American at a Halloween party as a teenager. As someone who grew up in Germany, this made me chuckle, as probably 50% of children did this at least once in their life where I lived for "Fasching". The other half were cowboys.