Hey a game! Disclaimer: not a native english speaker, i might lack vocabulary and do some grammar mistakes. 1/ I have no idea of what a protected group is. A discriminated group however, depends on where you live. Erythreen jews in israel are discriminated against by the “dominant” group (white conservative isreali). Chinese suffer discrimination in some parts of India and Philipines, while people from Philipines suffer some in China (sorry, no idea how englsh call them). Past oppression is only relevant if some discrimination is done because of this (Hello Rwanda). Let’s take South Africa. Past oppression was relevant even after Nelson mandela because the culture was still related to the apparteid. This is less true today, so this is not as relevant now (my question: how did you not figure this on your own? Do you like asking leading question that much?) 2/Leading question, again, nice. None. But people in discriminated groups should have an easier time joining profession that brings power or visibility, so related to law (even if it is as paralegal), politics or television, or company management. Again with the S.A example, the culture changed because there were more and more black people in courthouses, politics and at the head of national companies. The fact that there is some racial inequalities there come from class inequalities (not the subject here) and not racism. 3/ What agenda? 4/ None. I don’t see your point there, it might be lost in translation. 5/ What? Why would you punish statement made at work? Except if there is a client (let’s say, the state want to buy your product, and you say “public worker are paid doing nothing” to his face, get ready to be fired or put in a closet). Is this a leading question? 6/ Victims are defined by law in my country, i don’t know about the us though. I’d define “offensive” a statement that i would not say out loud to all my friends or family. Like “i find that any theism is dumb as f…”, which i would never say to my grandmother, despite being my real feeling, is offensive. 3rd part is a leading question, but my response is that i do not care about you and you can tell whatever you want to anyone, but if you say the previous sentence to anyone and get called out, i would not help you 7/ I’m not advocating for anyone, but i can see (in my country anyway) that some people (obese people) have it worst than anybody in some places (hospital mainly). I defend them orally with my friends and on internet when i feel like it (not often in english though). Well, since i’m 20 i don’t really hang with anybody that would judge people for their looks (because its tiring /time-consumming to defend people i’m not related too for no reason but my personal ethic) but i did that. 8/ Do you know that apostasia is punishable by death in pakistan, but not in other countries (tunisia come to mind), and in some, nobody cares. So it depends on WHERE you live, obviously. Do you feel that in USA/UK, the way most of the people treated Cat Stevens/Yusuf Islam when he choose, after nearly dying twice, to change his religion, was justified/ subjectivly fair/fair isn’t the question? Where i lived, no one cared about this. So probably MORE protected if you live surrounded by dumb a-holes, about the same else. 8bis: Sorry about the passive-agressive subtitle there, i might have no personnality and just mimic the way of expression of the people i’m talking to. 9/ Well, you can see my response in 6/. Yes, there is studies that make correlation about IQ and how religious people feel, still, making any remark about that out loud (or on a forum where religious people gather, on a video about gregorian chant) is just rude. 10/ Depending on where you live, discriminated people are not the same, so i don’t really care. I spent entire vacations with my racist cousin, we had no problems. He is quite honest with his hate and while i disagree, i still quite like him. Honestly, most of those are leading question and i decided early to go away from people i perceive as manipulative, so i would never hang out with you anyway, but we could coexist just fine. 11/ No, i don’t care about the majority, i’m old enough to think on my own. 12/ Sorry, how does work safety come with guilt and social pressure? I think this is manipulation, but w/e. Guilt and social pressure are sadly two educational levers, that are used and abused with children in school quite often (and in dog training too). Using it against adult are less effective, but it still works for some reason. I do hate this way of doing things, but whne i was a youth camp consellor, i had to use social pressure to make activities run smoothly. I’m still feeling guilty about it. I disliked doing it because i feel this was dishonest, even if this was the easiest way to get thing started. Those questions being a bit dishonest, are you feeling a bit guilty about it or do you feel its fine being dishonest to try to convince people they are mistaken (or do you think those question where objectively honest and i’m mistaken)? It was an interesting game, thank you. Its not really a bad choice, but writing really good c++ is hard (sightly less with the newer versions, but still). You can use the same performance tricks that a C dev will use to make your code faster, plus a whole lot of new tricks, some doing exactly the same thing (but not the same way). This is not a problem if your team is used to work together and have a common codebase they already wrote together, for for OS project (like linux), its a bad idea. And in my opinion, writing optimized c++ code is waaaay harder than writing optimized C code (almost each time i had to optimize c++ code, it ended looking like c with classes and weird pointers)(Disclaimer: i'm bad with OOP, it might be just me). Anyway, Google is supposed to have good c++ devs, with experience coding together, so this is not a problem for them, i think. Another issue is that the compilation is slow compared to C, but i don't think its an issue for Google either. [edit] Yes, binary size can be a problem too, forgot about that. But if you only use basic libraries, i don't think your binary will grow that much, right? Disclaimer: while i'm not a physicist, i happen to date one working for plant security/contamination at Areva. The claim about 70k tons of nuclear waste being uranium is frankly misleading. The author have to be aware of this, so i will not expand the discussion (because it could give him credit), but please be aware that the main part of nuclear waste is contaminated equipement, so very much not uranium. In France, we consume several tons a year of screwdrivers hand hammers, and while our yucca montain equivalents are working, this is still a pain in the ass to get rid of this stuff. Maybe someone can explain how John Oliver is wrong, but please don't trust anything this guy write. i don't know much about nuclear waste, but if i am aware of this, there is no way a "specialist" is not. Yes, but most of nuclear waste is metal and plastics. Screwdriver and stuff. The guy that wrote the article either don't know anything about nuclear plants (well, less than me so almost nothing) or is misleading everybody on purpose. Either way, wait until someone reliable and knowledgable talk about this to forge an opinion, this is bullshit to me (and im a pro-nuclear guy) Elsevier taking "too much" money is incidental, and not the main problem in science right now. And this Scihub solution do solve this incidental issue and more, but this is a fraction of all the issues in science (i can't explain this very well in english, so i won't, but the eastern/western culture clash, ego war, bureaucraty, lack of good HR that lead to depressed/apathic scientist, and the publishing race are some other issues not solved yet). But this is not communism (i know lot of people in the US are confused by this, even the people that call themselve communist) but rather anarchism ("Libertaire" in french that is a left-wing libertarianism) with the idea that science is one of the common good. This new-wave anarchism take some old idea from Proudhon and enhance them. So you let behind the idea that private property is evil, but private property of the common is. You have the idea that people can't own what is used by other people. So you can have a hundred appartments in a big city, but you can't rent them. You can sell them, speculate on them, but you cannot rent them. And since it is anarchism, a more distributed/less powerfull government is needed too. On the point of "no private ownership of the common good", this seems like communism, yes (Communism come from anarchism somehow), but communism is the idea that the state have to regulate this, scihub is not on any level a state initiative. Sorry for the messy thoughts again, conversationnal english is a bit hard for me Well, he earn his life well enough, have a really decent and cheap healthcare, and free education for his kids, what need those millions would fill? Honestly, in any european country, winning around 60k per year (as an employee) or 100k (as a business owner), if you are not living in Paris or London, is enough to provide you a carefree life. You don't need to sell yourself for more. While its a false generalisation, most of modern philosophers specialized on morals/ethics whether they are utilitarists or not agree that excluding the intolerant (more like banning intolerant behavior) is beneficial for the "common good". From an utilitarist point of view, this isn't even a question: intolerant behavior leads to less people being happy (not even talking about hypotethical fights resulting of intolerance, just people feeling excluded), therefore it should be banned. But the abandonment of free speech by _private_ company, while worrisome, is very understandable. Internet and the SV made everyone more utilitarist. A lot of CEO (or website owner) think that way: it may not be very legal, but since it reduce cost and make more people happy than it make people unhappy, it should be fine. But from an utilitarist point of view, intolerance have a huge cost and create more unhappy people (not talking about violence, just people being the target of this intolerance) than happy people. Therefore, intolerant behavior should be stopped if there is some possibility. Now, of course this was a mistake, but this mistake is understandable. (I'm more of a negative utilitarist myself, but this work the same way) The thing : #1 was wrote by Popper, a rather known utilitarist (well, negative utilitarist: every action, instead of optimizing overall happiness, should aim to decrease overall pain). There is a lot of modern philosopher that agree with this as well. This is a catchphrase, it doesn't refer to what you read but to the reflexion behind (like "i think therefore i am" refer to cartesian doubt and that you can doubt of anything except the fact tht you exist). HS: The main issue with that, a sentence that resume an "essai" (don't have a clue about the english translation), is that people that do not know what philosophy really is. Let's be honest, if it is taught as well in the world than in France, almost nobody knows. So most people misunderstand what it really means, while some of the other use this knowledge to put people down. Even writing this, i'm pedantic, and i really don't want to be, so imagine someone who like feeling full of himself? And that way, more and ore people hate philosophy and philosopher, and get disinterested. (i wrote like a hundred lines about philosophers in French media, but i'm sure no one care so i will refrain...) Holy cow. Great job. Sadly i'm busy even on weekends atm, but i'm bookmarking this and i will try to contribute when i find some time. I don't really like facebook, but the two reactions (putting it down and putting it up again) were appropriate. The first one show that the algorithm do its job, the second show that a human factor still exist. However i agree with the poster: if facebook do not put a mean to reach out in the put-down email, this is a mistake that should be fixed. I'm not using facebook (not since they had this anti-adblock stuff), but if it is always the second item for everyone, it should be quite easy to hide with a small greasemonkey script (that you don't even have to code yourself, someone probably already did). For the first question: https://github.com/ProtonMail/WebClient For the second, it is unlikely, spying on third party app is not in the ToS of android, and if google (or any big tech company, really) is caught doing something not in the ToS, it will cause a PR shitstorm. I have a Proton Mail account since 2014, but i never really used it. I might give it a try again today. You can't search content. This is the main reason i had trouble switching to ProtonMail in 3 years. I think the reason for this silence is mostly because this already have been reported on HN. And if PC and indignation is used by some as a "see how much of a good person i am", this might not be the case for everyone, especially on HN. (first time reported here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15471570 ) I agree with you in your comment that point that these disguised insults against trump are inappropriate here (saying this more directly could have better effect imo). But please, you seems to be a good guy, do not fall into the Tribal trap, whether it is "i must defend m own even if i'm wrong" or "He has opinions from the opposite side, he must be wrong on everything else". The people this man hang out with AND this symbol he wore are enough evidences that he support, even if it is a little, Nazi ideology. Since nowaday, nazi ideology has several sides, xenophobic, antisemitic, racist ant anti-feminist (i might forgot some), he might agree on at least one, and if you're dead set on defending him you can say he is only xenophobic or something, and the other part of neonazism, he doesn't support, but are you really believing that he wore this to say "i'm anti-communist"? If he did, he must have been seriously misinformed (and anyone this out of touch, honestly, deserve to be kicked of of any job that require you to understand history). Please do not go tribal on Hn. Yeah, i'm not from america but i'd favor a theory similar to 9/11, it could have been stopped but incompetency and paperwork allowed this to happen, hence the non-disclosure. Incompetency explain this as well as conspiracy, and respect Hanlon's razor: "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity". harassment is not always sexual harassment. Now i think she read way to much into his emails but honestly, i would never work with a guy like this. Either he is "socially inapt" like other commenters said, either he is a very manipulative guy. Tis is NOT a case of sexual harassment. He might be unknowingly threatening (best case scenario, the one i believe), or downright manipulative, either way she do not want to work with him. He joined her on the project and she offered to give him 2 of the 3 tickets then he started his passive-agressive emails. I got those from people i worked with too, every time i just left the project (mainly because it was never mine). This type of passive-agressive behaviour exist very much in tech, mainly because this behaviour is related with self-entitlment and goes well with smug personnalities. I always found it funny that the word "libertaire" (french translation of libertarian), come from the word liberal with the word "proletaire", and is now used to qualify some members of the american far-right. It was used to criticise liberal anarchism (Proudhon) because it was not socialist/egalitarist enough, and later inspired Marx (who built his theory of communism with anarchist fundation). So people in US that call themselves "libertarian" could change their names to "communists cousins", really. Well, if we are talking about recent great medical advances, i think Spain and France are leading right now with the discovery of CRISPR. And i'm pretty happy about this, if it were discovered by an american pharmaceutical company, no other laboratory would have even heard of this before a patented product hit the market, and every research on the subject would be subject to a patent too. Not if poor people have to work double hours to be able to live decently. I won't go deep onto the working mother issues (single mother with two job or mother with 2 jobs and a father with one but doesn't do anything with the kids as it is a "woman job") or how people working more than 50 hours a week is a net loss in productivity and a costly public health issue, but these problems can be solved with high enough minimum wages or universal income. Reading Marx (or some explanation of his work from different point of view) is interesting. I think most of his critics do not apply to this world but he do have an interesting point of view and adding some of his ideas into your personal philosophy. I found really good critics of Marx from a rather liberal philosopher. I forgot his name, it was at my college library, but i'm pretty sure that if you are interested in philosophy and in economics theory you should read some of his work. Well, i installed an IRC (well, mattermost actually,a glorified IRC) where my friends and i can discuss and keep everyone updated on latest news on tech and games. Honestly it's better than facebook (we can send each other snippet of code) and no one have to change the default setting to receive mails only when something interesting happen. Well, i feel its moral for me to pay all my taxes, and even though i also give money to charity, i don't use this fact to reduce my taxes, because i feel a lot of people need this money way more than me. This is socialism. But i could choose to pay less taxes, and i don't. Honestly i'm pretty happy with socialism right now, i lived in the bottom 20% for 23 years and still got to go to the hospital to get surgery at 3 y/o, my little brother did not die from his appendicite and my mother breast cancer was detected before it spread too much. I never suffered from malnutrition and access to free education allowed me to get into the top 20% with no debts while attending social gathering and studying in other countries thanks to erasmus. I agree that i don't have the choice on what my taxes will be used for, and this is a problem, but the other choice is to count on charity? to pray that everybody will act like homo economicus and take rationnal decision on how to improve everybody well-being without being greedy and acting like children? Sicilian orphanage is what you get when "charity" is in charge. I'd rather pay taxes and have the state manage that tbh. Now if someday, everybody become smart and decent enough, i would totally agree with you to ditch socialism et start a liberal anarchy. You could use less spite and disdain for your comment i think. You probably already know that convincing yourself that your outgroup is dumb and unqualified is a tribal ego-boosting technique, but a reminder never hurt. Well i actually got more from the government that what i put in, but at this very moment, i certainly give more than what i get, and even with kids in the picture i'd still give more. And even when my overall contribution to my country will be highr than what my whole family got (and it will eventually happen), i'd still be happy to pay my taxes so that other kids can have the same chances i had. I believe in meritocratic society and i don't see how to achieve that without socialism and some taxes until everyone stop being petty, greedy and/or self-centered. Then we can all be libertarian. Finally i'm an utilitarist (well, a negative utilitarist following Popper's definition) so my moral values are not abstract. I wish people stop with this glyphosate in food. The traces we cand find aare in small quantities and even if you eat the same quantity of lead, you should still be fine. The issue with glyphosate is the volatility, the fact that it stay in the ground, it can be absorbed through the skin (hence bad for farmers and people living near farms) but at least in europe, the quantities you can ingest are too small to endanger you. The fact that the main arguments of anti-glyphosate is this flawed argument, lobbies can easely convince the legislators that this argument have non-scientific ground (obviously) and should be ignored. Irak war was also a political loss, and the "reconstruction" (almost alone, without inviting former iraki interest holder, like Total, or emerging country like Russia and/or China) was a moral, political and tactical mistake, and made the US loose a lot of cultural influence imo, at least in France and Germany. But i agree that the confirmation bias in the article is obvious. Then, as it was said in another HN comment, make ISP liable like facebook and twitter are. They have to detect and prevent DDoS from their customers, detect and prevent malware, as well as child pornography and stuff. If they want to look at what you're sending and receiving, they should be liable for it too. If a law allowed all post office to take a look into your personnal mail, they should at least uses this power to prevent criminal activities. We trust the website we give our information to. It is https-based (else my browser will tell me) and probably using an ORM that will 99% of the time hash my password. But the javascript layer... Sorry, call me paranoiac, but i will never trust the javascript of a website. With no webdev experience, i was able to inject js (almost by mistake) three years ago. Moreover, is the js communicating with the backend using https too? How can i check that? Are those js library on the website server, or are they hosted by a third party? I can trust them, but how do i know that no attacker was able to modify those scripts? Yes, those risks are small, but i'd rather have ublock making those risks closer tho 0 than not, am i wrong? I disagree. Some of my friend and me were able to implement by ourselves RB tree algorithms by the 18th day of our month-long formation, and only one of us knew how to write code before this (and we almost reached his level the day before, when we implemented linked list algorithms in C). After this formation, we were able to write a hashmap algorithm that handled collision in less than a day and a half. I honestly don't think we would have been able to do the same if the tools we were given during our formation were python, php or javascript. I don't think resolving the philosopher dinner problem in Go can teach you much. In C, it does. The biggest advantage C have is that you start from nothing, so you have to understand everything. I would not understand BTrees this well if i did not first understand linked list. And i think the thing that taught me the most about OOP was writing a raytracer in C. I don't think anyone should go with a language that allow him to do bad OOP. In my experience, this lead to poor code in the beginning, even when this person is one of the most brilliant you ever met. People that learned with C (Pascal too) piss more straightforward code on average, and have better debugging skills. And they are more "aware" of the computer. PS: I did go C, assembly (had to rewrite some libc functions) then emacs lisp (before trying to write stuff in Common Lisp). I don't think going assembly will help a webdev much (even if he work mostly on backend), but lisp is definitly helpfull for anyone. Assembly is great if you like having some fun, but beside CTF and "that one time" (i had a really nasty C bug), the stuff i learned while writing assembly were not really usefull to me. From what a saw, exceptionnal people aside, those who learned to code with a language favorising bad OOP (most OOP languages, maybe with the exception of Lisp) write nasty code. Especially when they work with a language like javascript, but even with c++ or Rust you can easely find abominations. Everybody should learn proper data structure before learning OOP. I don't like Go, but i'd much rather work with an intern who was first taught Go than any OOP language, even one i like. OOP is a great tool, but people that learned with it have the tendancy to use it poorly and everywhere, and to use abstractions of abstraction when this is not needed. Maybe for you, it was not an issue, because you were brilliant enough, but for average devs like myself, it is. True. Glyphosate opponent target the fact that everybody ingest glyphosate (and that's supposed to be bad). But the dose we ingest (at least in western europe) is too small to be really dangerous, and i think this arguent is a bad one. However, i am concerned about farmer and gardener using the product, as well as kids living near them. Most natural pesticide and herbicide show bad affect on young people brain developpement. I would be really surprised if a chemical, more potent one was harmless. copy the spreadsheet, modify some code because the need is sightly different (or the spreadsheet need adjustment) and voila. Either it works just fine on the first time, either you just begun a one hour debugging session. To me excel is just fine, except when its not. A French bank lost 6 billion ten years ago because one market maker made false entry on a spreadsheat and no one in the back office noticed for more than 2 years. And the back office was not at fault here. (At least php usage allied with miscondonct never made a bank lose 7.2 billions: https://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/01/30/socgen_hack/ ) I kinda understand what you mean, but i don't get why it is relevant in this conversation, do you mind being more explicit? It's the second time rape is evoqued in two days, so i'll add my personnal anecdote. Both my parents were social workers, my mother as a psychologist, my dad as youth camp director (Not a summer youth camp, more like a permanent youth camp that help children (6-15) with difficulties manage their homework, organize football/basketball tournament after school...)). This line of work made them befriend a huge variety of people, especially a prison counselor and a judge specialized in minor protection. Well, the discussions when they came home were "fun". One of those discussion was about a young man who raped a young girl. The judge said something like "it's the first time i felt guilt and compassion from a rapist". It was disturbing, so i asked her to tell me a little more than this, and she told me that at most, rapists regrets being caught, regret "not being able to control themselves" but she can never feel sentiment over the victim except jealousy. The prison counselor and my mother agreed, and my mother even said that the boy might be either a really good faker, either an extreme case. Later i learned that the boy had a schizophrenic episode and was send to a mental hospital rather than prison (as he should). I have nothing to conclude this, but i do think personnally than most rapist should be on watch after a prosecution, and should be really costly. I don't think they can reform, and the only way second crime to be safe from them is to take them out of the society (aka long prison time). It's bad for german power in the EU, but i don't think it's a tragedy for the EU. The UK paid more to the eu than what he got back, that's a fact, but the right to trade European currency is what made the City this powerfull (compared to Paris, Franckfurt, Zurich). I'm pretty sure the taxes on income from displaced trading centers will make up for the "loss" for EU budget. Also, the skill loss for EU is almost nil, while UK will lose europeen skilled workers (and those contribute a lot to GPD). No its not, UK leave reduce EU negociating power, and isn't good overall. On the other hand, EU does not lose a lot of specialized workers with UK leave, so it will have little impact on industries (maybe in biotech and in finance). A German leave, on the other hand, would destroy EU economy. Grandparent is right however, in France, most people see that as a good thing (i don't). Exactly. I have nothing against adwalls or paywall, i might even pay to read the article if the quality is here (hello wsj). But i choose what's going onto my browser/computer. Someone remember this time when Forbes put an anti-adblock wall, then distributed malware-infested ads to some of its users? This is the reason why i use noscript: i don't trust all third party websites. When forbes infested its clients thanks to a third-party ad network that distributed malwares[1], i was smiling with shadenfreude. Maybe i'm self-righteous, but since 2005, blocking ads is for me a way to protect my computer. [1] https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20160111/05574633295/forbe... Project you can follow that link Unix comprehension, security and programming: -implementing malloc (C) -implementing nm and otools (C) (basics options only) -implementing a ftp server (a fork for each new connection) or a basic IRC-like server (maybe using ring buffers, and only non-blocking I/O if you want to write in C) -implementing ping then traceroute (in C obviously) (and nmap if you really want to push it). In security, do small and easy challenges, like nebula (less than a day if you already know your stuff, i'd think maybe ~3 if you don't) and protonstar (i already knew some of the exploits and it still took me 4 days). Don't do those challenges alone, find a friend to help you: a second brain can think of new solutions and allow you to explain what you want to do (and just by explaining you'll get closer to find why it doesn't work, or why it does). The other challenges are not worth it if you just want to get how basic security work imo. At my school we then had to program some stuff like ptrace or strace (i don't remember which), it's pretty helpfull too, and it help a lot understanding gdb. Ah, and prior to the challenges, we rewrote a small part of the libc (strlen, strlcat and stuff like this) in assembly, and it was pretty helpfull (decompilers are fine, but its easier if you know a bit about assembly, at least with protonstar). If you want to do it, chose like 5 easy functions then 5 function which might use rep string operations, and implement them, it'll take you ~2 days (most of those will be research and reflexion, and you can do that during classes, like most of the security stuff actually). I'll repeat myself, but if you're not crazy about security, i really advice you to work on this with a friend, security is boring when you're stuck (and really interesting when you're not) If you're convicted of pedophilia (or rape) in a country, you should not be allowed to be alone with kids (or women) in another (like Polanski in the western world, but other examples exist). Should you? But if you think that "passive" political action (i.e just being present at a rally, not being a speaker) outside a community should not have consequences inside the community, i think i agree with you (for now, i don't have put much thought into it, my opinion is not definitive). No, the way GDPR is written, the cost is null for most small startups in europe. And for the startups in need of personnal data, either the ammount of data that need protection is small (like a birth day field) and will need at most ~4 day (counting deployment) to be corrected, or they are working with state-related business (at least in France). Source: i'm currently paid to create ML and data analytic clusters for startups and to give some advices on regulation. I agree with you, but i can understand her point of view. Her coworkers are mostly male, so most of the braggart she talk to are probably male too, and this skew her view. This is not a skin color or gender issue, this is a cultural/civilisation issue. Most of the westerner tourists going to SE Asia are acting in a weird way, it doesn't matter if they are sexual tourists, backpackers or others. Respectfull, non-arrogant westerners are not that easy to find in SE Asia. This is unrelated but i think USA focus on gender and skin color for every subject is unhealthy. Yes, you have some issues related to those caracteristics, but you are forgetting about class and/or culture discrimination. the cost of GDPR is almost null for new startups. I provide infrastructure (and tech advice) for data analysts and data scientists (mainly, i also have DL and Blockchain projects) and only one project started last year needed more than a day worth of work, mainly because the infrastructure with both Hadoop and Elasticsearch was weird and the dev who put it together was gone. You're not wrong on electron: this tech allow devs to be lazy and we all know that when we are allowed to be lazy, most of the time we are. That said, electron can have a small fingerprint if the dev team is carefull/good enough, and is hte best option when your app have to be able to read HTML (and copy HTML formatted string). To me, an email client is a good way to use electron for an app.