I rather enjoyed "The Truth About Hacker news and Communists." Apparently, "All persons claiming to suffer from hacker news are in fact shape-changing aliens." http://www.verifiedfacts.org/i/hacker%20news/NDM1MTE Good luck to all! Hope the new size works out well too. This seems incredibly unnecessary, especially since I might actually use their exchange if they ran one. (More design chops than most of the abhorrent exchanges.) Though an alert() is a rather inelegant confirmation... This article inaccurately lumps all software companies into one bucket. As rohamg points out, he makes a black and white argument about engineering vs. sales politics, while the reality is that this differs a lot by company. In fact, many of the larger software companies seem to be driven primarily by sales (including, increasingly, Google). At the smaller companies (incl. startups), it absolutely makes sense for engineering to be of primary importance. At this level, being able to constantly adjust to customers' desires is essential, and an engineering emphasis helps with that. This also flies in the fact of the supposed arrogance of engineers. If anything, I think sales people are the more arrogant ones: they think customers just need to be sold on a product, while engineers understand iterating on feedback is key to growth. Beyond being extremely generic, his advice underplays the importance of deliberate practice at coding. Honestly, if you can hack, the jobs will come. Sure, you might need to network a little, but the skills are the basis. Nobody from my school with technical chops is unemployed or without good internships. Meanwhile all the students who network and promote themselves but don't code are stuck in unpaid internship after unpaid internship. Fair enough. I did the same in high school, and it's certainly a good start. However, if people really want to be hired, they should focus on developing serious tech chops. ie. more than just slicing PSDs. While his research is very interesting, I'm not sure Sid Kouider actually can say much about consciousness. He came to speak at my school and his philosophy basically boils down to "working memory = consciousness." However, this definition of consciousness is highly disputed. Specifically, it fails to account for any of consciousness's phenomenological aspects. One might feasibly construct a computer to simulate working memory, but it seems unlikely that such a mechanism would be truly "conscious." Ultimately, Koudier is attempting to answer with science what philosophy hasn't even yet established a framework for. I'm pretty sure increased urbanization accounts for a lot of it. Also, more exposure to international communities where not driving is normal. At least, that's my justification for never learning to drive. All I get from this is: 1) You can use buzzwords. 2) If I can cure cancer, I'll be rich. Great insights there. I wish these courses would be less newbish. I might not know Objective-C, but I know what a variable is. Not exactly sure how this article defends its headline at all. Considering that the author points to Motorola and Facebook Home as wins, his grasp of the tech scene seems rather weak. I think I'm confused on what the term freemium means. I always thought it meant a product with both a free and paid tiers. This doesn't seem to match with "For example, Freemium works really well when your user IS the product." Such services, like the Facebook example he cites, are free, not freemium. Right? It's called an IPO, and the structures are in place for a reason. Can you actually imagine the difficulty of keeping 170 million "investors" updated on the status of the company? You'd have to share so many reports, make sure everything is done fairly, release regular earnings. Oh, wait, that's exactly what the SEC requires for doing IPOs... Seriously though, it'd be a scary world where everyone is an investor. Most people just aren't qualified to understand risk and make smart decisions for the future of the company. Startups would end up with no revenue and people's investments would be worthless. Seriously, this has to be a joke. A very elaborate one, which half of HN is apparently playing along with... I mean, in Soylent Green it's all about "freeing your body" as well. Do we know that they send your password in plain text? Not technically. You can do client-side encryption so that only the hash is sent, via Javascript. I think interviews can often be a dicey proposition since ultimately an interview should be explicitly focused on the person. So if you just want general advice from them, an interview works well. But if you want to find out what the think about Thing X that you're making, an interview isn't really appropriate. Good piece. But why no attribution on the blatant paraphrase of another Madison quote? "If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary." Given that the police have decided to, essentially, wage war on the people why don't we try fighting back? The majority might not care, but "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world." (Margaret Mead) Dump money into personal lawsuits against officers committing negligent attacks such that they are financially ruined. Attend town meetings and demand sever cutbacks in the budgets of police departments acting this way. Put lobbying dollars to work and get change from the top down. Wonder how this relates to Random Hacks of Kindness? http://www.rhok.org/ I was hoping to find out whether I'm actually as lazy as I thought... :( I don't think this really speaks to any growth in that market sector. Rather, Google is just taking over the low-end sector with software which matches the abysmal hardware. Basically we're looking at the bifurcation of the market. People who can afford it have Apple devices and everyone else will end up with Google products subsidized by advertising dollars. Yet another miscarriage of justice. The entire line of logic seems to have been that because Apple's actions led to increased prices it must be a conspiracy. Amazon was, and is, the monopolist using classic monopolist tactics (lock-in, undercutting prices, etc.) to retain a monopoly. Of course once their monopoly was ensured they'd pivot to make a true profit if pesky Apple hadn't interfered: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/05/business/as-competition-wa... I can't help but feel that this was driven by politics/optics (to your average person, of course lower prices is better). List of fellows here: http://hackny.org/a/2013/06/hackny-announces-the-class-of-20... *was a fellow wget likely came pre-installed... I really don't see how this is an issue. Your friends have access to your contact information. When the delegate that access to Facebook, of course Facebook would log in. In fact, I've implemented systems similar to this in any number of apps—it helps to improve the onboarding experience of future users, and honestly isn't giving up any information which wasn't voluntarily shared. This looks awesome. What kind of traction have you seen? Anything getting sold for decent amounts? Reminds me how lucky I (we?) are to be free of the monotonous prison of every day life which most Americans are stuck in. So we can effectively say goodbye to a strong engineering culture at Google. With layers and layers of PMs, the best and brightest have no desire to entire their system. So Google's left with the academically talented individuals who don't have much initiative or drive outside of extremely narrow scopes. (So, innovation was killed by the bottom line.) In general, most developers have a lot of freedom in employment and can probably escape it given a little planning. This really doesn't seem accurate. I'm a professional developer who codes, and learned to code, using just a 13-inch laptop. Clearly large screens and fancy keyboards aren't always necessary. If anything, they impair actually learning. Inspired by codecademy? I totally thought the headline was referring to Campbell discontinuing their disgusting beverage. Sadly this news is much sadder. Right, but those are definitely the easier things to learn. It should certainly be simpler to memorize a couple keyboard shortcuts than to learn how to program... so just start with that simple task and the "hardware issue" is overcome. Feeling good that I spent the weekend learning Angular and Puppet. This is just insane, and sadly mirrors the experience of everyone I know interning in finance. But do they also treat their tech/engineering employees like this? I can't imagine an engineer working 80 hours on Wall St. when they could make quite good money Facebook, etc. as well. This author completely misses the value in the liberal arts, which I'm saying as a computer science major. Definitely my best decision was to study CS as part of a liberal arts curriculum (where 1/2 of my courses have nothing to do with CS). This is really how it should be done. Sadly, the liberal arts are dying out (or, in the case of the UK, don't exist at the university level). In such a system, I'd actually encourage people to study the arts, not engineering. It's easy enough to simultaneously learn to code and put bread on the table from that. (Most useful technical skills are learned outside the classroom.) Until the non-classroom resources for learning the liberal arts rival those for learning CS, in an either-or situation (like the author's) one should definitely study the arts. Really? Are we still talking about how OS X doesn't give you "full control over the system?" Given the popularity of Macs in the developer community, it's pretty clear that you have as much control as you desire—Unix has incredible power. And if you still somehow feel that OS X is actually constricting you (rather than just hiding advanced settings in the command line), you'd never be able to run Linux on a Mac. No, never... https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/MacBook As for the price component, if you're making your living off a computer I surely how you can afford a decent one. > Hence the reason for your need to put quotes around "full control over the system." Or maybe I put quotes around it because I don't agree with that assertion and it's a quote from the article... > And problems I've solved in the past on Linux are still problems to this day on OS X. Can you give me an example? I'm genuinely curious... > This ignores people starting out, or in different locations. Yet the author certainly could get a MBA, as he specifically references having one. That's not a counter to my point. Even if they're running Linux, it's more and more on a Mac. (And yes, I do see plenty of those.) And let's be honest here: more and more developers are web/app developers. ODBC doesn't seems like cheating to me. I can understand why you'd use Windows if you're using a Microsoft stack. At that point, there's no saving you. Definitely falling victim to this. And I think making a little money makes it even harder... when the fight/flight kicks in I flee to another country, thinking I'll somehow be happy there, but end up even more lonely. Disregarding the marketing bits, a good story. But there are a lot of actually good reasons to stay in an easy (ie. stupid) job if it's a temporary situation with an exit in sight. Specifically, when bootstrapping/moonlighting a startup you have no energy left for an overly intense day job. So stick with the crappy job until it's time to take your passion full time. So I'd suggest a modification to the old maxim: If you're the smartest person in the room, either leave the room or start to build a new one. Unfortunate story, but also very different than my experience with US border control. As someone who travels outside the US many times a year, including to somewhat odd places (last year has included Sudan, United Arab Emirates, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Malaysia, Ukraine), I've never had a single problem or spent more than a minute talking to anyone from customs or immigration. Of course, the TSA is another story. Sadly a majority of the American public is completely okay with being spied on. [1] Given that is the customer base for these tech companies, I don't see them fighting very valiantly, if at all. Especially when the government can put on pressure via political prosecutions. [2] 1: http://www.people-press.org/2013/06/10/majority-views-nsa-ph... 2: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Nacchio The experiment really doesn't match up with what they're saying. It's certainly well studied that making difficult decisions taxes you mentally, and it's not surprising that spending $1,500 is a more difficult decision for someone with a lower net worth. Where it falls apart is with the assumption that only the poor have to make difficult decisions. If anything, wealthier people spend a lot more time making decisions at work and receive commiserate cognitive load. Not sure working at McDonalds requires you to make any decisions at all. Even if we're going to pretend that financial decisions are the only decisions in life, I still think the poor might expend less cognitive energy. Frequently they are poor because they specifically avoid making financial decisions. (Hence that's not a cognitive load.) On the flip side, people with more significant assets have to make more significant/difficult allocation decisions, etc. The problem with the methodology is that it's based on density, which is far from all that matters. The fact that a startup industry exists within a larger industry doesn't really detract from the vibrant startup community. If anything, it enhances it. It's pretty telling that New York isn't even mentioned in that report despite there being areas in the city where every other office is a startup. I've often felt similarly, having worked on a number of remote projects. But at the end of the day our efficiency/productivity in making major decisions is much higher when we gather. Technologically, this is driven by 2 things: 1) Whiteboarding software just isn't there. I can't as effortlessly sketch something out and share it with remote people as I can on a physical white board (which is arguably as relevant to "software companies" as actually writing code). 2) Audio/visual latency still exists. Even if I closed my eyes, I could still tell who's in the room and who's not. Sometimes I'll come in just for a meeting because of this. I do think a happy medium exists in much smaller offices/coworking spaces where most people are WFH a lot but come in once a week for meetings. I'd like to be outraged, but it does seem like he deserves to serve time. He's not being prosecuted for providing information generally on how to cheat a polygraph. He committed a crime when he willingly and knowingly aided actual criminals. (Ex. a federal agent with drug cartel ties.) That's absolutely a crime. Just like it's legal to sell thallium, but it's certainly not legal to sell it to someone who tells me they intend to kill with it. And it seems he didn't maintain plausible deniability. (Bring on the downvotes.)