It wasn't always like this in Europe. Extended vacation time was one of the many hard-fought rights won by the socialist/trade-unionist movements of the past century throughout the continent. Not even Thatcher dared attacking that right (she dropped a few national holidays here and there, instead). Things didn't turn out quite the same on the other side of the pond, sadly, and this is the result. Well, in Britain the regime is usually fairly generous, with 24 days + 8 national holidays (guaranteed to be working days) being the norm for middle-class jobs and IT. We already know about France. Italy, last I checked, had an average of 20 days + 13 national holidays, with teachers being famous for their 3-months summer break (which in practice is little more than a month, but anyway). Yes, there is always pressure about choosing the right time for the business or public service, but at the end of the day it's a right and if you don't exercise it you're entitled to a lot of extra money -- which is why employers are keen on people actually taking time off. I'm quite interested in the concept, but it looks like your site has been "hackernewsed". The same scheme has been run in Manchester (England) at the Victoria Station car park for as long as I can remember. Luckily my Italian accent and angry face is enough to keep thugs at bay, but I bet they're tolerated by local police as long as they don't threaten the locals too much. In order to fight the scam, ticket machines now print your plate number on the ticket itself, so if you buy one from the thugs, you are risking a fine. The fact people keep doing it shows very clearly how parking charges in central Manchester are unrealistically high. Porn has also been somewhat instrumental in affirming individual freedom and occasionally pushing the boundaries of civil rights. Similarly, illegal p2p helped shaping a debate on the limits of current copyright legislation (which is far from over). Not all innovation is technical. Around Greater Manchester, reg-tracking ticket machines are still the exception. It might have something to do with costs -- i bet they break more easily (they need input buttons) and cost more upfront. Or it might be that local authorities here are still somewhat sympathetic to the little guy... It's supposed to be Old Labour territory after all. Nokia's doom was the deal with Intel, brokered by OPK, which basically dropped Maemo for Moblin and set their plans back two years. Without that, they would have produced at least three Maemo models by now, with big chances of one being a strong competitor. Elop is now trying to make the best of a losing position, but he's too predictable and "corporate" to succeed in the smartphone market. He should have kept silent on the MS deal until he had a working WP7 model, then make the announcement -- give the press a story about a new wonderful gizmo, so that they won't talk about failure and layoffs. As it is now, by the time "Microkia" devices hit the market, share prices will be so low that any Gordon Gekko under the sun will be ready for a takeover. It would take Nokia two years to steer back on MeeGo, two years they can't afford; it's not going to happen. Look how long it's taking them to get a Windows Phone model out, after steering in January and committing all resources they still have... It's a shame, without the useless Intel deal this phone could probably have hit the market last summer and could actually have had a real shot at changing things. Now it's dead in the water. After wasting my time for months on the N900, I'm not going to touch again a dead platform. You don't know Nokia's SOP very much, do you ? :) Their production processes are all about cranking out slightly-different versions of the same hardware/software combinations, as fast as possible, and market them as "new". Post-release upgrades are basically non-existent, even when bugs and problems are huge -- this was made very clear by the N97, but careful observers knew it from well before then. This phone won't have variations, the platform is commercially dead, so they'll just push it out of the door and forget about it. Add to this that the Maemo/Meego line has historically been seen as "experimental" (i.e. by the time a device shipped, development had long moved on and backward-compatibility had been broken), even more so now that WP7 is the name of the game for Nokia, and you can see how little they'll care for this phone once they have your cash. Nokia has had problems with NORTH-AMERICAN carriers. Everywhere else, they get along with carriers much better than, say, Apple, and this was one of the reasons for their demise. One of Jobs' great moves was to explicitly stick two fingers up at carriers and sell something CUSTOMERS wanted; Nokia was so busy making telcos happy, they started thinking customers are just a stupid herd who can be made to buy any sort of crap. Yeah but the product teams have long moved on by now. Because there are so many Qt-based apps for Symbian already, right? Oh, wait... Part of what ? They've already announced Qt won't run on WP7. They've basically offloaded everything-but-developers to Digia [1]; and I bet Digia will have a big say in what the remaining Qt developers in Nokia will get to work on. Qt might be part of their low-end strategy on S40, for big-numbers / low-profit emerging markets. Considering how iPhones are now immensely popular even in places like Cuba and how low-cost Android devices are getting ready to hit those markets, I bet that strategy will soon need revising as well... [1] http://www.engadget.com/2011/03/07/nokia-sells-qt-licensing-... Indeed there is a disconnect between the Google+ "streams" and the old-school Buzz, which does know how to interface to Twitter. That's probably one of the worst problems with the service (which is still technically in "trial mode", for what it's worth). My mother doesn't know what a mailing list and couldn't manage one to save her life, but she's quite active on Facebook. Email is the command line, social networks are Windows. I've suggested a similar feature through their Feedback link, although the other way around: G+ should detect your contacts' default languages (via GMail, for example), and then automatically create circles for different languages (you could amend them manually where you have bilingual people). When you post, G+ should then detect the language (Translate can do that!) and suggest the right circle. To work properly though, you'd also need an "intersect" feature, so that you could share something with "people in English-speaking circle AND people in Friends circle". Edit: in any case, considering their experience with Orkut (which was overrun by Brazilians and Indians using their own idioms), I bet Google is already working on language filters of some sort. It's been used by googlers for more than a year already, so that's probably why the number is so high. As the proud parent of a very chatty daughter of two, I wonder: what would be an equivalent sort of project for girls? At the moment she likes Duplo/Lego because it's one of the few areas where we connect over the gender divide, but her other roleplay and games are all about caring and she's very empathic with other children (worrying when they cry etc). I do wonder whether pointing her towards hackerdom would really be the right thing to do. Not nitpicking here: your social value does not disappear, your social status does. Smart employers will recognise your potential, and probably try to exploit your situation; don't let them get away with it, as long as your language skills are good your value to any business is intact. I say this as an economic migrant who went through a few years of "adjustment". Talk to the local embassy of the country you want to move to. In Europe, most countries give US citizens preferential treatment; chances are that they'll easily allow you to stay, but you might have to renew the visa every year or every X years, at least until you apply for citizenship / marry a local. You can work in English in any Scandinavian country, in Germany, in India, in South-Africa. You'd almost certainly struggle in Italy, France or Spain. Their remit also covers fighting the trade of counterfeited goods. There are a lot of Italian luxury items being counterfeited around the world every day (Armani, Prada etc), so the GdF was given a lot of power and money to fight knockoff traders. Then the local RIAA-equivalents managed to equate unauthorized copies of digital content as "counterfeited goods", hence involving the GdF on policing the internet -- previously a task left to the Postal Police (the separate body policing communications in Italy -- yes, it's weird how we have so many different corps, no wonder real criminals are never caught). The GdF is powerful, much more than the average Police corps, and they really don't understand the internet. Nobody can reign them in, at the moment -- some members of government are currently under investigation for corrupting GdF elements to (guess what) favour PM Berlusconi's businesses. Yeah, Italy is fucked up, that's why I don't live there anymore. Not that things are getting much better in the UK... Arch Linux is the most "vanilla" distribution you'll ever find -- their philosophy is that the machines should download original packages directly from upstream and customize them as little as possible. I know quite a few KDE devs work on Arch. Btw, for the same reasons, installing Arch is not as easy as Ubuntu or SuSE; you'll have to dig in quite a few config files. This sort of perception is what makes one think that train services in other countries are always better than in your own backyard. The truth is that, in Europe, the average level of railway service is more or less the same everywhere these days; the exception is recent high-speed technology, which is only available in a handful of countries ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-speed_rail_in_Europe ). This is how pg interpreted it. I wouldn't be surprised if the real reaction was more about _disgust_ rather than fear: I personally do like the functional programming and everything-is-a-symbol paradigms of Lisp, I just hate THOSE DAMN PARENTHESES and would probably try hard to avoid using Lisp at my workplace. Some people have the same reaction when confronted with whitespace/indentation in Python, doesn't mean they're afraid to learn it. Wikipedia says 19,000. I believe most of them will be safe, probably even in Sales, considering how the two companies hardly overlap at all. (unless Larry is really thinking to grab the patents and then chuck everything else to some Taiwanese company) Well, except for android, they can probably keep Motorola separate (as they said), wait for patent wars to stop/calm down, and then resell it. No real integration effort would be required. Could it be that your CDN and caching will refresh on Friday? I wouldn't be so sure. A lot of child-genius types end up regretting their youth and feeling like failures for the rest of their (long) lives; the risks of peaking too soon are well documented. I hope he stays humble and does what he really wants to do, which might be in a completely unrelated field, with the same intensity he's shown in this endeavour. Actually the "technology" behind wisdom teeth is quite smart. How many organisms feature resources timed to "spring" 20 or 30 years from birth, to replace lost "components"? You experience them as painful because your teeth don't rot as they used to; until the XX century, it was common for people to lose many of their teeth by the age of 30, so they were grateful for an extra set. They'd probably be dead before 45 anyway, so just a few would suffice to chew your way through the last years of your life. This is because Google Plus is so slick, it makes you forget that it's been online for less than two months. You're comparing the ecosystem of sites launched more than FIVE YEARS AGO with a brand new project. The minute they release the damn API (we're all clamouring for it, but how long did it take for FB to have an API?), every developer and his dog will scramble to support it anyway. The reports I've seensay they had a live datalink (I guess one-way only) which lasted nine minutes. They said they're happy with the data anyway, even though they don't know where it crashed (technically they don't even know it crashed, only that it stopped sending data), so they're clearly not relying on a black-box. More red tape, exactly what businesses need! Even multinationals don't enjoy having to spend extra resources to keep track of such arbitrary requirements. Will they need to register only the IP of their VPN gateways, or also the client IPs? Will they need to specify the type of software they use? What are the chances that they'll also be asked for certificates, so that spooks can snoop anyway? If I have a website running on servers in Jamaica, selling paper planes, and I use SSL because it's the right thing to do, will Pakistani customers be able to buy anything from me? Obviously I haven't registered with the Pakistani government, chances are that I don't even know what Pakistan is! This is unbelievable. (On the other hand, it's a wet dream for the likes of RIAA...) Yes he would. Queen was one of the most "commercial" bands ever, constantly rehashing their music to sound like the mainstream-of-the-day and selling out to the highest bidder. They knew that being a pop band is just an act, and what matters is how many records and tickets you sell. Freddie was quite happy to get money to be a showman, and would probably laugh at modern "indie" sensibilities like you wouldn't believe. Hell, they happily sold "We are the Champions" to any sport organization willing to pony up some cash. Tell that to Walt Disney -- last I checked, he built his fortune by "plagiarizing" out-of-copyright stories. And what about all those movies based on Wells, Verne, Conan-Doyle, Christie, Austen? One of the most successful songs ever, in economic terms, is "Whiter Shade of Pale" by Procol Harum: a blatant riff on two compositions by Bach. The likes of Rolling Stones and Eric Clapton would have gone nowhere without the ability to ransack the humongous catalogue of blues classics -- if the original black musicians and composers had enjoyed modern copyright terms, you wouldn't have had any of that. Same for Bob Dylan and folk songs. All art is derivative, originality is a myth. Sorry, am I reading correctly? Peldi should subsidize you starting your own business? That seems unfair to me :) Aside from the clear moral judgement you're making here, which doesn't belong in any salary policy, the problem with your argument is that chances are that you made that choice while maintaining a "urban" salary... i.e. you are fundamentally exploiting a loophole in "classic" remuneration systems thanks to telecommuting, and you're now complaining that those systems might be catching up. "If anything this sets up a reverse incentive to live in NYC like a college student and pocket the difference." It's a choice; everyone makes lifestyle choices, like you say, as an employer there's nothing you can do about that. Peldi's policy gives you a chance to make enough money to live comfortably wherever you want to live; I think that's quite a perk, for most people. If your lifestyle choices completely trump your professional interest in joining the company, you'd probably not be a good match anyway. Besides, the policy is weighted by bonuses, and sounds more like the starting point for a conversation rather than a straight-jacket. Knowing the man a little -- we went to the same highschool, although he already was a celebrity and I wasn't ;) -- I'm quite confident he'd do his damnedest to find a satisfying and realistic agreement for anyone interested in joining. I'm amazed at some of the replies here. "He'd pay a better-than-average base salary -- THAT'S NOT ENOUGH!" Guess what? Outside the Valley bubble, more often than not it IS quite enough. It could also benefit from better copy. "Everything from a timeline's colour scheme and date range to its background image and intro text can be changed in the Settings tab." -- a wall of badly-punctuated text, really unappealing. Kudos for the app though, it does look nice. More auto-importing and some iPhone action please :) I've lost my breath trying to read it... would use a comma or two. It's also completely useless and out of context -- that's a help box, not a sales pitch. They were accepted by European sport federations a long time ago, usually because Middle-Eastern federations refused to accept them either on ideological or security reasons. It's usually not a big deal, they're crap at everything except basketball, as far as I know. Yeah, to me this looks like a way to isolate the profit-making but old-school DVD business from the disruptive but fragile streaming platform. Studios are squeezing streaming providers for royalties at the moment, and sooner or later either the small players will fold, or streaming will fully replace dvds; by splitting services, Reed is trying to maximize its chances of maintaining at least one solid business. Still, the right thing to do would be to maintain technical integration between the two, maybe spinning off the analytics / suggestions as a third company providing services to both for a nominal fee. When your adversary is successfully framing the debate in radical and irrational terms ("You wouldn't steal a car, so you shouldn't steal a movie"), the only answer is to escalate your own radical rhetoric until a fair compromise can be reached; you create an incentive for your adversary to not be completely obliterated if/when you'll achieve total victory. If you start by admitting that your adversary has a point, there is no incentive for him to come to a compromise: he's shaping your reality, so you'll never win. At the moment we need a lot of rebalancing in terms of online rights and copyright, so the likes of PP can only be welcome. (Besides, making the Bond franchise a feature-long advert "much more than they do already" is pretty much impossible!) Usually long enough to vest any shares they've might been granted by the acquisition deal, not a minute longer (and often, even a lot less). That's usually between 6 months and two years. Yeah, because Facebook is SO private, and completely devoid of impostors and stalkers. Honestly, if this is the worst that anti-googlers can come up with, well... it isn't much. I can't help but think of bitrot. You spend an afternoon "scrapbooking" in real life, and you get something that your grand-grandsons might, one day, inherit and read in awe. You spend an afternoon scrapbooking on FB, and in ten years FB goes bust or whatever (Geocities, anyone?), and you've got nothing. I guess the real test will be my wife -- she loves scrapbooking. (this, and the first time I went through the presentation my brain was screaming MYSPACE really, really loud.) "FB as a utility" can happen only if they maintain their humongous userbase. Nobody signs up to FB "because I'll have a single-sign-on identity to use somewhere else"; they sign up to interact with their friends/family/peers, play silly games and post pictures of their cats. Zuckerberg has to constantly throw them a bone to keep them sweet while he goes spreading "Like" buttons and SSO apis through the web. The way he's managed to eat Google's lunch for five years, by coming to the SSO problem from a completely opposite trajectory, is impressive and quite cunning in its own way. I do believe however that in the long run G+ will probably do to them what IE did to Netscape. It's quite ironic how he says "Our VPN service and VPN services in general are not designed to be used to commit illegal activity", and then "there are many other legitimate uses such as the ability to unblock GEO-restricted websites." Hello, why do you think most of those sites are geo-restricted? Because of copyright laws . Circumventing those blocks in most cases means you're breaking those laws -- at the very minimum, you're breaking contractual obligations that you and the service are supposed to obey under penalty, and at worst you're committing fraud by claiming you come from a different country. By caving to the court order without a fight, HMA's owner opened the gates to every copyright troll under the sun to come knocking for logs, court order in hand. I'm the first to admit I've used HMA's webproxy to get around some stupid company firewall; I knew perfectly well I was breaking company policy and could have been sanctioned. I clearly relied on HMA not to spill the beans. It's called HIDE MY ASS, for g*d's sake. Nice to see I was wrong. A privacy service lives or dies on its reputation, and HMA's reputation is now gone forever. If it can be proved, above reasonable doubt, that you're using that IP on purpose, with the only aim to bypass such geographical restrictions on content distribution against the will of content owners... well, it'll be a tough day in court. Note that I'm not saying that IP == actual physical person or GeoIP == actual physical location. A lawyer would have to prove that you were using that computer, with that specific IP, on that date-time, and you were accessing that content in full knowledge of the fact that only US-based consumers were allowed to do that... Which is very difficult, but not impossible. Laws are always interpreted , at the end of the day. I'm sorry, you're sorely mistaken. I've worked at Oracle (been acquired) and i've seen numbers. Licensing is not the main source of profits, support is; they might sell it differently, but that's where they make the real dough. The margins are astonishing. And look at the numbers they just posted about Europe: +50%. At these levels, that's huge. I'd be happy to PAY for new screensavers or any other way to have custom screensavers without going through the pain of jailbreaking -- i have one of the recent versions which are difficult to root.