Hello, 1. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: pinch to zoom with touchpads DESCRIPTION: pinch to zoom with touchpad is convenient and available on most platforms. It would be nice to have it on Ubuntu and other distributions, too. It is already available with touchscreen on some applications but not at all on touchpads. 2. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Pixel-perfect scrolling everywhere by default. DESCRIPTION: Pixel-perfect scrolling makes it more easier to read long texts. 3. FLAVOR: all HEADLINE: Parallelize apt / dpkg DESCRIPTION: Installation of packages requires downloading, unkpacking, configuring. Using apt(-get), one cannot install two or more things in parallel. Package downloads could be done even if an installation is already ongoing and requests to install packages could be added to the current installation process instead of rejecting them because there is already an installation running (with possibly priority handling). 4. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: One-click add ppa + install app DESCRIPTION: It should be easy for users to install applications that are not in the repository. One click to add a ppa and install an application (with any security warning that applies) would be a good step toward this. 5. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Stability when resuming from suspend DESCRIPTION: With too many laptops, resuming from suspend is unreliable and may hang. 6. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Higher maximum volume level DESCRIPTION: One thing that is consistent across many laptop, maximum sound is too quiet for integrated speakers. 7. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Make Emoji input and display easy and here by default DESCRIPTION: More and more people like and use emojis. A Ubuntu should handle that correctly. 8. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Show battery usage per application and alert when an application is eating battery (unexpectedly) DESCRIPTION: sometimes, a process uses too much battery and has time to waste energy before noticed. 9. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Remote control without configuration DESCRIPTION: it would be nice to be able to help a novice Ubuntu user remotely, without making him / her install and configure anything, even if they are using a public wifi, with low latency (with a possibility to take control with an ssh-like method). 10. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Bring atomic snapshots to the common user DESCRIPTION: Btrfs and ZFS provide atomic snapshots that can be used to go back in time in case something bad happened. Ubuntu could bring this functionality to the user by making it possible to cancel an update or a configuration, and to protect user's home directory from human mistakes by periodically making snapshots.This would be a useful complement to regular backups. ROLE/AFFILIATION: Kubuntu Desktop user FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Exfat installed by default DESCRIPTION: Many cameras use exfat for their memory cards. Users should not have to install an obscure exfat-fuse package to handle this. (forgot that in my previous comment) A bit off topic but I wrote a very small JS library that uses this exact format 6-7 years ago. It transforms such an object to a DOM tree. This is nice to see somebody mention this format, this kind of validates it. So, thank you! It also accepts things like ["div#123.class-name-1 class-name-2", ["span", "Hello world"]]. You can keep a reference of a node in a Javascript object if needed: let refs = {}; let div = jso2dom( ["div", ["span", {"#":"sp"}, "Hello world"] ], refs ); console.log(refs.sp); // Hello World I've found it very convenient so far and still use it today. This is simple, prodigiously stupid and works in vanilla JS, so this works for me for the time being. Parsing may be complex but in my case, this is done by the Javascript engine, so I'm not affected by this complexity. This is possible in D using /+ comments +/. https://wiki.dlang.org/Commenting_out_code#Nested_comments This allows commenting out code containing comments, which can be useful when debugging or giving usage examples in the code. One small thing that bothers me is the upvote button that looks too much like a button to (un)fold comments, especially when you can't downvote and therefore don't have any downvote button. I just discovered that there is a [-] to (un)fold comments by the way. I would probably just have swapped the positions and use less confusing icons. Another thing is the occasional blocks of code that are too wide and not wrapped, this requires horizontal scrolling which I find a bit annoying, especially on phones. And the text-reflow Firefox extension does not handle this, otherwise it would be a non-issue for me. At the beginning, the appearance of HN seemed raw to me, but I got used to it and like it. The Intel integrated graphic card of my laptop does handle 3 screens fine and I dont need to mess with drivers, everything works well out of the box. I would actually advise against NVIDIA cards unless you need powerful graphic processing or to do GPU computation. Stock rom without root was pretty decent for me. No ads at all. However, I only use free software apps mostly from F-Droid (and uBlock Origin takes care of the web). I knew that this was putting myself in a bubble, but I had not realized that the experience of using a phone for a lot of people must be that annoying. What a shame. Computers should serve humans, not the other way round! I discovered Google Play's App Store on someone else's phone, that was painful and stressful. But what you are describing seems hellish. "Chrome for Android now supports Widevine L1, allowing sites to play encrypted media in a secure way." Really? If I want visitors to play encrypted videos in a secure way, I serve them through HTTPS using a codec that does not have patent issues! Widevine is not a matter of allowing anything. This sentence is an horrible way to describe what it is for. Good article otherwise, except for the annoying top bar. I wondered the same thing a while ago and I would think this is to ease dragging the window with the mouse, which you may want to do easily when the window is not maximized. I'd really like Firefox on Linux to hide the window title bar (at least when maximized) and put the close / maximize / reduce buttons in the tab bar (or make it an option). The tab bar does already allow one to move the window, at least on KDE. Then, Firefox could adopt the same kind of behavior as Chrome for this. Thanks for the tip. I didn't know maximus. Actually, kwin does allow writing rules that do exactly that. However, this removes window management buttons, which I don't use often but do like to have. Extensions did that but are not compatible anymore ans never really had an integrated look. I recognize this is mostly feelings though I used to have tab trees and they are amazing. The extension I used had some stability / slowness issues and I also like having nothing on the sides of the webpage. I would still appreciate a tree view that shows when clicking a button when I need it, maybe something like the Netsurf History that shows when long clicking on its previous button (by the way, this next/previous tree feature of Netsurf is awesome, it would be great to have this as is in other browsers). But I usually have many tabs and Firefox is usable without tree tabs. I use CTRL+tab to cycle through most recently used tabs. If you enable the browser.ctrlTab.previews about:config setting, you get a nice alt+tab-like window. The order of tabs in ctrl+tab is changed when using browser.ctrlTab.previews (from simple in order tab circle to circle through most recently used tabs, lastly used first). I have become dependent on this to the point that Chrome or Firefox without it feel like they get in my way when I browse. I also from time to time used the list of tabs provided by the ctrl+tab previous window, but it seems to have just disappeared in a recent Firefox update? Anyway, I find that the most efficient way to go to a not so recently-used tab is to just search for something in its title or its URL in the URL bar (CTRL+L) and use the "go to tab" feature (and I disable search engine suggestions in the URL bar). And if you closed the tab, the page will be proposed because it is in the history. Chrome's URL tab just feels useless in comparison. The URL bar of Firefox and its CTRL+TAB tab preview feature / cycle order are two killer features for me. Losing them would be painful. With light pages + efficient ad blocking, 50 tabs seem actually light on memory. This may be less true with video pages or many heavy online newspaper websites. Since I got a 32 GiB RAM computer, I don't know what is the memory usage of Firefox anymore. I love them at times. Do you know if a Firefox 57+ compatible extension exists for that? This is great. I didn't expect this to happen so soon. When we will have this and pixel-perfect scrolling enabled by default, the Firefox UI will be close to ideal for me. To get pixel scrolling now, the solution is easy: #!/usr/bin/env sh MOZ_USE_XINPUT2=1 exec /usr/bin/firefox "$@" I use rss2email with cron to send posts of my family's blog by email to people for whom straight RSS is not convenient. This is especially nice for my grandmother, who has an iPad. I found no RSS reader there that is easy to use enough, free and ad-free. I just wanted something I can just give a RSS link to and it fetches this link and shows content. And nothing else. This does not seem to exist. My grandmother knows how to read and write emails. Blog posts are rendered properly using rss2email in her mailbox. And she knows how to click in the email to go to the blog and comments at times. This is actually even simpler and more optimal than a dedicated RSS App. One unique easy way to get news from the family using the tablet. And the blog is easier than Facebook (I guess - never used it). There is just our content in the pages and that’s it. No irrelevant stuff around and no notifications. If you are looking for ways to keep in touch with a group of people in which somebody is not really into computers, this may be one nice solution. So, thanks to the authors of rss2email. I wondered the same for the downvotes. #3 (communal process) can be really fun and enjoyable. It depends on the people. Each time I experienced it, people were always having great time. Perfection should not be sought. Letting people add their creativity can help. It can really be a good idea. But do not force anyone not willing to participate and do not make such people feel like they are jerks. #2 really depends on the people. It has been wrong most of the cases in my experience. People often enjoy food. Food is part of the pleasure for many people! Maybe you could use a different theme for each profile, or put different buttons or buttons in different order in the toolbar? Maybe there could be an extension that shows the name of the current profile and/or an image/text chosen by the user in the toolbar or the tab bar? The extension would have to be installed in each profile, but this is to be done only once. Please still my idea, whether you are a Firefox or an addon developer! The keyword trick given by others is nice. If like me you are lazy, use the autocomplete feature. First manually type the URL with the search terms and validate. Then for your second search type some unique part of the base URL and it appears because it is in your history, press down and modify the URL for your new search. When you have done this several times, it seems firefox understands what you are trying to do and autocompletes the URL with the common parts. Works Weil with wiktionary, wikipedia and WordReference for instance. Special mention to WordReference with its friendly URL scheme. Works on firefox mobile too. I canot remember how to validate autocompletion, my fingers do it themeselves. It must be something like Right or CTRL+Right. On mobile, it is a touch. I wonder why it works for me and not for you. I guess I'll have to guess what in my usage pattern allows that :-) Maybe I accessed the base URL without the query parameters. The Linux kernel. edit: VLC. I guess KDE Connect uses this kind of API to share the clipboard between the phone and the computer. This is very convenient, but this can be a bit scary too. This means your phone which is full of proprietary blobs accesses everything that is copied from the computer. This is even worse if you have any app you do not fully trust on the phone. Maybe a solution would be to have a manual button "share clipboard with the phone", instead of automatically sharing the clipboard. Solving this seems pretty similar to how browsers handle phishing related issues with International Domain Names. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IDN_homograph_attack I have used Viz.js since 2012 in Aude [1], a tool to play with Finite State Machines, in order to display results from algorithms like minimization, determinization and other common FSM-related algorithms, and also to provide an automatic redraw feature when drawing FSMs. The user can also input FSMs in a small description language, and they are drawn automatically using the same system. For people who don't know Viz.js, it is basically GraphViz compiled for the web as ASM.js using emscripten plus a convenient way to call it. Usage is simple: you give the DOT code, and it returns an SVG document as string (other formats are actually supported). Viz.js is awesome. Thanks Mike Daines! And obviously, thanks Graphviz! Webgraphiz uses a viz.js file. Is it actually the same Viz.js? (edit: yes, it is) [1] https://aude.imag.fr/ There is a market to take here: Javascript as a Service, to bypass CorpNets. Ubuntu is probably going to be updated before January, 9th ( https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/KnowledgeBase/SpectreAn... ) So I sent those quotes to Richard Stallman: - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16081602 (this thread's original message) - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16081712 (the parent) - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16081700 ("Stallman is the hero we don’t deserve") With some encouraging sentences to keep on making the world a better place. He felt honored. He asked me to post this for him. "Now that you recognize these problems are real, how about joining in the work to fix them? See gnu.org/help for a list of many different kinds of work that we need (programming is just one of many), then pick one and help!" I use perdu.com to test my connection and for captive portals. The website is fast, light (to say the least), always up, the URL is short and there is no valid HTTPS version so no need to type http:// . It also makes people around smile (and ask what this website is while I'm testing stuff and not thinking about it). English translation: Lost on the Internet? Don't panic, we are going to help you * It is amazing how this joke has been there since 1998, without a change. In 2016, perdu.com was displayed 1-2 million times per day and his author was spending €65 per year for this (source: https://www.nouvelobs.com/rue89/rue89-internet/20160603.RUE3... ). Or Gocker, an implementation of Docker in go... (Edit: pwinnski was faster than me) I think 2.7MB is the size of the average web page on the Web on mobile (3.4M on desktop). Which is quite scary. (Edit: though this may refer to pages that are being developed and tested in Page Speed, see the other comment). I wrote a whole (private, small) website with pictures (photos and images) and styles that includes a maze using JavaScript in 0.6 MB total. I didn't spend too much time in optimizing this. I cheated a bit: links in this website point to anchors in the same HTML file. This does mean that without this trick, one page would be even lighter. I would find it hard to write a 3MB webpage without doing it on purpose. Something is wrong with Web development. Stop wasting resources! Yes, that was the point :-) > How can a skillful JS developer make the site better for me when I want to avoid ANY extra features and distractions? I don't know if I qualify as a skillful JS developer, but I run a website displaying pictures that works correctly without Javascript. However, Javascript makes this website way faster, smoother and easier on the connection by downloading only the moving parts when clicking on a link, carefully preserving history so back/next works as if this script did nothing. When Javascript is disabled, an ugly white flash appears when navigating between some pages and rendering is just slower, even though it remains decent (my code is minimalist anyway…) When leaving the page of a picture to come back to the album it is in, scroll position is restored. This is impossible without Javascript. History Back button is not sufficient: you might have looked at 10 pictures before coming back to the album. Sure, you can still ask your browser to come back 10 pages ago, but this is less convenient than just clicking on a cross. It also help dimension images correctly, which I could not manage to do using pure CSS, unfortunately. No Javascript tracker is present. You want Javascript enabled on this website because it helps using less resources and makes things easier to use. This is a 9 KB Javascript file that gets compressed to 3 KB and served using HTTP2 only once, so this is basically a null cost when considering how much a picture weighs (~ 100KB). And this is free software, for the sake of it. But you cannot know this on random websites. Problem is, Javascript is not used like this in general. Unfortunately for websites like this one, disabling Javascript by default is still a reasonable thing to do. Worse, visitors of this website that disable Javascript won't be aware of that, because things pretty much work as expected and I don't display a warning message. Has someone ever tried to submit images from Google captchas to Google Images? An answer like "This is definitely a sign" from Google Images would be funny. The problems might be due to interactions with wifi. On my laptop, I need to unload iwlwifi: modprobe -r iwlwifi and then reload it with these options: sudo modprobe iwlwifi bt_coex_active=0 swcrypto=1 11n_disable=8 for Bluetooth to work correctly. Without this, discovering Bluetooth devices often does not work correctly and when I manage to pair my headphones with the laptop, the connection is often lost when wifi is used. For 1, my configuration of zsh solves the problem and avoids surprises by marking pasted shell code and letting me review it before running it, even if there are several lines. This is great for just pasting stuff from the internet and adapt as I wish without having to retype the entire thing or use an editor. I think this is a default behavior in oh-my-zsh. Actually, my zsh config mostly behaves like fish with great completion, syntax coloring and sensible history handling, with zsh syntax which is close to bash. So I can copy paste stuff from the internet and reuse my knowledge from the time I used bash because it was the default, and still leverage the improvements brought by zsh. I don't understand 2. For 3, of course you should understand what you run, but I don't want my tools to get in the way. My tools should allow me to do what I want, not prevent me from doing something for technical reasons. This is a question of education. If people want to run something without understanding it, I bet they will type it blindly, if they can't copy paste it. They will just be slower at running things blindly, leading them to a disaster just a bit slower. Please let me not lose my time even more when I cause disasters. (Yes, true, retyping stuff forces your more to think about it, but I already review the things I paste into my shell) Okay, bracketed paste does not help against attacks. Hello! One small comment about this webpage on Firefox mobile: in portrait mode the page shows correctly, but in landscape mode the header + the message inviting visitors to try GitLab EE take about 50% of the screen, which makes the page a bit annoying to read. I think visitors should be able to get rid of the message and the header should be made non sticky or a least way smaller if you really like those sticky headers. I guess landscape 1080p is considered as a regular computer there, but this is false in my case. Thanks for making GitLab, this is what I currently use for my projects. Pandoc ( http://pandoc.org/ ) is written in Haskell and converts documents across formats. The AOSP keyboard lacks functionality when compared to Google keyboard by default: there is no way to swipe on the keyboard to write words, and you cannot input emojis by writing their description. Please, do not drain my batteries, waste resources of my planet and make me (or my employer, or my coffee shop, or my train company, or my library) pay electricity to prove I'm not a robot. Please, do not make Internet an energy hog more than it already is. Spam is still an issue. When you set up a new mail server, you are likely to be filtered by big providers because they will consider you as spam. I've personally had issues with Microsoft and a local provider. This makes self hosting or running a small email provider hazardous, which is problematic. I never had issues with Google and Yahoo though. I guess spam and spam filters also have an ecological impact even if spams don't end up in our inbox. And there are false positives too. Because of spam, we are likely to miss a legitimate message one day or another. And I regularly see phishing on my professional inbox. So spam is still an issue even if it is hidden, for several reasons. At INRIA (a French computer science research institute), AV became mandatory on Macs last year. A colleague of mine got hit recently by a crypto-miner on their Mac. I don't know if they had an AV, and if so, if the AV would have caught the miner. This was detected by the IT department by monitoring suspicious traffic. I don't use a macOS so I can't really say. I see AVs as another piece of proprietary software that you have to trust, and that takes significant resources without knowing how useful they are. On Windows, I would probably use the one from Microsoft, since it's free and since I would already "trust" Microsoft by using their OS and I would somewhat bet that it is in their interest to keep their OS safe. I can't be sure tough: why is it not integrated by default (or is it?)? To allow competition? Then is Microsoft making their antivirus less efficient so the competition is still relevant? And maybe AV is not really Microsoft's main business so their antivirus may be lacking? On the other side, I would bet it is in the interest of other AVs to always nag you and make you feel they are present and useful more than being actually efficient for other things than high detection rates in benchmarks. They are irritating and advertise themselves in people's mail signatures, sometimes outright lying: "this email as no viruses" - That you can't be sure, and the mail could have got a virus in its way between the sender and the recipient. By design, AVs can't really detect new viruses and I would not feel really more confident with an AV than without because of that. AVs didn't catch ransomwares when they first appeared after all. I don't use any antivirus. My approach to security is: - Using only free software, as much as possible (I know, I would need to audit everything I use for this to be perfect, but I can't possibly do that). - that is preferably installed from the OS vendor, which I have no choice to trust anyway. - usage of an ad blocker with more filters than the default - be careful where clicking links - instant backups in a self hosted cloud for important things, and automatic daily snapshots of this cloud somewhere else - and I also happen to never be browsing sketchy websites. - all this is true on my phone as well. One could add usage of Google safe browsing or something related for phishing. And also blocking Javascript or third party Javascript by default when browsing, which I did at some point in my life but which is not convenient for most people. Would I recommend AV for somebody who uses an OS that is more targeted by viruses than mine, and is likely to fell in a trap (the kind of trap an AV would catch anyway)? Probably Windows Defender on Windows, for Macs I really don't know. If there is an AV provided by Apple or by some other company you trust, I guess I would go for it rather than having nothing. You can always get viruses from the network that will silently exploit an unfixed security breach on any system, and that may remain undetected so at least, I would tell them to be careful, to keep their system updated and to make backups regularly (ideally, backups should be automatic to some extent), since AVs can't guarantee that no virus will make it. I would make sure that they are not too confident in the AV, too. Asciiflow is nice: http://asciiflow.com/ Funny. These new tabs in Chrome make me think of the tabs in Firefox before Quantum, although in Chrome they are more rectangular. This would be a mix of Firefox Quantum and pre-Firefox Quantum tabs. I'll possibly feel like I am using an old Firefox version when running Chrome the first few times. I host my mails and to my surprise, gmail has been one provider which hasn't caused me any trouble so far in 2 years, with Yahoo. I have proper configuration for dkim, SPF and dmarc. Even when my mails were somewhat misconfigured it worked with gmail. When a recipient has a gmail or a Yahoo address, I am quite confident that my mails will make it into their inbox correctly. Not that I'm glad that most people I email with use gmail, since I'm precisely hosting my mails to escape Google (well, this is one of the reasons). I cannot say that for Microsoft. After a long discussion with them, I think I'm not systematically landing in my recipients' spam folder anymore, but I'm still not very confident. Microsoft, please fix your filters! If I already exchanged with somebody in a two-way direction several times, my mails should not land in their spam folder anymore, especially if they explicitly marked me as not spam (even more if they added me to their contact list), and if you observed only legitimate mails for months or even years from my IP/domain, my mails should not be treated as spam by default even for new recipients, right? Good and reasonable filters are important for internet neutrality, where small providers can exist. Automating tasks is freeing humanity of some amount of necessary labor to achieve (assuming any task is useful). This means, in a society were things are correctly organized, more average free time for humans, more things we can achieve. Which is desirable, if we are not achieving self destruction or the destruction of our neighborhood. But I'm optimistic, I'm sure we will be able to figure this out at some point that I hope is not too distant in the future. This is my feeling. Also, if people like to do something that can be automated, they will still be able to do that. Just not as a job maybe... Or maybe not. Some people still paint pictures that are pretty close to actual photos. And, in my opinion, in a well organized society, people have enough free time to do what they like to do. Not automating things we can automate is maintaining useless work for humans. We should just be sure about what can be automated, which is not so easy. If you replace a cashier by a machine, you may free this person from risking serious injuries in some cases, and from a task that can be dull and repetitive. You also remove some human interactions that people may appreciate (and maybe even rely on) and that a machine cannot provide. I've already gone out of a shop happier just because I had a nice or funny exchange with the cashier, or even a smile. At the end of the day, this kind of things is useful. I believe we will always need human interactions, some jobs might not be automatable for this reason. So cashiers might be better replaced by machines in many places for a lot of good reasons, but human interactions have to be maintained somewhere. This may not have to be part of a job however. And i agree that sometimes, you just want to buy your stuff and go out without having to expose yourself to any human interaction. I completely agree with you. I have to disagree. I use plasma as my desktop environnement and I occasionally use some gtk3 apps like evince. The KDE team did a good job porting the breeze theme to gtk, evince is beautiful here. So is gedit and meld is okay too. The gtk header bar also looks good and I actually like it. Chrome also looks good here. KDE also provide a nice configuration tool for gtk apps. Worst case, I feel gtk apps look and feel as they do in gnome, which is okay. The gnome crowd paid attention to the look and feel of their software and this is noticeable. I still do prefer KDE apps most of the time, I always feel they behave the right way. What should be zoomable with the mouse wheel is for instance. Qt apps also look good on gnome, especially when using the breeze theme. Gnome with this theme is beautiful. However, many KDE apps are broken or ugly if QT_QPA_PLATFORMTHEME is not set to "kde" (and then you get whatever theme is configured in plasma, not the theme of your current desktop environment). At least outside of gnome. Bare Qt apps don't have this problem: VLC looks good everywhere. However, configuring the look and feel of Qt 5 apps is a pain outside of KDE. Gtk3 apps are also more likely to behave better on a touchscreen (scrolling, for instance). Plasma do behave very well on a touchscreen. KDE apps, not so particularly well. Gtk 2 is a disaster, popup menus are unusable. This makes xfce unusable on touchscreens on which I tested it. Some details, some behaviors are different between the toolkits. Overflowing toolbars unhide differently for instance (this is visible with LibreOffice vs LyX. I find Qt a bit annoying with this). With Qt you get the opportunity to have a good opening file dialog. The gtk one is nice looking but quite annoying. It autocompletes in a surprising way (in KDE at least), and reauires typing Ctrl+L to type a path but the recently used files gets in the way (although is occasionally very helpful). I also have observed that Qt apps play well with the DPI / font scaling setting of the xsdl x server on Android. Gtk apps require to set GDK_DPI_SCALE manually. For programming, I would not hesitate between Qt and gtk. The Qt API is clean and straightforward and powerful. Gtk looks worse to me. And for the documentation, Qt is top notch. I might have missed something on the side of gtk. I would use gtk only if I have to use C. Qt apps will also probably look better outside of Linux/BSD than gtk apps. Gtk will probably look more native than anything on the Ubuntu desktop, since everything in Ubuntu is written in gtk. I would still consider Qt though. With care given to integration, good result should be reachable. Yes, they don't really deserve you as a user. I wouldn't trust Microsoft for privacy today. I think the "best" option for now would be an Android phone without Google services. And as a developer you don't have to play to put your app in the F-Droid repository (you may want to donate though). In 2019, the Librem 5 will probably be a good (expensive?) option too. You don't need root and developer options on such a device. If your device is well supported, you may have regular OTA updates with latest security patches (which is not always the case with stock Android by the way). Using only apps from F-Droid, I'm reasonably sure no app is doing something shady. Google is probably not spying on you as much as on a regular Android phone. No need for having a Google account to install apps, by the way. Depending on the device, SELinux policies can be enforced (and probably are on a well supported device). F-Droid requires enabling insecure sources but this is not a problem if you don't download random APKs from the Internet and on Oreo, it seems insecure sources are handled with a permission given per app. Insecure sources can be enabled in any regular Android device anyway. (edit: and actually, I think enabling insecure sources is not necessary if F-Droid Privileged Extension is flashed on the device ( https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged... ) I can't verify what are doing the numerous proprietary blobs all over the place, but this is true on any current Android phone so far (and this is my motivation to put "best" inside quotes actually). Why would this option not be secure enough compared to a regular Android phone? Sure you have to deal with an unlocked bootloader, but if someone gets physical access to the phone, they can unlock it anyway. They will not get access to the data since it is encrypted (it should, anyway!). (p.s. for posterity: I meant "pay", not "play" in my previous message)