Both are using C3's data. C3 is a company that provided 3D data to NOKIA for the first version of 3D maps released two years ago and NOKIA made a terrible mistake to allow Apple to buy it and use C3's 3D data for their own maps. The mesh simplification algorithm used is based on edge collapses according to an error threshold, hence the strange skewing. Disclaimer: I worked for NOKIA L&C on 3D + cloud + navigation. Yes, hitta.se used C3 (Java IIRC). I believe it was their pilot project as both companies are from Sweden (possibly with government/universities involvement) and they used airplane stereovision to generate 3D, which would explain fantastic detail of the whole Sweden (I remember looking at the funny rotated skyscraper in Malmo). To be honest, I don't know why did hitta.se drop its 3D maps. I was playing with hitta.se before NOKIA bought the technology from C3 and there were internal rumors that C3 will be acquired. I would assume licensing costs were the main culprit; given the use of airplane flyovers, the data extraction was very expensive. It's good to be a mouse nowadays! R.I.P. Aaron! We miss you! Mac has outdated OpenGL. Period. I am not really happy that Google is cloning all successful approaches from various companies with slight modifications to suit their own purposes. First Facebook, now Apple. Where is that amazing, creative, innovative company I once admired? It's like Microsoft all over again. In GCC you can actually offload the decision about which registers to choose if you are writing inline assembly code. You just specify what type of registers you need and GCC optimizes the assignments for you. Then you reference them with % notation - e.g. movd %1, %2. Imagine you provide this as an inline function in C++; all the calls for simple functions like arithmetic operations will be optimized on the spot instead of building stacks or moving some value to/from eax... It sped up my 3D software renderer more than twice! :) Quit. I don't believe any manager behaving like that is doing it without his/her full consent and awareness of the situation, and its effect on the lives of his team. Do you really want to make such person successful by sacrificing your health and happiness? So, the answer to the great question of universe is not 42, but that the simulation results will be presented in a paper authored by a researcher duo Trurl and Klapaucius at the SIG UNI conference in the main universe? ;-) I think that's common characteristics in downfall of large companies and nations. Once ambitious managerial types without a viable enthusiastic vision take over, it's a long, hopeless decline; when the innovative types are punished in order to preserve power status quo, it's over. Material implication and the fact that logic based on it is considered OK. E.g. "if the moon was made of cheese, then P=NP" is considered true. This would have been funny if this kind of proofs wasn't used in proofs of basic facts of set theory, e.g. the theorem about empty set being a subset of any set. I am glad there are people trying to address these issues with a new logic, such as relevance logic, though almost every mathematician I know is fully reconciled with the former type of logic without questioning it. I have one of these since February and it's far better than any Chromebook - x64, 4GB RAM, 500GB HD, extremely portable, and runs Ubuntu 12.04 LTS by default. No weird ChromeOS limitations, no push to cloud storage by all means etc. Just the keyboard could be better... Both CPU and HDD are bottlenecks, it's not a speed king. HDD is a regular 5400rpm one, the Celeron 847 1.1GHz is also rather slow. I used it for some Java + Scala compiling and it took significantly longer than on MBP (10 vs 2 minutes). Also, I was able to run FL Studio under Wine and it was capable of recording my MIDI playing in realtime for arpeggiated sounds, though it had problems with 4+ simultaneous channels. Keyboard is really bad. Otherwise for the price it's currently unbeatable in my opinion. For my purposes a large HDD was more important as I make a lot of photos and hence need a lot of storage. I use it while traveling in "less safe" countries, such as those in Latin America - I don't really care about losing it. I would still rather use a simple texture mapping - map the image to a rectangle and then just rotate the 4 corner points. Rest is done naturally by your texture mapper. You can implement a texture mapper easily by finding the top-most rotated corner, take the two edge lines coming out of that corner, linearly interpolate texture coordinates on these lines for each horizontal line they cross and then simply walk linearly between those two texture positions spread across the horizontal line range. Then replace the edge line whose endpoint you reached by the next line until you reach the bottom-most corner. You can add surrounding texels to the mix to get the bilinear or another filtering. Also, Bresenham's line algorithm can be used for each of the line interpolations (though my assembly language experience showed that fixed point ints were actually faster). This is also embarrassingly parallel. I couldn't disagree more with some of the statements in the article. Hadoop is not a database! It's a parallel computing platform for MapReduce-style problems that could preserve locality. If your problem fits this, Hadoop absolutely rocks. If your problem is different then please use another tool. If your problem deals for example with high-resolution geographic or LiDAR data that can be easily processed independently (and that would easily give you a few petabytes each scan/flight so you can't stuff it into GPU), Hadoop is about the only open thing you can use to process them reliably (imagine having Earth surface data with the resolution of 1cm and the need to prepare multiple levels of detail, simplify geometry, perform object recognition, identify roads etc.). Even when your data is smaller if your problem fits in the MapReduce model well, Hadoop is a pretty convenient way to be future-proof while enjoying already mature application infrastructure. Why would you even bother working with toys that put everything into memory and then fail miserably in production (HW failure, need to reseed data after crash etc.)? I worked in a company that routinely processed these kinds of data; usually people accepting the thinking from this article hit a wall someday in production, couldn't guarantee reliability and ended up writing endless hacks for their algorithms that didn't scale when it was needed and became frustrating bottlenecks for everyone. Yes, I saw also some ridiculous uses of Hadoop (database that didn't have a chance ever growing over 20M records, problems not fitting MapReduce that needed custom messaging between jobs etc). Just use your reason properly, whatever has the potential for the future to handle large data do it with Hadoop or any appropriate system that supports your algorithmic model (S4, Kafka, OrientDB, Storm etc.) straight away. Make your software future-proof now or you'll have to rewrite it from the scratch when you will be under huge pressure. Don't become complacent with what you "know" now. Sorry, I didn't mean to offend you in any way! First, I really don't like if somebody by default compares Hadoop with SQL and this is a widespread confusion - they are completely different beasts; in fact an extension called Hive gives Hadoop + HTable an SQL-like syntax. However Hadoop is a parallel, batch-processing platform. Hadoop is slow-responding, you can't even talk about latency because a single task takes a lot of time even to setup/execute. It's completely inappropriate for real-time low-latency computations. For those, the in-memory, GPGPU, streams are much better. However, if you have a large dataset whose loading times onto a single machine may be very long - imagine loading 1TB to memory from a network drive if your computer can handle it - you might be better off by partitioning your data across thousands of smaller nodes (e.g. ARM microservers) and perform computations on each of them independently. This way you don't need to transfer a lot of data, each smaller local dataset is loaded very fast (= you preserver locality), you find balance between being CPU-bound and IO-bound and likely finish your computations much faster than on a single computer with huge memory but limited bus. Hadoop's tragedy is that it is now an established platform that is supported by large companies which are mostly driven by technologically clueless people, trying to put it everywhere as it is "in vogue" to do so. Google abandoned MapReduce model a few years ago but industry didn't seem to notice. Think about your case for chemical structures - is there any part of your algorithm that needs to be computed only occasionally but it's a lot of data to process? Why not offload it to Hadoop for preparing digest from these data which you can use in your real-time algorithm? That's actually pretty common usage scenario - Hadoop handles the rough mining, extracting the precious stuff from crude data, assembling it to a form that is refined and can be used by other parts of system that have completely different requirements, for example low-latency interactions. The only way is to wear GoPro-alike all the time while interacting with other people or record everything on your cellphone (at least audio). Equivalent to Russian dash cams. Perhaps some use for the glass. There are some really nasty people out there. whenever I see a request to provide credit card details upfront before trying a service, it subconsciously screams to me: "Scam! Stay away!" I would never give you my cc details in order to try your product. In fact this would put you firmly on my blacklist of sites never to visit again (unless you are some big well-known vendor of something I need). I am firmly in the camp of remote work lovers. It allowed me to travel around the world while working on world-class engineering and mathematical problems, make artistic movies from my travel, compose trendy music, get influences from outstanding random people I met, collaborate, have unexpected fun, experience different cultures. And this all while I am one of the fastest developers of my company, solving some of the most difficult problems that come (inventive and creative problems, not CRUD). Internal communication can be handled easily if people understand and trust each other. The unearned mistrust targeted towards high performers and envy of less competent managers/coworkers is what is killing corporations nowadays, not remote work. I love to work alone (on deep analytical problems) as well as love to collaborate with others in person or over Internet (putting pieces together and having fun creating) - location doesn't matter nowadays anymore and if it matters to you, you might end up behind the times as you won't be attractive to many people, some of them invaluable. BMW has a joint research lab with Google in Munich. My guess is this is the result of its work. What is a neat characteristics of N^2 where N is integer is that its value is the sum of the first N odd integers. 1^2 = 1 2^2 = 1 + 3 = 4 3^2 = 1 + 3 + 5 = 9 4^2 = 1 + 3 + 5 + 7 = 16 ... I am wondering if there is a relation of this to the article. Kids, this is why you should strive to become your own bosses and bootstrap your own businesses! I have an ASUS Zenbook Prime UX32VD-R4002V with NVidia GT620m and Optimus works flawlessly, both in Windows 7 and Linux Mint. Most games and demanding software switch to NVidia, HD4000 is used only for bare desktop and browsing. There are other issues with this ultrabook but Optimus is not one of them. Both DirectX and OpenGL work on both chips, output via HDMI works from both of them and I can even use CUDA in After Effects CS6 by adding 620m to the list of supported cards. The OP's experience is probably constrained to his particular model. I don't have that problem - it works flawlessly all the time. I am using Amazon basics HDMI cable connected via HDMI switcher to the external display (with the desktop, Chromecast and Tronsmart Android stick occupying 3 more HDMI inputs). Try perhaps another HDMI cable? Why don't you guys split Ukraine into two parts? The western part (pre-WW2's part of Poland) is pro-western, speaking Ukrainian, the eastern part is mostly inhabited by Russians that gravitate towards Moscow. Why nobody suggests this solution? 25W :-( As much as I wish AMD getting ahead, this is not good news for efficient ARM servers. Just twisting an old joke: Good software development methodology is like a UFO - everybody has heard of it, nobody has seen it. Restricting a creative process into some pre-baked confines of thinking doesn't make a sense to me. Some rules are vital thought those should not get too much in the way. I think only organically growing your rules makes sense and you've got to accept there will be situations where you have to break them or they won't allow you to adjust your strategy. Imagine a huge company that standardized on some well-tested processes/methodologies that served well in the past and were adjusted as it was growing. Staying with the same set of methodologies might kill the company's future if the structure of its workforce changes, technology moves forward, competitor has more efficient methodology for achieving returns etc. Often methodologies are used internally for political gains, pursuing promotions and power and "change agents" don't really care that much about improving efficiency, instead riding the wave of a currently cool methodology as recognized by the upper management. I find it quite funny. Monads were considered a hack to functional programming to add some imperative features like, you know, IO and similar funky stuff for which there was no math theory. Now seeing them grafted to a language that is considered the golden measure of all imperative languages is kinda LOL. Sure, monads come from category theory. IO and interactivity doesn't. Yes, though futures were always like that when you look at Java for example. Java always suffered from the need to prepare complex design patterns to do simplest things as it was much less flexible than C++. Now C++ is getting there as well. I personally would stick with some earlier C++ standard and use Haskell for my functional programming needs. Feels much more natural than trying to bend each language to support every thought process imaginable, and doing a poor job at that. Very nice! An interesting approach! Did you also consider using some more advanced geometry representation of terrain other than heightfields, such as triangulated irregular networks? That would allow you to choose an error threshold for each LOD and seamlessly join neighboring patches together without the need to use vertex shaders for it. I did my own "Google Earth"-alike using a modified BDAM algorithm a couple of years ago. It required Hadoop preprocessing of detailed input data (resolution in meters), parallel terrain simplification using quadric error metrics and edge collapses and produced a set of layers at different LODs. The cool thing about it was that you could have chosen the desired screen-space error and fetch only those LODs that were fitting - usually these had far smaller size than regular heightfields of the same resoultion/error. You could have also incorporated roads, rivers, buildings, bridges, tunnels straight into your terrain geometry, as well as different textures for each sub-part of it. The tessellation was a bit funky (BDAM uses triangular patches instead of tiles) however there are also variants that utilize rectangular tiles. Vertex shader was then used to simulate 64-bit precision, giving uniform rendering detail in centimeters for the whole Solar system. Geometry shader could add more detail into it and overall it was very snappy online as the size of downloaded data was smaller than with regular meshes. Completely understood, it's better to focus on interesting 3D stuff and easier to do it this way in JavaScript than to handle tile caching using WebWorkers/WebSockets and local storage in a language that doesn't support proper multithreading. Yes, the project was completed and working fine though it ended up buried deep within my former employer's R&D lab and I have no update if they are using parts of it anywhere. They got acquired and another office was aggressively taking over, getting rid of internal competing technologies. I also had a prior experience in adding dynamic 3D cities and vector maps into NASA's World Wind, and therefore writing a completely own globe from the scratch was a joy ;-) I am thinking about doing similar apps in WebGL and Qt and writing some tutorials on how to do it as I progress, so perhaps we can inspire each other then. First I need to finish some tutorials for advanced 2D geometry and Bezier curves though (Illustrator-class algorithms with JavaScript + HTML5 live examples). Thanks for writing this inspiring piece! :) I believe there are two problems in flight simulators: - insufficient precision of OpenGL 32-bit floats in Earth-scale computations. If you want to render the whole Earth, you'll find that at the ground level your precision is only 16m resulting in jittering as you move. This was usually solved by "zoning" and local coordinate systems, hence it was easier to deal with a smaller set of ground "tiles" and haze out the distant ones. Having said all that, nowadays you can use vertex shaders to simulate 64-bit (or rather 56-bit) precision and get around 1cm resolution at any distance - the need to have various LODs that include curvature of the Earth with significantly increased error tolerances, which in turn increases memory consumption. Again, nowadays should be no longer an issue given entry-level GPUs having 1GB of RAM and geometry shaders Jean Michel Jarre - Music for the Supermarkets That would be under an assumption that the distribution of planes around the globe is even. Given most jetliners are flying in corridors, I would say the actual probability is much much lower. The same can be probably said about meteorites - I guess their geographic distribution is uneven as well. Can you combine this with AVISynth for rendering videos? It would be cool to be able to completely bypass Lightroom when I need to process individual images and do it instead in a single script. It's probably common in technology area that due to Dunning-Kruger effect many super talented engineers have low self-esteem and real-life skills, and are attracted by "magical" personalities, forming narcissist-codependent pairs. I see it all around, it's sad, but unless engineers fix their broken "insides", it's going to happen. It's then pretty logical that the narcissistic part of the pair gets all the fame, spotlight, power, and the co-dependent part gets used, squeezed, depleted and thrown away once not useful. D-K goes both ways - unskilled think of themselves highly, highly skilled lowly. I often wonder if this is the ultimate joke of the Universe embedded deeply in the fabric of "matrix". I understand you, I had some experiences when I had to continuously facepalm when dealing with politics, ideas that had a strong push due to nepotism and cronyism, threatening somebody's power by presenting and executing superior non-trivial ideas in a very short time that became the base of the whole operations etc. In the end I decided I don't want to waste my life working for people propagating this way of working and had to completely overhaul my strategy. I can give you a few advices (with your intelligence you are aware of them anyway though might not have been acting on them so far): 1) start your own business(es) that can be automated to a large extent. You'd spend 1 hour a day running it, making adjustments and in time it would grow to sustain you 100%. There are still a plenty of areas you can focus at, you might have avoided them because they are "easy", or "anyone could do that", "uninteresting" etc. Yet they give you a recurring income that would give you freedom to pursue whatever you want to do. 2) accept (and give) only partnerships when working with someone, on fair terms 3) do a reasonable long-term investing, 80% "stable", 20% risky or whatever reasonable ratio suits you 4) when forced to work on something due to economical circumstances, sudden change of directions due to acquisition etc. with which you can't agree, stop using your emotions there and do the average expected work, while preserving energy and attention to your future opportunities 5) retain your integrity. Compromising yourself weakens you immensely 6) make sure you are on top of your game all the time - get excellent at chosen difficult MOOCs, do some new thing with an utmost focus (arts?), anything where you can get a real feedback about your capabilities and progress You should understand you hold enormous power even as an individual. Perhaps because of your past generosity or good will you didn't use it or were led to believe that you can't do a lot of things - I think your subconsciousness is rebelling to such thoughts, hence the strong reactions you have. You can literally bring whole companies to the ground if you wish to, or create something unique that empowers others in a good way. Most people become mediocre, uninspiring, "happiness" pursuers, take some kind of blue pill, yet still thinking they have the best ideas, are brilliant, master minds etc. They will never understand what is going on once you start utilizing your mind to improve some small part of life for everyone. There is just too much of "me too" in design nowadays. I was really dismayed when MS came up with Metro/Modern and suddenly most vocal designers flipped switch and started to produce designs inspired by the new MS's design language. No creativity there at all, just plain boring simplistic uniformly colored boxes. I guess even Apple caught the metroitis with iOS 7. No idea what went on over there, from UI that was appreciated as the most beautiful, polished and envied it just borrowed approach from the most controversial that many find disgusting (hey, was the default color palette chosen by color blind people?). We had the same problem when hiring designers for our creative product - most designers just flat out copied all sorts of ugly trendy flat designs. I really don't want my app to look like it was designed by the 5-year old Miró that just discovered boxes in MS Paint. What is happening in design? Is it the same thing that happened with classical music when modernists completely broke historic standards and started to produce "intellectual" music that maybe 5% of population can appreciate, the rest just suffers through? I can automate creation of ugly boxes/flat stuff myself, I don't need designers to do that. From a designer I would expect something original, expression of craftmanship that will discern my work from the others. Not uniformity. boto.mws is absolutely essential for e-commerce on Amazon. I can't even think of moving to 3.x because of that. Not to mention other critical components like Excel processing etc. 2->3 is a major problem in Python, can't understand the thinking behind breaking that much compatibility. Compare this to Java. I think people see what they want to see. Current Zeitgeist is pointing towards approving use of pot for recreational purposes while ignoring all the risks or even discrediting anyone saying the opposite. I deeply remember one episode from my adolescence when another kid smoke a large amount of pot in the basement and suddenly started yelling: "Dragon, I see dragon!" while having his eyes open in an expression of fear for a few hours. From my point of view, pot smoking is another horrible idea such as cigarette smoking - it annoys anyone who doesn't smoke as the air quality deteriorates and damages both active and passive participant's health. Moreover, certain parts of population are prone to damage their brains as well as compromise their will, instead running away to "lalaland" whenever they face any challenge. There is a saying in Frankfurt nightclubs that you can't build a business on stoners and some nightclubs had to close due to having their business deteriorating due to unofficially allowing pot inside. Similar to crack cocaine in Rio de Janeiro when the drug trafficking favelados decided not to sell it anymore as it was killing their own customers and business. As a professional photographer I can see what drugs are doing to my models - you have a world-class awesome beauty with a great personality one year, and the next year a train-wreck with horrible changes to physiology and likely involved in escorting business. In other words, I see the movement to legalize pot as another insanity in progress. And we think humanity is evolving... Yes, it's a horrible tragedy what is happening in Mexico, especially border cities like Ciudad Juarez and Tijuana, as well as other South American or Middle-Eastern countries due to drug trafficking. Ask people in northern Mexico what do they think - most of them will tell you that they just want Americans to take all the drugs and the facilities to USA and keep them away from Mexico so that they can live normal lives and not be threatened by Zetas and Gulf cartel gunners hijacking buses and forcing participants to fight in gladiator-style for survival, or to dig 5000 graves of women killed by gangs of Juarez at the outskirts of the city. Why do they have to suffer all the consequences when some people in the US need to be "high" to feel good about themselves? The problem is in YOU guys, not in the war on drugs. Congrats! Great job guys! Just a few questions - what algorithm do you use for geometry simplification? Is it based on quadric error metrics edge collapses? How do you join tiles of different LODs? Any papers on reconstructing 3D from your drones? Is actually anyone considering JavaScript not to be "ruined" by default in the first place? On ARM the tempo is considerably slower than on AMD64 and on SPARC it seems to play a lot more instruments at the same time. LOL What a parody! With this article she effectively destroyed her business... Unbelievable! Nobody with a brain would like to work for her after a simple search for references and her customers must be already scratching their heads if they can trust that a business with her as a head would stay afloat... Unless she is linked to EU funds that can keep her business funded regardless of performance due to political connections, I don't think many people would be willing to bet on her. This is not about making tough calls when they are necessary, it's about exhibiting inability to comprehend basic business and operational issues and inability to at least conceal that fact by issuing meaningless statements. I am wondering if the prolonged latencies from most of the Google services I am experiencing in the past few years are somehow related to using Spanner instead of the previously conventional "compute in advance offline"-"serve immediately" approach. The Spanner paper mentioned they sacrificed a bit of latency (from nanoseconds in DHT lookup to milliseconds). I understand it's more convenient for Google developers to have more predictable thought framework instead of making every single project a piece of art while spending most of the time fighting inconsistencies arising from eventual consistency. The question is if it was worth it? I remember time when Google services were amazingly fast - that time is unfortunately gone :-( I meant the traditional NoSQL architecture (like what LinkedIn was using) where you had offline batch processing based on Map Reduce executed regularly during the day and the results were stored in a distributed hash table with super low latency and eventual consistency. This made access super fast but inflexible, i.e. only what was precomputed could have been accessed. Amazon estimated that each 1 ms of additional latency costs them a few million dollars a year as well as decreases rate of returning users. For low latency there is still nothing better than eventual consistency, so they may be driven by the bottom line. Also, from my experience of being a merchant on Amazon with hundreds of thousands of items in inventory that need to be updated almost realtime as prices/stock changes all the time, leading to a few millions updates a day (in bulk), I can't envision how Amazon would be able to achieve fast import from a horde of merchants like me on any SQL system. I wish the same. I needed over 160 BD-R to archive 5K RAW footage of my around the world movie and just archiving them on a single BluRay writer took a few days. I wish there was more progress in consumer space...