This is a preview of the future without oil. The North Koreans lost all their oil subsidies from the Soviets in the early 90s. That's why they had the famines in the 90s, nobody drives cars and why there are no tractors. Scala is actually a better Ruby. All the messy fun stuff that we all love with Ruby like duck typing and monkey patching can be done easily with Scala, except it's all statically typed so it keeps the whole mess under control. For instance, you can have a duck type as a function argument that's contract is it implements a particular method signature. In Ruby there is no type type enforcement so you can get runtime errors when you pass in an object that doesn't have the right method, while in Scala the compiler catches it. You can monkey patch by doing implicit conversions in Scala to a rich type, allowing one to add methods to the Integer class, for example, but if you have to libraries that do the same monkey patch Scala will alert you to ambiguous situations. In Ruby this depends on load order and can cause all kinds of screwy bugs. When I get a compiler error in Scala it's almost always something that would cause a runtime error in a non statically typed language. The downside is that the error messages can be difficult to parse and resolve for beginners. Once I got over the learning curve, I realized that in almost all cases the compiler was trying to tell me something very useful. I do get a little annoyed at all the Haskell/OCaml type nerds trying to do things with the type system that are not particularly practical, for instance: http://apocalisp.wordpress.com/2010/06/16/type-level-program... Some micro pc that can run DD-WRT would probably be ideal. Here's a much better article on alcohol: http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/par7.htm There are much healthier, perfectly legal, and arguably more fun ways to alter one's neurochemistry than alcohol. If I told you all how to do it though, then dumb kids would take it way too far, the moral panic would ensue, things would get banned for no good reason, and I'd have to go back to drinking alcohol. I worked with an Indian guy for a few years. He said that in India it is extremely unusual for a person to not follow an extremely rigid career track. It's the legacy of the cast system pigeonholing people into various professions. In the caste system, your identity very narrowly dictates your job. In the west, job and identity are far more distinct. >“The problem is, over and over again, that many very creative young people, who have demonstrated their creativity, can't figure out what the system wants of them—which hoops should they jump through? I think that's the main problem. The system doesn't know what it wants. Why anyone would stay at a job like that is beyond me. 12 hour days 7 days a week? That's just stupid. Much rather program mind-numbingly boring business apps and go home at 5. No doubt they'll add some special extension that uses perl for the drawing commands just so -- you know -- nothing but Ie9 can parse it. I picture a hashed biometric identifier that goes in the bottom 64 bits of your ipv6 address, every time you do anything online with any conceivable connected device. Looked at that collection. I've read a lot of Austrian stuff and I'd say that Hayek's elaboration of the trade cycle and the dynamics of international currencies are the two greatest works of Austrian Economics. They are not the basics by any means though and are pretty tough going, as hard as reading books on compiler design. http://mises.org/books/monetarynationalism.pdf http://mises.org/books/pricesproduction.pdf Good point. I think the French are the only ones that develop any decent pharmaceuticals outside the U.S. One of the most successful French pharmaceuticals is Tianeptine. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tianeptine It's sort of a French Prozac but with a number of unique benefits that Prozac doesn't have. It's approved in several European countries but NOT in the U.K, and is only available in the U.S on the imported pharmaceutical grey market. Once it goes out of patent, and if it has not been approved for use in the U.S, it will NEVER be approved, ever, for any use in the U.S. That's because nobody would pay the 100s of millions of dollars to approve a drug that a competitor can produce as a generic. I tried to beat the market using all kinds of AI stuff off and on for a number of years. Learned a lot about AI techniques, and became a better programmer, which helped in my day job, but never got anywhere. It's a fool's game. Besides, most of these HFT systems hold positions for only a few minutes or less. There's no way someone without a huge account, to cover commissions from trading so much, and access to a lot of expensive real-time data streams could possibly make any headway at it. Not to say there aren't people who do make money at trading, but they are swing traders and/or people who've figured something out about the market that the market doesn't know yet, and thus has not revealed at all in the price movements of the stock. Since price movements are the primary input into a lot of trading algorithms, most trading algorithms are blind to these developments. Well what if you could give your self a brain upgrade via gene therapy? What's so bad about that? I guess many would be upset as it would go against our ideology here in America that frowns on any suggestion that intelligence has innate components. He's solved the traveling salesman problem in Log(n) time. I think this article is a great demonstration of Poe's Law. The ascent of foursquare is a big win for Scala and Lift too, given that it's probably the most high profile Lift/Scala project out there. You can put it right next to your Apple Pippin. To do real science you need a hypothesis, a control and an experiment. Finding correlations in historical datasets after the fact is not really science. It's good for formulating hypothesis but it's not science, at least as described by Francis Bacon or Karl Popper. Good science provides falsifiable predictions, more dubious things that are called "science" merely provide scientific sounding explanations for natural phenomenon. If we constructed the laws of physics merely by observing the planets we could have concluded that a mass rotated around an axis will move in epicycles, which is how the pre-Copernican astronomers explained the movements of Mars. Astronomy is merely the application of experimentally determined physics here on earth to the movement of celestial bodies. I thought the 70s were all about global cooling? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_cooling The only thing that affects how much weight you gain or lose over a period of time is calorie consumption, your height, age and weight, and to a lesser extent, your activity level. Here's everything you need to know: http://www.fourmilab.ch/hackdiet/www/hackdiet.html Literally, that's it. Read the hacker diet and you won't need to listen to or read another thing about dieting for the rest of your life. When I was doing remote software consulting I would literally get up at 7pm, go out clubbing. Not drink, come home at 1 or 2 am and code till about 9am and then talk to clients for a few hours and then go to sleep. It was totally k-rad awesome. I find that if I work regular hours after work I can't enjoy myself because I am totally burnt out from the work day and just want to go sleep. Doing the most stressful act of the day, talking with clients, right before I went to sleep was perfect. I read a bit of the history of PayPal. It seems like they spent an enormous amount of time dealing with fraud and security issues. One important thing to realize is that in a credit bubble the price of things like houses, college education, etc increase even as the supply rapidly increases. This is because there is more and more credit available to pay for them from the same constant income stream of the consumer. This increase in credit is caused by the lowering of lending standards and interest rates. This credit is payed for by a continuous stream of income. Once the stream of income is fully tapped and debt service becomes around 30% of income, credit can no longer grow and a deflationary cycle gets going where the prices of those goods that were inflated by credit revert to the prices that they would have commanded had the supply of those goods (housing,education,etc) just been increasing and not the money supply. The "deflation" is the business infrastructure built around constant expansion of debt collapsing. In the end it is healthy as the economy was unreasonably warped towards over-production of credit secured assets. This warping is what has led to the current underconsumption of house-poor and student-loan poor individuals who are unable to spend because they sold their productive years, in the form of debt payments, to the dream of making it rich by overpaying for credit inflated goods. WHEN DOES THIS END? This ends when we reach the end of the K-Wave and prices come back down to levels where the cap rate on renting a house competes well with risky bonds. Even then, you've got the whole multitude of debt laden consumers who need to default on everything so they can have some spending money again. Unfortunately they are not yet out of the woods as higher taxation by our government, in order to pay its debts, is still an on-going problem that will overhang the economy until the massive bulge of government pensioners of the baby boomer era start to die-off and we end the Iraq/Afghanistan wars. Yeah, when you're using Open Office you can always ask the person your sending the spreadsheet to to download OpenOffice to read it. Especially if they are someone you're paying money to, like a consultant or an outside firm. It's free after all. The idea is that the multi-nationals can sell stuff to third worlders at near cost to build market share or comply with price controls and mark up 500% in another country to take advantage of subsidies, medicare reimbursements, perceived brand "value", or on-the-sly price collusion with other vendors and no screwy small fry grey market traders can get in the way of their "marketing policies". We have so much innovation and technological advancement that there's now quite a lot of energy put into controlling the dissemination of technology. For instance, look at how much effort our government spends controlling the dissemination of 70 year old nuke technology to countries like Iran. I have an alternative theory that people want to vent their anxiety over the crappy economy, Obama not living up to their expectations, etc. but can't. The media only gives them the iphone antenna thing or ,a few months back, the Toyota acceleration non-issue as places to focus their anger on. I am a Java developer in my day to day work but I'll give a few reasons: 1. The memory footprint of the JVM is significantly larger for a similar app vs. PHP. Also, it requires a lot of tricky JVM option tweaking to get it to work in anything less than about 512mb. 2. The build environment is really heavy weight and complicated. Maven seemed crazy at first though working with it for a while finally got me used to it. It's still crazy complicated compared to rails/python. 3. Lack of code reloading when you hit refresh. JavaRebel fixes this, for a price. 4. Java code is really verbose. You have to become an expert at a lot of IDE features before you can get decent productivity. You absolutely cannot use a simple text editor or anything less than one of the big 3 IDEs (Eclipse, Net Beans, Intellij) and get anywhere. The future is bright though for the JVM. I have started to work more with Scala/Lift lately and I am really blown away at how fast and powerful it is compared to traditional Java development. There are a number of companies that provide support for PostgreSQL. Enterprise DB is probably the most prominent of them. Kind of funny that they didn't have a good technical reason not to use PostgreSQL, just that the community was smaller. Postgres 9, with streaming replication and easy to setup bullet proof read only slave replication will probably move momentum in the direction of PostgreSQL. The replication was always easier to setup on MySQL, which gave it an advantage. The replication is reliable, it's just that with the 8.0 releases, it's an add-on and not obvious to setup (e.g with Slony have to do special procedures to properly replicate DDL changes, it required having triggers on replicated tables, etc). In 9.0 replication is built in, transparent, and trivial to setup. "Actual inflation = A + B * (output gap) + Expected inflation" Typical economic equation with a whole bunch of poorly defined fudge variables that can fit absolutely any data set and is completely lacking in falsifiability. "But here’s the thing: the inflation-adjusted Phillips curve predicts not just deflation, but accelerating deflation in the face of a really prolonged economic slump." Ah.. But what causes a prolonged economic slump? Deflation.. and what causes an end to the economic slump, inflation. So what causes inflation and deflation? Consumer Psychology? Animal Spirits? High Interest Rates? Low Interest Rates? Equations where you can plug in the right numbers and get the results that match the historical data set? Ok Krugman, stop pussy footing around. You want us to blow out the deficit just like Japan did and have the government spend trillions on infrastructure and the fed to keep interest rates at zero forever. What this will do is make sure that the economy stays in deflation until the entire generation that is mired in debt up to their eyeballs and lives paycheck to paycheck goes broke, or in the case of student loans, dies. See you on the other side of the Kondratieff wave in about 20 years pal. I know you'll take all the credit for it. I think rail doesn't get anywhere in the U.S because it makes it to easy for "undesirable elements" to get to places they're not wanted too easily. I think that's the incredibly sad but honest truth of it all. The class differences in the United States are far more extreme than most people realize, mostly because people stay inside their tight little class bubbles all day long in their private cars, driving to work and back and rarely venturing out to get a latte every once in a while. I think the main enabler of political corruption is politicians aren't paid enough. In the U.S, they oversee trillion dollar budgets yet are paid less than $100,000. It's a recipe for corruption. Politicians in Singapore pay themselves a few million dollars annually and Transparency international rates Singapore as the 3rd least corrupt country in the world. The important stuff in the U.S is controlled by creating false dichotomies between different alternatives that both assume a uniform underlying reality and are different in practically meaningless ways. Anything that's different from these false alternatives is assumed to be one of the false alternatives, will be viewed as kook material or will take several hours to explain. There is also plenty of genuine kook material mixed in to all of this that makes it hard to separate the wheat from the chaff. The only thing that can really knock the average American out of this is long term exposure to alternatives that exist in other cultures. Ever notice how people who are well traveled often have a more nuanced understanding of most contemporary topics? Orwell was just predicting what the future would be like if Stalinism took over the world in 1984. He had plenty of experience with it while fighting in the Spanish Civil War on the side of the anarchists POUM and often in conflict with the Stalinist backed factions. The government of North Korea was founded by Kim Il Sung who was hand picked by Stalin to run the country, so it's only natural that they would try to implement the model Orwell was talking about. I use emacs for most of my text editing. I hate using vim because I find all the mode switching to be really annoying. I like how keys always mean one thing in emacs, even if it results in the occasional bit of emacs pinky. Here's a fourth : Blimps. Bioethics attracts all the weirdos who want to propose really off the wall crazy crap, like drugging the water supply, and call it "ethics". Let's take a look at the Table of Contents of the Journal of Bioethics shall we ( http://www.bioethics.net/journal/ ) * Should Human Beings Have Sex? Sexual Dimorphism and Human Enhancement * The Risks of “Sexual Normalcy” * Humans Should Be Free of All Biological Limitations Including Sex * Response to Open Peer Commentaries on “Human Dignity and Transhumanism: Do Anthro-Technological Devices [nonbiological entities introduced into or attached to the human body] Have Moral Status?” The whole discipline of bioethics is basically about trolling... or they're serious :/. Anytime anybody brings up fluoride somebody else brings up Dr. StrangeLove, it might as well be a knock knock joke. I wish people would actually look into the science. People thought DDT was unquestionably great too. The "Greatest Generation" who guaranteed themselves the "Greatest Retirement" package. In the fairy tale, all the goods and services they consume will come from the magic money tree that the government fertilized somewhere with all the money they paid into social security. Back in reality land, a smaller population of heavily taxed and badly paid members of the Gen X and Gen Y cohort will have to change grandma's bed pan and they better be damned productive given how long everyone's living. I think the analyze emotions thing might work. Everyone with a facebook/twitter profile will have a little floating icon above their head in augmented reality world though. I find Indeed.com to be a fairly objective indicator as to the job market for a particular language: http://www.indeed.com/jobtrends?q=scala+developer,+clojure+d... This guy should move to Russia. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/2470... I am really curious to see what happens in 10 years when the baby boomers start to die. The younger gen Y has been so throughly infantilized by their parents that we're going to be this "Home Alone" nation without any adult supervision. Gen X will have to step up to a very unfamiliar leadership position. Oh you think geek culture jumped the shark? Wait till the Facebook movie comes out. Fake. http://www.snopes.com/inboxer/hoaxes/computer.asp The fundamental goal of capitalism, at least American capitalism, is to increase the amount of passive income generated by business activity. The functional representation of this is that lenders share of economic activity increases and the borrowers share decreases, and you are all borrowers because you pay taxes and the government pays enormous interest on its debts. In fact, the only people who are not borrowers to some extent are those who live off tax free government bonds. Cold turkey is a damned hard way to give up caffeine. I find slowly dolling out powdered caffeinated drink mix to myself in water at smaller and smaller doses to work better.