Nonsense. For every legitimate example of such a malware-infected program you can think of or find, the community can point you to at least X others that are completely clean. Your suggestion is not a practical one, but rather an opinionated one. And the hiku does what, exactly? One of the most useless websites I've ever seen. It barely has any details on what the hiku is or what it does; and if I wanted more info, I'd have to go to their support section on another domain to peruse their "FAQ". No thanks. Have you ever tried to scan barcodes with a cellphone? For anything other than some sort of "novelty" "let's trying this cool new QR hipster app" type of situation. Their examples look amazing and pretty. But. Good luck trying to use them, though. They're very delicate, and break unless you make sure to find all the relevant CSS and cruft around them. Definitely not "plug and play". Not to mention your blog engine/site is broken. Please fix the fact that we can't click on the right scrollbar due to your fancy shmancy javascript side menu. Put it on the left hand side, or don't overlay it over the scrollbar. Damn #hipstercoders So famous is only for fast javascript browsers? That says it all... damn #hipstercoders. And yes, it works fast on chrome, dog slow on Firefox. Since when did we decide to collectively ignore Firefox users because we want to use some fancy shmancy JS framework so we can write our code using an "opinionated" approach? And I quote "opinionated" as that is precisely how the readme describes the "famou.us" way of building "rich, fast web applications". You make it seem as if she had no way to stop it. As far as I'm concerned, if you can stop violence, you have a moral duty to do so. Otherwise, you are complicit in said violence. At the very least she should have SAID something about it. But no, politicians stay quiet instead of rocking the boat so that they can keep all "buddy buddy" with their fellow ruling-class members. They'd rather have you believe that voting with your wallet doesn't work. They would prefer that you think the only way to enact change is through coercive governmental power. It fits their world-view and pocket-book quite nicely. Amazing... And very smooth! In one of the graph examples, I plugged in 500 nodes, thinking it would crash. But it failed very gracefully, and simply "slowed" things down instead of jittering into oblivion. I can't seem to be able to find good examples of kinectJS in action. Could you please point me to some solid examples or in-depth tutorials? I think what's confusing me the most is I'm not quite sure how or what "html5canvastutorials" has to do with KinectJS. But thanks for the link, I'll go about giving it another try :) These sorts of things are an unfortunate side-effect of the fact that individuals aren't allowed to write off their expenses as tax-deductible. Sort of how companies are allowed to write off their own expenses before calculating tax on "earnings". So the market gravitates towards compensating employees in a tax-deductible sort of way. He's on his soap box, again. Apparently, he's an expert in absolutely everything under the sun. Therefore we must listen to him, err, or something like that. Treat it like a plain blog. Take it with a grain of salt as it's just one way, one person's opinion. If you like it, great. If not, move along... Just because he's got good advice on certain topics, doesn't mean we should listen to him on everything else. Classic intelligentsia syndrome. That's the media for you, and not necessarily "Fox" or whatever x-wing group you seem to dislike. Fox news is only seen as "bad" because it doesn't exaggerate reality to the side that the majority like. The other news media outlets do the exact same thing, just towards the other side of the narrative. Both sides of the media play on peoples' emotions. The real question is: are you intellectually honest enough to entertain views and thoughts for their own merit without dismissing them flatly just because "they're from Fox", "John Stossel", or "Romney". "Locally raised and spent" If only. That would be a great form of funding community governance. Where local communities help themselves up, instead of practically begging for scraps from a wealthy government that really doesn't care until it gets them votes. Change has to come from within. And it won't come so long as people think like you. i.e. "Change can come when funding comes from better places" Which completely ignores the real problems and real difficulties facing real people in those places you seem to not want to live in. Ask yourself why you don't want to live there. Ah yes, so it's my fault that groups of individuals decided to not take care of their neighborhood, right. Sorry, no, but people need to take responsibility for their own actions. And I will in no way share blame for a second generation further ruining their kids' futures because they're too short-sighted and expect the rest of us to do it for them. We as a society can only share blame for one generation. The next one is on the parents. The standard argument I've heard against "accountability" is that "leaders" won't "lead" properly if they know they could be held accountable for the consequences after leaving "office". It's utter bullshit, and there is absolutely no way for any of us to change it, or do anything about it. I'd call for us to 'scientificize' the shit out of politics, but it would do no good. We all know what an utter failure the social sciences are when it comes to the scientific method. Mainly due to unpredictable human nature and the vagueness of social and political policy. I seem to recall them getting a big fat law suit when they tried to bundle things with their OS. Perhaps they don't bundle things anymore for a reason? Interesting library + concept. I'll definitely keep an eye on it for future projects. Some minor issues: The video tutorials are very hard to follow. I say this as someone that has never worked with Rails or Ruby. So when you start talking about "routes", "partials" and I see code referencing "paginate" and erb files on your server code... In very alien-looking syntax, I might add. It makes for a very hard "tutorial" to follow. I would definitely suggest making server tech-agnostic tutorials. Where you simply talk about the urls being requested, what they return and how they interact with the client-side. Please exclude specific server-side tech, no matter how cool or "fancy" it is, or how knowledgeable you are in it. I'm curious about this "20% annual maintenance fee" you mentioned. Care to elaborate a little more on it? Or is in the podcast you linked? You missed the biggest one, bud: 4. Governments are guaranteed to interfere. Either to help, or impede. No, I'm saying it's the parents' fault for their children remaining poor. Or did you not read anything I wrote and just blatantly jumped to conclusions? As someone who has come from a poor family, I know full well what sacrifice and hard work can do to uplift your children's prospects in the world. Even if that means drastic life changes. And as a consequence of that, I will not accept peoples' excuses for remaining in poverty. Nor will I share the blame for their failings. Of course Pickety doesn't mention it. That would ruin his narrative. And it wouldn't back his central thesis and proposal to tax the living excrement out of the rich. You know, to fix a problem none of us ever knew of until he "told us" about it in his giant weary book. But I'll hold off on a proper rant about him and his book once I've read it. I'm still looking for a proof that income inequality is a "threat" to "democracy"... Or as he put it, the "meritocratic values of democracy". As if we have anything remotely resembling a "meritocratic" society, even if it was a democratic one. Agreed. This has historically always been the case. There is a reason that early cities formed around navigable waterways, trade-routes, or near specific wealth-making resources. One need only look to the middle east that was almost entirely desert and small-towns a short while ago (relatively speaking) to get a more recent and visible example of this. Equality is the exception, not the rule throughout history, including the recent "enlightened" one. So you're basically saying that you're only a "hacker" if you do stuff with hardware. That is completely upside down, if not borderline elitist. Building stuff and "hacking" has no requirement for hardware. It hasn't been that way for a long while. Now excuse me while I gladly take our Raspberry Pis, Arduinos and "software" thingimaggigs off your precious lawn. Well, then we obviously differ in our definitions of "not wasting" our lives. I find time spent creating something/anything as worthwhile, whereas you find time spent being challenged as worthwhile. In the end we're both creating something; spawning usefulness from our own doing. It's still a learning experience, even if you're not overly technically challenged or frustrated. I agree with you, of course. Though I'd say it's not just wealth, but political clout and "connectedness" as well. There are quite a few influential community/union leaders that aren't all that wealthy, but command a great deal of political power. Both by virtue of the people who they "lead" and the contacts they have in various levels of government. What I'm trying to point out with the above is that: We are already assuming that the wealthy have a selfish or non-altruistic motive behind their actions, simply by virtue of them having wealth. If we go down that route, then we essentially need to admit that the problem isn't that the wealthy are selfish, but that their wealth enables them to exert that selfishness much more. You are most certainly right that this is a flaw of government, or democracy in general. However, it is not a flaw of capitalism. It is, in fact, a virtue of capitalism: that money represents our "vote". But that vote doesn't magically stay with us, it get's transferred every time we "vote", or buy things. Nope, we're with you on this one. It's a flat-out money grab. From an institution that we expect to keep the internet running. Great idea, right? You know, instead, they could fix the damn email and content spamming rampantly going on the internet. But no, those things don't give ICANN yearly profits. I guess they fail to realize that spam-detection is one of the main things behind Gmail's phenomenal success since its inception. Oh so squatters are bad, but the people that enable them aren't? What they have now is a devious double-standard system. It starts off with "first-come, first-serve" and then when money is involved and some large/well-established entity cries foul, they then change the rules to be "more-money, first-serve". Now don't get me wrong, I think domain squatting is a horrible, horrible practice. But we really need to solve the root of the problem, and that is a greedy ICANN that enables domain-registrars, and itself, to double-dip the cake for profit! First they could start by revoking domain ownership if spam comes from there. If it keeps persisting and from multiple different IP addresses from the same block, start taking IP blocks away until it stops. Spam email doesn't just appear out of the ether. It comes from an email, a domain, and finally IP addresses. Now I know the technical details are lacking, and they obviously need to account for offenders that fix their stuff, but I'm just trying to illustrate that it is do-able. The above is for email spam. Content spam is a little bit different, and would step on quite a few toes. I view content spam as websites that mirror Wikipedia/SO/GoogleGroups for example. Or sites that simply fill their pages with garbage, referral links, URL's to game search-engine rankings, etc. Again, start by revoking the worst offende's domain ownership. Eventually, you'll be able to get rid of domain-squatters as well because it invariably means that they have to put meaningful content on their site and not useless junk. So it's a use it properly, or lose it sort of situation. The above is just not very easy, and it'll cost ICANN registration fees with seemingly no ROI. But that's a problem with ICANN. Registration fees started off as a way to prevent spamming and everyone snatching up all domains, but it's quickly turned in to a revenue cow for ICANN. They're trying to have their cake and eat it at the same time. Either they're a non-profit government/UN organization and function for the public good. Or they're a for-profit entity and they need to have their MONOPOLY status/powers revoked. "How does email spam come from a domain? You can just set whatever domain you want in the headers. For a long time, I had spammers using my personal domain in their From: headers, sent from their servers (I knew because I received automated replies on my catch-all box). What exactly would be accomplished by taking away my domain?" Solutions to prevent/combat email header spoofing have been gaining quite a bit of traction and are quite prevalant. And yes, if that means taking the domain away from people that don't implement said solutions, then poof you've lost the domain. It would accomplish getting rid of domain owners that enable spammers. "As for IP blocks, that's like throwing napalm to kill a few weeds. You'd affect hundreds or thousands of users of an ISP just to kill a spammer, who will just move to the next connection." If you lease out IPs that have been assigned to you to a spammer, then you better get him off your network. Otherwise you'll lose your entire block. It's not rocket science, nor is it overkill. You mention that spammers will move on to the next connection if they get kicked off. Yeah, well that's not really ICANN's problem is it, that's up to the IP block lessee's to solve if they want to start sub-leasing out to unknown/untrusted individuals in the public. "So instead of issuing TLDs, they could start performing censorship. I'm seriously glad they don't share your views." There is a big difference between censorship and removing junk from your network. Perhaps it is something we should worry about, but we should have thought of censorship BEFORE we allowed the US to maintain control of ICANN, don't you think? "Having a website sitting somewhere is not spam" Probably not the common definition, but if it pollutes the domain/tld namespace with useless/junk domains then yes you can call it spam. "It's not being pushed on anyone; if search engines are indexing content that their users don't want to see, that's their problem" I agree with you. However, my point was more along the lines of "use it for something useful, or lose it" in order to both prevent useless domain squatting AND content spam. "Many of us around the world already find the US' TV censorship quite ridiculous, we don't need any more of that." Nope, we don't, I agree with you. Hence why I suggested we either treat ICANN like a for-profit private enterprise with NO government monopoly or privilege of licensing, OR we damn well make sure it behaves like non-profit acting for the public good. I.e. no lucrative money grabs such as the one in this article. Assuming that's even possible with an entity controlled by the US government. Look. These are just some ideas we can implement to combat spam and other malicious behavior on the internet. But sticking our heads in the sand by ignoring some of these solutions just because they aren't perfect is definitely not going to fix them. At the very least they're better than what we have now. I didn't have a problem with it until I read your comment. Then I went back and re-tried it. Somehow, I just couldn't quite wrap my head around how to use it... Perhaps it's the act of me trying to "overthink" how to use the UI as opposed to just using it in what comes natural through innocent exploration. So if I don't even use my domain for email, I'm liable to lose it because I don't have the knowledge or even awareness to set up the proper SPF records or whatever solution du jour? That's a terrible tax on people who just want to have their own small website. I never said that. Are you even trying to have a discussion, or just disagreeing for its own sake? Not really, because they don't usually censor. It should be something we should worry about if we gave you the control of ICANN. Didn't you just complain about US government censorship in your previous post? Either way, you're blatantly clumping together censorship with other things, so it's pointless to discuss this point with you. No, because "useless" is subjective. Doesn't matter if the majority of people agree with the subjective opinion. And currently we have the subjective opinion of the few managers of the ICANN calling all the shots. I don't see why is this TLD scheme against the public good in any way. Transferring money from big companies to an organization which provides such a core service seems great to me, and all the downsides I've been hearing about are mostly people's aesthetically sensibilities being hurt. Wow, you didn't actually read anything I wrote about this point, did you? Guess that wouldn't fit your narrative or suit your argument. Adding censorship is never better. That's your opinion, really. Again, loaded with a biased and opinionated definition of "censorship", rendering discussion of this point with you pretty useless. Good day. Looks like someone has been watching too many Matt Damon movies. On a more serious, less snarky note, though: Why are you so scared of there even being a "wealthy dynasty"? For that matter, you and people with similar views as you are yet to prove that it would even be a bad thing. I'm curious how you arrive at such a conclusion; step me through it? "Let's just hope we figure out that space thing before they ever figure out rejuvenation." Doom-sayers were spreading similar fud about food and population growth barely a century ago, and look how that turned out. Science is always a few steps away from fixing a plethora of the world's ills. Precisely as the above food-dilemma shows. And yet on the other side, you would seek to deny science power to prevent such things from actually being a problem? Sort of a self-fulfilling prophesy you have there, buddy. You don't speak for all of us. What gives you any authority whatsoever to claim what the purpose of my, or anyone else's, existence is? Hence why they are going to Mars and the rest of space: to find more of it. Please, pay attention, try to keep up! Next we'll have conspiracy theorists claiming that blood-donation drives are a conspiracy by the 1% or the rich to kill off the poor!! And not all components of a discussion/conversation/debate have to be "arguments" as you put it. Ironic how your comment is the one that didn't actually add anything to the conversation/topic I was having with that other guy. Nice, I never knew about that feature, thanks! Just tried it out on some of my work, and it's a breeze to use. However, seems that scrollbars behave slightly differently in it. In my case they aren't appearing in certain sub-containers. Have you had any such issues with it? Bankruptcy should mean that the individual(s) responsible for the debt need to be held liable for it indefinitely. Regardless if there is a corporation/LLC/company between the responsible individuals and the people that lost their money. As an example, the responsible individuals of Mt.Gox would need to come up with a repayment plan for every single penny/bitcoin that they still owe. The fact that it was "stolen" from them is irrelevant, as the users entrusted the safekeeping of their money/bitcoin to MtGox. If that means that they will continually have X% of their yearly incomes divied up amongst the users, then so be it. And this will continue indefinitely until the debt has been repaid. Sadly, this sort of solution to the problem would never be instituted in our society. Precisely because it exposes flaws in our concept of the relation between debt and slavery. In essence, it would put the individuals responsible for the fraud in a sort of indentured servitude until the debt has been settled. It does sound like quite a scary proposition, I'll be honest. As it's something completely alien to what we're accustomed to when it comes to debt/bankruptcy. But I assure you, if this were ever instituted, and a few individuals got bitten by it: Society as a whole will grow in a much safer direction, both with more security precautions when debt is involved, and with insurance to cover losses such as this. All that, without state intervention/bailout. "This whole petty vengeance thing is quite barbaric, to be honest." It's not vengeance, it's getting back what was stolen or defrauded from you. If you wish to pardon peoples' debts to you, then that's your humanitarian deed, but leave it at that. Instead, you want to make a legal loophole for people to steal from you. And then people like you whine and complain incessantly about "the wall street wolf banksters and corporations that stole money" etc etc. Yeah, well that's a natural consequence of you making legal loopholes because you feel sorry for the poor and get taken advantage of. "You say the fact that it was stolen is irrelevant. Lets say someone ram raids the office, holds a gun to the CEOs head and demands the keys to the bitcoin. Do you think that he should be personally liable in that situation?" Well, that all depends on what sort of agreement I had with the institution in question. This is precisely the sort of thing that insurance is supposed to fix. If the owners failed to get insurance to cover whatever agreement they went in to, then yes, they should be held fully liable for the losses. That's a very negative and demeaning view of humanity. I think we're way too ingenious and creative to let risk stop us from doing amazing things. Perhaps if something is risky, then maybe it shouldn't succeed, ever thought of that? Perhaps risky things come with greater rewards precisely because they are more likely to fail? Why? He clearly doesn't enjoy talking to people. I'd say it's the other people forcing him to talk to them as having the problem. If someone doesn't look like they want to talk, then why don't you give them the courtesy of simply not bothering them? " Speaking to a stranger != accosting. " It is if they clearly make it obvious that they don't want to be talked to. "Piketty has a habit of not looking at consumption inequality which is the thing we might actually be worried about" The actual quote from the article. So people reading your [misleading comment] know that the author didn't actually put a [baseless insult] where you claim he did. "The privacy concerns and having Google collect yet more data about the universe? Not so much." Why? As far as I'm aware, they haven't been snooping into people's private data. Nor have they been explicitly selling it to any third party. And the haven't been abusing the data we have given them. Now, don't get me wrong, they have most certainly been monetizing that data. But that's a different story. Are you simply just scared of what Google will store/infer about you? So let me get this straight... According to you, having someone analyze and criticize your work, and state so is in fact actually saying "hurr, durr, [attack_target]'s too stoopid" ? And yes, you are misleading. Because if I didn't actually go read that article and find the part you were complaining about I would have assumed an actual insult was where you claimed it was. Whereas, in fact, I found criticism, which the author attempts to justify/backup in the rest of the article. But you'd have us believe that that was all that was in the whole article. That's called misleading people; pretty much general dishonesty on your part. " Everyone who has had problems with the teaching of mainstream economics as a means to lessen inequality now have more evidence. " So when I read most of the articles regarding this book, all I can picture is a slew of angry mob-like people shouting: Those pesky economists must be wrong! This guy is saying stuff we all like to hear, therefore he is correct! Indeed, the public is fickle, and will naturally gravitate to what feels good and re-affirms what they feel is true. There has been a growing mistrust of intellectuals of late, and it's because people are dissatisfied. Intellectuals have been losing the media war with the government.