The "reverse engineering" clause of the DMCA protects reverse engineering, rather than forbidding it. Take a look at 17 USC §1201(f) ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/1201#f ). The DMCA only applies in the first place if a "technological measure" "in the ordinary course of its operation" "effectively controls access to a work", which needn't always be the case for reverse engineering. The idea that the DMCA expressly forbids reverse engineering is a misconception. Microsoft eventually changed its position on Kinect and never filed a lawsuit over the reverse engineering. So, we don't have a court decision suggesting that there was anything legally improper in any way about the Kinect reverse engineering. Hackers should be upset about §1201 and speak out against it, but not be gratuitously scared off from doing things! It's funny to see this on the same day as Olia Lialina's article "Turing Complete User" http://contemporary-home-computing.org/turing-complete-user/ which argues that speaking of "users" is a mark of respect for their intelligence and autonomy, and that the computer industry is going astray by failing to speak of them. The original article also conflates vegan and raw diets. I am a vegan who enjoys cooking and often eats highly processed foods; in my present environment (San Francisco), I'm faced with the health challenge of getting far too many calories every day, not too few. In fact, creative food entrepreneurs keep making this challenge worse and worse for me! I would readily accept that almost everything about my life is drastically different from the environment in which my ancestors evolved. Those differences seem to have both positive and negative ethical and health consequences. I work with the people developing the SSL Observatory. So far, the Observatory has never been used to discover intentional malfeasance on the part of a certificate authority (though it's found certs that shouldn't have been issued). The Observatory exists, though, because of many data points showing pressures on and uncertainty about the certificate authority industry: successful compromises of CAs, rumors of governments coercing CAs to misissue, some trusted CAs unclear on the concept of what they were supposed to be doing, and other risks. Google's pinning responds to the same set of concerns. One nice change from just a few years ago is that the system is starting to get a lot of scrutiny. The first sale doctrine is statutory as well as judicial. See 17 USC §109 ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/109 ). §109 was part of the 1976 Copyright Act, so first sale has been codified in statute for 36 years. I don't think the Copyright Act suggests that every purchase of a medium containing a copy of a copyrighted work should be treated as a license rather than a sale. Instead, it says (§106) that the copyright holder "has the exclusive rights to do and to authorize" six particular acts in relation to the work, independently of having sold a particular copy (but not, apparently, other acts). (I work for EFF.) This article is a quick end-of-year summary of two issues that have been active during the year. The description of what Kirtsaeng was doing was likely omitted for brevity, not as a cover-up. (The person who asked my coworkers to write these end-of-year posts specifically asked for short, broad summaries instead of detailed analysis.) If you follow the link given in the article ( https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/10/parade-horribles-supre... ), you'll see another article from October by my colleague Parker, where he writes: "Wiley claims that this doctrine only applies to goods that are manufactured in the U.S., and that the defendant, Supap Kirtsaeng, was infringing its copyright by purchasing books at a reduced rate in his native Thailand and selling them below list price in the States." This description appeared on the same EFF blog (Deeplinks) where the item that you're concerned about did. One of the most important aspects of the Kirtsaeng case that we've tried to get the Supreme Court to appreciate is that the plaintiff's theory would limit first sale in a wide range of situations. (One example is artworks, like paintings or manuscripts, that were produced outside of the U.S. and that were brought to the United States by their legitimate owners, who are not the copyright holders. As discussed elsewhere in this thread, there is also a question of whether publishers intending to sell works in the United States can choose the location of their manufacturing operations to make first sale a dead letter.) So even people who think that parallel importation as practiced by Supap Kirtsaeng is bad or should be restricted by law may have cause to be concerned about the Kirtsaeng case. Those consequences and concerns are the focus of this summary post. Hi, As I mentioned in a reply above, an earlier EFF blog post ( https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/10/parade-horribles-supre... ) on the Kirtsaeng case did describe what Supap Kirtsaeng was doing ("purchasing books at a reduced rate in his native Thailand and selling them below list price in the States"). EFF did take a position in the Kirtsaeng case, in support of the petitioner (Kirtsaeng): https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/01/eff-asks-supreme-court... (The "urging" there is a link to EFF's amicus brief in the Supreme Court -- https://www.eff.org/sites/default/files/PKEFFCertAmicus_firs... if you'd like to read the brief, which was filed together with Public Knowledge and US PIRG, back in January of this year.) Although I mentioned that there are reasons that people who oppose parallel importation or aren't sure if they support it should be concerned about the respondent's (Wiley's) view of the first sale doctrine, EFF's brief explicitly supports parallel importation (see section II(C) of the brief). Reasons to care even if you don't care about protecting parallel importation are found in sections II(A) and II(B). Our brief says: "Unlike the Ninth Circuit’s interpretation, however, the Second Circuit’s reading of Sections 109 and 602 permits no exception for foreign-manufactured goods that are sold within the United States with the permission of the copy- right holder. As a result, absent the permission of the copyright holder, any distribution of any foreign-manufactured copy could infringe copyright." This seems to be a reference to the distinction drawn by the Second Circuit at p. 16 of its opinion: "While the Ninth Circuit in Omega held that §109(a) also applies to foreign-produced works sold in the United States with the permission of the copyright holder, that holding relied on Ninth Circuit precedents not adopted by other courts of appeals. Accordingly, while perhaps a close call, we think that, in light of its necessary interplay with § 602(a)(1), § 109(a) is best interpreted as applying only to works manufactured domestically." And on p. 17: "In sum, we hold that the phrase “lawfully made under this Title” in § 109(a) refers specifically and exclusively to works that are made in territories in which the Copyright Act is law, and not to foreign-manufactured works." In a footnote, the Second Circuit seems to acknowledge that this leads to the exact concern that we raised: "Phrased differently, it is argued that [this] decision may allow a copyright holder to completely control the resale of its product in the United States by producing its goods abroad and then immediately importing them for initial distribution. In this sense, the copyright holder would arguably enjoy the proverbial “best of both worlds” because, in theory, the consumer could not rely on the first sale doctrine to re-sell the imported work. In other words, the copyright holder would have an incentive to “outsource” publication to foreign locations to circumvent the availability of the first sale doctrine as a defense for consumers wishing to re-sell their works in the domestic market. [...] We acknowledge the force of this concern, but it does not affect or alter our interpretation of the Copyright Act." Hence, the Second Circuit suggests that Wiley could control the resale of foreign-manufactured books in the U.S., even if Wiley itself imported and sold them. Please read the Second Circuit's decision, particularly pages 16 and 17. The Second Circuit did not agree with your intuition about this point. You can find the decision at https://www.eff.org/files/Wiley-v-Kirtsaeng_2ndCir_8-15-11.p... The Second Circuit specifically disagreed with the Ninth Circuit on this point, distinguishing its holding from the Ninth Circuit's in Omega. You should have a look at the gap between the Ninth Circuit's holding in Omega v. CostCo and the Second Circuit's holding here. :-) In footnote 44, the Second Circuit agrees that its own "decision may allow a copyright holder to completely control the resale of its product in the United States by producing its goods abroad and then immediately importing them for initial distribution" but says that this "does not affect or alter our interpretation of the Copyright Act". You can see the pins list at https://src.chromium.org/viewvc/chrome/trunk/src/net/base/tr... Those are the sites that they're currently able to do it for. :-) If anyone reading wants to have your own site added to the HSTS preload (or perhaps cert pin) lists, I think the Chromium developers are interested in hearing from you. I know they'll add HSTS preloads for any site, but I don't know for sure whether there's a size or popularity threshold of some sort for a cert pin. Not in advance, but it will be interesting to see whether we have observations of them. We (and other people who care about certs) could probably use contributions of algorithms for detecting things that are suspicious about certificates. :-) One thing that I believe is not yet implemented but that I should try to implement is finding observations in the Observatory that, if they had been made by Chromium, would have violated a cert pin in Chromium. (Most of the observations in the Observatory are made by Firefox users, so their browsers wouldn't notice a pin violation at the time the observation was made.) Another thing that could be interesting is finding all apparently valid certs that have never been seen by any Perspectives notary. Anyway, there are a lot of queries to be run! The distinction is presumably about whether clients have to be modified to accept a particular (organizational) root or whether someone gets access to a root CA that will work with unmodified mainstream browsers. The "standard" way of doing enterprise network surveillance and censorship is by getting end-users to use client software with a modified configuration that (unlike the general public's browsers) accepts the surveillance and censorship without generating a browser warning. In the Trustwave case, it was done with unmodified software and hence could have been done against the general public, or unsuspecting corporate users. There have been interesting policy discussions about the fact that HTTPS site operators may not "consent" to this surveillance, even if some end users are considered to have done so. For example, PayPal might not want corporate network operators to have access to employees' PayPal credentials or financial transaction data. Hence PayPal's preferences might be something like employee doesn't use PayPal at work > employee uses PayPal at work without interception by employer > employee uses PayPal at work with interception by employer while the employee's preferences might be employee uses PayPal at work without interception by employer > employee uses PayPal at work with interception by employer > employee doesn't use PayPal at work and the employer's preferences might be employee doesn't use PayPal at work > employee uses PayPal at work with interception by employer > employee uses PayPal at work without interception by employer I'd still recognize both meanings for the verb "moot": to propose something for discussion (to moot a proposal), or to render further consideration of something unnecessary (to moot a court case). My dictionary says that "moot" as an adjective also has both meetings, but I don't recognize the 'suitable for discussion, under consideration' meaning. Wiktionary says that that meaning is current in the U.K. and "dated" in the U.S.; I'd never heard it before. I am also wary of people suggesting that software whose users are "required" to pay a per-user fee could be open source. Open source software could not come with a universally enforceable requirement of this kind. "The license may not restrict any party from selling or giving away the software..." But the prospect of open source developers being paid other than per-copy, per-user is plausible. Alex Tabarrok demonstrated in 1996 that it should be possible to do it even without altruism given enforcement of contracts and someone with sufficient information about demand. (I don't know if that kind of information is often achieved in practice.) Karl Fogel just ran a successful Kickstarter campaign to fund creation of the second edition of Producing Open Source Software, which will be distributed on terms closely parallel to open source software (all recipients of the book can redistribute and modify it, and nobody is required to pay a per-copy license fee). The payment to Karl happened up front and ahead of time. The same structure might have worked if Karl were to apply this funding to software development instead of to writing about software development -- and indeed Joey Hess did that a while ago with his git-annex-assistant Kickstarter, which as far as I know has worked out quite well. In the Kickstarter case there is a significant potential free-rider problem; for example, I didn't personally fund Joey's project but I might still benefit from his work on git-annex. Kickstarter seems to use various aspects of social norms and psychology to address free riding, often with good results. I think we need more work on this even as we continue to insist on not diluting the meaning of open source. I think you mean "homini" (dative), not "hominis" (genitive). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homo_homini_lupus The paper says that they compromised machines by guessing credentials -- not by breaking crypto. ("Four simple stupid default telnet passwords" is how the paper refers to the scope of the vulnerability.) For many users and many sites, SSL stripping is still quite a significant vulnerability. http://www.thoughtcrime.org/software/sslstrip/ Assuming DNSSEC isn't in use, controlling someone's DNS settings is enough to carry out an SSL stripping attack! Currently YouTube doesn't require Flash Player for the overwhelming majority of its videos. It's a bit unclear whether they are still using RTMPE for some Hollywood stuff (as they were a year or two ago), but if you go to https://www.youtube.com/movies the free movies work perfectly using all free and open source client software, with no Flash Player. Most (or all) of YouTube is implemented as FLV or MP4 files delivered over HTTP. You can watch this in action by using software like youtube-dl. So apart from the purported, perennial Hollywood threat to boycott things, the empirical answer with regard to the existing YouTube seems to be no. (Though maybe there is still some RTMPE lurking somewhere on the site.) See http://freedomdefined.org/Definition and https://creativecommons.org/weblog/entry/8051 . (This parallels the distinction between free software, on the one hand, and freeware and shareware, on the other hand.) I don't recall Aaron's views about this issue, so I'm not asserting that he would have been upset about this. It should probably be possible to find documentation of his opinions. The United States protects the freedom of anonymous speech. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McIntyre_v._Ohio_Elections_Com... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watchtower_Society_v._Village_... "Backdoor" is the term that we used in the 1990s in connection with proposed anti-encryption measures, and particularly systems like Clipper where encryption was present but had been modified to allow government access ("key escrow" and "key recovery"). In this prototypical case, a potentially otherwise secure design was modified specifically to allow the government to break it. There are still engineering efforts today to do analogous things, including work at ETSI with regard to GSM voice encryption. As a coauthor of the original post, I think the term is still reasonable and useful. I agree that the applicability of "backdoor" to the cases you mention is less clear, and sometimes absent. Often, the main reasons that users don't get to control their own crypto keys may have to do with a service provider's business model and engineering decisions. If facilitating surveillance wasn't one of the main design goals, I can see where "backdoor" feels much less appropriate. (I think I'd argue that it's still an appropriate term if the architectural decisions about encryption are directly influenced by pressure from the government. Legislation to ban certain designs for communications systems should put us squarely in that category.) I'd also like to find ways to encourage users to value end-to-end encryption, but I don't think that was meant to be the point of using the term "backdoor". We are actually talking about legislation here, supposedly meant to change how services are engineered, likely including services and software that are already in use. You asked: "Are major companies based or operating in the US allowed to provide secure email and/or data storage without options for lawful surveillance from law enforcement?" Compare 47 USC §1002(b)(3): A telecommunications carrier shall not be responsible for decrypting, or ensuring the government’s ability to decrypt, any communication encrypted by a subscriber or customer, unless the encryption was provided by the carrier and the carrier possesses the information necessary to decrypt the communication. Also, (b)(1): This subchapter does not authorize any law enforcement agency or officer— (A) to require any specific design of equipment, facilities, services, features, or system configurations to be adopted by any provider of a wire or electronic communication service, any manufacturer of telecommunications equipment, or any provider of telecommunications support services; or (B) to prohibit the adoption of any equipment, facility, service, or feature by any provider of a wire or electronic communication service, any manufacturer of telecommunications equipment, or any provider of telecommunications support services. Finally, (b)(2): The [interception capability] requirements of [...] this section do not apply to [...] information services [...] I agree that the pure VoIP parts of Skype should not be interpreted as telecommunications services under CALEA. I think we agree; I'm quoting these provisions to argue that Microsoft does not have any interception capability mandates for IP-to-IP calls under CALEA. Hi, I'm the author of the original article and I'm happy to receive e-mail at my EFF address (as another commenter pointed out, you can find my staff information page by clicking on my name there). The focus of my post is the legal uncertainty about why Microsoft may not be able to improve the cryptographic privacy of Skype (even if they accepted our view that they ought to). Microsoft's recent statement seem to suggest Microsoft thinks there are now (or will soon be) legal considerations limiting its ability to protect users' privacy. I'm aware of the key exchange problem and, in fact, the (lack of a) way for users to verify keys is the particular kind of anti-eavesdropping protection that my article calls out. I don't think that the supernode architecture or Microsoft's changes to it necessarily made a major qualitative change to Skype's privacy properties. Microsoft made a blog post at the time of the architectural change, and again recently, denying that wiretapping was the motivation for the changes. It's possible that the changes made wiretapping Skype calls easier even if that wasn't the motivation for making them. According to the 2005 report, Skype effectively functions as a CA for its users, but there is no way for the users to check whether the CA's statements are accurate. It's possible that they were talking about CALEA, which has some wiretap capability mandates on hardware (and associated technical standards). If I had the choice between communicating over CALEA-compliant or non-CALEA-compliant infrastructure, I would far prefer the latter, but these particular backdoors aren't required to operate in an automatic, unattended, or surreptitious way (though some implementations might well have bugs that allow them to do so). > Is there any area of the government whose sole role is protecting the rights of the people against the government? There's the Office of the Federal Public Defender in each Federal judicial district, and the umbrella Office of Defender Services inside the U.S. Courts system (fd.org). They have some staff who work on advancing the interests of Federal criminal defendants collectively (for example, by lobbying the U.S. Sentencing Commission on Sentencing Guidelines revisions), not just representing individuals. One could also argue that the PCLOB and individual agencies' privacy offices are in the category that you mention, although I don't know if that's the way that their staff would see or describe their missions. I've been working a little bit on cryptography education issues and so have a number of people I know, but now I'm reminded of Lancelot Hogben's books "Mathematics for the Million" and "Science for the Citizen". Maybe someone will create their equivalents for cryptography! "Cryptography for the 2⁶⁴"? The use of the full-body scanners at Schiphol is optional. The agents there are not very well-trained about this fact but people do normally succeed in opting out. For example, I succeeded after OHM earlier this month, though I was given more push-back than when opting out in the U.S. Here is a Dutch government site about the scanners confirming that travelers are allowed to opt out: http://english.nctv.nl/themes_en/themes-a-z/Security_and_civ... No. If users send unencrypted data to a service provider, they can never use technical means to verify what the service provider does with the data. For example, suppose that some category of user data is automatically printed out on paper every night. EFF is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization and is not allowed to endorse or oppose political candidates. (I work there.) I think the part of the speech quoted by the parent commenter was indeed referring to exactly this software, and to the other things that the speech mentions: "I have in my pocket a cryptographic telephone [...] This phone, short of breaking into it when I make a phone call, no one here, short of a mathematical breakthrough, is going to be able to intercept it. I have a couple different encrypted text messaging services. I have the TOR project, Orbot, Progra, Cryptophone, Redphone, TextSecure." In context, the "cryptographic telephone" is a smartphone running all of this software. "Progra" is a mistranscription; I just listened to the original and he says "the Tor Project's Orbot program". Just to be clear (as someone working at one organization that helped develop these principles and the consensus around them), the principles were not developed or published by the U.N. They were created by a consensus of voluntary nongovernmental organizations from all around the world that work in the area of human rights. Here, the principles were being presented to the United Nations -- not by the United Nations! The particular publicly-available information that people are interested in is privacy-sensitive. It's easiest to see this by thinking about articles on sexual, medical, and religious topics at Wikipedia (or WebMD!). Although the information is public, users don't want others on the network to know that they read it. And on some networks, the content of news articles that we might think of as totally innocuous is considered very sensitive, and the network operator might try to block it. The most familiar example might be news about annual commemorations of 6/4. Using HTTPS provides resistance against content-based censorship because the network operator doesn't know when users are reading the specific things that they wanted to prevent them from reading. I think this metonymy helps reinforce the idea that there isn't a conceptual difference between hardware and software, or that they are inherently a single integrated product. If you value various aspects of keeping hardware and software separate, then not reinforcing this association -- and instead trying to draw the distinction -- is valuable. A lot of people in a discussion like this will point out that many computer users don't know what an OS is in the first place, or don't draw any distinction between the computer, the OS, and the browser. That's true, but avoiding using the individual proper names of these things makes it even more true! In most DRM systems the information is distributed encrypted. The decryption keys are given to technology developers who have specifically promised to obey the DRM rules, as well as to make their technology hard for users to understand or modify so that the users can't easily undo the restrictions or extract the decryption keys. Hence a browser developer or OS developer or developer of whatever software is in question wouldn't be permitted (by the DRM system's inventor or administrator) to get decryption keys if they didn't promise to implement these restrictions. Some of the people who invented the modern DRM business ecology called this "the intersection of technology, law, and commercial licensing" (the title of a 1996 article by Dean Marks and Bruce Turnbull). Here, the "technology" is DRM implementations -- including software obfuscation and other measures; the "law" is anticircumvention laws like the DMCA §1201 that make it risky for people to use the decryption keys in ways that industry dislikes; and "commercial licensing" is the permission from a DRM developer to interoperate with that DRM, including "compliance" rules (about the functionality of the technology product) and "robustness" rules (about tamper-resistance), that result in the licensee being issued decryption keys. In my view (I worked on EFF's objection) this is a deliberate attack on software interoperability: the whole point is to allow someone to try to prevent interoperability with software that hasn't been "approved". And it's also in extreme tension with the idea of having browsers that end-users can modify (their individual instances of). See my comment upthread about encrypted media and how licensing is used to control the availability of decryption keys. In existing DRM people are not required to implement it, but they can't achieve interoperability without the decryption keys. There is no sense in which DRM is "copyright-compliant" and a lack of DRM is not "copyright-compliant", and there is no sense in which copyright requires anyone to help industry create or deploy DRM. Chrome might be difficult because Google has already implemented it in ChromeOS and is a coauthor of the EME specification. I agree. In previous discussions about this, some people emphasized the idea of open source development, as opposed to giving an open source software to an end user. For example, you could run a binary through an obfuscator after compiling in a decryption key -- from source code that had been published and distributed under an open source license. If the license isn't a reciprocal/copyleft license, this is probably not a license violation, but it seems wrong to say that the user who receives the binary is being given open source software. This issue reflects the way that people have had very different ideas about what the point or purpose of free and open source software is (in some ways, reflecting the split between people who preferred to say "free software" over "open source" and vice versa). It's also a very concrete issue today in whether people call, say, the Chrome browser "open source". Most of their source code is downloadable, derived from the fully open-source Chromium project, but in Google's current practice, users never get the complete source code to the Chrome binaries that they run. If you're focused on the development process, it might almost make sense to call Chrome "open source" because almost all of its source code is distributed, licensed, and developed in an open source manner -- but if you're focused on what users can do with the software, it's obviously just a proprietary application (with a proprietary EULA, to boot). The Free Software Definition doesn't require free software to be copylefted or to include measures against TiVoization or against proprietary or restrictive downstream products. GPLv3 does this and the BSD license doesn't, and both are free software licenses. As I said in another comment, people who usually say "free software" are more likely to think that preventing restrictive downstream products is an important goal than people who usually say "open source". But that doesn't mean it's part of the definition of what it means to be free software. EDIT: I also think the comment the parent replied to was right to say "then the whole is not open source". BusyBox is both free and open source even though its license allows it to be included in the locked-down TiVo -- but the TiVo as a whole is not open source. I think that verifiability is an important security benefit from publishing source code and I hope to talk more about that soon. Some people think that publishing source code is first and foremost a way to get other people to collaborate on its development, not to ensure any particular rights or knowledge or safety for people who end up using the software. For example, you could imagine a consortium of people who each make a super-proprietary locked-down thing and they publish and collaborate on the code of some libraries that their respective locked-down things need. They actively do want other locked-down thing makers to comment on how to make the code better and contribute patches, but they actively don't want customers to use that knowledge to make the thing less locked-down (or to be able to verify what it does or doesn't do). This is a situation that we often encounter in the real world, and in fact some of the locked-down thing makers are even surprised when people say the contrast in their behavior with respect to these audiences is strange or hypocritical, because they didn't know or didn't remember that other people think software freedom is partly or mainly meant to benefit users. When we tell a computer how to do something, we write a set of orders for the computer in a way that the computer can read. These orders can ask the computer to remember things, like numbers and names and places and so on. We can ask the computer to set up spots where it will remember things for us, and each such spot will have its own name. When we write down a thing for the computer to figure out, and the computer goes on to actually figure out what we are talking about, the thing can turn out to be either of two types. It can be the name of a place to store things, or it can be a thing to be stored (like a number or word or letter or a few of any of these). If it is a place to store things (which we can call a "left hand type of thing"), we could ask the computer to store other things in that place. If it is a thing that can be stored (which we can call a "right hand type of thing"), we could ask the computer to store it somewhere. The reason why we use the names "left hand" and "right hand" in this way is that we can write orders for the computer like cat should become two times two In this case, the word "cat" appeared on the left hand side of the order, before "should become" (or "gets"), while the words "two times two" appeared on the right hand side of the order, after "should become". This makes sense because in this order we use "cat" as a name of a place to store things, while "two times two" (which turns out to be the number four) is a number that could be stored so that it can be used later on. Here, we would call "cat" a left hand type of thing, and "two times two" a right hand type of thing. In some orders for the computer, the way to talk about where to store things is much more confusing (like we could say something like "right after this place", "right before this place", "ten spots after this place"), but still, if something works out to point to a place where you can store facts, then that thing is a left hand type of thing. EFF's new lawsuit against NSA argues that the freedom of association is violated by this surveillance. https://www.eff.org/cases/first-unitarian-church-los-angeles... I heard speculation that some ATMs were technically capable of recording the serial numbers of bills that they dispense to a particular customer (via OCR) and that some bill accepters used by banks or currency exchangers were capable of doing the same. Since modern ATMs already have quite sophisticated OTR on the input side -- I've found them very accurate lately at recognizing even sloppy handwriting on checks -- this is quite plausible technologically. It's not clear to me whether governments would ask cash-handling businesses to do this kind of bill-tracking today, and whether they'd expect to learn interesting things from it. (I'd imagine most bills participate in several cash transactions in between bank deposits.) Eben Moglen talked about the different legal regimes that were applied to different classes of information (which programmers might view as different numbers) in "Anarchism Triumphant", at http://emoglen.law.columbia.edu/publications/anarchism.pdf I think it's an interesting read in conjunction with "What Colour Are Your Bits" (suggested above). This is one reason I think it would be helpful to have a clearer articulation of which functions people are referring to when they talk about "Internet governance", so that other people can understand whether we want those functions to exist at all, and (if so) what kinds of institutions we would like to try to empower to do them. Many things that can be called "Internet governance" have little bearing on Internet users' free speech or privacy -- but others do. This might be akin to the way that RMS suggests that saying "intellectual property" (instead of "copyright", "patent", "trademark", "trade secret", and several sui generis regimes) leads to conceptual muddles. "Internet governance" may have the same problem; maybe it's a term in need of some disaggregation! Oh yeah! I remember this too. I think we're thinking of the A86 shareware assembler: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A86_%28software%29