I'm When I walk out the door, I would assume the contract is over and I'm at liberty to use my freedom of contract to go elsewhere. I've been proactively working on this problem for years actually. This is like my 4th or 5th attempt: https://github.com/kristopolous/ytmix Alright, let's do ruby then. I use vim with Ri, Rdoc, and ack-grep plugins ( https://github.com/kristopolous/vimbuild ) and then use irb with a bunch of extensions ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2952793/anything-like-bpy... ) but there is nothing out there that makes my life phenomenally easy yet (for instance, some really awesome code navigation tool). zsh has built-in autocomplete for ri; try running zsh then do "ri " ( http://qaa.ath.cx/ri.png ); that ought to win you to at least having it installed. And yes, you can do "ri XXX# " for the second level! ( http://qaa.ath.cx/ri-kernel.png ) For the record, I do straight ruby; I don't even know how to deploy rails. Hype: A clever marketing strategy which a product is advertized as the thing everyone must have, to the point where people begin to feel they need to consume it. Substance: the actual matter of a thing, as opposed to the appearance or shadow; reality. This piece is hype. Those that push off hype as substance are swindling your valuable time and are basically saying "come on everyone, let's hope on board the train and base our infrastructure off of unproven, new shit." Which is fine; but only because most of these people are just writing the same social shopping website over and over again; and will do so until the next hyped idea makes its way into the business world. Some think he's just a novel con-artist: 1. http://www.splcenter.org/get-informed/intelligence-files/gro... 2. http://kanewj.com/wbc/ Looks like it equates to fairly decent take-home pay given that he probably works far less than the 2080 full time hours a year for it. And remember, it's a church, so it's all tax free. Marty McFly: Whoa, this is heavy. Dr. Emmett Brown: There's that word again; "heavy". Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the earth's gravitational pull? From, of course, Back To The Future (1985) In 1951 you could have whined, "With the rise of pro-grammable computers, the Engineer can simply turn his brain off and let the computer do all the work. The era of craftsmanship has come to a close. No, no need to think dear friend, we have ourselves a Computer. Aughh!" Then, in 1961 you could have sighed, "The knowledge of how to maintain a computer will be gone forever with this increase in reliability. How will someone ever know truly how computers work unless they have to fix them piece by piece." Then, in 1971 you could have pined, "With the rise of these time-share based operating environments, the future programmer has all the hard things taken care of for them. All that you need now is a data-bank administrator and record input clerk. There is no future in computing!" Then, in 1981 you could have lamented, "Baugh! The rise of these pre-built micros means that the future generations won't know how to work a logic analyzer or an oscilloscope. They will never use a soldering gun or know the joy of assembling a memory board because they will just drop it in the slot. Ug!" Then, in 1991 you could have scoffed, "well with all these new fancy compilers, nobody will appreciate the joys of directly manipulating registers and stacks. Instead, they will spend their career in higher order abstractions without ever truly knowing the soul of the machine." Then, in 2001 you could have cried, "This era of the world wide web is hastening the decline of single system software and entertainment consumption is simply supplanting productivity for the largest use case of computing. Programming has become nothing more then playing Oz in the Emerald City; pulling pre-built levers as the scarecrows and tin-men of the world marvel on the sidelines" I use it all the time in network and graphic programming, but I name the variables to state the fact. It's like a poor man's struct; sometimes you are doing say, some kind of packet analysis and you have some really convoluted spec to work off of. You could either formalize it in a bunch of headers and try to synthesize the structure of it or you can use tricks like this in order to parse it nicely. In graphics programming, or more specifically, file format programming, sometimes I have to parse through, or generate a colortable and then go through a bunch of serialized data and transform that into a buffer where I have something like coordinate[x][y]{[z]}.{rgb/cmyk/yuv/hsv/rgba/bgr...} and I have a bunch of unions and structs; having char * data[3] as my payload and then being able to offset around into it is fantastically convenient, especially when trying to apply kernels or do transformations over the entire space. The code is far more readable at the lower level manipulation with this kind of stuff. And when you say 'Well I use OTS solutions for graphics' and I say "I do too, when I can. But when I can't, it's nice to be able to express what I need to do effeciently" To us unfiltered web viewers, they are actually advertisements. cliche headlines make me want to run too ... I despise them. Agreed. The argument about gaining or losing sleep has always struck me as a bit meaningless. What time do I go to bed? Between 11 PM and 7 AM ... depends on the day. What time do I wake up? Oh between 8 AM and 2 PM. Am I some 18 year old without a job who doesn't need to perform? Nope, I do programming and go to the office 5 days a week, lead meetings, conduct interviews all that stuff. I don't take any drugs and am right around 30. This is not just me too. I, and I think everyone I've ever talked to about this have no real substantial long term issues with 10 hours of sleep one night, 6 the next, 8 after that, etc. and having it occur at widely varied times. I once had a paranoid schizophrenic friend that suggested such things were happening to him. I think it's a bad move when what were previously paranoid delusions start manifesting themselves as accepted realities. I started with http://hello.jpg.to/ and was delighted by the results, thinking that the web app translated my phrase into a variety of languages and then made a stylish motif. Eagerly, I typed in http://goodbye.jpg.to/ to see, again, what looked like a totally custom image based on random text that I put in. I have to admit, I found this to be http://totallyawesome.jpg.to/ at this point, pressing F5 and hoping for other stylized generations. After not seeing any, I decided to just try my name ... and found a football player. I actually did this, back then, a few times (I was a pipping teen in the day). It was enormously fun; absolutely loved it; all on a 486-dx(2?) Recompiling the kernel manually was something you just did ; it was expected. Downloading a bunch of source code and compiling the dependencies and managing everything yourself; also completely ordinary. The best thing was going between Pillbox, Yggdrasil, Mandrake, Slackware(!) ... those were the days! There were two floppy disks that you would boot from, the `Boot` and the `Root` if I remember right. If you had a system up and running you could use dd, otherwise there was a DOS tool that would do as much. Interestingly, this was when the first thing you'd see at boot was LILO The LILO above was actually a complex diagnostic result. Getting something like LILILILILILILILI was possible or LIL They all meant a bunch of different things. If you got the full LILO you would be like "phew, it worked". Otherwise, you use your rescue floppy (or the one you used to install, had to remember to keep those around) and figure out what was wrong. CDs originally weren't bootable and lots of BIOSES didn't know how to deal with them. There was a standard that went out called the "El Torito" or something that basically talked about how CDROMS would be bootable. I think Windows 98 had this; in fact, I think it came out of Redmond (but I haven't done my homework in the Goog) So in 199x, even if you had a fancy bootable CD, you were still making floppy images, then inserting the CD when instructed to. In fact, I still have a box of floppies just in case I need to deal with hardware pre-1999 ... which is becoming less and less relevant (I think I used one last in 2006). Then again, I used a 5 1/4 in 2003 ... so I guess it's worth keeping around another 4-6 years. The worst memory I have is when I found out just how bad swap could be. I had to compile the NetBSD kernel on a laptop I had (IBM 360C, active color 640x480 display, NiCd battery, 2.88MB floppy, SCSI disk, huge docking station with speakers ... this is about 1999 (more of 1999 below)) and it had all of 8MB of RAM. I had to recompile the kernel to make use of an early wireless (which felt like pure magic) PCCARD I had (mind you, 16 bit, not 32-bit CardBus) and the kernel took 4.5 days(!) to compile. In fact, I remember starting it Christmas eve before eating dinner and it went on through Christmas day and then a few days after that. I had mastered screen by this time so I was able to see that the machine was really chugging away. The reason was that the compiler used up all of my RAM and was hitting swap. After that I upgraded the machine and the new compilation took 40 minutes. 40 minutes then, seemed like getting DSL for the first time and then clicking on that 10MB file and thinking "What is going on here? A whole megabyte downloaded right in front of my eyes? In mere seconds?! I am never going outside again". I long for these exciting days. The mobile world has it, that's about it. More about 1999; Speaking of 1999, two other big things, the BeOS 5 Demo, booted from windows and was awesome, then there was the "Bootable Floppy Challenge" which was done by QNX ... it was quite impressive in the day. Ah very good then. Well since the CDC now says that blacks and women are the most at-risk for HIV, we should probably change the rules with the times then, right? What's that? It now sound horribly offensive, erroneous, and bad policy? Well sorry about that! Gotta be consistent you know. yes, that's the report that went out yesterday. The context of the discussion was "at-risk" in the spirit of "have it but don't know it" or "don't know what to do about it"; not in the spirit of "have it". You can go over to the early release of the data here: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm60e1129a1.htm?s_c... ... the people that get the least counseling, don't think they are at risk, etc, are those two groups. They are the ones that are most likely to have it and not know it or treat it and are also the ones to face the largest stigma in dealing with the issue. That's the context; it was the time window after infection but before high confidence of the results in the mouth swab test, which is the standard method used in such circumstances (and also the cheapest). Anyway, that is what I meant by it, and that's the report I was referring to when I said CDC. I didn't mean to say that gay people don't get it. try Tree style tab ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tree-style-ta... ) ... it's pretty awesome: http://qaa.ath.cx/manytabs.png General form appears to be as follows: http://www.facebook.com/ajax/report/social.php? __a=1& __d=1& attach_additional_photos=1& cid=((FBID))& content_type=0& h=((HASH BASED ON YOUR ACCOUNT))& phase=6& report_id=1& rid=((FBID)) After you get that initial hash then you can swap out the CID and the RID and get everyone else (I tried it for 3)... it's pretty easy. This issue is probably going to make mainstream news by noon. Sorry just got up ... anyway ... I got it through Firebug and was able to reproduce it in a FireFox Tab, so I assume it was a GET, although it may have been a POST; I didn't cURL the URL from outside the browser though; I'm sure you need cookies. I've often wondered who the Hitchcocks and Coppolas were of the Adult Film Genre. I've considered the idea that there are masterpiece films, dismissed for being erotic, that have gone unseen and unappreciated by the masses. Alas, I have yet to find a nice thorough list, akin to the AFI top 100 for the lewd. * If you know where this is, maybe you can also direct me to some reputable cult list; you know, that would have Todd Haynes and Kenneth Anger etc... inquiring minds want to know! What about the porno chic movement? Do I see Microsoft on GitHub? what about these reasons: 1. It's trendy. Snooty programmers use them. 2. It's hyped. Annoying masters of hyperbole won't shutup about it. 3. javascript is already easy to write, easy to read, easy to use, and well understood. But really it's because I despise hype at such a deep and fundamental level; it leads people to being impulsive and emotional; making decisions based on personal reasons rather than finding the right tool fo the job. countless times i've seen people work significantly longer and harder with the hype technology then if they had just been solid project managers and made good decisions regardless of what is being currently blogged about. other times i've had legacy systems that were built in the super-trendy tech of yesteryear that was a fly-by-night and nobody uses any more ... sometimes you will have managers for instance, that wlil request something like perl code to be rewritten in ruby or some other rearranging of the deck chairs kind of activity. It's a complete and utter waste of time. I'd rather go home and click on all those nsfw tags ... so yeah, no freakin' way; unless there is native support, it's been around for a few years, and there is actual real solid evidence that it doesn't suck (extra time that is) for a similar goal. Who would have thought that by the time we could get the library of congress on a device the size of our thumbnail for under $30, there would be a draconian business apparatus expecting tens of billions of dollars for the privileged access of such knowledge. "Video cassette recorders now provide the technical means of taking the works of creative people from them without compensation. If we allow a new technology, the VCR, to take property without paying for it, I believe the Nation will be jeopardizing one of its greatest assets, our film industry." -Richard Orear, President of National Association of Theater Owners in front of Congress in a proceeding to block the sales of the VCR, 1982 The MPAA lost and the VCR stayed in the market; phenomenally increasing MPAA member revenue because apparently, potential is a two way street. The IP-based industries see new potentials (eg, the internet), get FUD'd up by the potential abuse, refuse to be creative enough to see the potential revenue, and then go into Destroy-Everything mode. The stupidity runs deep. They seek legislative blockage due to their thorough inability to be compatible with emerging patterns of consumption. I was hoping TB was actually a disused hallucinogen, popular during the 40s. 8mb of ram reminds me of this thing: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGq0jGrJS6U For a while their was a "no tools" restriction. That one really struck me as odd. Some high-school dropout is given broad powers to play mr. security guy at the airport. I didn't fly for about 2 years after someone made me miss my flight because I had to check a jewelers torx security bit screw driver I had accidentally left in my bag (this was some custom, "let's charge you bucketloads for this bit" style screw driver); as if I'm going to disassemble the plane with that thing. so I decided, fuck them; I was not going to give them my money. edit: Just because I'm stating this fact, doesn't mean that I endorse it. Please, just because you agree that the world unfortunately is this way, don't downvote me as if I'm the cause of the current state of affairs. I'm not old enough or powerful enough to be so. Is the author a constitutional lawyer? Because if not, I really can't trust any of this. The reason that constitutional lawyers exist is because this short document is deceptively sophisticated and every interpretation of every stanza has seen its day in court almost every generation since its authorship. Just reading something and assuming that the legal ramifications are clear and apparent without knowing the extensive history of the actual legal ramifications belongs more in the world of political opinion than anything remotely approximate to legal standing. It's almost as if a corpus of court proceedings a 100 meters long should be affixed to every word in order to gain an appreciation for what is legally pursuant via the constitution. What's a fundamental right, who protects it, and is there any document that enumerates said rights so that parties don't disagree? Of course not. But that's what's happened. And as a result, the barrier to entry in knowing the true meaning is now quite high. I'm not placing a vote of approval of this reality; just stating that it exists. It aggravates me too. ah, it was "We the [non-native][male][land-owning][non-enslaved] people [between specific longitude and latitudinal points][that aren't corporations, at least, for another hundred years][unless you are a slave owner, in which case multiply your the number of slaves you own by 0.6 and then add it to you (aka, +1)]". We have been actively struggling and expanding just that alone for generations now. see federalist papers number 51 and 10 to see the thoughts on the constitution and human rights. Items covered include civil rights, religious freedoms, minority rights, the tyranny of the majority, balancing the power of conflicting classifications of rights, etc ... I actually don't find them difficult but mostly because I've read a lot of stuff from the era. It's kind of like Shakespeare, it's hard initially but then you get in the swing of things. There's also plenty of civics style booklets with explanations. check out anything from pcmag.com on SOPA if you want to see spin that makes you dizzy, I could link to a lot of articles, but I invite you to read the pieces on the site itself. Econ, IR, Poly Sci; all considered, at least my school, to be the fall-back majors when you didn't have the chops for things like biochemistry or physics. I stuck with Engineering because I wanted to do it and also, because it was hard; thus supposedly more rewarding in the long term. But this is almost telling me that the easy way out was the right thing to do ... confused. I wrote something about this http://kristopolous.blogspot.com/2012/01/why-pirate.html the phrase "dick around" is actually from "dicker around" which is a 19th c. term. "Dicker" is to "Engage in petty argument or bargaining" and "Treat something casually or irresponsibly; toy with something". So when someone is "dick[er]ing around" they are treating serious matters lightly or doing things in an unnecessarily protracted way; which is precisely how we use it. The word "dick" however, which I would gather, people would envision it meaning "penis" here, simply doesn't work. We don't use "dick" as a verb, yet alone a progressive verb. "To dick" or "to be dicking" a person, although fairly clear in its sexual connotation, is certainly not in use, "dicking (with) a person" however, makes perfect sense, because it's from that ye olden term "dicker" again. So "dicking around" has nothing to do with the slang term for penis or the disused colloquial meaning of a rookie detective, or it being an everyman; all wrong. Sorry to bust your bubble. If you want the free version of Visual Studio, you go to a web page ( http://www.microsoft.com/visualstudio/en-us/products/2010-ed... ) and click on the download link. You don't need Windows installed, or need to be signed in or have special software on your machine to download the file. If you want the free version of Xcode, you first need a mac. Now you need a mac with a recent OS. Ok, good, go to the web page, click on the "App Store" link. Make an account in "App Store" then hand over Your CREDIT CARD information. Great. Now it will download through the app store. Click on "Purchases" to see the status. Microsoft doesn't need to know who I am and doesn't even care if I'm on Windows but Apple wants me on a newish mac and then hand over my credit card before I can get their IDE. Really? Ridiculous and almost intolerable. But that's how they roll. Macbooks catching fire is kind of what they are good at, just do a little google-fu: The Powerbook 5300 was recalled because some batteries caught fire on the assembly line. (1995) The batteries, manufactured by LG Chem Ltd. of South Korea, could overheat and pose a fire hazard, according to the CPSC. The recall affects laptops sold since January, which contain batteries produced last December. Approximately 28,000 batteries are affected by the recall. (2004) Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday recalled 1.8 million Sony-built notebook batteries that could overheat and catch fire. (2006) Great, so someone explicitly asks for evidence that Apple would release laptops that caught on fire, I provide 3 examples, Directly Answering the question; then I get downvoted. Maybe I didn't provide references. Here's the references, most with the official statement from the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. The powerbook 5300 was explicitly recalled, by Apple, for the short-circuit problem. Reference: http://www.nytimes.com/2001/03/15/technology/laptop-batterie... http://news.cnet.com/Apple-woes-continue/2100-1001_3-211692.... http://books.google.com/books?id=R7zgbMJM3vwC&pg=PA10... 2004 recall, same problem: http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml04/04201.html (Problem: An internal short can cause the battery cells to overheat, posing a fire hazard to consumers.) 2005 recall, same problem: http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml05/05179.html (Hazard: An internal short can cause the battery cells to overheat, posing a fire hazard to consumers.) 2006 recall, related problem: http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml06/06245.html http://www.seattlepi.com/business/article/Fire-threat-spurs-... http://www.macworld.com/article/52084/2006/07/recall.html This is precisely what he asked for, and now I've included references. But really, if you guys don't value facts, research, and actual answers, then to hell with it. Why do I try? Might as well hang out on Digg. How much money is a 30 day supply? I'm curious as to the pricing structure in less corporatist countries, especially in places with public health care where (unlike the US), the government has the legal right to bargain prices and doesn't just satisfy any arbitrary price set by a manufacturer. Hi, I'm the actual author of the article (it was posted by someone else ... I'm flattered). Anyway, as an atheist its really hard for me sometimes. There are certainly healthy, productive, happy members of society that have deep religious convictions. So be it. But when people think they have an active full discourse with God and God is literally conversing with them and is furthermore telling them to do things that actually yield no results (Do X and Y will happen, and then Y never does), things get difficult. Balancing the liberty of a person with what needs to be done to effectively empower them is a difficult task. Hi I'm the author of the article. Thanks for your comment. * I didn't post the article here and I wrote it in about 70 minutes; I had no intention of opening up this discussion in HN. * All the information is very public, most of it authored by the gentleman in promotional materials. * The article is about accepting and awareness. There's been much harsher words said about the individual and his project. * The article is mostly in praise of his accomplishments. * I have known very similar people and so this hit me on a personal level. * As an article there's some general rules that yield a good read. I guess I could have been non-specific, or asked for consent of the family, I didn't know this was going to gain so much traction. Yeah. I've only recently become good at it. Changes things enormously when you are no longer ignored. That's horrible. Should I just take it down? I mean really, I don't want to do anything bad like that. I could try to stay up and remove the stuff referring to him ... but I've been struggling to build context without using him as a concrete example. Edit: I'm re-editing it now. (I should be in bed, ug tired) 03:45 I think it is a better job now ... hopefully you find it more acceptable; I'm starting to become a bit incoherent myself and need to catch a wink. 04:25 Just finished another round of editing. I do really hope everything is better. (4:50 still going ... )