Edinburgh, Scotland Surely anyone who has been on a Computer Science degree knows what the fixed point finder is! Just finished: "The Great War for Civilisation" - Robert Fisk "Life on the Mississippi" - Mark Twain "3 Commando Brigade" - Ewen Southby-Tailyour "Anathem" - Neal Stephenson I would suggest doing it sooner rather than later - there isn't that much to pick up and if you use a hosting service very little to install (I use the free service from Unfuddle - which is more than enough for my personal projects). To nitpick, isn't it really that "Selling advertising on the top of search is an extremely important and profitable business"? "if I am in the devil of a hole and want to get out of it, give me Shackleton every time" 1984, Orwell The Demon-Haunted World, Sagan That's probably not a bad rule when thinking about any career - actually speak to people doing it before deciding. I was actually thinking about doing a degree in geology just for the fun of it - then I saw what petroleum geologists get paid! I read Jared Diamond's book "Collapse" a few years ago and it certainly is a sobering book. I would agree with its thesis that we face a distinct possibility of our high tech "Western" society crashing - and due to the Threads linking us together this crash could be pretty hard. I would use the 100 million to investigate possible ways of mitigating the effects of such a crash. As the actual causes would be essentially unpredictable I'd pass on that effort and concentrate on what we could do to establish a degree of continuity of core areas of knowledge: maths, medicine, geography etc. One option would be to build bunkers full of useful books in remote locations (like the gene bank in the Svalbard). However, a better way might be to build a long lasting organisation set apart from our culture - very much like secular versions of medieval monasteries or the mathic concents in Neal Stephenson’s excellent Anathem. The problem is that if the OP's startup is a success then the University will come after him for what they perceive as his abuse of their property. Also if he has external investors unless he has disclosed this problem to them they could well sue him personally - I've been threated by legal action by an unhappy VC and that was also deeply unpleasant. If I was the OP I would walk away from his code - don't even take a copy of it. I would check with an IP lawyer what measures I would have to take to produce a "clean" copy that the University has no claim over and base whatever I did on that recommendation. At least if you do things that way you have some comeback against the lawyers. It is a tricky one - a sensible organisation would wish you the best of luck and hope that your eventual success reflects well on them. However dealing with any large bureacracy means that finding someone who will sign off on such a thing can be tricky! There are still 450 Minuteman III missiles deployed! That is a false dichotomy - kids should learn languages and get some exposure to a decent programming languages. As far as I am concerned, I'd like to read Proust (and Schiller) in the original languages but I'm not aware of anything in Ruby that I'm so keen to read. It's not like the Romans were exactly welcomed in all parts of Britain: "We, the last men on earth, the last of the free, have been shielded till today by the very remoteness and the seclusion for which we are famed. We have enjoyed the impressiveness of the unknown. But today the boundary of Britain is exposed; beyond us lies no nation, nothing but waves and rocks and the Romans, more deadly still than they, for you find in them an arrogance which no reasonable submission can elude. Brigands of the world, they have exhausted the land by their indiscriminate plunder and now they ransack the sea. The wealth of an enemy excites their cupidity, his poverty their lust of power. East and West have failed to glut their maw. They are unique in being as violently tempted to attack the poor as the wealthy. Robbery, butchery, rapine, with false names they call Empire; and they make a wilderness and call it peace." Part of what Calgacus is supposed to have said before the battle of Mons Graupius in North East Scotland. Well, they certainly provided a much needed stimulus to the local wall building industry. "What's to stop someone from creating content you don't agree with, and then putting your tag on it?" You could digitally sign it using secure private key (and if you want to be really secure store the private key on a secure hardware device). Use a X509 cert from a well known CA and pretty much anyone can check whether you wrote it or not. I'm saying this is a good idea though.... Damn - now I have to go and work out how I would implement this.... The trick would be to have a nice combination of a tag (which is always the same) and a digital signature that binds your tag to the content. This is all based on London - which is exceptional both in terms of what is considered a normal commute there and the cost of living there. Locals who are based in London get paid a lot more than the rest of us who choose to live in nicer parts of the UK. My own view is that London is great to visit but I would never want to have a job based there unless I was getting FU money, and even then I'd only do it for a year or two. twitcrime doubleplus ungood Maybe someone needs to create an equivalent of the emacs "Spook Mode" for twitter http://www.turing.org.uk/book/ You don't even need a digital signature - just have them publish a hash value for the files. David Lynch? Having moved by work laptop to 7 from Vista and my sons laptop from Vista to XP I can say that both are upgrades - with my own preference being for 7. I tend to believe that the job of an architect is not to make the important decisions but to make sure the important decisions get made correctly and to take responsibility for that process and its results. One reason might be that "real" architects get a bit upset at the use of it in the software world. In my experience the title is really there to identify who will get shot if the damned thing doesn't work for fundamental technical reasons. Indeed - the classes are sociopaths, clueless and losers: http://www.ribbonfarm.com/2009/10/07/the-gervais-principle-o... Mapping these classes to those in "The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism" I will leave as an exercise for the reader. I guess as these applications won't be run embedded in a browser that the Flex code won't be able to interactive with JavaScript - which is a shame. It looks like I will have to use HTML 5 Canvas to get OpenShapes ( http://shap.es/docs ) to work on this platform. Watching video from online (iPlayer etc.) would be my ideal application for this - an iPhone is too small, a laptop is too clunky and uncomfortable and I hate watching video sitting at a desk. Another thing that might be a hit is multiplayer games. I was playing an air hockey game with my son on his iPod Touch and it was surprisingly good. With a bigger screen that could really be an interesting thing to watch. Lots of board games might work pretty well on something like the iPad as people could sit round it. Perhaps not - but I rather like the idea of four personal hand written notes in our four missile subs, which are hopefully never opened and destroyed when the PM changes. I rather hope they say "Don't fire your missiles at anyone, you will just make things worse". For anyone interested in this kind of stuff I can recommend this book: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Secret-State-Whitehall-Cold-War/dp/0... The story of how the government planned to communicate with the V bomber fleet is wonderful... The British Empire was largely built from commercial interests - look at the East India Company and the Opium Wars. Maybe it was just me, but back in the day when I was paid to write Lisp I was pretty fond of the Common Lisp loop macro. So my Lisp code was pretty loopy... What about LINQ, Transactional NTFS, F#.... I'm no Micrsoft fanboy, but to say that they haven't done anything innovative at all is a bit harsh. Given the success of serious virtualization platforms like VMWare ESX I do think there is a long term danger of Windows becoming a rather thin shim between actual applications and the underlying "real" OS. Especially with the current "Best Practise" of every application running on its own dedicated server as everyone is terrified of the potential conflicts if you have more than one vendor application on the same instance of Windows. From what I can see, the transactions in ZFS and Transactional NTFS are completely different kind of things. The Transactional NTFS kind are distributed transactions of the kind you normally associate with database server and messaging systems like MQ - so your file IO can enlist in a transaction that touches a lot of different things. Not saying it is a good idea - abuse of distributed transactions is a terrible thing, but I do think it is fairly innovative. VW seems to have partial self parking on a lot of models - it steers and you move forwards and backwards. It will also tell you as you drive past a parking space if it is big enough or not. My wife is going to get a car with this system next week - I'm looking forward to giving it a try. I don't think even Yahoo tries to cram that many unrelated features into a single website :-) Look on the bright side, one day the last person who likes VB6 will die too. I think you'll find that pretty much all of us are decended from people who were fed up staying local. Otherwise we'd all still be in Kenya. Interesting fact that I learned from Time Team recently: the UK has apparently had 7 completely separate waves of human habitation, with the population being completely wiped out by Ice Ages in between. The civil service is a meritocracy - they just don't use sane metrics for what merit is. I've seen quite of posters for Google Chrome, which struck me as a bit odd that a company that depends on high tech advertising would resort to such a low tech medium. Of course it is a legitimate threat - if Bing started doing searches in any consistently better way than Google I'd use that. I have about as much loyalty to Google as a service as I did to Altavista: i.e. practically none. I suspect others think this way and Google knows it. I don't know about the US (I suspect it will be the same) - but the chains in the UK compete with each other like a bunch of hyperintelligent velociraptors. Quite good for customers though - in the (rather affluent) area where I live we have a Sainsburys, Waitrose and M&S food store and they are clearly locked in polite but vicious competition. On the subject of anti-submarine naval warfare, I would strongly recommend "Three Corvettes" by Nicholas Monsarrat. http://www.amazon.co.uk/Three-Corvettes-Nicholas-Monsarrat/d... From WW2 rather than WW1 - but I don't think the North Atlantic had changed much. I remember this one from a /. discussion: "SAP is how Lucifer interacts with our world." I initially thought this was a cool idea then went off it - I'm fairly happy using local storage on my home network backed up to multiple "cloud" locations (svn hosting, Carbonite and Mozy). This gives me speed to access stuff with a fairly high degree of resilience.