http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Durability+and+Repair "Of course, some problems require greater durability: we would not recommend using it for a bond trading system." I worked for kink.com for 4 years as a lead sr software engineer. We built an amazing platform on jboss/j2ee that deals with fairly massive scale. I finally decided to move on recently in order to get a change of scenery. While looking for a new gig, every one I interviewed with was quite interested to know what it was like working in the castle. Maybe it kept me from getting a few gigs, I don't know, but the reality is that the experience I gained at kink certainly opened up a lot of opportunities that I didn't have before. I'd say don't worry about it and go for the job. One bit of insider info is that porn companies have a hard time finding really good geek talent. So, if you are truly good, and most of you probably aren't, you can use that to your advantage. Good luck on your job hunting. The boring meetings and conflicts only came relatively recently. It used to be a really fun place to work, but some hires which brought in silly cover your ass politics and corporitification (funny word) really put a damper on things. I'm not saying this to be mean, just clarifying the facts from someone who was on the inside. I do love kink.com and hope the best for them. Funny, these AHN's come up every few months or so. I wrote a good portion of the code and architecture for the kink.com sites. Decided to leave after 4 years working there pretty much because my job there was done, things work really well. Despite what people might think, it was not hard at all to find a 'real' job again as my experience working in extremely high traffic environments is desirable. I did the backend stuff, but wrote a lot of the jsp pages as well. It is all Java/J2EE/JBoss/EJB3/Hibernate with some fairly complicated single sign on stuff going on to allow cross domain auto-login. Hi HN. Great responses. The reason for the title of my posting is not to call 'Subversion A Mistake.' It was because of something Linus said in his video (which I highly recommend you watch). Basically, what he said is that if you can't trust your VCS to have the code in it that it should (and verifiable via hashes), then that is everything. I agree. The Subversion Team, who are all great people and _really_ smart, made a huge mistake with adding mergeinfo to 1.5. It is a trainwreck of pretending to be able to do merges reliably, but in reality, it plain doesn't work. I talk about two specific cases where it breaks down in my posting, but there are many more. Subversion has a lot going for it, I just think that the mergeinfo feature should just be thrown out and reworked from the ground up. My guess is that it will never happen as people will move on to newer and better systems, like git. Nice job! This is full of fail. Your email address is not your identity. I must be able to change my email address without having to change my identity. It isn't about being surprised. Apple is still supplying the JVM. At my company, some IT guy sends out an email saying 'don't install Lion cause Java isn't installed and it breaks Network Connect'. It is this kind of unnecessary confusion which doesn't help anyone. My blog post is simply telling people how they can fix their stuff after Apple decides to make things difficult and confusing for people. So then why not remove ruby and distribute that separately? How about the multi-gig translation language packs that I'll never use? The steps for symlink'ing are totally necessary in order to get click through JDK source code in Eclipse. Of course, it could be argued that Eclipse needs to be fixed to automatically look in the new location, but that location changes for every update and isn't technically 'JAVA_HOME'. Wow, you must have read my blog posting! Snow Leopard comes with Java vs. Lion not coming with Java. Seems like Lion removed Java to me! You are a perl guy, what are you doing reading articles about Java anyway? ;-) I apologize for creating a title that you would be interested in. ;-) I didn't find opening up Terminal.app and typing 'java' difficult or confusing either. The rest of the blog post (with the symlinks) is about telling Eclipse where to find the source code. That said, I think that it sure would be nice if my OS already came with Java. But I use Java every day, so maybe I'm biased. For those of you who are worried about Apple needing to spend a few of the billions of dollars it has in the bank on paying a couple engineers to maintain security patches, it doesn't have to be the Apple or Oracle one either. OpenJDK would be fine. I don't get it. So instead of trying to get paid for your work, you give it to them for free because they won't pay you? CoffeeScript FTW. https://gist.github.com/1214296 I'd be more impressed if this tutorial had included examples where you use SASS (or your favorite css compiler) for building out css. Simply because it provides you with proper organization of css rules and negates the need for naming conventions to figure out what things are. Using CSS without SASS is like writing JavaScript without using CoffeeScript. Find a job in SF? Plenty of places are hiring. http://www.google.com/search?q=ruler+pencil This is great, but after switching to CoffeeScript, I just can't imagine working directly with JS ever again. It's be awesome if you'd somehow integrate CS development into your system. Your jobs page brags that you have 14 servers on your site. WTF? I've run 15+ hardcore porn totally dynamic websites taking millions of hits on just 3 servers and two of those were just for redundancy! Seriously, I've never heard of your company and you are burning through that much cash? I'm sorry, but this really just sounds like a case of 'doing it wrong'. It really sounds like time to hit the reset button before you are completely broke. If you look at it from the point of view of creating a new company that is based online, chances are that you can design the system from the ground up to be entirely hosted in the cloud. Even better than AWS is if you can host your site on a PaaS solution such as Google AppEngine. GAE negates the need for a DBA, netadmin and a sysadmin. I'm building a web based company right now with a good friend of mine and we've gladly chosen GAE because of this single attribute. Both of us are 15+ year sysadmins as well as software engineers. That said, instead of worrying about how we are going to scale and run everything, we are able to focus entirely on the development of features and building the company. As a result, we hope to never have to hire any IT positions. In the end, I don't think the roles will go away since someone still needs to run Google. ;-) I just think that the roles will eventually morph a bit for the companies that can take advantage of PaaS solutions. Best question after the talk: "Why didn't you just use / modify an existing tool like jenkins?" Ha! =) If only open source projects had more money to spend on marketing. Too bad there isn't a more marketing professionals who like to donate their time to open source projects. =) "I thought I loved Mustache a year ago, but over time I’ve learned just how revolutionary separating templates from views is toward maintainability and collaboration." Wow, it makes me wonder what you were doing before? I'm more a fan of http://www.handlebarsjs.com/ . It has a few handy features that are missing from Mustache. oh, very helpful. thanks! I just take bits and pieces from it that I like. For example, I took the table css and modified it a bit for my tastes. Came out great. Great to know, but CoffeeScript handles most of this for you. The whole Java is too verbose argument is starting to sound like a broken record. With an IDE and tools like ProjectLombok around, you don't need to type much more than most other languages. I code a lot in CoffeeScript and Java and I type less in Java because at least it has static types and code completion. Try renaming a method or variable in CoffeeScript. ;-) ctrl-space (code completion) and annotations are your friends. Obviously Java8 makes the whole argument go away and now that the multi-year stalemate on Java7 is over, we know that Sunacle is focused on getting Java8 out as well. That is like saying a carpenter doesn't need a hammer. An IDE is just a tool for doing your job. You don't actually need an IDE to write Java, but it sure makes it a lot easier to build a house. Show me the source of both of them. Agreed. I spend way more time in the debugger in CoffeeScript than I do with Java, simply because I have no idea what type of object I'm dealing with at that particular instant. I also tend to write pages of Java code and it runs the first time because I can read it and see exactly what it is doing before it runs. The compiler also tells me what typos I have in my code before I even have to run it. I'm curious what the hebrew at the very bottom of the page says. 184 people are underpaid and living in poverty. I read the entire thing and all I could think about it was: Too Much Information. Seriously. What is more amazing is how quickly someone registered his last words.com I'm heavily using CS for my new business and I absolutely love it. I can't thank you enough for being brilliant enough to create it. This is great, I've been having a debate with a friend about this for a while now. This settles it (in my favor). I started out with sass. Then I started using twitter bootstrap, which uses less, so I switched to less because the mixin syntax is nicer / simpler (easy to switch since moving in that direction is syntactically very similar). Looking at the closure syntax, it doesn't seem like much of an advantage over less. I think I'll stay where I'm at. "We had a backup from earlier in the week" week? That seems kind of off. I'd suggest setting up backups more often than that, especially for production data. Sorry to hear about that. I destroyed a drive once a long time ago (~1994) as well. Happens to the best of us. Years ago, he paid for a site license for one of my small shareware projects when he only needed a single copy. I was so happy. I heart woz. 16 is a great age to start to learn how to write code. You've got plenty of time to hone your skills and this will make you much more marketable when you graduate high school and/or college. What skills do you have? It seems that Ruby developers are the hot ticket in SF these days, so if you can find a job, maybe they will sponsor your visa. Took me a few plays of the video to figure out what was going on. I finally noticed it in the bottom right corner. That said, it is pretty and unique. Haven't seen a loader like that before. I'm a huge fan of CS (I'm spending about 10 hours a day in it right now for my startup) and I like the simplicity of the actual CS documentation. This is really nice, but a bit too 'deep' or 'tl;dr' for my personal tastes. I was able to learn the basics really quickly and then started writing code and learning more from there as I ran into things I didn't know how to do. That said, anything to further the learning of CS is great in my book. Nice job. I applaud you for having a business model. As well as one that does not involve ads. That said, I can't see myself (or anyone else for that matter) spending $10 a month (per user) on the current version of service. Basically, you've implemented a relatively basic 'wall'. There really just isn't enough there to warrant spending that much money. I think you need to spend some more time on adding features than repeatedly posting to HN as a way to drum up business and feedback. Does Facebook have the ability to produce software with the required level of quality necessary to ship in consumer hardware devices? I've worked with their API's, which are core to their business, and they tend to be inconsistently implemented, changed at will and have high rates of failure. The existing culture of 'whatever, just ship it' would never produce a phone that is bug free enough to ship. I don't think the fail whales have gotten any less frequent. I still see them all the time and I hardly ever use twitter. Just because a few execs leave the company doesn't mean that would cause more fail whales. The real value is the engineering and ops teams who keep the system going. I'd look to see who on those teams have left recently. Well written. I wrote a similar article recently as well... http://lookfirst.com/2011/11/contributing-to-open-source.htm...