> Assuming that Twitter has 2M users Crazy as it sounds, Twitter is far from that popular. It has mindshare in the tech sector, but is for from widely adopted. http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/summize_twitter_trends.... There are a couple hundred thousand active users per week. It's probably close to that per day, but still only a couple hundred thousand. I believe the free option is to use the carrier supplied email gateways (which is what something like Google Maps uses to send addresses). If you want a full two-way messaging system like Twitter, you have to pay up. You can find open source software, but you need access to the networks and that's going to cost money. It's quite a racket, they often charge both the sender and the receiver. Both PayFlow (now owned by PayPal) and Authorize.net make subscription billing easily programmed. Authorize probably makes it a little easier because they have more code samples, but it's really just an API call for whichever. No, it doesn't really make sense. What it the AP wouldn't write about something that Reuters already did? News is news, but demanding first or nothing is a very poor technique. I wouldn't worry about it. TechCrunch is not always a huge traffic driver (nor is Mashable obviously) and I wouldn't want to reward their petty games anyway. What's TC's goal? Covering web startups or covering web startups that Mashable hasn't written about? The content at TC has been going down hill for a long time, but this is really pathetic. Obviously, but this is a mention, not a feature article in an entertainment magazine. Engadget will cover something after Gizmodo and vice versa. It's ridiculous that TechCrunch won't. I stopped reading TC a while ago because the signal to noise ratio started diving, but I wouldn't read it now even if it had great content. I don't care who has what first, I'll read who's comprehensive and honest. Mike wants to be the new CNET and that's not going to happen by being a bitch about being first. TechCrunch didn't exactly have a high bar for technical knowledge before, but Gillmor is definitely lowering the bar. He's the John Dvorak of web 2.0. He's perfect for TC's style of throwing shit up against the wall and not linking (and possibly blocking) anyone that refutes it. A high-deductible plan with an HSA is the way to go. You can put up to your deductible into the HSA annually with pre-tax dollars, so after a year or two you have money in the bank in case anything happens (and depending on your cash-flow can either continue to pay into). It's a great deal. The lander is powered by a 33MHz computer that costs $200-300k. I love how much gets done with so little power. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAD6000 I couldn't find what language they were working in, does anyone know? Ada? I would be shocked if the actual rovers used Java. Perhaps Java is used in the tools used to control them (that send the signals), but not the little guys themselves. Facebook's definitely spending more than $1m a month. Way more. They have over 500 employees. Do the math, at $1m/mo and only factoring in staff costs everyone would have to be making 24k a year without any benefits. I would say $10m/mo is a conservative estimate. > They are the preeminent news source Except when Mashable writes about something first and TechCrunch refuses to follow. Writers very frequently use the dictionary. There is no problem with it, that's why we have dictionaries. I think the idea is choice. A device maker could make a dumbed down version for mom and a power user version for you. The iPhone is somewhere inbetween. Perhaps the servers were not near the explosion? Twitter definitely does not have millions of daily active users. There are only 824M total tweets. Comparing IDs from posts 24 hours apart shows there were ~500,000 tweets in the past 24 hours. Your guess is still way high. It's around 200,000 active per week. Probably close to that every day as well since it's a dedicated group. http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/04/29/end-of-speculation-the-... A Flash interface is not going to help kill Amazon. Lower prices and faster shipping would. Amazon massacres the new Borders on price. Not to mention selecting "Books" on the top menu gets me an error message on a blank page: > This page can't be displayed due to a security violation. Contact support for additional information I can just see Amazon quivering. Did they try and balance prick bias? A lot of brain surgeons are hot shots. Hot shots like to show how important they are by using a hands free unit (Mr. Important can't be bothered to use a hand while he's rudely talking on the phone in line at Starbucks). Thus, brain surgeons are likely to use hands free units. It's in San Francisco. They probably buy from the VCs. Not real likely to be attacked, since they would not only need to know the database name, but the address of the PHPMyAdmin install. But hopefully it's addressed quickly. I don't have PHPMyAdmin installed locally, I use GUI client. And you also don't know the name of my databases. As I said, I hope it gets addressed quickly, but I just don't see it very likely that this will be exploited whatsoever. But you still need to know the address of the site. You'd need to create a new attack site for every victim. And then lure the victim there after they had just been in PHPMyAdmin. Not exactly like a CSRF in Facebook or something. It should definitely be fixed, but it really is a weak attack. And then they could create company stores and pay in company money. It would be a closed system! The distances in the US might be larger, but the pattern similar. Most people go between home and work. And then other trips are similar--shop at the same stores, go out at the same restaurants, etc. Most weeks I don't leave a three mile radius. Since it funds the development of FireFox, I don't really care. I wasn't going to use Live.com anyway. An office full of shysters. You should start selling the ice from the freezer to eskimos. Congrats on the sales though, that's pretty bad ass. The health of the CEO definitely has impacts on the company, especially so in Apple's case. The health of Apple is directly related to Jobs, much more so than any other large company I can think of. There was an article (can't remember where) about his first bout with cancer and the struggle he had to stay on the up and up with the SEC. Basically it's his private matter up until it would be likely to affect his performance. It's kind of a grey area, but keeping things disclosed is much better for the company. It's pretty depressing, but you'd have all sorts of insider trading problems with only a few people knowing you're sick. The people who would know (nurses, doctors, etc) would probably be fairly under the radar as far as that's concerned too. I think it's handy for apps you use all day, such as Gmail. It shows up in the Dock with a Gmail logo, if you quit Safari your Gmail doesn't go away, etc etc. You can do video-to-video chatting in many countries. Most 3G phones outside of the US have a front-facing camera for exactly this purpose. It's not that great though, I can do video chat on my computer and never use it. What's going to be left to do at Yahoo? Develop Yahoo! Mail? Or is that going to be Gmail as well. ... By not requiring $90 a month plans. I love the humility: > Yahoo Stock is down sharply based on this story and a follow up by Reuters. It was the "follow up" by one of the most widely read and respected news sources. Once it hit Reuters and WSJ it was up on Drudge, CNN, etc. That caused the stock to dive, not a mention on TC inbetween Twitter rants. Why? This would be outsourcing Yahoo's heart and soul. It's a major game changer and has dramatic long term effects in terms of growth and probability. Search and advertising sales. Until the cash (not stock) is in your account, you have nothing. Considering the finicky audience and the trouble monetizing it, FB could very well pull a Friendster. There are plenty of other successful companies that weren't founded on fucking over everyone who helped in the early stages. Google for example. They didn't transfer the IP to a new corp after they realized it was a good idea. You don't get quotes in the NY Times like this every day: > "The redesign is intended to address a problem of social networking sites, which is that many user pages have the aesthetic appeal of a 14-year-old’s high-school locker." And the situation isn't so bad, MySpace is still trouncing FaceBook in revenue. You read wrong my friend: > Not all of reddit's code will be released, however. Huffman told me that while about 95 percent of reddit's code base is getting released at code.reddit.com under the CPAL license (the same one Facebook used to open source its own platform), including the rating algorithm that chooses which stories float to the front page http://code.reddit.com/browser/r2/r2/lib/db/sorts.py http://code.reddit.com/browser/r2/r2/lib/normalized_hot.py No it's not, it searches entire URLs, names, etc. So site.com/news will come up as well. I found the "awesome bar" entirely un-awesome as well. Probably not after the whole eBay fiasco. > © 2008 Copyright of Icahn Blog LLC All business. Always. But then you have to have the full domain, which is shitty. Defeats the purpose of having it search at all. I thought it was going to be about a system of being a dick to everyone you've ever done business with or who helped you early on, but this is almost as obvious. Unless you're huge you aren't going to connect directly in with the operators. There are too many and the implementation is hell. You connect into a middleman who has direct connections to all the majors. Search for premium SMS providers. There are quite a few. It's probably not going to be cheap, especially if you want a dedicated short code (they rake you over the coals for that). m-bill.net is one that came up for me and I've heard of them in the past. They have agreements in place internationally, which can be a really good thing. But they don't list prices, which can be a bad sign. Realistically you're probably looking at $1000 a month minimum. And giving up about half the revenue (I think a lot goes to the carrier, but you can't really find out the exact percentage because the providers work off volume and what not). That's not for PSMS though (which is what the OP was talking about, transactions and all that). Responding to users still is not PSMS. Whole different game. Apple isn't even in the smartphone market yet. You can't install apps. Yes, but not Valley hipsters so no one pays attention. SMS isn't even a big part of Twitter--most of their traffic goes through the API. It really is Twitter for links, they even have the uptime record!