Good luck with that. I daydream of a similar path (though Spain/Portugal rather than France). 150,000 people die every day. Check www.breathingearth.net and watch the counts of births/deaths, how quickly they move. Watch the deaths. Try to imagine each one as a real human being with a funeral, mourners, leaving a gap in other's lives. It's hard - impossible? 100,000 people is a _lot_ of people. That's not considering all the suffering that happens before many of those deaths from illness, disease, accident, war, muggings and assaults... I don't think people could stay sane if we couldn't be dismissive (or perhaps, accepting) of mass suffering. I downloaded a Ha, I thought, Vim will eat this for breakfast. chug chug , task manager, end task. :( Right, I'll break out the Emacs. chug chug , task manager, end task. :( Hmm, what else do I have. Notepad. opened in seconds . :) Promptly followed by search and replace can't insert newlines . :( If 80 in 10000 people who read Hacker News click on that link and 80% of them read all of the page, and 9 in 200 of them would previously have voted up the link and 32% of them leave New York at 14:10 travelling at 55mph, what is the probability that one of them is Bruce Willis? The world is just waiting for Fax-to-Voicemail. Just play the faxmail recording into your fax machine to get a convenient printout of the message! Like an email you can skim read the text, like a phonecall you can be sure it arrived. The best of both worlds! Oh, sorry - the prior probability that any given person is Bruce Willis is roughly 1 in 6x10^9. I can follow the nice, sensible text about how you can take an initial probability of something happening, and a binary test which branches into four outcomes including genuine and false positives and genuine and false negatives, and the ratios coming from the four branches describe how accurately the test discerns the two possibilities, and the more accurate the test the more tightly coupled it is to the thing you are testing for and the more it drives the initial probability one way or the other. "A Plan for Spam" - an initial probability than an email is spam. A test such as "does the email contain 'vi4gra'" and some probabilities calculated from your email archive of how often spam contains 'vi4gra' and how often it doesn't, and how often ham contains 'vi4gra' and how often it doesn't, and you can precisely adjust your probability of an email being spam based on whether it contains that text. Training it on your email archive means you can judge incoming email never seen before without being unfairly prejudiced against it just because it's new, only judging it on whether it has spammy characteristics - and Bayes' Theorem applied to your previous email _tells you what it means for an email to have spammy characteristics_, is that right? It seems kind of straightforward, and yet I can't (yet) follow it through numerically so I clearly don't understand it; I may be glossing over big important parts of it. So if 300 people have a 30% probability of having a positive result from a mammography, and 60% of people who don't have a positive result aren't 40% less likely to not have a 1 in 10 chance of already being a winner ... wait, where did the train come into it again? :( If you do that, and load some information from a slow storage device (hard disk), calculate on it for a hundred years, then write it back, load some more, repeat, until you have computed "one planck time" accross your entire simulated universe... ... at what point in the loading, crunching, saving, does the information inside feel concious and self aware 'in realtime'? "If you're investing $500+ in a chair, you'd understandably want to be sure it's "the one"." Really?. Go to ted.com and watch Barry Schwartz's video on the paradox of choice... you will probably be happier with your chair if you have no choice of chair, or choose it quickly and are stuck with it, with no opportunity to change your mind than if you try dozens of them with 30 day no quibble return policies to find 'the one'. That seems an unwise choice... "Bayesianity states that, when you die, Pierre-Simon Laplace examines every single event in your life [...] Then Laplace takes every event in your life, and every probability you assigned to each event, and multiplies all the probabilities together. This is your Final Judgment - the probability you assigned to your life. Those who follow Bayesianity strive all their lives to maximize their Final Judgment. This is the sole virtue of Bayesianity. The rest is just math. One who follows Bayesianity will never assign a probability of 1.0 to anything. Assigning a probability of 1.0 to some outcome uses up all your probability mass. If you assign a probability of 1.0 to some outcome, and reality delivers a different answer, you must have assigned the actual outcome a probability of 0. This is Bayesianity's sole mortal sin. Zero times anything is zero. When Laplace multiplies together all the probabilities of your life, the combined probability will be zero. Your Final Judgment will be doodly-squat, zilch, nada, nil. No matter how rational your guesses during the rest of your life, you'll spend eternity next to some guy who believed in flying saucers and got all his information from the Weekly World News" - http://yudkowsky.net/bayes/technical.html "Is anyone else ever disturbed by the attempts to "make X fun!" by inclusion of cartoon characters and other inanity?" Yes, Mr Lockhart is - "A similar problem occurs when teachers or textbooks succumb to cutesyness. This is where, in an attempt to combat so-called 'math anxiety' (one of the panoply of diseases which are actually caused by school), math is made to seem 'friendly'. To help your students memorize formulas for the area and circumference of a circle, for example, you might invent this whole story about 'Mr. C', who drives around 'Mrs. A' and tells her how nice his 'two piesare' (C = 2πr) and how her 'pies are square' (A = πr2) or some such nonsense. But what about the real story? The one about mankind’s struggle with the problem of measuring curves; about Eudoxus and Archimedes and the method of exhaustion; about the transcendence of pi? Which is more interesting? measuring the rough dimensions of a circular piece of graph paper, using a formula that someone handed you without explanation (and made you memorize and practice over and over) or hearing the story of one of the most beautiful, fascinating problems, and one ofthe most brilliant and powerful ideas in human history? We’re killing people’s interest in circles for god’s sake!" - http://www.maa.org/devlin/LockhartsLament.pdf (which I originally found linked on HN or reddit, and enjoyed reading ... but then what? Where is a near layperson to find mathematical writing that walks the line between Mr C and his two pies, and the impenetrable mathworld.wolfram.com, neatly skipping the textbooks written to look comprehensive to school purchasers, rather than to be useful? ( http://www.overcomingbias.com/2007/11/lost-purposes.html )) You say that as if he should admit some wrong doing. People paid him to manage their money, asking him to make as much as possible, knowing that he could win or lose, and he did and lost. Where did he "do wrong"? Ah, ok. Windows Mobile and Symbian cover a lot of devices and many years of brand building and development - Apple has one phone, 12 months of sales. For them to get it so right that it competes even slightly impresses me. They seem correct because they almost all change their minds so they can't be wrong: "Last year, Joe Q. Bloggs wrote 'Why the iPhone is terrible, stupid and will go nowhere and nobody will buy it'" "So Joe, are you surprised by the iPhone's success?" "No." "Last year, Bill Q. Briggs wrote 'the iPhone is absolutely and without any doubt the. worst. phone. ever., bar none, and it has no redeeming features. at all. It is the "big rigs" of phones'." "So, Mr Briggs, are you surprised by the iPhones success?" "No. Anyone can see it's a great phone, I always said it had the bling factor." > and I have yet to hear anyone explain to me what OGG gives me that mp3 doesn't The right to use - or as a developer, create - a program that can play/record music in that format without permission from, or payment to, the people who developed and patented said format. The right to read the file format specification and change it to suit your own use without consulting or paying anyone or breaking the law. You are explaining how you download music in MP3 format to avoid DRM restrictions - but the MP3 format itself is locked-in and restricted. Yes things are innovative and interesting while being restricted, but they aren't free if they are restricted. That is, they can't be used to build more innovative and interesting things (without permission or payment) if they are restricted. Since my Gran was in a home, I've thought that IT / the internet really should be able to help with some of the loneliness. I know I feel more connected with forums and IRC than I do without. No. Sites I want YC to fund include a new product review site. One that focuses on the details of a device's software rather than pure hardware spec. The iPhone/iPod touch is far from just a tablet with firefox (safari) on it. It's understandable, affordant, responsive, coherent, slick, sleek, predictable, wonderful. It has QWAN by the bucket load. It DWIM. And you don't get a feel for that in a review that talks about its 128Mb RAM and 400Mhz processor and IMAP email support. That makes it sound identical to my Windows Mobile HTC, yet between the two is a vast yawning cavern of difference. What he describes is, frankly, a crap idea. It's got a big touch screen, processor, memory, storage, OS, power supply, video card, mainboard, USB controller, WLAN, but No keyboard, and with extremely limited software. Yes, a general computer with extremely limited software. Exactly what drives the development of OpenMoko, pwnagetool, Linux, ipodlinux, DD-WRT and openWRT, linux for the PS2 and on and on. Has he seen the Asus EEE inspired Dell E? The other dozens of small, cheap, wireless-enabled, flash driven linux subnotebooks? I feel that any list worded in the style: - some item - another item - ... - oh yeah, and REALLY IMPORTANT POINT contains condescension inherently. It says "the last point is the core of my post and is so important that you must know it. See how I faked almost-forgetting-it to clearly show how trivial it is to me. Be thankful that I deigned to hand it down to you instead of just throwing it away." I can't believe that kind of upmod gets commented here. Wikipedia Do they? Or are you defining average environments as those environments in which average work is done? The PG-recommended startup plan consists of several people sharing low cost living-and-working space and living on instant noodles, yet doing above average work. The direction of cause and effect doesn't seem as clear cut as DHH suggests. If, as he claims, most people would want to take longevity treatment, why does Aubrey De Gray face such opposition from people against it? Why doesn't he consider anything else that would change? You don't get longevity right now - nobody will be a hundred and fifty for a good 50 years, and that's a lot of technological change at today's rate. What about the problem that all the things he discusses relating to compound interest, insurance and pension investments and so on rely on the economy "continuing to grow" forever and ever, which seems a bit of an unsustainable idea. Also, he is arguing as if the longevity treatment will lead to a world full of handout-dependent frail unproductive elderly people. Aubrey de Gray particularly, is after life extension by reverting ongoing ageing and keeping people healthy and middle aged indefinitely. That is, not retired and on handouts and depending on young people to support them, but "being" young people themselves. The real goal of longevity is not a long retirement but a long vibrant life. What about people who own their own homes by the time they are 50, invest for another 50 years until they are 100, then live off the interest - they wont be dependent on young workers to keep their pensions going (except to the extent of needing a permanently growing economy to pay interest :P). Pensions are only around because old people "can't" work today. I say "can't" in quotes, because if it came down to it a lot could with the help of good future telecomms kit or part time work (or powered exoskeletons or whatever). It's a very poorly-considered scaremongering article and as such quite annoying. The author should go and read John Wyndham's "Trouble With Lichen", and then some De Gray, Kurzweil, Yudkowsky and as much general Sci-Fi as possible to broaden his/her perception of the kinds of futures that may be, so they don't get stuck with one world view. Indefinitely long lived people could colonise Mars (and further) - what's a 6 month trip and 50 years of colony building then? Or with some improved materials, Clarke style space elevator skyscrapers, or Asimov style undergroundscrapers or undersea dwellings. Or any of the following somewhat plausible ideas could change everything - AI / effective neural enhancements / wearable computers where (user + wearable) > (unenhanced human) / useable genetically engineered bacteria / usable nanotechnology / etc. Craig Venter is working on genetically engineered bacteria to convert plants -> fuel locally, on a small scale. Imagine owning a home and a fuel plant and a self harvesting farm with resiliant crops... you wouldn't need to work full time to live and that would free up partial jobs for younger people. As they say, it's prudent to think about longevity before it happens. But shouldn't we think about how to make it happen smoothly and pleasantly for as many people as possible, and not just worry and spread FUD about it? Thinking that you can design your own crypto system is the flaw. If you can say "I did X so now that doesn't apply to me", then you're back to thinking it's OK for you to do it - in that case, it's not OK for you to do it again. Yes, that leaves nobody who can invent new cryptosystems. That's fine. I guess we'll have to get some smart person who doesn't think they can invent a good crypto system to do it, and who thus spends many years of careful, skillful analysis doing the best job they can instead. Oh well. ;) This is (another) reason why Biometric ID cards are not a good idea. As a government official who wants to roll out ID cards, would you rather one that's available now, or one that's going to be out in 3-5 years and be more expensive, but which the vendor alleges will be an unquantifiable amount "more secure"? In a perfect world, mimetypes would not exist. A PDF file does not become a plain text file just because some berk serves it with "text/plain" and it shouldn't open directly in the browser showing me a stream of gibberish. A PDF file also does not suddenly become a security risk worthy of blocking at a firewall because some berk served it as "application/x-initech-file" (true story, name changed). Use the file extension, that's what it's there for. If it's a .gif, don't load and run it as a Java program! hmm, that's a bit of a flaw in my plan. """What we had hoped for was more awareness, some recognition that their position needed explaining and even justification.""" Why does their position need justification? """They could not see that the pleasure they derived from possessions, prospects and doing well by their children is universal and that others deserve a share of that, too.""" Would the authors care explain on what grounds others "deserve" a share? """A last defence against paying more tax was their absolute conviction that government is inefficient and could not to be trusted with a penny more.""" Not-rich people seem to think that rather a lot, too. """One banker said he thought a family of four receives "say, £3,000 a month in their hands, and they're somewhere miles up north. They're not going to earn that sort of money, so where's the incentive for them to go out to work?" In fact, a family of four would in 2008 receive a net total of £1,328 a month.""" That's still the after-tax take home of someone on the average salary mentioned earlier. Free. Ad-hom Scroogey name calling wont help. This is engineering, not artwork. All of the weight of the rider is being borne on the tiny pivot joints between the circular bits and the "boxes". The rear circular bit would have to be hollow to contain some kind of drive chain, and the rear wheel would need hub gears. Internal break cables, or breaking by pedaling backwards. Steering pivots on the middle joint, so the front circular bit turns too. Definitely ugly though. ;) I'm not at all for it. It's bloody annoying. So many firewalls and routers and lights out cards and remote access controllers and other misc. network kit - firefox 3 is tripping over itself to get in my way as much as possible. On another note, Windows mobile does this about Exchange Activesync connections, and some carriers force you to edit the registry to allow self signed certificates, then make you install the certificate. It was such a breath of fresh air when the iPhone just said "Trust this site? Yes / No", I clicked "Yes" and that was it. The real problem is that it's no more secure. It's IN MY FACE, but the result is not me comparing hashes and generating trusted certificates and bringing the devices back to this office and connecting by console to install the certificates over a known a trusted connection (because trusting the site, then installing a certificate is not secure if the site is already subject to a man in the middle attack)... I still skip over it, but now I hate firefox because of it as well. And if the end result isn't more security, and is more annoying, then it's not a good solution. In what sense was this a scam? Obscured, hard to find or misleading price? Nope. False or misleading promises of what the program does? Nope. So what's the scam? That you think it's overpriced? That he bought it and now doesn't want it? That the author created it with the sole intention of making money? Caveat Emptor, and all that. Yes, I think there should be an "undo" option, a cooldown period, right to cancellation and money back no questions asked - but there's no wrongdoing here - he has no right to feel outraged or hard done by about the situation. If you're on Windows there's also MaxiVista Sketchy, Fitful Why Other roads with traffic problems bad enough that drivers avoid them if they believe a new alternative has appeared. "imagine yourself living next door to him" In my imagination I'm not peering through his basement window going "Oh no, things I don't understand and which therefore they must be 'potentially dangerous'! This an emergency!" "This is hardly a "chemical set". It sits firmly in "WTF" category, especially if you are charged with protecting public safety. A couple of posts earlier you said this is _not_ an example of "war on the unexpected", now you argue that because people in charge say "wtf?" when they hear what he's doing, they should shut him down just in case - in the interests of public safety. Which is exactly the point of the "war on the unexpected" discussion. "Consider the context. An usually large amount of potentially dangerous chemicals in a residential area is an emergency situation." No, it's not. A swimming pool is an unusually large amount of potentially dangerous chemical - someone could die of asphyxiation if they accidentally inhaled even a very small fraction of it! Ban DiHydrogen Monoxide! Fearmongering for everyone! Heck, with this we can completely solve "build something people want" and fill in the ever mysterious step 2 into the bargain: 1) Create a home page peppered with links (all 404s) 2) Fill in the links, prioritising by link click count, building your company into one which solely and only does Things People Want (tm). 3) Profit "Fool me once, shame on ... {404 proverb not found} shame on you. Fool me, can't get fooled again" To borrow from Eliezer, if you really can't believe something that is happening can happen, then your mental model is wrong. I originally posted: Every time I have hit this message, it has been mostly irrelevant to me and disrupted what I was doing [I'm no longer so certain - I can't be sure my router configs haven't been stolen by a MITM attack. I suppose I really ought to find out how to generate and install SSL certificates from a trusted root on them, and post them to someone at the remote sites on an encrypted pen drive.] I manage a fair amount of networking kit, I find Google results to mailing lists with mysterious and pointless SSL connections. As someone posted in the "End of the Windows Era" thread: "I don't care what OS you have, as long as you have a reasonable browser". This isn't reasonable behaviour. SSL does not prove anything useful - at the very most that you are connecting to the site your browser intended to connect to, assuming the site DNS hasn't been hacked. Anyone can pay $20 and get a valid certificate and that doesn't mean you should trust them with your bank account details. Any site with a valid SSL cert might have been hacked behind the SSL termination. If you're scared of MITM attacks, aren't you just as scared of valid SSL certificates on sites with fake DNS or hacked servers? IE8 isn't out properly yet. Maybe with enough fuss, it can be changed before it is. They have collectively invested squillions of hours, but I question whether they have done so "improving" the desktop. My stock answer to this, and I am picking on them somewhat unfairly but it feels representative enough to make a point, is Linspire. "Come on baby, run Linspire" they sang at me. "We have photo organisers and music players" they advertised. And showed a picture of LSongs Media Player. http://media.linspire.com/mailers/mm/lsongs-shot.jpg Need I say more? Is anything else needed to tell you why people are willing to spend $$$ on OSX? Software licensing - the worst invention since tangled cables. I don't want key infrastructure to have license keys in it and need new license keys to unlock more features. ESX Server? Firewalls? Routers? No! As little code as possible, as high quality as possible, please. Why not? If Eve can take control of DNS and redirect bankofamerica.com to an IP on her servers, and it goes to a webserver with a ceritficate signed for "bankofamerica.com" by a widely trusted CA, then the browser will load it without complaint and show it as a padlocked site. The only guard seems to be whether she can get any certificate company to sign a certificate for bankofamerica.com. Since it's cheap and easy to get basic SSL certificates from many places, this doesn't seem a very difficult obstacle for her to overcome with a bit of forging, social engineering, insider access, bribery, etc. (I imagine that she could go to the real bankofamerica.com, save the certificate details it presents, and pass them on MITM style - but hope there are replay-prevention techniques involved. This doesn't affect the question above, though). https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html I use one of those quite often - I think the "zap" one. Because you can, er, "make $$$ fa$t", as the saying goes. There is no ground level - it's turtles all the way down. That's what you would do? Is that what you actually do? Presumably you have had (or could have borrowed) $300 in capital at some point in your life... "Yeah", he replied using his pencil-thin infrared flashlight input device. It's Monday August 25th, 2048. You are old. Kids around you are fed up of your stories with no point, your failed dreams of longevity, rejuvenation and mental uploading sound like all fifty year old future predictions have ever done. There is technology everywhere, but like I said, you're old and it's all Greek to you (and after the cheap nervous system splice, you can't stop your hands shaking enough to coherently access the menus and change it back). Your colleagues aren't phoning you to ask for a boat impeller design as magnetohydrodrives became popular after the rise of the room temperature semiconductor and your firm went under a dozen years ago. There is still no one-pill-meal and the first moon base plans (all autonomic) are only 3 to 5 years from approval by the Brazilian Government. The eleventy o'clock bell rings. Everyone stops what they are doing and switches to the two-minute-hate channel for a good rant and to diffuse a daysworth of anger. Today's figure was picked for raising hopes too high and contributing to the misery of millions. It's Ray Kurzweil. You vent your spleen all over (there's surgery that can fix that now, but you couldn't afford it if you sold your left kidney, assuming you hadn't already done so). Amazingly, you do live in a dome-covered city. It's stiflingly hot and muggy year round. Do you mean Ortho-K? (Not sure if that's a procedure or a brand name). They've got a team of people and multiple companies involved, a basic case, hardware plan and working model, and your response is: "you can't do that, your working model isn't good enough, you're all incompetent and overreaching, you're a bunch of nerds and you're just stealing other designer's hardware." Why does your comment have any positive votes at all? Much as I think the idea is silly (keyboards forever!) "Do these guys really think you can brew up a $200 web tablet at an old kitchen table?" - yes, yes they do. And good luck to them.