This is nothing new; letting an optimizing compiler do the heavy lifting has been the general-case recommendation for a long time now. But there are still circumstances where it's necessary to write assembly, particularly in things like real-time programming. Doesn't matter how good a job the compiler did on the overall program, if you can afford 16 cycles on an inner loop and the compiler spits out 24 then you've gotta hand-tune it. Going to take a wild guess that this is "Begin, A Tactical Starship Simulation" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Begin_%28video_game%29 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNdDROtrPcQ&feature=kp Pretty neatly conveys the feelings on this topic. It's impressive how many words and charts a government agency needs to use to say "listen to the dreamers once in a while". Frankly not a very self-critical piece. It's pretty obvious why a lot of ideas get squashed - the CIA is at the core a political organization like any other, there's things that the leaders want to hear and things they don't. You don't need a big chart and buzzwords ("hedgehog/groundhog/brown fox/red fox"), you need institutional reform and de-politicization. Unlimited free energy means we eventually global-warm our planet through waste heat. Works out at about 10% the potency of greenhouse gasses per MW. I get a little bit of heartburn over running arbitrary scripts downloaded from internet websites. The easiest alternative is to run "curl ", download the script, take a peek at the source, and only THEN follow up with the sh. I mean, you're probably going to see a bunch of "download and install" commands, so you don't get much reassurance if you're worried that one of THOSE might be compromised too. But that's a problem inherent to unsigned internet installer scripts. At least you've somewhat mitigated the possibility that it's dumping your private SSH key to a server somewhere or some other blatantly malicious command. On the other hand, the script might also include appropriate SHA1 verification commands, or be setting up a repository in a package manager, in which case it's pretty reasonable to trust the script. Well, the Unix approach to this is a sandbox application and a shell application, not a sandboxed shell application. Docker attempts many of those tasks. On windows there's Sandboxie, which does more or less what you want as well. It creates a sandbox whose filesystem and internals can be modified by sandboxed applications without affecting the state of the REAL filesystem. Very nice utility for mitigating bad programming - I often use it to run multiple copies of applications that crash or refuse to launch multiple instances. I have not used the other two for comparison, but Paint.Net is my go-to recommendation for casual graphics editing. It's not Photoshop or Illustrator, of course, but all the features you need for basic photo adjustments and light-duty layout type stuff. At a glance, Krita looks pretty nice for doing artworks from scratch. The government isn't responsible for utilities tending towards monopoly - it's a natural outcome of any market with small unit costs and high barriers to entry. For a self-proclaimed libertarian, you're ignoring a very basic tendency of market systems. Natural monopolies are Econ 100 level stuff, and utilities are the textbook example. As a working definition, a piece of hardware really isn't useful if another piece of hardware will do the same task better, at a lower cost. You can run a low-power PC and check your email like it's 1980 just fine, and these days they're VERY cheap. A $30 5W Raspberry Pi is more than capable of running 'mail' on the command line. For a bit more power, quad-core 1.6ghz ARM SOCs are about $60-70. For fileserver type stuff, a 15W Liva with a Baytrail-M can be had for $115, or you can build out a full quad-core mini-ITX for something like $175. The reduced power usage very quickly amortizes the cost of the hardware. If you would save 200W by retiring a dinosaur - that's $17.28 per month of 24/7 usage. If you've got a Rpi on for 4 hours per day checking your email - it amortizes out within 10 months. This totally ignores the additional headaches associated with old, failing, unsupported hardware. You yourself described it as a "sinister amount of maintenance and stress". You can make a philosophical argument here that a piece of hardware is never truly dead if it'll still push bits, but be honest here - if you're running up your power bill to avoid spending $100 on new hardware, if you're putting up with a PITA system for the heck of it - it's not useful , it's your hobby . Hobbies are fun, I think it's fun to keep old gear going too, but be realistic about the merits of such activities. Right, but the traditional core ecosystem tools have pretty poor performance (long deploys, etc). Point is there is something there that "needs to be fixed". There are tools that do that, but those are hard sells in an enterprise environment for a lot of reasons. Businesses tend to be wary of building long-term solutions in flavor-of-the-week frameworks/environments/etc. Even when it's just a dev tool, even assuming that the tool behaves exactly like a real production environment, there's overhead to throwing away your workflow that Just Works and getting everyone used to something new. And developer culture right now is that there's a new must-have "Hottest Tool/Framework/Library That Will PUMP UP YOUR PRODUCTIVITY!" every couple months. And rightly or wrongly those tools are often a hard sell to management when there's ongoing costs - we can't get funding for a JIRA server let alone JRebel. Yes, the time it saves me would be worth more than $1.50 per work-day, but that's often not how managers look at it. Nope, legacy code base. FORTRAN. My usual trick is to drink a couple big glasses of water right before you you to sleep. You'll be ready to hop out of bed and empty your bladder bright and early. My understanding is that particular trick dates back to the Native Americans at a minimum. He's absolutely right, and people don't understand the level of "skilled work" that will be replaced by computers. I write clinical decision support tools, and I interview users (doctors). Nowdays, doctors really just want algorithms to follow. They want to know what the fastest/cheapest way to diagnose problems is. Frankly, they aren't particularly GOOD at diagnosing problems outside of these kinds of algorithms - for example, a likely cause of many Morgellons' disease cases is actually tropical rat mite (see Nick Mann http://www.telegraph.co.uk/health/8626767/Morgellons-Disease... ). Doctors tend to diagnose delusional parasitosis just because it doesn't fit the algorithms. If doctors are just going to follow a basic set of diagnostic procedures, we can easily automate that using the data that are put into modern electronic health record (EHR) systems. We have your vitals, we know the tests that have been done and the outcomes, and so on. As one (very blunt) doctor expressed to me, doctors just want to follow the diagnosis algorithm, he paid $100k to be a data entry technician, and I think that was pretty much on the money. That's not the only time I've heard that, either. If doctors are going to be replaced, there's not much that CAN'T. It's just a question of designing a program/robot for the particular task, which is becoming increasingly cheap. Do I think that 100% of Morgellons' sufferers have a medically explainable cause? Nope, there's hypochondriacs everywhere. Do I think that doctors are way too eager to dismiss diagnoses that don't fit their criteria? Yup. I have a sister who has an absolutely zebra diagnosis (astroblastoma tumor, I write Clinical Decision Support tools for a living, for a high-level nonprofit. Our content providers suck ASS. Do I worry that I might be contributing to inappropriate diagnoses/non-diagnoses? Yes, it's a thing I bear in mind every day, every meeting, and I have gone to bat to improve. No - as stated, I have jumped to "there are many cases that aren't covered by generic diagnostic algorithms", and the doctors I'm interviewing who are espousing "I want to be a data entry technician" type philosophies. Independent of the examples, that's a worrying philosophy. I write the tools for this - in theory, I assume the liability when Shit Doesn't Work - not that we don't do our best to push this off to Other Organizations With Medical Expertise. I don't know if it's quite a "flag day", but Microsoft is definitely going to make some breaking changes soon in .Net 5.0. The particular one I'm watching for is lambda closures. Currently it's close-on-reference rather than close-on-value, even on value-type objects . This leads to some really counterintuitive behavior in certain situations. Breaking changes are perfectly fine as long as you keep supporting legacy runtimes. That's why we have major framework versions (eg Java 7/8, .Net 4.5/5.0, etc). Very cool - I've been waiting for someone to figure out GPU computing on the Rpi for a while now. This is potentially a very substantial increase in available processing power. I don't see performance numbers there - could someone with a Pi please run the FFT and compare against a CPU implementation? I wonder how similar the Mali design would be. Obviously the technical details will be different, but would it be similar in broad strokes? Most Rpi-alikes have Mali 400s or 450s. This post seems to imply that there is a single "market salary" for programmers. That's not really the case anywhere - a green intern doing web programming is never going to have an equal salary to a greybeard doing consulting in esoteric niche areas (eg COBOL in banking systems). There's always diminishing returns for superstar talent in any field - a Fortune 25 CEO gets paid how much more than a manager at Wendy's? The collusion between the big tech companies to drive down salaries for top personnel strongly suggests that the market salary for these people is actually higher than what they're currently paid. They're grade-A talent in a hot field, the fact that their salaries are high doesn't mean they're above-market. Actually it's not - the FCC definition is extremely broad, it simply states: "No person shall willfully or maliciously interfere with or cause interference to any radio communications of any station licensed or authorized by or under this Act[.]" [1] And in fact their explanation specifically states that jammers "prevent targeted devices from establishing or maintaining a connection". [2] To put the same actions in a different context - if two radio amateurs are trying to communicate over a digital mode and I broadcast "disconnect" packets to shut them down, I am clearly jamming their communications. The fact that this jamming occurs on the 2.4GHz band instead of the 20-meter band is irrelevant. What it comes down to - your laptop wifi is a device licensed by the FCC for radio operation, two parties (you and the router) are communicating, and a smart jammer interferes with these communications. As for your DDOS example - jamming is usually used in the context of the low-level layers of the OSI model, not the application layer. However, there are analogous actions that would be actionable in amateur radio. If you get a dozen of your buddies to deliberately pile-up on someone's CQ/QRZ without actually trying to communicate, you can bet the FCC's gonna look at that as de facto jamming too. You can get away with a lot as long as you do it on private wires - but when you get public airwaves involved then an additional set of much stricter rules apply. [1] http://www.fcc.gov/document/fcc-proposes-29k-fine-employer-j... [2] http://www.fcc.gov/document/consumer-alert-using-or-importin... Sure. K1MAN made communications that would probably have been legal if they didn't cause willful interference: In support of its motion for summary judgment on the monetary forfeiture, the Government presented FCC transcripts of recordings made on November 27, 2004, December 8, 2004, and March 31, 2005 that it alleges show K1MAN beginning to transmit on top of existing communications by other users. [...] The Government also provided the declarations of several FCC personnel who monitored and observed interference between K1MAN and other amateur operators. [...] [1] Chief US District Judge John A. Woodcock Jr, in writing for the Court, agreed with the FCC on the first two counts -- willful or repeated failure to respond to FCC requests for information, and willful or malicious interference -- and granted summary judgments to the FCC in the amount of $3000 and $7000, respectively. [2] As for more targeted attacks, see the Notices of Apparently Liability for KZ8O [3] and K3VR [4]. Once public airwaves are involved (as opposed to wires) you're on the FCC's turf, and the FCC takes radio communications VERY seriously. [1] http://www.arrl.org/files/media/News/Baxter_Summary_Judgment... [2] http://www.arrl.org/news/us-district-court-for-maine-issues-... [3] http://transition.fcc.gov/Daily_Releases/Daily_Business/2014... [4] http://transition.fcc.gov/Daily_Releases/Daily_Business/2014... Dell P2210 emits a tone. Motorola Moto G phone does not. There's a working theory in the Github explanation. White and black pixels take different amounts of power to draw. As the screen scans up and down to draw the various rows, it thus has to rapidly charge and discharge the capacitors. The capacitors are expanding and contracting a bit as they do so, which vibrates the air and makes a tone. Frankly this sounds like an awesome way to blow up those capacitors. Supermassive black-hole binary? Sounds like some projects I've coded on... /rimshot Yup - "STEM jobs pay well" is just wrong at this point. Neither Science nor Mathematics pays worth a damn, what people actually mean when they say this is "go work in technology or engineering". Nope. A SHA-256 cryptographic hash isn't a "version" of a file in any sense of the word. You couldn't (for example) run a binary hash of an executable, nor can you convert it into an executable file by compiling it or reversing the hash algorithm. Perceptual hashes work the same way. Not just the memory bandwidth - the 970 has been revealed to have fewer ROPs and less cache than advertised. When you sell a Haswell as having 4 cores and 8MB of cache, and when you purchase it you notice that it only has 3 cores and 6MB of cache, damn straight a refund is in order. It's somewhat misleading to look at an arithmetic average of the bandwidth of the fast/slow segments. Due to the way they architectured it, you cannot access both the fast segment and the slow segment during the same memory-fetch cycle, it's either/or. If control flow depends on data that's stuck in the slow segment, performance could be significantly degraded. Now - blah blah prediction, blah blah heuristics, yadda yadda. If you don't use the memory fully (compute, 4K, etc) there's no problem, and even then you can optimize the problem away somewhat. This will work pretty well for AAA-grade game engines that get special attention - Unreal, CryEngine, Unity. But for memory-bound (especially latency-sensitive) compute applications, what you have here is a 3.5GB card, not a 4GB card. Having a card show up with 1/8th of its specced memory units turned off is not acceptable, regardless. Yup - the documents they sent out to reviewers stated that the 970s had 64 ROPs [1]. This was also further pushed down the line to the OEMs building the cards, who used it in their own advertising (see the chart from ASUS in [2]). NVIDIA advertised the cards as having 64 ROPs - the fact that the first bunch of dupes parroted it to a wider audience is irrelevant. [1] http://www.techpowerup.com/209339/gtx-970-memory-drama-plot-... [2] http://www.hardwarecanucks.com/forum/hardware-canucks-review... The issue isn't the quantity of memory - there is physically 4GB of GDDR5 memory soldered to the board, yes. The issue is the number of ROPs. If the board had 64 ROPs - as advertised - then there wouldn't be a fast segment and a slow segment of memory. All 4GB would perform equally, there wouldn't be access contention between the fast segment and slow segment, etc. There's no cute marketing spin you can put on the board being advertised one way and quietly showing up with 1/8th of its memory subsystem disabled. NVIDIA isn't some fly-by-night hardware company like Butterfly Labs or something. Actually I should correct this - if you access the slow segment at all performance will be degraded, since you cannot also access the fast memory during the same cycle. Looking at it on a 2-cycle basis, since performance is 7x as high you can either access (7+7) or (7+1) chunks of memory. That's a 43% performance drop if even 1 of the 32 threads in a warp consistently needs to touch the slow segment. That data being used for control flow will amplify the problem, of course, since latency will double. My employer wouldn't go for it, so I sprung for a mechanical keyboard out of pocket. I got an IBM M12, which is a variant of the Model M clicky keyboard with a Trackpoint built in. It looks and works like it's brand new. Not thrilled with the trackpoint, the sensitivity is too low for a modern hi-res display. If I turn the OS-level mouse speed way up, the trackpoint works OK but the other mouse moves way too fast. I'd love one of the modern-built clicky keyboards with the built-in trackpoint, but I can't find them. Thinking about getting a gaming mouse that can have its DPI turned way down. Or I could learn vim or emacs and forget about the mouse entirely... Of course not, but with at-will employment you can be fired for any reason or no reason at all [1]. Including, yes, the way you talk. [1] Except for a small list of specific protected reasons, of course, but good luck proving you actually were fired for one of those reasons. If the boss has an ounce of sense then they won't give a reason at all, which is 100% legal. Yeah, number of eyeballs helps but it's not a catch-all. In some ways it could actually be a hindrance, since less-experienced eyeballs may not be able to mind all the necessary details, or may introduce further bugs/vulnerabilities. For our purposes, these are "bad programmers", whether or not they're good programmers on other stuff. A simple model for code quality is something like Q =(good programmers) / (good + bad programmers). I would actually argue that it's not even related to the average, and that bad programmers can degrade quality disproportionately to their actual number. I think it might be something closer to Q = (good programmers)^2 / (good + bad programmers)^2. This is what it seems like people are getting at with the whole "negative productivity" in the good/bad/10x programmer framework. Openness/closeness of the source code isn't the whole picture but the open-source model can more easily run into the too-many-cooks problem if the source is not properly gate-kept and reviewed in the aggregate. Thus I don't think it's entirely orthogonal. Of course closed-source software is typically commercial, which runs into its own set of pressures that degrade code quality. I think much more sophisticated testing systems are what will really boost code quality. More advanced detection suites that throw more warnings, mandated full unit test coverage, plus CI frameworks that make sure that your code isn't merged if it doesn't clear the warnings and pass the full-coverage unit test. Randomized address systems and mandated array-bounds checking that catch undefined behavior and off-by-one errors. Basically, making things fail noisily instead of silently and forcing contributors to pay attention. The C compiler in particular is really bad on the "throwing warnings" thing, even before you get yourself into other kinds of trouble. As in, according to the C standard, "rm -rf /" (or literally any other behavior the compiler wants) is a valid output behavior if you miss a closing quote([1]), rather than a compile-time error. That's an absurd definition in a security-minded world, and that's just the most egregious example of undefined behavior allowed by the C standard. JVM-style managed code and declared exceptions are annoying but do seem to be a step in the right direction from a security perspective. [1] http://blog.regehr.org/archives/213 I work with an electronic health records system that is coded in ActiveX applets and boy howdy is it bad. Nowadays there is no legitimate reason to use ActiveX. Ever. Static web pages should be coded in RoR/Java/ASP.net, dynamic-type pages should integrate jQuery/AJAX/JSON, really dynamic pages and games go into something like NaCl or (ugh) Flash. You shouldn't be touching Windows APIs from a browser applet, ever. Period. Whatever system does that should be rebuilt posthaste. With credit to @api - something like that is like driving drunk, an accident is inevitable. Microsoft makes a C# library that handles MS Office API interop. If that were the task I'd look at a .Net desktop application - or an applet-type arrangement of some kind. Dropper page + .Net application? Dropper page + Applet page that communicates to a .Net wrapper layer? Silverlight maybe? Something like that. I get my domains through DreamHost. Their "unlimited" hosting is not, and it's spotty, but if you register domains through them they give free domain-registry privacy proxying. I have bit of a hangup about my personal info being freely available through lookup. I'm up for re-evaluating my hosting soon, but right now I'm through Lithium Hosting. Haven't done much app-related stuff, but they've been fine for regular low-volume hosting stuff, and I pay $10/month (legacy plan). Web-faction sounds nice. I think you're mixing up a couple ideas here. It sounds like you're thinking of Pugachev's Cobra, which is a maneuver that can be performed by supermanouverable aircraft. In terms of maneuvers that could be performed in a WWI aircraft, I suspect it's either a hammerhead turn or a flat spin. In a hammerhead turn you climb vertically until the aircraft stalls, then use the rudder to yaw the aircraft to a vertical dive. Like an upside down u-shape. In a flat spin you do a power-on stall and yaw the aircraft in the same direction that your prop is torquing you. Either of those maneuvers would be pretty risky - while you're stalled out you'd be a sitting duck. That's not contradictory at all. Plenty of system administration tasks fall into the category of "easy to perform but not self-evident to someone with no experience". Microsoft doesn't get a cut of Jetbrains' IDE "mod" revenue, though, despite the fact that Reshaper and similar products "piggyback" (what a loaded term) onto Visual Studio and other Microsoft products. Microsoft already got their cut up front. Same thing for Bethesda - it's not their value-add and they don't have a moral right to take a cut. On the other hand Steam is providing a value-add here - a market and financial transaction services. Also, I wasn't aware that Bethesda had released their game engine for free. Care to give a link as to where they've done so? As far as I'm aware you still need to pay for a copy of it. My understanding is that that's how software distribution used to work back in the mainframe days - you'd get the source to build in your specific environment, and you could modify it to add whatever functionality you needed. Then binary distribution took over as platforms became more intercompatible. Generate and install your own CA root certificate. Boom, free. I kinda suspect he might be measuring the time it takes to launch a kernel rather than the time it takes the kernel to complete. Thrust device calls, like those of the underlying CUDA library, are asynchronous by default. The only exception is calls that result in a memcpy, which are synchronous. To wait until an async call is completed you need to call one of the synchronize commands, like cudaDeviceSynchronize. Looking through his test.cu file, he snaps a timestamp using std::clock right after doing the kernel launch with for_each. Ignoring the fact that this is not an accurate way to benchmark a GPU (you need to use events to accurately benchmark the kernel) what you're capturing will just be the processor time it takes to make the async kernel launch. Std::clock measures CPU time, which is (rightly) close to 0 for a program that runs on the GPU. It's entirely possible that you're not even getting valid results out of the other end - note that you don't show output. I don't know if thrust's magic device memory access function triggers a synchronization or not. I kinda remember having to make an explicit call when I did a GPU simulation. I don't have access to a CUDA box at the moment, I'd have to add those cudaDeviceSynchronize calls after the for_each invocations to be sure. There's also just the sheer bandwidth factor. A GTX Titan has 288 GB/s of BW, a Haswell with DDR3 puts out about 35 GB/s. That's a factor of 8.22x more bandwidth, so there's your 8x speedup. It's a highly memory-limited task so I suspect that's where any speedup would come from. You can compile Thrust using a device target of OpenMP, so no need to rewrite it in OpenCL. Sounds nice on paper, but do you think a meaningful punishment would get past the police union? I'm not a cop but my impression is very much "no". What about checking the history file into its own rep? Clone it as part of the build-environment setup, and commit/push after validation. You can even use this across a group of people and share each other's mutations. Or even simpler, why not have build actions copy it to/from a specific location outside the build target dir? You could even make it a shared network drive, if you didn't care about the possibility of losing someone's changes if two people run tests at the same time. Are surprisingly low for a well-engineered setup. You can run many pump jacks off a single-cylinder engine (a dozen or more in some arrangements). If you have two jacks that counterbalance each other, your only loss is friction. You can even run the engine on the natural gas that comes out too (which would normally just be flared off). If the resulting sites can't handle a traffic spike, it's not that great a tool, is it? No one wants a hammer that shatters if you swing it too hard... Being optimistic, it might just be a hosting problem.