ESR is wrong, Linus is right. The letter should be read in context, and it demonstrates the blunder of ESR. Here is Linus' letter on which ESR responded: http://lkml.indiana.edu/hypermail/linux/kernel/0008.2/0201.h... And here are Linus' points, in short: http://lkml.org/lkml/2000/8/22/12 It's not Apple who built on Unix first, it was Jobs, who was fired from Apple. Jobs' work with Next was big part of Apple's comeback. Other Jobs' new decisions provided the rest of success. also re "how well that worked out for Apple the first time" -- actually: Windows managed to imitate most of Mac UI only with Windows 95, some eleven years after first Mac. Before Windows 95, Windows was ugly. Also note that some court decisions in Microsoft's favor were needed in order to help Microsoft imitate Apple in 1995. Absolutely not true that there's no difference. The speed of your desktop comes from using POWER. Today's desktop CPUs alone pull up to 130 WATTS. My desktop CPU bought in 2000 used 30 W. Now even notebook CPUs use more when they're not idle! Now I can come to a lot of web pages where only Flash ads use 100% of a modern CPU! That translates in 60-70 Watts. Then compare all this with the goals for device which should work with battery for hours. > Surely the best argument against Job's position is the iPhone itself. The most important and dominant crossplatform framework in the world is HTML+JS and Apple actually wanted it to take the place of native frameworks. But we all know how that ended and now we have the App Store. And with this paragraph you exactly proved why Flash doesn't have sense on the iPhone. he practically stole the phone and then sold it. he didn't even try to leave it at the bar, to ask the day later the bar people if somebody asked for it (the guy who was missing it returned more times!) he didn't try to return it directly to Apple (And maybe receiving the current generation phone as the present) he obviously wanted to profit by selling it to somebody else, as he asked more media companies! correcting the lies of jessie warden: When I reach his page I see this which hides his text: "Notice JavaScript for Mobile Safari is currently turned off. Turn it on in Settings › Safari to view this website." And I'm surfing his site with Opera on PC. Would you believe somebody of his competence? OK now I know about: "git pull --rebase" If only somebody would explain what this really does! The man pages are not helpful! git-pull(1) Manual Page says: "--rebase: Instead of a merge, perform a rebase after fetching. If there is a remote ref for the upstream branch, and this branch was rebased since last fetched, the rebase uses that information to avoid rebasing non-local changes. To make this the default for branch , set configuration branch. .rebase to true." Oh how clear. So let's try git-rebase: "If is specified, git rebase will perform an automatic git checkout before doing anything else. Otherwise it remains on the current branch. All changes made by commits in the current branch but that are not in are saved to a temporary area. This is the same set of commits that would be shown by git log ..HEAD (or git log HEAD, if --root is specified). The current branch is reset to , or if the --onto option was supplied. This has the exact same effect as git reset --hard (or ). ORIG_HEAD is set to point at the tip of the branch before the reset. The commits that were previously saved into the temporary area are then reapplied to the current branch, one by one, in order. Note that any commits in HEAD which introduce the same textual changes as a commit in HEAD.. are omitted (i.e., a patch already accepted upstream with a different commit message or timestamp will be skipped)." I'm lost! Now can anybody explain so nice like Yehuda did about the workflow, what and why that git pull did "wrong", and what the hell is that that "--rebase" does "right." Especially as here and there "--rebase" is described as something that "doesn't keep history" and therefore "bad." Note that I put "bad" "wrong" and "right" in quotes. I know that's all relative, I just want to get some simple explanation what's going on without reading "recursion see recursion" man pages! Thanks in advance! Why isn't --rebase default? Can anybody explain what it actually does and why it's not default, man pages are not clear to me? Every thing is explained by referring to a bunch of other things and there's not a trace of a simple explanation. OK, but I believe remote repo is there only to be pushed to, so then is there any example of benefit of pull without --rebase if the pull is anyway only done locally? http://progit.org/book/ch3-6.html Says " If you rebase commits that have already been pushed publicly, and people may have based work on those commits, then you may be in for some frustrating trouble." but not how that can happen at all, provided you always "pull --rebase" and then "push", and if that can happen at all, then what to do. Thanks knowtheory, that's exactly what I wanted to read, that git pull --rebase is "take all the commit nodes from my local branch (remember them), and rewind the history back to the point where my repository was in synch with the remote repository. THEN update my repository with the remote changes, and try and apply all my local commits on top of my newly synched tree."" Now what's "git pull" explained in the same terms? Is it "produce errors as if remote were in sync with local even if it's obvious it isn't"? Who needs that? If it's not, then what is a proper description? And is there any scenario in which remote was changed, you want to push there your changes and you wouldn't want "git pull --rebase"? Thanks! Arrington is clearly wrong. It's clear that nobody told him to copy paste the whole content, or gave him the permission. He just trolls now for more hits. But he'd just lose if he'd come to court. "Merge, on the other hand, will attempt to create a merge commit. A merge commit is one that has two parents. In this case, the parents are the tip of the remote master and the tip of the local master." Now what I understand from that is that "merge" (that is pull without rebase) should not be worse in any way! In both scenarios git doesn't have less information to begin with, it doesn't start with any false assumption, it's just that without --rebase the resulting local repo is supposed to contain a bit more information. Then why in the world is "pull --rebase" again "easy" to make the result and why is plain "pull" something that's "hard" to do for a beginner? Now I think it must be some side effect of one or another that makes the whole story relevant? Those are good arguments why "pull --rebase" is not a default action, thank you. Now I don't understand why either "pull" or "pull --rebase" is supposed to have any different behaviour when somebody does it! As far as I undestand git has enough information not to complain more in one case and less in another, and as far as I understood, the main argument of the main article was that "--rebase" somehow "eases some pain"!? How come? Yes, it's obvious they simply saved all the unencrypted packets they were able to get. If your your e-mail server didn't have encrypted communication, they saved your mails and your passwords. And yes, anybody else could have done that with your unsecured WiFi packets. The difference here is the large scale of collection and the power of the collector. The chance for misuse would be mostly by having it in wrong hands, but there's already immense amount of data on Google that would be of the same nature. If you use them you better trust them. My much bigger worries are that people don't see problem in sites like Facebook asking the passwords of your e-mail accounts to "connect you with your friends." And people do this gladly! It's just not optimally written, the major question should be: Which application do you want to write that oh so really demands Flash and would give users better experience than going native? I don't believe such an application exists! No, he is right. If you don't want to make great apps, you are free not to make them, or to make that what you think would be great with Flash for another platforms (but note that evan Adobe can't make the demo which doesn't crash on these other platforms(!)). Exactly the selection of what makes his platform is what makes it unique and, to people who buy the product, better than other offerings. The article is not clear about the details. As far as I know options have a fixed expiration date. Shares don't. It's not clear when the options he exchanged for shares were supposed to expire and which was the market price at that moment. It seems that the author doesn't have the real idea what he actually wants to measure? He just throws some heaps of code and gives some numbers. I haven't seen that he even tried to specify what he wants to achieve. His posts just don't have sense. Something which is really useful is on: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/ For example: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u64q/compare.php?lang=go etc but it's wrong to believe BP estimates when comparing: "the amount of oil spilling into the Gulf of Mexico may be 20 times the size of BP's earlier claims of 5000 barrels per day (2.4 million gallons spilled as of May 24, 2010), according to an exclusive analysis conducted for NPR.[37]" http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=1268095... Gulf Spill May Far Exceed Official Estimates by Richard Harris If that is true the speed of leakage this time was immense compared to other events, so prompt action is justified. The bombastic claim "The large galaxy pictured here contains 8 times as many stars as our own Milky Way Galaxy. It is so large, it technically shouldn't exist" has a much saner description here: http://hubblesite.org/newscenter/archive/releases/2005/28/fu... It appears to be "too young" according to the expectations of those used to look at the "closer" things. So not that impressive, compared to what had to happen before: According to our current knowledge, the whole universe must have grown up 10 to 78 th power times in volume (!) in only 10 to -32 th of second (!), so I'm not that impressed that there existed some big galaxy somewhere the whole 800 million years after the inflationary period! Why not? > The inability to have access to apps that steve doesn't necessarily approve of? Can you imagine that have your own shop in which you want to sell a lot of toys to kids. Why should a local porn dealer have the right to sell the porn in your store? Jobs has the right to select what he wants to sell. You have the right to select where and what you buy. Whenever I hear such arguments they smell me to people who are actually porn dealers unsatisfied with their own shop who think they have the right to demand from a shiny shop over the street to sell their goods for them. Tthe parent article complains: "The Financial Times article states that: 'Windows is known for being more vulnerable to attacks by hackers and more susceptible to computer viruses than other operating systems.' The facts don’t support the assertion." Both parent article and parent post switch the topics: Though Microsoft did a lot of work to improve security, Windows as a platform (when you include anything installed on Windows like Adobe Flash and Reader) is certainly "more vulnerable to attacks by hackers and more susceptible to computer viruses." I don't think I have to provide examples, anybody is able to count. That's why I actually like that iPhone and iPad don't allow "anything goes" with the native apps. That's the biggest improvement in approach to the security in the last decades. Of course it doesn't fall. Try to count the number of IE toolbars for Windows, then try to count for Mac. Try to count the number of antivirus programs for Windows, then for Mac. Try to count how many shell extensions are installed with different programs. How many file handlers etc. On every Windows computer the attack surface is unbelievably bigger, unless you're very untypical user. But even more important reason for increased "Windows platform insecurity" is the economy -- evildoers can control much more computers (and make more money) if they invest the time to make Windows trojans. On the other side, I believe that if we just look at the Apple software for Mac delivered by default and the Microsoft software delivered with the OS, Apple is more vulnerable -- Microsoft really does much more security work on the core (in invested man hours per lines of code of the core) and delivers less functionality than Apple by default -- even a mail client is not an official part of Windows 7, that's good trick to have more secure default OS package. Still if you use Windows you're much more likely to fall victim, and it will remain so for a quite while. I'm very sure he has the code he haven't really made to properly scale with more cores or processors. The fact that he doesn't write much about the code in the article suggests me that he doesn't really know how to make scalable processing -- for anything nontrivial it's not easy at all, and I'd personally be able to make it more optimal in C than in Java, simply because there's more that I don't directly control in Java. see for example: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u64q/benchmark.php?test=al... the post is not linking to the real article of the guy, which is on http://www.jvuletich.org/Morphic3/Morphic3-201006.html but to fully unneeded and uninformative second-hand writing on squeak.org, and that's just wrong! Re: "embedded malware for Mac": let's count the number of malware waiting to trick you to come to your PC with Windows OS. Than do the same for Mac. For Windows it's certainly hundreds of thousands, if not millions, every kid writes them, there are even enough "no-need-to-know-programming" kits. From Macs the number is, I'm guessing now, tens at most? It does matter, an it matters a lot, what platform you use. I still claim he doesn't understand scalability for multi processor platforms. I don't claim he didn't made fast processing by writing his custom code, but he writes, his code is fastest on a single core, and as far as I see, he doesn't know why. So I conclude he knows to code but only non-parallel. I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia. (Woody Allen) I agree with you. The truth is, there's simply not enough bandwidth, especially not to stimulate "unlimited" data use and motivating people to become "data hogs." And it's not easy at all to increase the resources. There are real physical and technical limitations for providing more bandwidth which are hard to overcome in many areas. The unlimited data plan was designed for much less devices in the wild. You're wrong. I've actually had to maintain the big C++ projects. That have Zillion of classes, fully different, but each one has more Read(), Write() functions. Some are virtual, some are not. Some have two parameters, some have three, some four. And they even do fully different stuff! Which Read() will be called depends on anything and everything. I claim you just can't figure out what some piece of code does in any other way than by actually single-stepping through the debug build. Any time the debug build pieces of code don't reflect the source, you're fully lost. Note that Linus usage scenario is "read the chunk of code outside of the whole source base" and you argumenting "if I use some hypotetical very clever tool the tool would maybe able to show me what some line in the chunk of code actually does." I've actually made some "very clever tools" since some twenty years ago. And I wouldn't want to have to use them on the really big projects. The article is really poorly written. The specific example is very specific, the claims that "nobody else gets it" are in fact unsubstantiated. All the effects he mentions are very known among right professionals. And the title text is not about "relative latency" you mention but about the cost of paging, once something gets paged out. Even then there was no such thing in peer reviewed works: http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2005/01/the-gl... Somebody should measure fannkuchredux in Opera and compare that with C implementation speed. For some scenarios Opera's Javascript JIT already achieves speeds close to C. Anti-AGW is absolutely anti-science and that can be proved by their target group. Their base target is people who don't know enough, a few more educated people but on margins and finally the people with direct interest in keeping the consumption as is. They don't "point to red flags" in a sensible way, they make immense noise targeted to the ignorant masses, and it works -- in keeping the world not changing. Which can't end good, no matter what people who want to close their eyes hope. Am I the only one who doesn't like the "funny sounding" titles and subtitles in technical writing? I know it got fashionable decades ago in computer magazines but it's really annoying, at least for me, in any text that is not a really short article, since the titles in longer texts should be used for a reference and not "to make the popular article appear less boring." How do you use fork? "Oh, just look under the title "I'm mentally prepared! Give me The Button!"" --- what the heck!? I don't think so. That was the first mainstream channel which provided convenient links to news in English even from other countries. I don't agree that "it's fairly easy to make important speed gains when starting from such a lowly position" has any relevance: In my micro-tests Opera's JS can run the same numeric loop (producing the same result!) almost 200 TIMES faster than Python, and for example, faster than the C code compiled by gcc 3. Opera manages to achieve that from plain JS code, and up to then only ActiveScript and Microsoft's JScript were able to match, but they both needed explicit typing for the same results. So it doesn't matter where they started, now they really achieve impressive results. It's true, though, that Google's move resulted in everybody else having to do that too. Microsoft tried to avoid, as they knew that Google benefits more from really fast JS, but the pressure continued... Absolutely! Damn language innovators who think that solving module linkage is "not sexy" but modifying syntax to be unprocessable by people and machines is. Google Go is fast because it stole ideas from Wirth and followers (Turbo Pascal, Modula) who actually took the care to provide sane module linkage for decades. The proper path to the evolution of C was to keep includes and classic linking but to allow "module linking" too. All that was being done for decades, only not in C and C++. Exactly, with the BASIC in my Spectrum (1984) I was able to draw over the whole screen in full resolution (at that time even the very "bitmapped" screens were novelty, other computers had special regime for drawings and another for letters -- Mac, who broke that, came only in 1984, PC users stopped using text modes only with Windows, which got popular only around 1990) -- one single statement to draw the line, one single statement to draw the circle... to put that in the loop you needed only two lines more, or you could even write it in the same line. And no special editor needed, you just type, press Enter, and the result appeared immediately. And no icons, no toolbars, title bars... Command, result. Or a few lines of program, result. Try now to draw something. Try to produce the sounds of notes with it. It was simple, now it's not, that's why it's not THAT. It's sad that it's so hard these days to do some basic stuff, like only a few typed words to draw something etc. Today even languages that should be simple aren't. Import libraries, reference modules, only to evaluate abs(-2)? Failure of modern language incarnations... I think you missed the point, it's issuing and enforcing the software patents that is bad for anybody but the biggest companies. In my opinion the main problem that EU regulations brought to Europe is exactly that it's now much easier for big companies to push through new laws which are good only for the mentioned big companies and which then get applied by all the members. And sorry, I falsely understood that you believed that the easer issuing of patents which is probably coming in EU is what's "better" in EU than in US. Now I've read more carefully -- I'm the one who overlook the "but" in your sentence. I live in Europe and the press is here full of such examples. Before, the corporations had to lobby the politicians of every state and some things would simply never get through as the attempts would induce reactions from opposition and the media attention. Now corporations simply lobby the bureaucratized "representatives" decisions of who are almost never covered by media -- cheaper, simpler, and almost always works. Try discovering how GM food got allowed in EU. What's ironic is that Windows 7 was designed to be more Mac like and less like Windows XP and now they want to claim advantage for Windows 7 as being "more like the computer you know to use." I have the book and was disappointed, my experience was "OK let's learn about X" I search to find mention in the book, and I get something like "mostly harmless." Or something with much less information than in the first few lines of the wikipedia article about X. I still don't know where's any good stuff in that book. Anybody cares to explain? It's simple if you think about it: the company has its own servers, and as far as I understand, what presented as a "plugin" is a browser extension. So yes, I'm very sure it's not something that runs only on your machine and only communicates with google. Call me paranoid, but I wouldn't give one more company the access to my e-mail. However it seems quite common today, that's what a lot of "social" sites prompt people and they gladly enter the login data. Wow that's interesting: I've found a paper from 1975 Lex − A Lexical Analyzer Generator http://staff.ustc.edu.cn/~shzhang/staff/lesk-lex.pdf and Google's Eric E Schmidt was only 20 at that time according to Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_E._Schmidt He got BSEE on Princeton in 1976. OK, both Bell Labs and Princeton are in New Jersey, but it's still quite impressive to be the developer of lex in Bell Labs as a 20-year old Princeton student. Of course even more impressive is being 129th richest person in the world in 2006. It's still bad, since it will lead to the effect "just write every class with auto." C++ combined memory allocation and the object destruction in one thing and now we have too many people that think those should be one primitive. They shouldn't. Once you recognize that you have to care about both separately, you start to recognize that even GC is an answer to the wrong question. For really "cool" programs (using the most of the resources etc) you simply have to manage memory yourself. Object should not manage their allocation, they should just "know" who's in charge for their allocation. Some Bloomberg guys recognized that and made some libraries for C++, ans some work was done to get something like that in C++ standard, but I don't know if the result is useful. I also don't know if such ideas would look nicer in D. Asus wanted. Some time ago Asus had preparations to introduce non-x86 (but ARM) based netbook. It would be cheap, use less power, you name it (iPad is also ARM based). But Microsoft and Intel twisted Asus' arm, and Asus even had to publicly apologize for mentioning "the product that is not going to be."