I'm curious: what kind of computational challenge are we talking about? Does image recognition take 1 second on a smartphone, or 2 hours on a supercomputer? The JVM is multi-language only because the languages were specifically designed and/or modified to run on it. I'm wondering: how does this compare speed-wise to other real-world JITs. For example, node.js (V8). Are there any tricks used in your VM which are not used by V8, and conversely? The best test of a language is to see if you can write the compiler itself in the language (step 1) and also if you can write the runtime system in that language (step 2). IMHO, both are required for a language to be considered a good "systems language", and a worthy competitor of e.g. C++. I know that the Rust compiler is written in Rust (step 1), but I'm not sure about the runtime. You say that the runtime is disappearing. But, if LLVM is being used, then since it provides the JIT, I'd say it is a really big part of the runtime, actually. But what does a CPU running an idle virtual machine do? If you want to take the statistical approach, then you could also say that there exists a nonzero probability that it is not the case :) I'd rather see an OS and package manager that has a "functional" design (as in functional programming language, functional data structures). This would allow conflicting packages to be installed next to eachother in different branches of a functional filesystem. Wouldn't it be cool if there were a library that could build relational APIs for any problem (including an optimizing SQL compiler)... The problem I have with this is representation. One's brain cells are a certain representation (in other words implementation). Would the same consciousness be present with another representation (e.g., computers on the internet)? How about if we chose a completely different (nonsensical) representation, for example, at time instance t0 the brain is represented by grains of sand, then at t1, the brain is represented by e.g. the trees in a forest, then at t2, etc. My point is that you could ascribe consciousness to just about anything. Also, if the representation of brain cells produces a consciousness, would the (dual) representation of "NO brain cells" also produce a consciousness, and would they thus both exist at the same time or would they collapse into one consciousness? I believe the problem is not that we can't define the "experience of existence", because this phenomenon could exist entirely independently of our physical (scientific) reality. The problem is that there is an interaction between the experience of "I am aware" and the physical reality, for otherwise, we would not be discussing this topic here! This seems interesting. But I find it a bit unsatisfying that it can only be used as a package manager then. How about using this functional machinery, e.g., for a general build system? A "functional make" so to speak. And I bet there are plenty of other use cases. Why do taxes always have to be so artificial? The reason to have income tax is to have people who can afford it contribute to society. I can see how that is a good thing. The reason to introduce an internet tax is what? To only have people who make enough money use the internet? What kind of nonsense is that? Please, let us agree that whenever a new tax is introduced, it is justified. And perhaps lawmakers should ask system/OS programmers for help, because they actually can come up with good and fair rules to make complex interacting systems work as they should. The short answer: if the probability of a collision is smaller than the probability of a meteor landing on your head, then you're fine. Well, it still doesn't make much sense to me. The article speaks of an allocation rate of 400 MB/sec. However, AFAIK, a memory allocator takes time proportional to the number of allocations, NOT the total amount of memory allocated. Or does the "B" stand for block, and not byte somehow? Confused. This is nice. But I'm wondering, why do garbage collectors always have to be written from scratch for each project? Why can't we just have a library that does garbage collection, and does it well? Of course, the library should take a couple of parameters (such as the primitives to use for memory barriers, multithreading parameters etc.) I know of the Boehm collector, but it is conservative, so not appropriate for many projects. Also, I'd expect to find garbage collection (or supporting constructs) in the C++ standard by now, actually. I'm curious: what exactly makes a photon lose its entanglement? Is it an interaction with an atom (electron or nucleus)? If so, how can entangled photons even propagate through matter (fiber glass or the atmosphere) without becoming de-tangled? Or is this a special kind of interaction? > Immutable always returns itself when a mutation results in an identical collection, allowing for using === equality to determine if something has changed. But any smart equality-testing function would already include this. Cool video. But I don't get it really :S I just skimmed through the documentation and it says: > In return for this effort, we get powerful debugging tools Is this the primary purpose of this tool? Or is it the undo feature? Yes, I agree that there should be cooperation between the library and the compiler. But that is also the case for RAII, for example, where the compiler provides the primitives (through language design, e.g., constructors, destructors, copy constructors, etc.) which allow it to work. I'm just wondering why no such thing exists for garbage collection (yes, I'm aware that the interface would be much more complicated). Just wondering, if acceleration == gravity (equivalence principle), how would this be visualized in this model? The problem I always run into with reactive programming is that of glitches, and stuff being recomputed more often than necessary. Glitches can appear when, for example, two inputs of a certain "functional box" change almost at the same time. When input 1 changes, the output changes, and then when input 2 changes, the output changes again, thus resulting in lots of superfluous computation in the chain that follows this output. The nice part about reactive programming is intended to be that stuff gets recomputed incrementally, but in practice this often does not happen! > There is nothing in reactive programming that implies being incremental Yes there is. Because if it's not incremental, then you could replace any "reactive" program by one which just recomputes its outputs every time something changes, from scratch. Reactive programming solves this by only recomputing parts which change. PS: Thanks for the link, I'll look into it! Related and also very interesting: [1] [1] Ulrich Drepper, What Every Programmer Should Know About Memory, http://www.cs.bgu.ac.il/~os142/wiki.files/drepper-2007.pdf Does not work on chromium/linux? I think I'm having the exact reverse problem. My focus at work is very good, but I feel anxiety levels going up during the day. Drinking coffee sends my anxiety through the roof. Also I'm often so concentrated on things happening inside my head, that I forget to pay attention to the outside world. This is especially problematic when talking to other people (that talk slowly), or in traffic. Probably these symptoms are not so bad when compared to ADHD, but at times I just wish there was a (preferably natural) medicine to deal with this. It's interesting that the distinction between functional languages and imperative languages is not at all clear in the graph. This could be caused by the fact that the visualization technique used is not capable of showing this, or that there are simply too many types of edges (or because each type of edge is getting the same "importance" in the graph drawing algorithm). FreeBSD has reached the legal drinking age! Cheers! I just hope that they don't change their license model into just "free as in beer" :) And I hope they one day implement all kernel functions that Linux supports, so that switching from Linux to FreeBSD becomes less painful. I'm interested in Rust also. But I'm wondering, does it have these features, and to what extent? * coroutines * pure functional programming (enforcing it in an isolated subset of the code) * laziness * (clean) meta-programming * introspection * garbage collection Especially for stream-based programming (essential for internet applications), you'd need something like coroutines, to keep things manageable. I'm wondering if there is example code for a well-performing Rust-based web-server out there already. Also, how does Rust compare to other modern languages, like Scala? They forgot to include two things: * Performance on the native architecture * Performance on other browsers (Chrome/IE in particular) I agree with these points. There is at least one major flaw, though: asm.js can probably never be made into a truly multithreading platform (without becoming a really ugly hack), where I can see that happen for NaCl. This is a pity, because multithreading is something you need for making responsive applications (GUI not hanging when a computation occurs in the background). Yes, there's webworkers, but I don't consider them a multithreading solution, because they don't allow a shared address space for inter-thread communication (only message-passing). This can be detrimental for performance, because the "structural sharing" paradigm becomes useless. I think that a base-language without support for garbage collection would be preferable. The main advantage is that multithreading is easier to implement. (Any language built on top of this language could implement its own garbage collection, in principle.) Perhaps we should fix democracy before we try to fix capitalism. Wouldn't that require the use of threads, and hence be very expensive? > and capitalism in particular are not a zero-sum game Look at it this way. Money causes corporations to become powerful entities (through propaganda, lobbying, internal R&D, etc.), and this reinforces the loop. There is a selective component, in that competition leads to corporate casualties. In other words, capitalism causes agglutination of money. Hence, capitalism leads to some people becoming rich, and most people becoming poor (because they are now out of business). The effect will be directly noticeable to people here on HN when Google invents strong AI, and puts every programmer in the nation out of business :) Interesting! Yes, that would help a lot, but I'm not sure how growing heaps will be modeled then (are they allocated block by block?) And how is a growing heap communicated in practice between threads? Is every read-operation to be guarded by a check if the corresponding block is available in the current thread? > Mozilla: The First Browser Dedicated to Developers Is Coming But we need markup and scripting languages dedicated to developers... Also, I hope it doesn't get triggered by the neighbor's loud tv set. Frankly, I'm not sure if I'd be prepared to receive and deal with false positives even once a month, let alone once a day. I guess the allocator would be able to manage blocks so you could view them as a single heap. At least, that's how I'd like to deal with memory as a "user". However, a "pointer" then has two parts: first, it should point to the block, and second it should have the index within that block. A stored pointer (a pointer stored within the heap) then would need 2 lookups for a dereference (first, determine the block-number, look up the block from a small array, and then lookup the index within that block). This sounds a little convoluted to me. Shouldn't there be a simpler and more efficient way to deal with growing memory? What I'm wondering is what a pointer-dereference would look like. Is every pointer dereference in asm.js implemented by TWO dereferences (one to find the heap, and then one to find the index within the heap)? And are there mutexes (or other synchronization directives) used per dereference in a typical implementation? I guess the focus of this book is on computing rather than on the underlying math (statistics). Is the math of this book still up to date? I.e., are these the methods that are still used in practice? Space-scrolling doesn't work anyway, because when you're about to hit the bottom of the document, you don't know where to continue reading. If space-scrolling were smooth, this problem probably didn't exist. But still, in its current state, I'm not using it. How about games, where, e.g., sound effects have a maximum acceptable delay w.r.t. the physics that generates them? Why would you use multiple datastores? Isn't it much more difficult to atomically store data this way? Assume a transaction succeeds in store 1, and fails in store 2, you'd need to roll back the transaction in store 1 after it has committed (!) I just hope they don't make this public by default. I once made a wish-list on amazon, and it turned out to be public without me knowing it :S One unaddressed problem with estimates is: if the developers finish before the project is due according to the estimate, there is no motivation to start doing new work. How to solve this? Makes you wonder why MS doesn't just release a protocol that all cloud service providers can hook into... Carry a beacon (or a bunch of them) with you into a shop and the store will recognize you the next time you enter. That's handy! It's like a cookie that you physically bring every time. ~ Or, in other words, no thanks. What comes to mind is a generic "upload profile photo" for websites, where the system can automatically crop your uploaded photo. Or even just to check that it is a "valid" photo. Not sure how the gender/age info would be useful. That's the best I can come up with. My brain actually works best in the opposite direction (problem->solution) :) Indeed. And I suspect that a change in culture (or at least perception) could possibly be the best way to give science a boost. Next challenge: a fully compliant C++11 compiler written in 4 functions (1) Then , I'd be impressed :) (1) At maximum 500 lines per function, where each line is at most 200 characters long.