Same experience with me. I have mostly only consulted with large companies. There are some companies that insist on solid code and design. There are others that just live from quarter to quarter and the whims of the CEO and just throw out whatever is done at the end of the quarter. Having a great lawyer team chomping at the bit for litigation helps their confidence in living from quarter to quarter. I have my fingers crossed for snap packages. I've only installed the spotify 'snap' and it works flawlessly. I haven't mucked about with any other packages yet I sort of agree. I wouldn't use linux except for programming tasks unless the major distros like fedora and ubuntu had everything that I needed for the most part. Most people can't compile code and go off and figure out library issues if the build goes belly up. I've used linux desktop for years and it has always been stabble for me I haven't tried apple. My desktop stays up for weeks. You are the real MVP. Carry on. Wait... everyone in America isn't a WASP from Iowa? Same. I couldn't handle all the blood and people dying left and right every day. It wasn't from your perspective, it was clearly the opinion of the author who never claimed it was universal. You get paid based on demand, not on artistic ability. You could be the best scientist in the world with 4 degrees and if there was demand for your degrees, you'd be no better off than the sculpture working out of his basement when he got home from his barista job. It's a numbers game. I choose bacon. If it was "increases your chance 4X" then they might have had me, but 0.18% over an already small chance.... meh. Very badly written article. Once excerpt "The WHO advised that consuming 50g of processed meat a day – equivalent to just a couple of rashers of bacon or one hotdog – would raise the risk of getting bowel cancer by 18% over a lifetime. (Eating larger amounts raises your risk more.) Learning that your own risk of cancer has increased from something like 5% to something like 6% may not be frightening enough to put you off bacon sandwiches for ever." That math is terrible. It's 5% for cancer, not bowel cancer. The author has an extremely poor grasp on numbers, and is clearly trying to elevate the scare factor. It's probably more dangerous to drive to work for an extra couple of months of your life than it is to eat bacon. I just hope we can even find a xeno microbe to put another nail in the coffin of organized religion. Fun maybe, but it's not really practical. I don't know why people don't use signal more. It's a much better thought out tool. Eh they should have stayed private. Private companies have more control over their future. Public companies move to a quarter by quarter cycle and innovation goes at a snail's pace as marketing and bean counters take over. Unfortunately courts don't pay attention to your opinion. They only pay attention to grumpy old codgers who don't really understand technology or innovation. They only understand precendents or long ago useless decisions of previous courts and the pragmatism of someone raised on thoughts on computers and ideas of fairness from the 1950s. I bet if one looks hard enough he would find links between these judges and moneyed interests tracing back to Oracle. Good luck with those ping times if you're a gamer. We don't care. Have a good life. Bureaucracy is often the result of hysteria. The USA is hysterical over terrorism when it should be hysterical over cancer, college cost increases, and health care. It's all a product of the government realizing that it's easy to fool the bleating masses with terrorist straw men. Cronometer and Carb manager are better Lots of people I know in Kentucky eat them as well. It seems that if you can just blacklist coins, and since eventually bitcoin will be all mined out (for all practical purposes) that eventually all bitcoins would become tainted since humanity will always have crime and money laundering. Am I missing something here? I'm sure gold was used for all sorts of nefarious uses but nothing stops that "bad gold" from going back into the gold monetary system. This just seems like a bad idea all the way around. This is why for those 'special' videos one should always just use a handheld camera and not their cell phone. But the public will never learn. It is best to never have any Chinese company store your data. They are by law (and under severe penalties) required to make all data in their possession available to government officials at any time that it is requested. Dictatorships are like that. Facebook is burning. Lol. They suffer a minor setback and they're "burning". Right now there is not much of alternative to facebook, it will be just fine. Yet another reason not everything needs to be connected all the time. I don't need my fridge reminding me to get eggs or that the milk is out of date. Those things are readily apparent. Don't worry about it, some people want everything for free, if they want to cite you they should plan that the internet is temporary and there is no guarantee that content will be there in the next 15 minutes let alone a few years. Keep deleting your stuff and don't worry about the people who think you should do this or do that with the way you handle your internets. Everyone has had security problem since I started in the industry 25 years ago. -everybody- Exactly, you can be a programmer and be a capitalist too. May the best paradigm or hybrid of the various paradigms win. Meh, I've known cops retiring at 55 they are in better shape than your typical 55 year old programmer, same with other blue collar workers. They may not be able to run down a 25 year old perp but physically they are above average. This is why I treat IM at work the same as email. I show up as unavailable and check a few times a day. If someone really needs me instantly they can come to my cube. They also have to pay back the people they snookered all their money plus interest. That's been stated in the articles that I've ready about the matter. You're wrong, in addition to the fine paid to the Feds, they also have to pay back the people they lied to along with interest. It's like putting a cover on a book that is related to the matter in the book, to keep you reading because you may start getting bored, so they pull out a sound byte. Pretty obvious. lol I read that as "AVI support" and thought you were being sarcastic :) If that is true what happens when all the bitcoins are basically mined out? That doesn't seem to jive. Use waze, it works better anyway and basically uses the same info backend as google maps I wouldn't mind them using aggregate anonymous information, but they don't need to know my every move, so I turn off google everything and use alternatives. use startpage.com google search without the tracking checkout startpage and searx as well. better results than DDG can i just use "me@gmail.com" rather than some company name? I'd really just be paying for the knowledge that google isn't plowing through my data and sending it to 3rd parties. My company name is already associated with another host provider. try 1 cent. Android does not leak like a sieve. All you have to do is not use Google services. There are plenty of others if you're willing to pay a little bit. Or pay for GSuite and they turn the tracking off. Nothing in this world is free except a mother's love. You have to at least give him credit, he didn't use a car metaphor. So what is your solution? Marxism? Communism? Anarchy? Honest questions why would you need a blockchain for this? I can understand for money transactions/contractual signing but for Facebook? Does anyone really care that there is a ledger for Facebook? I predict they want to ad advertising but won't break the encryption for snooping purposes. If they hook it to the FB account they can just use the ad preferences that their AI picks out from FB interactions. Even if not everyone has FB account, a majority probably do. I don't think it gets personalized unless you "login" to the your firefox account. But the beauty of mastodon is you can go find a conservative group to talk on if you don't like the one that banned you. Or even start your own. Definitely aliens, this is a cover up