if students could declare bankruptcy there would probably be no student loans. there are already very few private loans available to students without substantial credit history or a cosigner. how could the numbers possibly work out? to graduate in four years from a state university (paying in-state tuition) costs about $44k. a typical college freshman has close to zero assets and no credit. if they have any income, it's probably a part-time minimum wage job. assuming they don't qualify for any aid, these people need to borrow about $10k each year and likely won't pay any of it back until they get a degree. now let's pause for a moment. how many ways can you get an unsecured $10k loan with limited to no credit history? they basically don't exist. you would need to build credit for a long time before you got a limit anywhere near that on a credit card, and their whole business model revolves around loaning people more money than they should. now consider that in the US, about 40% of students fail to get their bachelors in 6 years. obviously these people will not be able to use the degree to obtain employment, and probably will not ever pay down the debt in full unless they enter a lucrative trade that didn't require the degree in the first place. if we assume that the students who graduate are able to repay the loan, they have to pay a significant amount of interest before the lender breaks even on the group of loans. and keep in mind that there's no guarantee that a student who graduates has acquired a degree that actually improves their earning potential. so tl;dr: it is really hard to offer a reasonable loan of that size to an 18yo with no skills/assets who stands a substantial chance of either not finishing or finishing with a valueless (to the market) degree. the last time you could discharge student loans in bankruptcy without satisfying special conditions was 1976 in the US. but that was a time where an undergrad degree was relatively cheap, and not many people took out loans in the first place. I don't disagree that something is seriously messed up in this country's higher education system, but the discharge exemption for student loans is probably one of the few things that keeps the system even slightly economic. like I said above, you cannot just lend huge chunks of money to kids without making any risk assessment and also allow them to default whenever. at least, you can't do this unless your intention is to lose money. if I had to have a guess, I would say that the main contributor to our outrageous education costs is the government making all these uneconomic loans in the first place. feature imo. it doesn't seem inherently wrong that the long term residents should have more say than people who may just be passing through. that said, the degree of difference could still be very inappropriate. I think we see surprisingly little of anything search related. In terms of full-scale solutions, there is basically just Elasticsearch and solr. When you look at lower level libraries available, there is very little outside the Lucene world. > the natural conclusion according to the article's tone and content would probably be some asinine assertion like China > USA, Americans/British/people from Western society are silly/irrational/incompetent, communism > democracy, etc. i agree that the article was underdeveloped, but im not sure your critique is entirely fair. the author did go on for a while about that girl, nian, and how inhospitable china was to someone very similar to him. he also hints at how warped the party's version of chinese history is. i think its far from clear that the author thinks china is superior to the west, or vice versa. > Another point worth considering is this: why do we charge anything for using the subway? It unfairly hurts low-income workers. i don't disagree with your larger point about the benefits of incentivising alternative forms of transportation, but im not sure i can agree that it is "unfair" to charge low income workers literally any amount of money to ride the subway. when you look at the operating expenses vs. fare revenue for the subway, its already subsidized by the city and state at something like 50%. the fact that you can ride on the subway for the current price already represents a substantial transfer from wealthier citizens who pay more taxes. i think there is certainly room for debate as to what exactly the price should be, and there may be other compelling reasons why it benefits everyone to make it free; i just find it absurd to argue that making such an expensive service anything other than free is unfair. i think it depends on what you mean by "meddle". you can find helicopter parents in all walks of life (although near the bottom end you may find that some parents simply dont have the time to be this overbearing), but there are good and bad ways to be involved. bad: johnny complains that he got a 'C' on his freshman writing seminar term paper, so you go to the professor to argue his case for him. johnny is stressed out because he is finding it hard to concentrate on school and find an apartment for next semester at the same time, so you take over the apartment hunt for him. good: johnny needs to find a job, so you capitalize on your extensive network of successful friends and colleagues to put him in contact with people who might give him an interview. once he gets the interview, it's on him to prove his worth. or, johnny just transferred to a new school and his transfer credits are not immediately accepted so he cant register for any useful classes that semester. the counseling people tell him it will take a few weeks to evaluate his transcript and registration will be closed by then, so he may as well give up and start planning for next semester. luckily you happen to know the dean, and the process is expedited so johnny can actually make some progress that semester. the key is to distinguish between important challenges that the kid can figure out themselves (with some work) and structural obstacles that are simply insurmountable without the application parent's resources/experience. helping excessively with the first will result in you raising a manchild. helping with the second can actually give your kid a time advantage over their peers that doesn't hamstring their development. what would it look like to solve the problem of "free speech"? im not asking you to give a full implementation, but i am genuinely curious what your vision for the internet would look like for a day to day user. > In general, progressively pricing services is a mistake. Instead, we should be progressively supplementing incomes (minimum income, negative income tax, commuter cards, etc.) until people can afford market-priced bills, goods, and fees. OP acknowledges this and proposes an (albeit vague) solution. perforce has such a janky ui though. whenever i try to do anything significant with my company's codebase, the whole application locks up for hours. i guess i need to learn how to use the cli. my theory is that one day soon china will crack down even more on bitcoin to combat tax evasion and clear the field for their own cryptocurrency. once it becomes a serious risk that major players could ban it outright, confidence might never recover. i would widen the scope a bit. pidgin is a good example of the modular, open source model that used to be somewhat common in consumer software. looking back, there certainly seems to be a correlation between the rise of Apple and the death of those kinds of programs. these days it seems like only products that target developers follow that model. personally though, i think it was the transition to mobile that really did it. almost overnight people's expectations for UI design got way higher, and most of them don't really care about modularity or open source. they just want something that mostly works and looks designed. aesthetic appeal has never the strong point of OSS. > The only purpose I can imagine is to foment social media outrage and drive clicks and advertisement impressions. economics drives everything. we need a different incentive structure for news, and the readers are probably the only ones that can effect change. the founder was basically saying that, if he somehow knew before the fact that you were good, he would hire you. he certainly would not just hire an arbitrary college dropout. it's essentially a vacuous conditional that sidesteps the fact that a college degree is widely considered a signifier of some minimal level of skill and will of course be one of the primary ways that applicants are evaluated, unless they somehow have substantial work experience at the age of 20. or just a faraday cage. although cars and computer systems are both examples of "technology", the way we appreciate them is very different. we consider computers mainly in quantitative terms: cpu speed, memory size and bandwidth, etc. if computer A compiles and runs my project just as fast as computer B, I don't really care what's "under the hood", or whether it was made by an artisan or in a factory. I don't care what it sounds like either, as long as it isn't loud enough to annoy me. while you can certainly compare the stats of different cars, the story on paper doesn't come close to describing what a driving enthusiast really cares about: the qualitative experience of driving the car. when selecting a car I don't just buy the best 0-60 time in my price range; rather, I seek to optimize some holistic measure of drive quality. to grossly generalize, I find that most tech people have a quantitative mindset. they feel most comfortable in decision spaces where things can be compared using objective metrics and an authoritative answer can be reached (at least theoretically). tech people spend a lot of time developing quantitative skills, so it is easy for them to get involved in these types of discussions. I think this explains the bulk of why tech people just aren't that interested in cars; they don't really know how to get involved in the conversation and they don't see why they should. I'm not trying to say it's black and white; enthusiasts certainly care about the design of a computer and stats for cars. however, I do feel that car enthusiasts have different priorities than computer geeks. I personally am way more interested in computers than cars, but I do feel that cars are more "emotional" possessions than computers. some laptops are ugly and made out of plastic, while others can be quite attractive, but my selection strategy is always to filter out the downright ugly machines and then compare the others component by component. my process for cars is pretty much the reverse; I want one that exceeds some bar for performance and then I will pick the one that feels best to drive around. my car is far from the fastest in its category or price segment, but imo it is definitely the most pleasant to drive. my desktop is a bunch of high end parts inside an ugly leet gamer case that I bought ten years ago. if you can't advocate for yourself or defend yourself, any freedom from fear or human dignity afforded to you is a happy accident. it may last for a while, but what will you do if things change? i concede that the sea may change for guns sometime in the next century; they can make things very chaotic as population density increases. still, i maintain that freedom of speech is a necessary, if not sufficient, condition for a stable and free society. I don't disagree that this type of advertising is unsavory, but I do think it is a bit simplistic to call people like the author victims of evil oppressive Instagram and call it a day. I notice that in today's society people make an awful lot of demands on the services and apps they use, while not directly paying for hardly any of what they consume. Facebook/Instagram definitely has a lot more power than any individual user, but it doesn't have more power than all of its users. If people were offended enough to actually walk away from the platform en masse, I bet we would see substantial reform pretty quickly. The "if you don't like it, leave" argument is cruel when applied to cities, countries, or essential services, but I think it is pretty fair when we are talking about totally superfluous apps that don't even cost anything. Maybe some people actually agree with the sentiment of the article but are disappointed that no one takes any real action. Almost everyone I know hates these kinds of ads and the way social media uses our information, but all they do to combat it is write blog posts and comments about how they wish it were different. I think its pretty clear at this point that nothing is going to change if all we do is talk. Facebook knows that a bunch of blog posts are really no threat to its bottom line. So I think its not unreasonable to ask why people are unwilling to boycott services that they criticize so harshly. > What do you find annoying in it specifically? not OP, but when people say rust is annoying they are almost always talking about the borrow checker. coming from c or c++, which allow you to play fast and loose with pointers and types, it can be frustrating to find out that a lot of stuff you would normally do in those languages is not permitted in safe rust code. the flip side is that, once you get the code to compile (in safe rust), you are guaranteed not to invoke undefined behavior. of course, you can just use unsafe blocks if you really need to play around with raw pointers a la C. my apologies if you already understand rust and my explanation was very obvious to you. i absolutely see it as a benefit too, but i admit it annoys me sometimes. i would love to get paid to work with rust. if all you care about are relatively simple queries in english, clucene or lucy could probably work for you. AFAIK, there is no native C/C++ library that comes anywhere near modern lucene. for me the killer feature is that you get analyzers for many different languages out of the box with current lucene/elasticsearch. the term "trickle down economics" is to the right as "political correctness" is to the left. both terms were created as strawmen to smear the other side's position. I assume it means accurate to the last digit of the representation, not the number being represented. obviously the latter would be absurd to suggest. I do share your appreciation for simple, static pages that get the job done, but the layout on this site is totally messed up for me, totally unaware of dpi I assume. > anti-ADHD awkward way to put it (although i dunno how else to describe them), but i think everyone knows the students you are talking about. these people are the reason why highschool math/science is hell, and you can't get away from them by taken honors or AP courses. I think, when you have the time, it is always worthwhile to dig into the nuance of a particular issue. whether you have time to dig deep into the intricacies of le sophisticated gentlesir's stunning new devil's advocate argument about racism is ultimately a personal decision. > at basically no point does he do anything really morally reprehensible not explicitly, no, but just consider the scale of the two death stars and how many people must have been on board at the time of their destruction. we can assume that it was military personnel only on the first one and therefore "fair game", but hundreds of thousands if not millions of people still died by Luke's hand. the second death star had not yet finished construction at the time of the battle, so there were almost certainly construction workers still on board, and many of them may have been civilians. this time it was not directly Luke that killed them, but he seems to support his friends wholeheartedly in their plan. I'm not trying to argue that the rebellion is actually the evil side here, but when you look past the surface it is hardly black and white. I spent much of my teenage years playing video games, building/overclocking computers, flashing roms on my phones, and devouring wikipedia. my parents were concerned that I was spending too much time online but I'm glad they didn't try to intervene. I was learning tons and by the time I got to college pretty much everything in the CS degree was trivially easy for me (except some of the formal math stuff). on the flip side, I am quite certain that most of my peers spent their hours primarily on youtube, facebook, and aim. they seemed to take pride in how little they understood the workings of their entertainment devices. today I hear a lot of parents talking about how they are putting off getting a family computer/tablet for as long as possible and how they intend to severely limit screen time once they finally get one. it makes me sad to think that these children will miss out on all the great learning experiences I had with my computers, but I'm not sure the parents are necessarily wrong, especially with the current buzz around social media and mental health. I feel like english does not provide us with effective words for discussing this topic. unless you live alone in a cave, what other people think of you is important. it is exceedingly difficult to succeed in the modern world without cooperation, and people will not help you out as much or at all if they don't like you. this means you really do need to care what others think. that said, it is common to conflate this sense of "caring" with the deep seated need for external validation that many humans have. most people enjoy being appreciated by their community, and this is fine, but I think it is very important not to be overly dependent on this. ideally, one's self worth would come primarily from within. > Isn’t the best choice for the privacy conscious to set up a VPN on a machine they themselves have physical control over? perhaps I am missing something, but it seems like having physical control over the machine breaks several important use cases for VPNs. if I understand correctly, the privacy that you get from a VPN comes from encrypting the traffic itself, hiding your actual IP, and mixing your traffic with other clients using the same exit point. although it is a matter of record that you are a subscriber, no intercepted traffic can actually be traced back to the IP you own (assuming your provider doesn't keep logs, of course). I don't really see how these qualities could be retained by operating your own VPN server. unless you are doing some black ops shit, your identity would have to be connected to the VPN server itself, so the fact that it masks your computers IP doesn't matter. plus you probably don't have many other people using your server, so you lose that plausible deniability. I would be quite glad to be corrected, as I certainly don't love trusting my provider when they say they don't keep logs. > Taxes on corporate profits are generally seen as reasonable in the abstract actually corporate taxes are a pretty controversial topic among economists. it's not considered to be a particularly efficient tax, and it is unclear who ultimately bears the burden of the tax. although the format is similar, reddit and HN are very different sites, and imo that's a good thing. when i visit HN, i expect the articles to be topical and for the discourse to be informative and interesting. somewhat amazingly, my expectations are usually met here, which makes the site quite a gem. at the same time, i don't always want that. sometimes i just want to see a true train wreck unfold in the comments. in a way i even appreciate the donald trump and hate subreddits. if there are ideologies spreading that can impact my life, i would prefer to go to the source and read their actual words than have the ny times regurgitate them to me. there are benefits to the hands-on moderation and the wild west styles. the only optimal solution is having a wide range of choices. there are still a lot of pain points if you have a 4K display. otherwise it's mostly fine. text size is easy enough to change; i do love how it renders on a 4K display though. im really talking about dpi scaling though. there are still a fair amount of apps I use frequently that don't do a good job. the recent qbittorrent update looks horrible for me. some electron apps have awkward proportions but are still usable. jail is pretty bad, but it's not infinitely bad. that is, there almost certainly exists a sum $X for which you would be willing to go to jail for Y duration of time. if you're struggling to stay afloat and have no credit/assets, a short time in jail is way worse than bankruptcy. on the other hand, if you've worked as a SWE for a few years, loosing all your money and having terrible credit for years is pretty awful. you're broke, so you can't buy anything outright, and your losses are compounded by the fact that you pay much more interest on things you buy on credit (if you can even get financing at all). it's not hard to see that this could be worse than a short time in jail. it all depends on the length of the sentence and your total losses from bankruptcy. > parents often live in communities that don't pay taxes that support public schools how? pretty sure in the US everyone pays property tax (directly or indirectly), some of which is used to fund the school system. you can't just opt out of paying into that system at all. which parts in particular are obsolete and terrible? yes but (at least in the US), your credit score affects stuff other than borrowing. often landlords will perform a credit check before approving your application; even employers will sometimes check an applicant's credit. also keep in mind we are talking bad credit and all your assets seized by creditors. i'm not saying a bad credit score is literal hell on earth, but if you have no money and no credit you are gonna have a really bad time for a while. i really doubt it. in a mining rig all power spent on components other than the GPU is essentially pure overhead that cuts into the thin margin of a consumer setup. you need several discrete GPUs before it starts to be worthwhile at all. i dunno if this continues today, but before digital became prevalent there was something of a holy war in the audiophile community between mono and stereo. i know a lot of people still prefer the mono mix of sgt pepper, but that might be because the stereo mix of that particular album is actually inferior. today practically all new systems marketed to audiophiles are stereo, but my guess is that most would consider faithful reproduction of the signal to be more important than the number of channels if they had to pick. qbittorrent is the best out there for windows imo. my only complaint is that it seems to have no dpi awareness whatsoever. I'm in my twenties now but I had a pretty similar experience as a teen. it wasn't until I was in college easily crushing my CS courses that my parents stopped criticizing the amount of time I spent on the computer. if they keep giving you shit, you could always try showing them entry level software engineer salaries on glassdoor. that actually looks fantastic. thanks for the recommendation! > Advertising is almost pure rent-seeking; it's a horribly inefficient solution for the actual utility component it provides society. disagree. as much as it pains me to admit it, I do actually think advertising benefits society. imo it's kind of like democracy in that it's the least shitty system we've devised so far. there's a lot about it that seems suboptimal, but what alternatives do we have? people can't be seriously expected to read third-party reviews for every single product they buy; it simply takes too much time. plus, depending on the product, there may not be any reputable reviewers, or the reviewers could be getting paid behind the scenes anyway. ultimately it's a lot better to walk into the store at least knowing what the different brands are supposed to mean. if I go to whole foods, I can be pretty confident that the food will be better than what I can get at walmart. if I want the cheapest food, I can expect to find it at walmart. when a choice between products is of low-moderate importance, advertising/branding saves us a lot of research. another thing worth noting is that many projects need to support multiple platforms, which means multiple different compilers. good luck getting a large project to build on clang or gcc and msvc without warnings. i've run into cases at work where it seems like i'm going to get a warning from at least one of the compilers no matter what i do (barring complicated #ifdef/#pragma salad). attempting to start a friendship (or more) with someone who is serving you is one of the more risky avenues. if you're both on the same page, it can be totally fine and work out. unfortunately, most of the time you are just another customer to them and you just put them in a situation where they have to figure out how to gracefully decline while still doing the deferential customer service dance. my guess is a fair amount of the upvotes were from men. deep down i think men do realize that we have gaps in our coping skills, but don't fully understand the cause. > The trouble begins when you realize you don't actually care about any of these things. yeah, this is me. how do you meet the people who just want to sit around, drink a few beers, chat a little, and maybe watch a movie?