If this is a BSA campaign, just looking at the youtube comments, it's kind of stupid, because people are supporting the guy as a result and speaking badly about BSA. I always dismount cheap power supplies, to see their quality for myself. I check for creepage, clearance distances, noise filtering circuits, transformer quality, grounding quality if appropriate, build quality, circuit sophistication, appropriate wire gauge, protection fuses, etc. Some of those I checked had none of the above. I enjoy understanding electronic circuits. But it is also important, I believe. Just reading the list of unsafe banned products from EU markets, a lot of the time it is these cheap power adapters. And I can absolutely understand why. This doesn't make any sense to me. If attacker can intercept connections I'd rather he get the hash than the plaintext password. At least then actual password is still not compromised, which is good, given how many people share passwords accross services. If he can tamper with connections, there's nothing that can be done anyway. It would be very nice if there was a feature in web browser that allowed user to opt in to something like this: When there's a password input on a website: 1] automatically take website's domain concatenate it to plaintext password 2] generate a secure hash from 1] 3] Derive some reasonably portable text password (20-30 characters) from 2] 4] Make it so that original web page never has access to user's plaintext password 5] Submit result of 3] Downsides: 1] Stupid websites enforcing password rules other than length (can be worked around mostly transparently). 2] Extra stupid websites limiting password length. (requires user interaction and configurable exceptions for such websites) 3] Can't login with browsers that don't implement this. This would be very nice for people who share passwords between services. Also would make web service data leaks less valuable to attackers. User would not depend on service password handling quality and/or operator's morality. I use different passwords for each and every service. But many people can't be bothered or don't get the risks of password sharing, so it would be at least some help to them. Very little, around 60kB free if writing programs in C language. Strncpy is not used correctly either. strncpy(ifr.ifr_name, dev, IFNAMSIZ); will not necessarily NULL terminate ifr.ifr_name for all values of dev variable. NULL terminated input is assumed later when ifr.ifr_name is used in strcpy. Yeah, I don't know either. I went as far as to write spkg (spkg.megous.com) in 2006, just to replace the funcionality of pkgtools bash scripts without adding new features. (imporving robustness and speed) I never got any response from the Slackware team. I guess they're just very very conservative. I loved my Slackware times for the learning experience. But it was hell of a lot of work to use it. Also, it can still catch bugs even in javascript. It's not related to C at all, as original article states. Equality operator is commutative (sans operand side effects). It's not a quirk. > The thing is, when you hoard wealth as numbers on a balance sheet rather than spending it, you are actually destroying that wealth. Money which is not in motion is not money. People who withold their stash of money from the market cause deflation, meaning they just increased the value of money in other people's pockets (what others can buy for the same amount of cash). So there's no loss for other people in the economy. The only loser is the company doing the witholding and its employees. Other people had already benefited from the iPhone they bought or whatever. Absolute amount of money in the economy doesn't matter much. Seems like nonsense witchhunt based on three numbers: "The estimated amount of money laundered globally in one year is 2 - 5% of global GDP[1]" "...government charges, Liberty Reserve processed 55 million separate financial transactions and laundered $6 billion in criminal proceeds. [2]" (I assume they just summed up total amount of transactions here, just because they can...) "Budovsky admitted in his plea agreement to laundering more than $250 million in criminal proceeds. [3]" So, $250 mil. is 4% of $6 bn. Which is within normal range of money laundering rates. He's getting it probably because he wasn't licensed and wasn't giving up data, or something like that. [1] https://www.unodc.org/unodc/en/money-laundering/globalizatio... [2] http://abcnews.go.com/US/black-market-bank-accused-launderin... [3] https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/founder-liberty-reserve-plead... I always wonder at lack of reciprocal thinking in these kinds of views. People don't mind buying cheap stuff from foreign countries but think there's something wrong or bad when the people that received their money use that money to buy something in their country. This is exactly part of the whole deal. It's inseparable. Why would they sell you something in the first place if they couldn't buy anything back? No. What it seems like is that they want more flexibility while developing GNOME (6 month cycle as it is now), and provide some stability for outside users of GTK+ too (2 year cycle). Beta releases are done within the regular 6 month cycle. Perhaps the authors of the toolkit are better positioned to judge what the release policy and development approach should be. They take long term stability requirement of outside parties into account with this new approach. I'm not sure why they couldn't use the benefit of being in control of the toolkit while developing GNOME, and write some adapter layer, like KDE. So if extradited he may be tried. Now has jury of your peers (fellow citizens) any meaning in case of trying a non-US citizen? Jurors must be US citizens, but they will not be his peers, really. Not much difference: {{ var | escape }} Nevertheless, I used DOM/libxml on the server side in PHP/C, since 10 years ago, and was happy about it. It avoids all the other the template issues (balancing open/close tags, etc.) very well. A few helper functions and you're good to go, with simplicity, flexibility and speed you will not get from any templating library in PHP. Though, some coding customers don't know what to make of it. Some people have trouble with not being able to see HTML in the code, because "where do I paste my Google Analytics code?". I wish for icon fonts to die. I don't mind website designers defining what fonts to use. That choice is almost always something I don't want, unless it's serif or sans-serif. I can override that choice with my own, which is better for me. Having the same font on every website increases readability and pleasure of using the web. Browsers allow for this in the user visible configuration, perhaps for this reason. Also, security. I don't trust random fonts from the internet, to not be malicious, so I disable them all. If I choose readability and security, use a normal browser feature to do this, by disabling website enforced font choice, the website should not break. Icon fonts are definitely a hack. There's no fallback to anything sensible when the font can't be used. It just breaks, and the website is unusable. At least use a title attribute, so that when hovering over some random character I can see what the supposed icon I never saw stands for. Especially when used for icon only navigational controls. And this is not even related to accessibility. Perhaps designers assume that they are in full control of their website appearance, and don't include into consideration user's choices, enabled by various browser options/configurations. Not that much bloated. And it can be quite readable if done well. You also don't need to learn peculiarities of for loops or macro language in a given templating system. The host language is it's own macro language with all the features you already know, and not limited to whatever template language authors decided to implement. Beginners also forget about balancing HTML tags, which is quite unpleasant experience when creating and changing more complicated templates with loops, conditions, etc. You can also do post-processing on the constructed DOM, even during construction. Bloated code only happens if the programmer fails to structure the code into nicely re-usable functions. Anyway, it seems to be quite popular right now with all the react hype - React.createElement is such a helper function to help construct DOM tree. It's pretty much the same concept on the server side. Except you don't need to care about DOM diffing, because server has no persistent DOM. el.email = document.createElement('input'); el.email.type = "email"; OTOH, governments sure love alcohol. Consumption and VAT tax adds to 50% on hard alcohol. There's a lot of profit to be made. Gov makes many times more than the actual producer. Denaturation is just a way of pleasing industrial users, while keeping the exorbiant profits from drinkers. If they could, they would tax the industrial users too. It's a blood money because of artificially increased incetives for unsafe production of alcohol. Which killed and blinded people in the past. Even those who thought were buying the "good" taxed alcohol because of supply chain contamination. Cynical view perhaps. Though when thinking about effective measures the government decision making is always contaminated by losing their precisous billions of $. (non-US) Income tax on companies. That's income that would possibly lead to capital creation/accumulation - and was redirected to other uses by the centralized decision making of the government. I think that counts as "means of production the state has forcefully taken in Sweden". Would be nice if affected end users actually complained to google when they randomly break a website, based on the network speed. Then the Chrome devs would perhaps think twice about breaking old APIs. You assume this technique is always bad. It is not. It is a simple way to load scripts from JS with browser forcing serialization of the script exectution. It should be developer's decision to choose whether he prefers speed or simplicity in a given context. How do you know? Doesn't make sense given the end of the interview, unless the recruiter was being completely disingenuous. The recruiter recomended the interviewee getting some education in the topics he asked about. Dumbing stuff down is not the same as giving the exact answer on some cheat sheet you've nerver seen. Available jobs increase with population. Additional people need more services, goods, etc. This leads to increased demand. In other words, more people are needed to produce stuff for more people. In Czech Republic, it's even more pronounced. The government accepted in total about 20 immigrants from Syria so far and if you read comments on the internet, or watch demonstrations, it's like the end of the world is coming. Also some of the fear might be quite shallow. There was a report of some old lady in the village that accepted some refugees. She was first afraid when asked about newcomers, stating fears that are commonly represented in the media. Then when she was told that they have children, and lack some stuff, she went there and donated some clothes. Hardliners that join fringe political parties are probably quite different. But also less open to reason. But I suspect that most people's fears can be quite easily ameliorated. So, why does this need to be so secret? Also, in what sense is it secret? Is there some punishment, the affected grandmother is facing for talking to the media about the case? Just try to eval a sample of ES6 syntax you use, and if it throws error, load ES5 code. You'd need to feature check all the features that you use, to cover the browser versions with incomplete ES6 support. Nice reference to Scott Fitzgerald. :) Orange Pi PC works perfectly well with mainstream kernel + a few patches. Ethernet, HDMI, frequency scaling. Audio is also in the works. So much negativity and misinformation here. Orange PI PC boards are well designed, with attention to things that many other board makers fail at, like heat spreading, space for heat sink (you don't really need one usually), quality DC connector, fine grained CPU voltage regulation, USB not being crippled by on-board hub, etc. Mainline support is also progressing well. With some patches you can get temperature regulation, HDMI support, audio support now on mainline kernel. Video decoding is also progressing as someone noted in other comments. SoC on Orange PI PC is also very nice for people who care about not having binary blobs running show on some hidden internal processor. There is additional OpenRISC CPU on the SoC, but it doesn't run by default on mainline kernel, and you can also program it yourself, without too much trouble. Armbian supports these boards quite well, including video decoding support. Allwinner is also not that bad at releasing code/datasheets. They release a lot of code. The issue is that it is designed for old kernels (3.4, 3.10) so it's not directly usable/easily portable to newer kernels. But still it is helpful and community is actively working on mainlining the support for various SoC parts. Orange PI PC (H3 soc) is quite usable as a desktop for web browsing and audio/video playback. I'm glad to see H5, because it looks like performance wise it will be still better and I'm also optimistic about the open source software support in the future. It certainly is a very motivating board to develop for at the current price/performance level. The only annoying thing I find is Mali GPU. Forbes looks like quote of the day website that's progressively enhanced to a online newspaper if you care about enabling JavaScript. Progressive enhancement was nice while it lasted. Slowdown will turn fairly quickly into a major speedup if you're trying to do operations on multiple files. systemd? News article: https://www.novinky.cz/internet-a-pc/421417-google-postihl-v... (Czech) Internet traffic dropped by half or more in many places. I would provide a link to graphs, but it might kill the already struggling website of the internet exchange organization. > This is not a move made by the Indian government to push surveillance or other nefarious purposes. So why do you need ID when changing the notes? It looks like move to approximately sum up who had how much money in cash. There's something wrong in making things go away by going away from the victims, when they possibly need help, without even stopping. Save the internet by dropping icon fonts altogether. You save a lot of bandwidth, and you stop breaking the web. It might have been different if America had not 110000 people to deal with, but 5000000. It might have found its own final solution for the Japanese. Nazis only got to the final solution quite a bit into the war. There were various plans over the previous years to move undesirable people elsewhere, like Madagascar, etc. This actually feels kind of good to me as someone who's trying to get his code into the kernel. Big guys are not getting any special treatment. It feels fair. I approach this differently. There are a few use cases I go to the web for. For each use case that is not a free browsing I create an electron app, that never executes any code from the web or uses any external style. It only uses XHR to fetch html pages/json data/other static stuff and then transforms that data and uses it in the custom UI designed for the use case. For example one use case is collection of news. My app looks almost like a typical RSS feed reader, except that article content is full and interactive. I can inline stupid image galleries that break article flow, I can convert custom video players into a simple tag, I can drop what I don't care for. I can switch between tor/non-tor mode in a secure way that doesn't leak anything and is probably more secure than torbrowser. I have direct access to any OS programs, so I can easily open m3u8 videos in mpv player on one click or using a keyboard shortcut, or I can download streaming videos locally and convert them to mp4 on the fly, save useful content of the pages to the database, including relevant images, etc. All JS code is controlled by me, web servers serve me only as data sources. What is key to make this fun and useful is structuring the app as a unified UI for multiple data sources and to be able to define data sources quickly. Fortunately ES6 generators can be used in a way that makes fetching and transforming data without the need for callbacks, or promises very easy and clear. Adding a new source is usually a matter of minutes. It is also nice that when improving the UI, I get a new feature for all the websites that I frequent at once. It allows me to consume content the way I want, without much exposure to tracking. All the website gets from me is an access_log entry, no cookies, nothing. I'd say I'm quite ahead of the "war" between users and advertising networks. It does a lot more replacements, depending on the architecture. Even a simple a/b or a%b will get replaced with function call on many archs. Obama is the worst president for whistleblowers and leakers in american history, by far, having prosecuted more of them for espionage than all presidents before him combined. So this would be quite a surprise. I like the fact that the site includes all killed people. With 20% civilian casualties rate, the recent announcement of 50000 killed people in Syria/Iraq means US may have directly killed 10000 civilians in just the last two years there. https://airwars.org/ reports a lower number though. But theirs is a very conservative estimate. I wonder when will this escalation stop. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/isis-500... You should read again. They might as well be more open about this on the actual page. Duktape website: "Embeddable, portable, compact: can run on platforms with 192kB flash and 64kB system RAM" https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/live/2017/jan/28/world-d... Here are some stories of what is this causing to people around the world, ATM. "Hamaseh Tayari, a UK resident who holds an Iranian passport, has been on holiday in Costa Rica with her boyfriend for the last week. She was due to fly back to Glasgow, where she works as a vet, this morning but was denied entry onto the flight because her flight went via New York and she would need a transit visa, which was revoked. Tayari and her boyfriend are trying to find an alternative route home. A flight to Madrid on the 30 January will cost them £2000 and they’ll still have to find a way from there to Glasgow. She says: “We had been saving for months for this holiday and it will cost me a month’s salary just to get home. "