HTTP 1.2 is an April fools joke . No, Telnet does not, in fact, intercept any character sequences unless when connecting to the telnet port (port 23). Right, the interactive escape character. That's easily fixed with "telnet -E". That is, echo -e "test\035help" | telnet -E www.google.com 80 will not give any help text output. (I was, in fact referring to telnet option negotiation which will not happen if not using the telnet port. Since the escape character for interactive use is so easily remedied, it did not occur to me to consider it a problem.) Personally, I prefer the Securing Debian Manual http://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/securing-debian-howto/ Nitpick; "shred" is a better alternative to "srm", since "shred" is always installed. This is a silly and possibly stupid idea, and calling it "Metric" does metricification a huge disservice by associating it with these kinds of foolish notions. > I came to say this. Ideally, my computer would do what I want and only what I want. This doesn't always work out, such as in the cases of multiple users or malware [...] Or Javascript. Or non-free software. Since FSF for years has had (and still have) lawyers advising them that this is indeed the case, what is your authority to claim otherwise? Or, in other words, citation needed. > [...] FSF is clearly the only group that believes this [...] So, it should be no trouble for you to provide a citation from an legal authority which states otherwise? Note: Sweden does not have total darkness for half of the year. Firstly, 85% of Sweden is below the arctic circle, and does get daylight every day. Secondly, the 15% that is above the arctic circle is the most remote and least populated part of Sweden. Thirdly, even above the arctic circle in wintertime, it seldom actually gets dark as you might imagine; the sun is just below the horizon much of the time, and you merely get a sort of twilight/early morning light. Meanwhile, in Europe, RIPE ran out of IPv4 a year ago[1], and people have been happily implementing IPv6 ever since. In Sweden, there is a government directive[2] that all state infrastructure should implement IPv6 and DNSSEC by this year (2013) at the latest. 1) https://www.ripe.net/internet-coordination/ipv4-exhaustion 2) http://www.regeringen.se/sb/d/15234/a/177127 It would also be completely useless, as implementing the reassignment would dwarf the cost of moving to IPv6. No, if everybody maxes out a 1 Gbps line, the ISPs will invest in faster networks. See, you'd like to think so. You'd like to think that there's an easy solution not involving you, because it would mean you don't have to do anything or learn anything new. However, as pointed out in many other comments in this thread, this (and many other knee-jerk reaction "solutions") won't actually work, or would be significantly more expensive than implementing IPv6. It's been on the horizon for nearly 20 years. It's coming soon now. The IPv4 end is nigh. Repent! No, such a thing does not exist. At least not automatically. There are stories[1] about large corporations getting complaints from end customers in Asia about not being reachable - and it turns out the customers only have IPv6. IPv4 FAIL. (Note: APNIC ran out of IPv4 addresses more than two years ago [2], and has had rapid internet expansion in the mean time. Asians are heavy IPv6 adopters.) Such a thing you imagine could conceivably be implemented, but it would be an extra thing for the IPv6-only ISPs to implement, and they do not have the incentive to do so. The current companies with servers do have an incentive to be reachable by IPv6-only customers, and are the only parties who can reasonably solve the situation, by implementing IPv6. 1) https://www.iis.se/blogg/ipv6-nar-sent-inforande-kostar-peng... (Swedish) 2) https://www.apnic.net/publications/news/2011/final-8 The entire internet infrastructure (backbone routers, etc.) is already using IPv6, so the cost of implementing IPv6 is, by now, entirely on the end-site side. You should also include a number of additional cost of reassignment, including growth of routing table size. I'm sorry to inform you that apparently your ISP, your workplace and your university are all either lazy, lying, or both. Implementing IPv6 takes, maybe, a few weeks if you have many servers and a large internal network. If all you have is a webserver which you want to be reachable by IPv6-only customers, an interim solution (tunnel) can be implemented in a few minutes. You might think such a scheme is "requisite", but the fact remains that there is insufficient incentive for the ISPs to do them, and they plainly don't do them, as my cited example shows. You can assign blame however you like, but it won't help your IPv6 customers/users to reach your servers. If you have experience with Asian ISPs, could you then maybe report on how common it is for them to have IPv6-only versus IPv6-plus-transition-mechanism? This data would be better than my anecdotal story about an unnamed company, so please provide any you have. Right, a Gmail address. Like he should write anything sensitive there. http://www.potaroo.net/ispcol/2013-08/when.html Currently the estimate indicates September 2014. > authors can't do anything substantial or meaningful without making it a job(and needing money to do it). Citation needed, please. If people switch from GCC to Clang/LLVM in enough numbers that Apple think they can get away with it, Apple will, in a heartbeat, close the development of Clang/LLVM and make all new versions proprietary. Not with a modern browser with SNI. This transmits the host name in the initial unencrypted portion of the SSL connection. @dorolow, your comment is dead because it used the auto-banned word "mast?rb?tion" (uncensored). FYI. More petty than pithy (or pity), I think. Found an english version of the directive (PDF): http://www.government.se/content/1/c6/18/19/14/70f489cb.pdf Page 40, Actions , first paragraph: “In addition, all authorities should make use of DNSSEC and be reachable with IPv6 by 2013.” Try it and see. I fail to see how what Snowden has done has promoted world peace. The Nobel Peace prize is not (recent awardees notwithstanding) a we-like-you prize. It's supposed to be about world peace , and I just don't see how Snowden has advanced that particular goal. Or am I just dense? I did say “recent awardees notwithstanding”. I'm sorry, I still don't see the link between "[curbing] government abuses" and "promoting peace". What is the link? Freedom, yes, but peace ? That's disgusting. I knew that. It's still disgusting. “Anything you do will be insignificant, but it is vitally important that you do it .” Someone could take apart such a switch once and verify that it works, and then tell everyone else who owns such a device. With software, this is very hard, and when software can be updated at any time it is impossible. The link shown in the screenshot is http://uj3wazyk5u4hnvtk.onion/ but I thought TPB's "TOR hidden service" link was http://jntlesnev5o7zysa.onion/ . I wonder what's going on. But that was my point; both sites look like TPB. Which is the real one and which is a potentially logging proxy? OK, none. But at least the real one has a proven history of not injecting malware. Or something, I don't know. Logging was just an example of what a malicious middleman might do. “Tell it to the jusdge.” Obvious cheap shot is obvious. I think the problem is the title - it sets up high expectations. When it turns out that an ordinary store-bought racing bike would have worked just as well, and the high speed is reached not by the bike being special, but by drafting behind a car, then the disappointment sets in. If the story had been "Guy builds racing bike from scratch, goes drafting with it just to see what it can do", then it would have been the cool inspiring story of the hacker spirit. But now it wasn't - it was framed. The Youtube video is only the first hour. The real video is two and a half hours. That would be a Lisp Machine or a Smalltalk environment. It's looking for prime numbers. If you do not know why you are doing it, then you will not do either. You mean, as long as they can't be updated period . The data is stored somewhere. It's stored in the cache memory of all the routers in between. Perhaps. But even if no-one would pay money for a direct software download/package, this does not preclude sponsorship of companies to free software projects they wish to be more developed. Indeed, there are many such large projects. As long as we're trading comic links - it can also be used as perimeter defense. http://freefall.purrsia.com/ff100/fv00014.htm or as a method for private communication http://freefall.purrsia.com/ff800/fv00751.htm What a veiled FUD. If you doubt the text, check the references . And this is the real reason why museums don't allow photography.