amazon wants you to do so for advertising purposes, and this is particularly important given the implications of firefox's 3rd party cookie policy / dnt. Amazon is actually quite a large ad vendor: they allow you to retarget based on purchases and because they've run out of inventory on amazon proper, they buy on exchanges. Running a login system means they can track you around the internet, and this nicely dovetails with ff's new cookie policy since amazon will most likely be on of the sites you've visited and hence a permitted 3rd party cookie. This is a valuable dataset for an advertiser, and even more importantly, will allow 3rd party targeting to continue to work. This is also why fb / twitter / G run 3rd party login systems. Not to mention that doing tryout projects often swaps money for your most valuable time, ie vacation time. (For some reason my employers are willing to give me $10-$20k raises when I swap jobs every other year, but are unwilling to keep my pay the same and give me an extra 2 weeks of vacation, even though the latter moves the finances wildly in their favor since even $10k for 2 weeks is $260k a year, which I do not make.) Also, I've been interviewing. The experience bloody sucks. For example, and this is my hobbyhorse, graphs/trees are stupid. I've written a graph algo more advanced then binary search exactly once in a 15 year career. I got in an argument in the last interview because I knew cache clock costs for a Nehalem (if you miss and go to main ram, 198 cycles) and argued this meant you should always, if possible, use a hashmap. Anyway, I still get judged on my ability to write graph algos on a whiteboard. Sigh. So I have to study this nonsense for two weeks before every interview then proceed to entirely forget it again. Good thing Pincus sold off a bunch of stock [1] -- $190mm worth [2]. Even better, he sold it before the employee lockup expired [3]. Living like a boss == fuck you money in the bank, instead of locked up in a company like suckers (employees and investors). From the stock charts [4], it looks like it closed opening day at $9.50, Pincus and insiders dumped at $12, and if you're a regular employee w/ a 6mo lockup that presumably expired 16 Jun since the company opened 16 Dec 11, you've never seen a price higher than $6. ps -- dear employees and investors: your ceo dumping big blocks of stock is probably a negative signal [1] http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405270230472440457729... [2] http://www.forbes.com/sites/nathanvardi/2012/10/05/zynga-kee... [3] http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/07/31/zynga-insider-tradi... [4] http://www.google.com/finance?cid=481720736332929 updated to include pricing. Again, selling at 2x your employees == living like a fucking boss. This is probably vitally important for the kind of company YC starts but consider businesses that won't require you to do this, because retention is very very hard too. Retention is critical. What is your easiest, best hire? Continuing to employee someone you've already hired and who has worked well for you. Everyone complains about difficulty hiring and how expensive it is, but companies don't seem to do anything about it. How about proactively giving the sort of raises ($10-$20k) available by switching jobs? I used to work for a company that just whined about how hard hiring was while watching the median tenure of an engineer be 20 months. Not even to mention the 8 employees dedicated solely to hiring, so there went a quick $1mm per year as well. You should probably not use softlayer cloud; a very bright ops guy at scribd had a horrific time doing so. http://kovyrin.net/2011/05/02/cloudlayer-bad-story/ tl;dr: 3 monetization models, called as (i) coursera, (ii) university, and (iii) registered student. (i) coursera (pg 3): university builds the material, company monetizes it. 6 to 15% of gross rev to university: 6% for 3 mos, plus an extra 3% for every additional 3 mos the course runs (pg 28); plus 20% of gross profits. (ii) university (pg 3): university monetizes it and shares with coursera; the rev split (pg 28) is agreed on in a course development agreement for each individual course (pg 29). (iii) registered students model (pg 4): coursera appears to simply host material / run classes for registered students in the university. Other potential monetization (pg 40): certs to be purchased by end user; secure assessments (ie a test center); employee recruiting (employees can query perf by class); NB: employees have to send email through coursera and coursera appears not to share contact info; employee or university screening; human provided tutoring or manual grading; corporate/univ enterprise model; sponsorships; tuition fees Other interesting things: university keeps ip (pg 8) ps -- if anyone at coursera is bothered by this, I'll happily delete. Determinants are never actually used to invert matrices. In fact, I can't think of any computational math that even calculates an inverse matrix. It's both faster, lower storage (unless you invert in place?) and far more numerically stable to solve Ax=b by factoring A as LU/chol/maybe QR. Even if you had multiple b you would just save your factorization. In which bit of math do people actually instantiate an inverse? It's a hell of a lot easier when you're rich beyond belief; have access to the best legal counsel; have an enormous media platform; have access to lobbyists; have cultivated personal connections to legislators; can pick a very public fight which the NSA dreads getting dragged into; and can threaten obama / the democrats' link to a rich, donor heavy constituency. What John Kiriakou did took courage. What these ceos need is a hell of a lot less. edit: We've seen how these ceos can react when they care, ie when something threatens their income. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protests_against_SOPA_and_PIPA edit2: punctuation To fill in: post 1979 construction is exempt, and condo'd units require just cause eviction but have no controls on rent increase (my understanding is the landlord can arbitrarily raise the rent.) I'm not sure how TICs are covered. Source: I've sued a landlord for blatant violations of sf rental law, and at one point, had 5 lawyers involved. The experience sucked ass and, in practice, tenant protections in sf are tissue thin when when a landlord is malicious. also: Bryan is a former ibanker. I'd be shocked, shocked! to find out he's a mixture of stupid and venal. Also, any lawyer involved in a rent lawsuit against Bryan will hopefully find this article and it certainly can be admitted as evidence. IME: email is worthless. canned letters / faxes go in the garbage. A polite phone call may accomplish something. Better yet if you donated or voted for that politician. Even better if you phone banked. I called my representatives and told them they got $2700 plus several days phone banking from me last election cycle. If they don't get right on this, they're getting $0 next time; I'm not going to have to work too hard to figure out something fun to waste a saved $3k on. Oh, and if the above bothers you, support public funding of elections. He who pays the bills calls the shots, and all those companies profiting off surveilling the world make a lot of donations. Holy shit. Microsoft Corp. (MSFT), the world’s largest software company, provides intelligence agencies with information about bugs in its popular software before it publicly releases a fix, according to two people familiar with the process. That information can be used to protect government computers and to access the computers of terrorists or military foes. Microsoft gives US military hackers and the NSA zero days to go hack people with. I think this helps explain Google's 7-day disclosure. Also, fuck microsoft . Running your mouth and trying to blackball people who don't give you 60 days while (presumably selling) those exploits to governments? Just amazing. Edit: here [1] is discussion of Tavis Ormandy / Google's new 7 day policy. I really wonder if this was partially driven by eg Microsoft's abhorrent behavior. [1] http://www.theverge.com/2013/5/30/4379004/google-to-make-cri... If you're in the MAPP program, you promise (on application, and presumably contractually upon membership as well), to: Do you agree to publish monthly protections derived from MAPP information only after Microsoft’s public security update release? I'm doubting the NSA / military hackers make, or honor, any such agreement. not really what does msft think they're doing with them? dude, an ubuntu point upgrade hosed wifi on a coworker's thinkpad within the last 6 months or so. These are not invalid concerns even for software developers. Honestly, a better way to describe freedom zero is perhaps maslow's hierarchy of needs for computing. works / performs required task is the bottom of the pyramid. So-called freedom zero is much higher. As far as I understand, the argument is that, by not actually reading emails or listening to phone calls, but merely observing who communicated with whom, they're abiding by the law but getting quite a lot of information anyway. I don't know what you can do about phone calls, but for emails, email clients could simply send a stream of emails at random intervals to everyone in our address books. If you encrypt the email it's easy to set an ignore flag. Thus actual communications would be masked. Governments already (and appropriately) legislate all sorts of things about software. * Some governments require windows to present a choice of web browsers. * Some governments require websites, operating systems, or programs to provide for accessibility to the disabled. Some governments also regulate information collection and sharing: * Some governments (including the US) regulate what information credit card companies must provide to consumers. * Some governments (including the US) regulate what info credit bureaus can collect, sell, require them to provide free copies on demand to those surveilled, and set up a framework for a dispute process. It's perfectly reasonable for governments, as an agent of the people, to create laws and regulations around what can be collected and how. And yes, code may have to go into browsers to comply. at a certain point, real hardware is called for, if you wish to scale. my experience: 1/3 the price, 2x the performance in softlayer vs a $97k/mo ec2 spend. Obviously specific to my workload, but you should at least benchmark on real hardware. Can we all agree that your point (while well taken)... is really really funny in light of the subject of this article? I'd say this was a pretty spectacular instance of just not working. I've mentioned this before, but I have a trendy skill, and one that has a higher barrier to entry than eg web developer. If a potential employer says, "so... x0x0. What we're thinking is that you burn a week of vacation time doing a trial project for us" my response is something like "hahahaha...bzzt. next" ml with a bunch of hadoop knowledge sf is worse than comically mismanaged; to steal a quote from Philip Greenspun, watching san franciscans play at running a city is like watching a group of nursery school children who've stolen a Boeing 747 and are now flipping all the switches trying to get it to take off. We came from nyc and were astounded how bad muni is. Two people who very happily lived without cars were forced to buy one then two cars to live an adult life in sf. How are you supposed to get groceries, run errands, go to the gym, go to the library, etc etc on muni when every errand costs an additional 60 to 90 minutes because of muni. When we lived in Haight, we could bloody walk many places in the city faster than muni could take you there. Taxis, even to valencia at 23rd, just don't come. And muni is not only glacially slow [2], but it's fucking expensive as hell too: For every mile Muni runs a bus in this city, it spends 9.21; comparable agencies nationwide pay between 0 and 3. For every mile Muni runs a light-rail vehicle, it throws down 4.37; comparable rail services spend between 2 and 2. [1] So -- we pay the most and get the worst services. Plus, I've ridden public transport all over the world and never before sf had I regularly felt physically unsafe on public transport. And the housing. Walk through the mission; while there's definitely beautiful victorians there's also a bunch of cheap shit, no more than two stories, thrown together for as little money as humanly possible in the 60s and 70s that we could tear down and replace with 10 story housing. And landlords are fucking amazing; we ended up in court with multiple lawyers because, for the low low price of $2200/mo, we expected the shower not to leak into our bed and the landlord not to steal electricity from our meter. When we lived in manhattan, people had landlord problems, but it wasn't par for the course. Here, amongst personal friends, roughly 40% have had just horrific landlord problems that ended up with police or court involvement. And the schools. There's a reason parents are driven out; it's because you either pay for private school or move to the peninsula and get good public schools for your taxes. [1] http://www.sfweekly.com/2010-04-14/news/the-muni-death-spira... [2] http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/30/us/san-francisco-buses-are... all I can say is, have you seen the existing housing stock in sf? It's not like that much of it is earthquake safe. And landlords have fought like hell to avoid retrofitting [1]. [1] http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/02/14/san-francisco-earth... On what basis do you believe as content distribution technology improves, the percentage given to content creators will increase? This is in direct contrast to historical examples such as monopolies and amazon clearly wants to become a near-monopoly; further, even if the percentage increases, if the absolute amounts fall the content creators still end up worse off. See eg recent articles on HN about the economics of movies being damaged by the move from dvd purchase to $4 or $5 digital rentals. This crucially depends on merchants being comfortable sharing data. Data coops sometimes work and sometimes don't. I'd read the contract very carefully. And even if everything is on the up-and-up now, as the purchase of ghostery by evideon shows, it doesn't necessarily remain that way. For starters (and I haven't read sift's contracts), people tend to purchase things in spurts. Knowing someone just bought something on a merchant is incredibly valuable data. Plus this is amazing data for retargeting; amazon has built an ad business that is speculated to be well on the way to a $1B run rate [1] [1] http://www.forbes.com/sites/roberthof/2013/06/05/amazons-ad-... I think it's an open question if there will be enough online merchants that aren't {amazon, newegg, zappos} -- assuming that zappos has access to amazon anti-fraud tech -- to build a business on. They're not the only ones gambling there will be a large ecommerce ecosystem, but prime in particular has moved my online purchasing nearly exclusively to amazon. It is the first time intelligence officials have described which groups are reacting to the leaks. The officials spoke anonymously because they were not authorized to speak about the intelligence matters publicly Ooh. Gonna be holding my breath waiting for the Obama administration to diligently find these leakers. Unless -- and I'm sure this is coincidence -- prosecutions are correlated with in what light leaks frame the administration? Nah, couldn't be. I worked for one and it works very well. They build one of the most common electronic medical record systems plus a bunch of associated software. Any large client, in this case a hospital, hospital chain, or large ambulatory clinic, pays a $mm annual fee for the right to call and notify of a breaking bug and get engineers to issue a fix asap. Well, I believe two ways. First, I'm sure the contracts have penalties, plus hospitals have lawyers. Second, when companies spend tens of millions of dollars per year or more, they certainly talk to a bunch of current clients. If word gets around that your company screws customers it will throw a wrench in sales. There aren't that many hospitals, particularly if you view chains like kaiser as a single customer, in the US. this is one of my hobbyhorses, but recruiting really isn't that hard. If you're finding it hard, let me ask: (1) are you paying market salaries? (1a) are you really paying market salaries, or are employees supposed to join your company because you're a special snowflake (1b) even if you are paying market, why should an employee go to your firm? What is the upside to them for leaving a boss and company that they know? Because it would be really convenient for you, the hirer, is not a good answer. (2) do you make the interviewing process decent, or do you scatter caltrops in front of potential employees (2a) good employees do not need to crash study then regurgitate graph algorithms that your company never uses on the whiteboard. They also have jobs and value their vacation time and don't care to spend a week consulting for you (2b) how long does it take you to respond to resumes that come in? You should be able to say yes/no/maybe within 2 business days. Do your recruiters / interviewers actually read the cover letters / resumes? Last time I changed job a big sf / yc startup let my first interviewer roll into the interview room just shy of 20 minutes late without having read my resume. That's a complete fucking dick move, and it's part of why I turned them down. (2c) when potential employees send you github links, do you have an engineer actually bloody look at them (almost never in my experience) (2d) do you actually expend effort to meet potential employees / grow a bunch of warm leads, or do you wait until 3 weeks before you want someone to start then gripe because you can't convert cold leads in 1 week plus a 2 week resignation period for their current employee? (2e) do you use shit software like that jobvite bullshit that badly ocrs then expects me to hand proof their shitty ocr job? Or do you directly accept pdf resumes. (2f) for the love of god, I do not have a copy of ms word and wouldn't take one if it were free. I will not put my resume into word format. (3) do you take some pains to grow employees? Hire people out of university? Take a chance on people? (3b) Like one of my former employers, do you do a good job hiring new grads from schools besides stanford / berkeley / mit / cmu, but then 18 months in after employees have demonstrated their value refuse to bring them up to market rates and lose them? (4) when you send out offers, do you actually put out a good offer or do you throw numbers out that are 10% or more under your ceiling then expect employees to negotiate hard with you? I just turned down an sf startup because they did this; the ceo who hired me said, "x0x0: when I was an employee I hated negotiating, so I'm going to make you a great offer. This also means I'm not going to negotiate." And you know what? It was a great offer, and I said yes the next morning. It also avoids starting your new job after a confrontational exercise. (5) if you have recruiters contacting people, do you have them make clear they're internal not external? (5b) do your recruiters actually read peoples' linkedin profiles before contacting them? I used rails a bit 3 employers ago and had to remove that word from my profile because I got spammed with rails stuff. (6) do your job postings on LI/craigslist/message boards tell potential employees why he or she should work for you, or is it simply a long list of desiderata like the vast majority? (7) like Rand says, do you know off the top of your head the career goals of your employees? What are you doing to help them get there? (7b) just like the easiest sale is an upsell to a customer you have, the easiest recruit is the good employee you already have that you keep happy and prevent from leaving (7c) do you give your employees raises to keep them at or above market, or can they get a $20k raise by swapping companies? If that raise is on offer, exactly why should they continue to work for you? (7d) on that note... 0.2% of an A round company isn't golden handcuffs. It's more like paper handcuffs. The other thing Alex posted is firefox really gives you no indication of why the internet looks weird and is breaking left and right. So you can disable js or images or ssl and unless you're lucky enough to know a programmer or IT person really have no guide to undoing whatever happened. replying to myself: one more way apple simply makes better software: safari offers a simple reset option that seems to reset all browser settings. Now, this doesn't help in the case of a user not understanding what went wrong, but I can tell someone over the phone "click on safari -> reset safari" far more easily than walking someone through deleting a firefox profile while saving bookmarks or reinstalling firefox and creating a new profile. I don't like safari as a browser, but it's to apple's credit that they offer this simple option so I tell my mother / mother-in-law to just click reset if the internet is weird. thank you craigslist's position is pretty clear, whether they publicly admit it or not: they don't want, and will aggressively work to prevent, other companies attempting to bootstrap themselves off craigslist's content. I don't know why we have to all pretend we're shocked about this. craigslist is far from profit maximizing. That's part of why craigslist's users tend to love it. Let's take your $100m exit and do an example. Say you're granted .4% as an A round employee, 30% dilution for a round B, 10% dilution at a round C, then an exit so no round D gives a final ownership percentage of 0.4% * .63 = 0.252%. Say you worked there for four years, you get 100e6 * 0.252 * 1e-2 = $250k before taxes plus strike. Pretax that's a $62k per year spiff, and at best, with good tax advice, $50k / year after taxes. We can quibble about meaningful, but $250k is an ok down payment for a relatively modest $1mm house on the peninsula. We apparently have different ideas about meaningful. Most startups, even many claiming otherwise pay less than market. You could probably capture at least half that $50k/year in cash, particularly if you're willing to work for goog/fb/msft/etc. That doesn't even touch the variance of that payout. Also, in expectation and off the top of my head with your success statistics, that $252k is under $50k. There is a difference between effectively managed by the medical establishment and what Reagan / america did in the 80s. I'm at work and I don't have sources readily available, but my understanding is that many older gay people (those still alive) hate reagan and republicans specifically because they slow rolled the response to hiv. Much of America's response wasn't really pushed until the Clinton administration. So how much of the below is the legitimate difficulty of rapidly responding to a new disease is arguable, but I don't think anyone can make a real case that if a new disease had appeared in the 80s that affected straight white men that it wouldn't have gotten a much more vigorous response from the reagan administration/fda/etc. At bare minimum, by the first time reagan mentioned aids publicly, 20,849 Americans had died from it [1]. How he squared his conscience with not mentioning aids until twenty thousand americans had died is amazing. A brief history mostly off the top of my head 1 - reagan didn't care at all about aids until an actor friend of his died of it; 2 - the strong perception within the fda was that reagan didn't care about aids / didn't want anything done about it; 3 - reagan allowed his staff to delete a mention of ryan white from a speech; 4 - reagan didn't mention aids publicly until mid 1987 Writing in the Washington Post in late 1985, Rep. Henry Waxman, D-Los Angeles, stated: "It is surprising that the president could remain silent as 6,000 Americans died, that he could fail to acknowledge the epidemic's existence. Perhaps his staff felt he had to, since many of his New Right supporters have raised money by campaigning against homosexuals." [1] 5 - act-up, amongst others, fought with the fda about not just glacial drug approval processes, but also the fda denying access to experimental therapies even to patients without other therapeutic options; 6 - I don't remember this as well, but I believe hiv patients also had to fight the fda for early-ending of clinical trials, because they were insisting that people taking placebos should basically die So some of this is similar to why many gay people of the right age hate Ed Koch, but an aggressive intervention by the reagan administration might have saved many lives. [1] http://www.sfgate.com/opinion/openforum/article/Reagan-s-AID... 1 - nothing you said disproves my statements; that reagan had the word "aids" dragged from his lips during a press conference does nothing to change his record of disregard, contempt, and disregard of a crisis because he and his donors disapproved of gay people; nor does it change the fact that he didn't voluntarily mention it until 1987 2 - nor does a record of funding disprove reagan's intentional oversight; by 1992 aids was the #1 cause of death for US men ages 25-44 [1] and by 1994 the #1 cause of death for all americans age 25-44 [1]; the funding was wildly insufficient to mount a proper response. And were it not for reagan's homophobia and bigotry, a more vigorous response could reasonably have saved many more lives 3 - while it is true that federal policy doesn't hinge exclusively on what the president says, nice attempt to change the goals. The point was not that the federal government and medical establishment -- despite reagan -- did both their job and their moral duty, but that he intentionally hampered the response. I repeat: it's indisputable that if a disease affecting, well, reagan supporters had killed 20 thousand americans it would have garned a much more vigorous response, one which could be triggered and pushed by the president himself. For example, see the improvement in response under Clinton. I'm sure it's just a coincidence that AIDS was a priority under a president who isn't a homophobe. 4 - brent bozell is a proud homophobe; what a surprise that he manages to find supposed evidence -- though you shouldn't believe a thing he says without consulting a primary source -- finding that reagan didn't intentionally fail a group of americans reagan despised [1] http://aids.gov/hiv-aids-basics/hiv-aids-101/aids-timeline/ edit because i forgot the link you should check out http://0xdata.com/ ; it's built from the ground up on a custom dkv to do in-memory ML. Reasons to check it out: 1 - it's open source https://github.com/0xdata/h2o 2 - ingest data from hdfs, s3, csv 3 - I've built systems like what you're discussing twice; the ML algorithms are often easier to write than expected while data management (moving data, sending updates, etc) which initially seems easier is much harder. 0xdata handles this for you. 4 - under active development 5 - it cleanly runs on your dev box with 1 or many nodes for development; deploying is a simple as uploading a jar to a cluster and putting a single file on each naming peers in the cluster 5a - see scripts to walk you through doing this disclosure: I work on it as of very recently =P see also Keith Rabois' answer on the subject [1]; sorry for the quora link but it's worth it. tl;dr: reasons given to avoid ipo include lower speed/innovation (counterexample: apple), problems with short-term market expectations (cex: google), outside capital not required, maintaining a low profile, and sox compliance. Keith asserts that the real reasons are (a) incorrect assessments of above; (2) BoD issues, and (3) -- the important reason -- private company valuations are detached from reality and have been substantially inflated, so companies have to defer exits for years until their business can actually support the valuation. [1] http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-of-the-main-reasons-that-... Yet George Bush's presidency is widely acknowledge to be, well, a fail parade. Or perhaps we should go with by their works ye shall judge them. An (extremely brief) overview of Bush's presidency: * he waved off warnings of Bin Laden ("All right. You’ve covered your ass, now") * he turned a highly effective -- under clinton -- national disaster agency into a joke, at least in part by putting a failed horse judge in charge of it, then oversaw an ineffective response to one of the largest national disasters to ever strike the US (katrina) * he lost Bin Laden at Tora Bora * he and his chosen vp and sec state back channeled incredibly wrong information into the public, in part via the nyt, in order to sell a war with, well, people who had no weapons of mass destruction and who were uninvolved in 9/11; * by the by on the above, he fired the general (shinseki) who gave an accurate prediction of iraq war costs * Bush hired wolfowitz, who predicted the iraq war would cost between $10 and $100B (what's $700B and counting between friends) * Bush ignored, well, basically everyone who understood much of anything about the middle east in favor of a war which wildly destabilized a highly geopolitically important (oil) zone, while empowering iran So your link, in which the author writes, [...] President Bush's thinking has several problematic aspects: lack of intellectual engagement, cognitive inflexibility, need for closure, belief perseverance, confirmation bias, overconfidence, and insensitivity to consistency. These are all cognitive characteristics that have been studied by psychiatrists and that can be measured with at least some precision. However, they are all examples of thinking styles that are not tapped by IQ tests. Thus, it is not surprising that someone could suffer from many of these cognitive deficiencies and still have a moderatively high IQ. Bush's cognitive deficiencies do not impair performance on intelligence tests, but they do impair rational decision making. [1] is, in retrospect, incisive. [1] http://yalepress.yale.edu/yupbooks/excerpts/stanovich_what.p... thank you, that's awesome I think there are many reasons, some more rational than others. 1 - everyone is long housing, and sfbay has had major price swings. Buying a house caps what you'll pay. I lived in a neighborhood in sf where market rents for my apartment went from $2200 to at least $2700/mo in a little over a year and a half. 2 - the US, via mortgage interest deduction, privileges home ownership 3 - california in particular privileges home ownership by basically freezing property taxes 4 - rental stock in california is often complete shit. If you don't want to hear your neighbors walking or running the bathroom fan or etc... you probably need to buy a home. 5 - good luck finding a 3 bedroom rental, which is highly desirable if you have 2 kids 6 - if you have good credit, a $1mm house in the peninsula costs roughly (within $700/mo) what rent does on a similar apartment 7 - want to have a dog? Good luck with that in a rental. 8 - want to not have to ask permission for X, Y, or Z while paying $3500+/mo? Don't live in a rental. my god, it's like a republican freemarketer madlibs from a former employer who wants to stay anonymous, ec2 bill per month: $97k peak, softlayer: $26k. 1/3 the cost, 2x the performance. And let's not mention emr; a $15k/mo cluster in softlayer did something like 5x the performance of an emr cluster that was costing (and running!) $2k/day. in case you are unaware, first, see the perf difference in my previous post, and second, the public pricing on softlayer is a price ceiling. If you are buying multiple machines, even perhaps as few as 4 or 5 a month, you can probably negotiate a nice discount and certainly if you are renting 10-20/mo. Of course they will happily sell for the price on the site. their site makes it sounds like bgp is rerouting, but i'm still down yeah, with ambulances staged right outside when people keel over from heat stroke [1] So many ambulances responded to medical assistance calls at the warehouse during a heat wave in May, the paper said, that the retailer paid Cetronia Ambulance Corps to have paramedics and ambulances stationed outside the warehouse during several days of excess heat over the summer. About 15 people were taken to hospitals, while 20 or 30 more were treated right there, the ambulance chief told The Call. so just like disney, really [1] http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/09/19/inside-amazons-very... you say anti-scientific hysteria, I say reasonable fears regularly ignored by industry and whitewashed by an industry captured fda. example 1: bpa from the wiki article [1]: In 2006, the US Government sponsored an assessment of the scientific literature on BPA. Thirty-eight experts in fields involved with bisphenol A gathered in Chapel Hill, North Carolina to review several hundred studies on BPA, many conducted by members of the group. At the end of the meeting, the group issued the Chapel Hill Consensus Statement,[100] which stated BPA at concentrations found in the human body is associated with organizational changes in the prostate, breast, testis, mammary glands, body size, brain structure and chemistry, and behavior of laboratory animals.[101] The Chapel Hill Consensus Statement found that average levels in people are above those that cause harm to many animals in laboratory experiments. They noted that while BPA is not persistent in the environment or in humans, biomonitoring surveys indicate that exposure is continuous, which is problematic because acute animal exposure studies are used to estimate daily human exposure to BPA, and no studies that had examined BPA pharmacokinetics in animal models had followed continuous low-level exposures. They added that measurement of BPA levels in serum and other body fluids suggests the possibilities that BPA intake is much higher than accounted for, and/or that BPA can bioaccumulate in some conditions (such as pregnancy).[100] A 2008 report by the Center for the Evaluation of Risks to Human Reproduction within the U.S. National Toxicology Program (NTP), which is within the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, reported the results of its exhaustive review of the literature. Its conclusions, expressed relative to current estimates of general population exposure levels in the U.S., were the following: and yet bpa is still used. So when we hear that monsanto pinky-swears their experiments, even when they contaminate neighboring fields, are super duper safe, or orange growers promise up and down that, well, their genetic modifications they introduced to prevent their business from being destroyed are absolutely positively safe (we promise!)... forgive me for being skeptical. Not to mention the freakout about labeling foods; if they weren't knowingly poisoning us, why exactly would corporations be so very afraid of properly labeling foods? Any reasonable adult should have his or her bullshit detector going off when they are told gmo is absolutely safe, but it's the end of the world if we tell people which foods have gmo ingredients so that they can choose what to eat. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bisphenol_A No I didn't and you misquoted the paragraph and accidentally (I hope ?) changed the meaning. What was actually said was: For adults, the Expert Panel has negligible concern for adverse reproductive effects following exposures in the general population to Bisphenol A you'll note that does not say "negligible concern" for adults, it says "negligible concern for adverse reproductive effects ". And you know what was never studied? General safety for adults under actual dosing as experienced in reality. Further on down the same wiki article, just one of many concerns: The authors found that higher bisphenol A levels were significantly associated with heart disease, diabetes, and abnormally high levels of certain liver enzymes Please. Jenny McCarthy is a fucking idiot. See the wiki article for evidence published in medical journals that bpa harms human beings. There's plenty of evidence to say it should be banned, at bare minimum until long term studies at actual dosing levels have been performed.