What are you trying to accomplish with this? :) Books give him a temporal high? WTF? Yes, stuff like this! Heh... but I really liked _feeling_ on par with whatever people are using/feeling inside BigCo. Do you agree with the answer to #2? He goes on to say that some former JPL employee named Ron attributed his high productivity to Lisp but, when he joined Google he found out C++ programmers there that were more productive that he in Lisp. Then he realized it was the programmers that mattered, not the programming language. Now, isn't this a bit stretched? I'd believe if it was Python against Lisp, of course... I don't like it. They should just try to mimic OSX... I disliked the Dark theme for ubuntu 9. Guys, shouldn't we be talking about 11th position? Lisp! Remember? So, they can't live from its profit yet. :( OH COOL! Congratulations! When I was deciding for Django, this... So, how do I build the next Google? Sure, but I'm not a designer. Someone isn't ugly just because they have a big nose, for example. I can't explain exactly why it is ugly. But it is in the fonts, the anti-aliasing, the theme that tries to be new but only changes some colors, the terminal tab bar too big... Should I learn SQL alone first? Misread as XeXeca Who would say.. C++ is the language du jour again! Meta-comment: this Safari site advertises it has over _9000_ books and videos! How is that going to attract people? It's more about the concepts, IMHO. Google has implemented MapReduce in C++. Which is probably why they're dominating the world while I'm playing with another language I'll never get to write anything in... Youtube: "Quants: The Alchemists of Wall Street." What can give me IDE-like popup completion for the current file using a live python interpreter beyond the scenes? Why isn't there SLIME for Python? There are also slides packed with the source download on Sourceforge (/doc). Hm, blog has two entries, both are on HN at this moment... is it considered ok to ask for friends to post links to your blog? Just askin... Shouldn't a team like this start their own business instead of thinking of being hired? Imagine if the skeptic had a heart attack at that very time... YES! Why Rails sites always look better than Django ones? Curious... why do you think themes are a bad design choice for Chrome? What about it? I do 67^2 as 60 60 + 7 60 + 7 60 + 7 7 ... What is NurteShock? The "Themes by Google" ones are a little better. Nah, I'll just see them on Youtube. Neko -> Haxe -> Cool flash stuff Related: http://ncannasse.fr/blog/physaxe [edit: oops, I think Haxe doesn't need Neko if you're targetting Flash] Totally different? IIRC, Neko is based on Ocaml, which is on the other side of the spectrum from dynamic languages like Lua... So... what do you mean? the sad thing is that that product will only work for english :) on one way, recognizing (and translating the subtitles to english) other languages would be more important because most people already know english... there's "english sound" -> text.. what i meant is that perhaps "chinese sound" -> text or something would be more useful fost most people around here What about environment? Does it take pictures? before getting to know them.. but then you should. Joel was a fun read back then. Respect. aka "bunnie", the guy who become famous for hacking Xbox, IIRC. ...with Lars Bak. Python is fine for Norvig. Just got over 9000 with a snippet in Perl, using regular expressions. Does the codebase matters more than the ideabase? Surprisingly, this allows sending SMS to all operators in Brazil, and just tested on mine. I wonder, how they did it? Did they have to contact each operator and make a deal, or I'm missing something? Self-answering: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=449670