Hmm. I took a look at the code and was disappointed to see it's using the Coinbase API. Hardly decentralised. Unfortunately it's hard to replace with direct usage of the P2P network because it relies on sending money to an email address: i.e. a trusted third party has to hold the money until the recipient picks it up. What if they never pick it up? What if they don't actually want bitcoins? It seems to me like a decentralised solution would be easy to code up, if only we add an additional requirement: someone who wants a payout should put a Bitcoin address into the pull request or commit description. Then BitHub would be able to make payouts directly from its own wallet with no Coinbase dependency, and a committer has to opt-in to receiving the funds. I might take a look at coding this up soon. BitHub is Java so using bitcoinj and XChange would be very easy. The entire setup was a sham from the start. The reason HSBC didn't deny everything is because publicly being fined and saying nothing about it was the condition on avoiding prosecution. Remember, the PATRIOT Act can give bankers 20 year jail sentences even if they did not know what was happening . Jailing innocent people from crimes committed by basically random other people is absurd and yet that is what Congress has put in place. If your choice, as a banker, was to piss off a government hell-bent on making you a scapegoat and risk going in front of a jury of poor people who hate bankers, charged of violating a law it's impossible not to violate, and which carries a 20 year jail sentence, you would agree to a deal as well. The US allegations were ridiculous anyway. They claimed HSBC "knew" there was money laundering taking place merely because money was moving from Mexico to America. I'm sure HSBC execs, having read newspapers and watched TV, were quite confident there was drug money in that stream. This is quite different to knowing precise account numbers of drug cartels with a high degree of certainty. I don't recall the latter being alleged, however. Whether a country is "high risk" or not is not some well defined standard, it's an entirely subjective opinion. The US Government might have liked to consider Mexico high risk, but they aren't the ones who have to do all the investigative work on every transaction. If you look at the FATF-GATI (international AML org) recommendations, they have their own list of which countries are "high risk" (and Mexico has not been on it lately, as far as I recall). What the USG is saying here is they think HSBC should have been treating internal HSBC-to-HSBC transfers as high risk and reviewing them all. But this doesn't make much sense for a single company. The lack of it certainly cannot be equated to a deliberate "disabling" of controls. With respect to the repair queue, this is due to America's insane approach to sanctions - a transfer from country A to country B where there are no sanctions on B in A, that happens to get routed via a US bank, would have sanctions applied, despite that no laws were being violated by either party to the transaction. In order to work around this brain damage EU banks routinely edited ("repaired") wire transfers to avoid hitting the Great Firewall of America, safe in the knowledge that they were not violating any sanctions laws where they lived. Later, the US decided that jurisdiction was such a bothersome concept they decided that anyone who made a transfer to Iran, anywhere, regardless of local laws at the time, was guilty of money laundering. See also: Standard Charter. I don't think people here seem to realise the general backstory here. The US Government lies all the time . They routinely get innocent people to plead guilty without any kind of trial by threatening them with absurdly over-harsh penalties. The HSBC case is a classic example of this dynamic in action. Which is correct behaviour and what governments all ask banks to do, believe it or not. It's called the "risk based approach" in the AML jargon. The problem with AML laws is that they are so vague, it's impossible to ever really be sure you're in compliance. They turn banks into a privatised police force. How much effort should they make? Governments won't tell. They just say "be sensible about it". Banks hate this, as would you in their position, they want clarity about what to do, but governments don't want to give them a list of boxes to tick because they feel it'd be too slow and inflexible to keep up with criminals. See the problem? Banks invest VAST sums in AML compliance. They develop automated software to spot suspicious transactions, they have massive internal compliance departments, they ID verify all their customers. It's a huge, huge drain (which is passed on to all of us, of course). But how much is enough? As far as the Justice Department is concerned, there can never be enough. Whilst criminals exist, it must mean failures of compliance by banks. DOJ did not drop it because they are too lazy. They were chomping at the bit to prosecute. Go read up on the background to this. DOJ dropped it because the Treasury panicked and got into a massive fight with them. Treasury is responsible for AML laws and know full well how stupid they are - they became very scared that actually enforcing the laws Congress had passed to their full extent would trigger another financial crisis due to an exodus of trained staff. What DOJ wanted to do quite literally is jail CEOs in America for crimes committed by drug dealers in Mexico regardless of whether or not they knew anything about it . If they had succeeded, just imagine the impact that would have had on the finance industry. Under that standard, every single banker in the world would be a criminal facing jail time. Many of them would try to get out of banking as fast as possible, and banks couldn't easily survive massive simultaneous exits of senior staff. No, you keep saying this. There is NO consensus that Mexico is high risk. In fact the consensus is that it isn't. Go look at this list: http://www.fatf-gafi.org/topics/high-riskandnon-cooperativej... The FATF (Financial Action Task Force) co-ordinates AML regulations around the world. Note that Mexico is not on the list. Nor has it been there for a long time. What's more, HSBC classified Mexico as standard risk but this did not override account level risk markers, it just meant they were not attempting to manually investigate every single wire transfer in or out of Mexico, an impossibly vast job. Wire traffic between US and Mexico is vastly larger than between, say, US and Algeria. HSBC did not do anything wrong here. Hmm I've found the latest versions to already start up very fast. What are you comparing against currently? I use command line tools written in Java all the time and don't really notice it. MPS is really amazing (or crazy, depending on your perspective). It's been in development for years and is perhaps best described an IDE for building languages and IDEs. So there's a structural/projectionally edited language for defining structurally/projectionally edited languages (yes really), another one for type systems, another one for converting such languages into other languages. Eventually things compile down to Java (textually) so you can use all the standard libraries and so on. There are even languages for defining IntelliSense style IDE features. The main problem with these kinds of things is the incredibly sharp learning curve. It's more of a learning wall, really. It's a lot of effort to learn, and then it turns out that it's really hard to get in the mindset of defining new languages to solve problems, even when it's been made a lot easier than using yacc/lex/writing your own compiler backend/etc. I never really found a use for it, but I keep it filed away in the back of my mind in case one day I do. But before UNIX there was Symbolics, and Symbolics failed in the market whereas UNIX succeeded. That's not an "exploit", that's just how all these services work. For a large service there really isn't a good way to implement private set intersection as would be required for this - all the techniques that might work are deep into academic-paper-only territory, forget about finding a convenient open source implementation lying around on github, let alone a mature one. The other one, bulk registration of accounts, is also not an exploit using any conventional definition of the word. I spent years fighting bulk account signup abuse at Google. When we failed it was not an exploit in our system, because that implies you can provide some kind of cast-iron security guarantees on par with cryptography; you can't, all you can do is rate limit and try to detect bogus accounts. It's like finding a way to send spam and calling it an exploit. The poor crypto is disappointing but hardly unique: the field of crypto in general has given people poor tools to work with. Things like NaCL are barely known where as lower level primitives are supported out of the box by basically every OS/platform out there, with little or no guidance on the best way to use them. Why would you do that vs just writing a normal downloadable app? It's got nothing to do with fraud checks. Transfers take days because banks largely run on mainframes programmed in the 1970s. Because of the (by todays standards) peculiar designs those machines had, the bulk of the work is done at night in batch jobs. The vast size and complexity of the software, combined with archaic platforms, their business-critical nature, and almost total absence of competition means that banks don't upgrade to more modern systems unless forced (see the UK same day payments initiative). Then the banking network is not a perfectly connected system so sometimes payments must be routed via intermediate banks. That's why it can end up taking days. It isn't designed to deflate. That's a common misconception: http://bitcoin.org/en/faq#wont-bitcoin-fall-in-a-deflationar... The two cannot really be unentwined, especially not now. Which of the four "requirements" are precise enough to realistically be laws? They appear to boil down to opinions of some random people on a committee, that's why they contain language like "Google did not do enough" - well, what would be enough? Every single Google account holder was emailed in the runup to the change and there were banners on all the websites for weeks or longer, if I remember correctly. The notification effort was huge. One of the points of the new Google privacy policy was to be simple and unified, so you actually could read it. Before that there was a different policy for each service, and they were often long, which practically guaranteed nobody could read them all. CNIL doesn't even deny that the new policy was a good thing but they levied a fine anyway! Script is not mentioned at all in the Bitcoin white paper. Perhaps you are thinking of a comment he made elsewhere. Bear in mind that in the Bitcoin design it's not just miners who have to run scripts, it's all nodes, yet fees accrue only to the miners. Bitcoin does use fees to try and make computationally expensive transactions financially expensive as well, but that's just a basic antiflood mechanism, the fees don't actually get collected by those doing the work. Doesn't work for me unfortunately, I see no textures and a lot of errors like this: WebGL: INVALID_VALUE: texImage2D: width or height out of range [.WebGLRenderingContext]RENDER WARNING: texture bound to texture unit 0 is not renderable. It maybe non-power-of-2 and have incompatible texture filtering or is not 'texture complete' This is on a retina MacBook Pro. I guess there's some hw incompatibility there. Chrome 32. Globe texture shows up in Firefox though it's a little choppy. Other feedback: I suspect there aren't really tons of transactions being relayed out of costa rica - is this possibly the origin point on your globe model or something? Are you filtering out transactions with no geocodable IP? Really cool visualisation anyway. Like it! The whole point of Bitcoin is that you don't need to trust third parties with your money. Pointing out that people who choose to give their coins to a third party might lose them seems trivial - yes, financial institutions collapse (if you can call something like flexcoin an institution), and yes, regulation and deposit insurance can help address that. Who was arguing otherwise? The arguments for Bitcoin are that you don't / shouldn't need anything like Flexcoin in the first place. Apparently though, some people end up buying Bitcoins and then not storing them in their own wallets, ensuring they get the worst of all worlds - no low-trust technology and no government bailouts. Their money is in banks. The existing financial system is much better at protecting peoples money from extortion and kidnapping than Bitcoin is: you can either request money in cash (and get arrested the moment you try and pick it up), or you can request a wire transfer to an account you had to give a passport to open up and where the transactions can be rolled back at any time. The fear is that it's not actually safe to be rich in Bitcoin at the moment. In theory, this can be resolved through the use of tamper-resistant secure hardware (like the chips used in credit cards): you put your bitcoins under the control of such a device and then it's programmed to only allow small "cash" withdrawals to unauthenticated addresses, and it does risk analysis and requires authenticated addresses for everything else. But no such devices exist yet. HTML5 was supposed to be the answer when the iPhone 1 was first announced. It still sucks many years later. Draw your own conclusions .... I think the issue is not so much that a scary adversary could simultaneously hack Twitter, GitHub, etc - that seems hard. The real problem is that all these services will, in the default configuration (no 2-factor auth), perform password resets via your email account. Thus if you succeed in hacking someone's mail account you can take control of their other accounts and go ahead and verify a new keybase profile. Unfortunately there's no way to know externally if someone uses 2-factor, so it's hard to judge how meaningful a Keybase profile really is. The mitigating factors here are: 1) Most "good" services at least those used by the tech geek community do support 2SV these days, which would raise the bar somewhat for people who use it, although I suspect several of those services will still unlock 2SV for you if you say you lost your second factor and know enough about the account (Google does). 2) Someone would obviously notice that their passwords had all been reset and could sound the alarm. But in practice, I think this feels like not much different to just verifying ownership of an email address, which is what CA's already do (and there are PGP CA's if you don't want to use X.509). Comodo will do it for free, it's integrated with the browser via the HTML5 keygen tag, and it takes just a couple of minutes. Are you suggesting US law requires companies to aggressively try and poach each others staff? That would be remarkable and amazing if so. What if you aren't particularly interested in staffing a large recruiting division, and don't cold-call anyone? What if you think cold-calling is like spam and just feel it's not something your company should do? Do you get in trouble for holding down wages? Er, did you read the email? Brin explicitly says they have people working on Firefox and were thinking of making a modified version of it, but hadn't made the final call yet. Venmo is unavailable outside the USA (or at least, it's not available in my area). Splitwise appears to be just a web2.0 accounting type app? I didn't see any mention of actually moving money around. Bitcoin isn't actually that great for splitting bills at the moment because wallets don't have Splitwise type features. But in theory once added it should be quite convenient, assuming you can tolerate the usual Bitcoin downsides. I think you're right that currently there's not a whole lot of incentive for people to use Bitcoin in the USA, especially for local transactions. But the system is still very new. It's hard to know how things will work out in future. All we do know is that the payments market, especially the American payments market, is extremely stagnant. The USA is stuck in a timewarp from most of the worlds perspective despite a proliferation of little startups that try and do something hip with magstripe cards. I mean, this is a country where people still routinely use cheques. So it may well be that Bitcoin, as it matures and adds features, finds a way to be competitive against credit cards, especially now the rules forbidding price differentials are being struck down. The IRS decision is a problem for sure, but it's also specific to one geography. The UK tax authority decided the same thing (Bitcoin is not a currency) and then changed their mind shortly afterwards. Bitcoin quite clearly IS currency by any reasonable definition that doesn't boil down to "a currency is whatever the government says a currency is", and so hopefully at some point the IRS decision would be changed in favour of common sense. Why don't you just .... use Bitcoin Core. Or bitcoinj, or any API that doesn't rely on third party infrastructure? The OP was complaining that blockchain.info has outages (which it does), so there's one reason. But more generally, the whole point of Bitcoin is you don't have to rely on trusted third parties. You might as well say, "the bank can't really try to gamble with your money, it'd ruin its business". But it happens! Now block explorer sites can't gamble with your money, but they can do plenty of other things. The assumption that they won't do problematic things because it'd hurt their business is just as weak. E.g. what happens if they start charging you fees? But more generally I wonder why people are doing this. If your app really needs indexed access to the entire block chain, you probably designed it wrong. If your app doesn't, then you could as well use local software. In Java 8 the JVM knows how to compile AES straight through to AES-NI invocations, so the CPU itself is doing the hardware accelerated crypto (in constant time). It's not necessarily the case that higher level languages have to be unsafer: especially not on something like a server where the overhead of JIT compilers get amortized out. I wrote an article called, "Why you think the PKI sucks but can't do any better" that goes over every single proposed alternative to it and explains why none of them work: https://medium.com/p/d04ea6a2c771 It's also got links to various security usability studies that are required reading for anyone who cares about this space. tl;dr - the article is dumb, heartbleed doesn't even have anything to do with X.509. Yes, that's because browsers don't want to put security of hundreds of millions of users in the hands of any Joe Random that asks for it. Running a CA is expensive because they are held to very high standards. You need to have your root keys inside an HSM, you need to have multiple people on your board who can access those keys, you need to set policies for certificate issuance that meet the CA/B requirements, you need to run OCSP servers, you need to be audited by a third party to verify you're actually following all those rules, all those things take money so then you need billing and charging people money implies you need support. In future you may need to take part in the CT audit logging system as well. Taking out any of these things and you'd be left with something that is significantly worse. That's why it costs money to be a CA _that browsers trust_. Of course if you want to be a CA that doesn't care about browsers, that's like three lines of code at the command line. This does not mean that the CA system is broken. There's a huge middle ground between "anyone can do it for free" and "totalitarian oligopoly". $1M to start a business is not that high compared to many other businesses. And if it was discovered, that CA would be revoked at huge cost and a ton of people would be very unhappy. Does the US Govt care? Maybe ... there are no references to such a root key seizure in any of his docs so far. Or maybe not. Just lots of talk about stealing private keys directly from the original holders. But who can really know? Suffice it to say there are attackers in this world other than the NSA. In this case, "them coming" just means a consumer boycott, at worst. It is in absolutely no way comparable to goons dragging people off to death chambers and you demean this debate by implying it is. Oh please. You cannot "launder money" with Starbucks gift cards unless you use a completely ridiculous definition of the term (which occasionally you find over-enthusiastic regulators doing, but that is no excuse). How is that discount funded though? I mean, who is paying the other 10%? They don't maintain it properly today. Go look at bugzilla, there are quite a few new feature patches from Google that just never get reviewed, let alone merged. Smartcard support is pretty important for a lot of people. If Chrome drops that feature, that would be a huge shame. That's not how money laundering works. Let's say you start out with drug money. You would like to get this money into the banking system so you can use it to buy a house. This is a standard money laundering problem. If you turn up at the bank with bags full of cash, the bank will ask where you got that money from, and lots of proof that it was legitimate. They will also file paperwork with the government stating that you made suspicious transactions, or they might just deny you entirely. Obviously, you can't say "I got this money selling drugs" so you need a plausible explanation - this is what money launderers do. So you take your drug money and buy lots of gift cards. Then you resell them at a discount. What you get back is .... cash (or bitcoins which are essentially digital cash). So the bank asks you the same questions. Your explanation is, "I got this money selling gift cards at a loss". This does not hold water, will not be accepted by the bank and thus does not solve your problem, or even take a step towards solving your problem. OK. Thanks for cheap drinks, I guess, but what's in it for you? I mean, how long do you plan to keep this up? A legitimate business being abused by carders is not money laundering either. If that was the case every single online store in existence would be guilty of money laundering. I've heard stories of some businesses that have seen 30-40% fraud rates on card transactions at times. Breaking instant payments doesn't make Bitcoin more secure, it just makes it less useful. The model generalises to probabilistic rewriting of the block chain, there's nothing special about confirmed vs unconfirmed. Bitcoin assumes the majority of hash power obeys the rules. At the moment, nobody knows how to build a system in which the majority of all players are dishonest and colluding against you, and Bitcoin is definitely not such a system. People who think it can be trivially evolved into such a system need a reality check: the more miners become dishonest and don't play by the rules, the less useful Bitcoin becomes. It doesn't take 51% to make it practically useless either. You're the guy who created it, aren't you? Double spends are not currently "very viable", as indicated by the fact that they were not happening and accepting instant payment is the standard. This is objective reality, not something you can argue away. A different world being theoretically possible does not translate into it magically happening with no effort. You are making an effort to change our happy situation for your own profit, in other words, to make Bitcoin less useful over the long run to benefit yourself in the short run. I can't tell if you're motivated by greed or a particularly poorly thought out world view. Also, why are you claiming this is somehow specific to unconfirmed transactions? Corrupt miners can also rewrite the block chain. If you get paid enough and have enough hash power, why not see if you can overtake the chain head? So don't claim it's somehow specific to unconfirmed transactions. It isn't. Bitcoin fundamentally assumes that the majority of mining power is "honest", defined to mean following the rules laid down by Satoshi in the core software. You can see this by simply reading the white paper: "The system is secure as long as honest nodes collectively control more CPU power than any cooperating group of attacker nodes." (last sentence, first page) You are attempting to bribe miners to become "dishonest" and "attack the network" in Satoshi's language. If enough people did what you suggest, the system's fundamental assumption would be invalidated and the entire network would break. If merely a small number of people do it, it just makes the system unreliable, untrustworthy and pushes people towards centralised fixes like payment processors that levy higher fees, trusted third parties that prevent double spending, secure hardware, etc. All things that increase Bitcoin's costs and reduce its competitiveness vs regular banking. Doing this doesn't help anyone or prove any point, it just adds sand into an otherwise useful system by increasing transaction costs. tl;dr you are like a kid kicking down someone's sandcastle on a beach, then saying "they should have been guarding it better, anyone could have done what i did!". There are no patches for it. Bitcoin is a system that is woefully misunderstood by many people. It is not a honey badger. It is at heart a system that takes a positive view on humanity. It's a system built on the assumption that the majority of players are honest and stick to the rules. In a world in which most people think long term and don't spend all their time trying to stab each other in the back, this works. But is humanity really that way? Or does society require a small number of rulers keeping the ruled in line? Every day that Bitcoin works well, the answer shifts towards "no, decentralisation of power can work". And if BitUndo gathers significant hash power, the answer shifts more towards "yes, decentralised solutions can't work if they rely on an honest majority". If you read the literature, distributed systems very commonly require some kind of honest majority, if only because the definition of "honest" needs to be set by something. There isn't really a way to make Bitcoin work in a world where most other players are colluding against you. Come on Gregory. You don't need to provide citations for reality. Just go and spend some Bitcoins into the economy, then tell me how many sellers required 6 confirmations. I don't remember the last time anyone required me to wait except for exchanges. I think people involved with it over the long term have always said that it's a risky experiment that might fail. Bitcoin resembles a sandcastle far more than a honey badger, that's for sure. "Honesty" is defined to mean "following the rules". The first seen rule is a part of that set. BitUndo isn't attempting to fork the chain today, but they certainly could - it's a simple extension of their model. Double spending for a fee doesn't really care whether a tx is unconfirmed or not, it simply alters the price charged. Security isn't a binary yes/no thing and double-spending-for-a-fee does not require unconfirmed transactions. Confirmed txns can be replaced too, it just costs more. He's talking about something called the PBL (policy blocklist). The idea is it contains IP ranges that aren't "supposed" to send mail, like consumer ADSL ranges. People who want to send mail from home directly are supposed to do so via their ISPs SMTP servers, which may be configured to relay but only from IPs the ISP controls. At least in theory this shields who you're talking to, somewhat. But I think a radical rethink like Pond is perhaps a better way forward: https://pond.imperialviolet.org/ DigiNotar got revoked partly because they got hacked, but mostly because they had zero acceptable followup. There was no good enough postmortem describing their mistakes and how they would correct them, and they also engaged in a coverup. Browser makers do not engage in instant execution of any CA that makes a mistake, because CA's are run by humans and to err is human. What they insist on is coming clean when mistakes are made, and steps taken ASAP to restore confidence, like publishing a real post mortem and making business changes to ensure the same mistake can't happen again.