This is cool, but I feel there still something missing with all these browser based editors. For some reason I still prefer sublimetext2+firebug I had a similar impression. the video looks like the founders really don't know anything about the business they are getting into. The video looks cheesy, like a corporation trying to speak teen's language to sell them ice cream, not like somebody who understands artists. also it was hard to understand what the site does, there is something like a price slider on the demo page but does not slide. what the hell is going on? better read some explanation... the founder probably did many mistakes, good luck next time. this is one boring job. the guy does weird things from time to time. QR codes never became popular here in Turkey. I'm pretty tech savvy guy but I asked all the questions when I first tried a QR code. There was an android appstore that I can't find a download link, just a QR code, I didn't know how to download them and gave up. When I figured out that it holds information that must be interpreted by an app, I was amazed and fooled around to see how amazingly accurate it is at reading it. But still, I see why it never caught-on here. We are a nation used to transfer pirated audio/video files, crack games and just don't expect things to work like "take a photo and a website opens". There is a poster about a concert with a QR code? Just google the artists name with the city name and the first result is the website selling the tickets. Why bother to find out what is that funny barcode, download an app for that? Just google it, you will find what's going on... Oh they did care, that's why they hide and fight back. they are probably just morons filled with hatred and no plan other than "bomb this people". they just assumed that they won't be caught, didn't consider the possibility that they would be identified. actually attempt to hide identity in the crowd would look more suspicious. the idea of hiding in the crowd requires to blend in, not look like you are hiding something. ah, and sorry for the typos. duck duck go cares. they are small but with constant traffic increases. honestly, it is the only search engine that gives me motives to use something other than google. This is one of the things that you know instinctively and you can relate immediately when somebody puts it out in a formal way. Myself and a friend of mine suffer from depression and we both feel much better when we are somewhat tired late in the night. Anecdotal evidence was there, so we both used to get things done just before sleep. they can say it's napster(read piracy) when you are not traveling just for the sake of traveling, you are definitely looking for the comfort of the familiarity. if you are on leisure trip overseas you would not want to have the exact same experience that you have at home, you seek something novel. but when you are doing frequent business trips that you didn't want to go on first place and you don't have much time for anything other than work you don't want to do risky stuff. all your mind is over the thing you are supposed to do and you just want some "home comfort" to refresh yourself and get your mind ready for the task. how easy is to use GO with other frameworks, let's say PHP? Would it be possible to write an application that uses PHP for some tasks, so you can benefit from the speed of GO and the the maturity of PHP? Actually, likes and shares may make people feel like they did their part and can move on. Donate, then share culture would help but if everybody thinks they are doing great job by "charity marketing" then we have a problem. Probably UNICEF has a problem so they are taking an action against it. I would not say that sharing the word is volunteering because it's so trivial that people share and like things by mistake all the time. When was the last time you heard somebody accidentally helped somebody in need? maybe charities can exploit the methods that games use? badges, avatars... something to differentiate paying and sharing users without scaring away the sharing folks while rewarding the donors. it could be very useful professional gadget for some but at this time it looks like the times when Microsoft was pushing the tablets without solving key problems. then one day the ipad came and did orders of magnitude better than all the tablets that microsoft endorsed for years. one day a company may figure out how to solve all these things and then we can have a glass that is a mass market product. the student is right because it states "into 2 pieces" which means you do one cut to an object and you now have 2 objects. this is total number of pieces = number of cuts + 1 from the beginning. probably the person who graded the question assumed that you are cutting chunks from an object, like slicing a bread. for every cut(except the last one) you get one new object, so every cut is +1 new object. if you slice the whole thing and the remaining object can be +1 piece, just like in the first situation, if you consider the last piece equal to the pieces you cut. so, +1 to the student :) this is not a plausible scenario at all. if the quantity of work done is not equal at each step the question is impossible to answer which means that the teacher is nor right, just there is a possibility to be right. but then, every answer could be right, just adjust your cutting path according to the answer you would like to be correct. before reading the article: Yay! we are in the future, finally. after reading the article: oh, it's just a steerable parachute powered by a propeller attached to a something like a car. I guess this is how sensationalist headlines work. Very well said. In my not-so-democratic home country, in many businesses the norm of doing business is not strictly by the law and the government turns blind eye on this as long as you play the ball. Whenever somebody upsets somebody in power, the might of the legal system crushes them without touching their cooperating competitors. It is completely legal way to silence anybody who you don't like that much. The non-profits are even more exposed. We even have a mayor who tried to demolish the campus of a prestigious university that issued reports about contamination in the drinking water, putting political pressure on the mayor. After some media circus(the mayor sent bogus samples to be analyzed but when university took the samples by itself, the results were much different), somehow he found an irregularity in the papers of the buildings and issued an order to for demolishing the 60 years old, architecture awards winning campus. Thankfully the court decided that destroying the university was not in benefit of the society and blocked the order. I have to note that this happened in the capital of the country, the irregularity was that the drawings were not in the exact same scale that the town required and somehow the legal system proceeded so quickly when lagging for years to prosecute many scandalous building projects of some friendly businessmen. it's about giving Yahoo a new chance. nobody likes yahoo, people think it's an outdated company that screws up everything. but marissa brought a new hope as she is a beloved ex-googler and people want this to work out, thus it's not yahoo that bought tumblr, it's marissa. she is the one who is doing exciting things, not that outdated loser that screwed flickr. didn't msn messenger came with windows pre-installed? this means that your non-tech savvy friends have an incentive to use it, just like the internet explorer. "hey John, I want to chat with you over this internet thing" John likes Jane and wants to talk to her but she is not comfortable with downloading and installing programs. She noticed that there is an app which name suggests that it is for messaging, she clicked the icon, answered the questions and created an account. Now the tech savvy John has to create msn messenger account to talk to Jane. All the people missing from ICQ are on msn messenger now and those on ICQ can easily create a msn accout. At first both msn and ICQ run side by side but msn messenger has all the people from the ICQ while ICQ lacks many of the friends. Why bother to use ICQ? the starting sound is not good enough reason and the RAM is scarce resource for many. so, don't run ICQ all the time, only when you need it. Msn catches up with the features and people don't have reason to use ICQ anymore. you can switch to some other network if you have somebody to interact there. also, many hated ICQ. it had annoying spam, the messages you receive from people that are not on your list. people can move away from facebook only if there emerges a network with a killer feature, builds up some core network of early adopters and the rest follows them because they know the people there. there don't have to be a middle ground. remember some posts few days ago about complaining that we are going back to 1999? well, that's because good designers try to accomplish a goal, they find a way to make a crack in their way and everybody follows. now it's a trend, people with little analytic thought say "yes, this is the correct way of doing things" and exploit the new ideas but without thinking too much about it. this results in flood of poor designs of the current trend that don't serve any goal. later, some new technology emerges, some clever designer find even better way to accomplish a goal and now we have another trend emergeing and all the zombies follow until erode it, miss use the techniques and ideas. the cycle continues all the time. sometimes a new technology or platform makes possible to take an old idea even further in solving a problem. some clever designer exploits it and now we have a retro. of course, the mass degrades it again:) no middle ground exist, it's just cycles of progress. There was an article about the IRS targeting legal organizations that are not exactly beloved ones by the government. Sure, FBI are not evil or anything but even one abuse is too much. Government agencies are build to act according to the status quo. What if the government is not perfect and there are people trying to change something but the government in power is opposing it. Ending the slavery, ending the Vietnam war, gay rights or any movement with an opposition in Washington could have been destroyed with the power that FBI is seeking. The recent decriminalization of drugs in some states could have been prevented if FBI had this power of intercepting all communications. People must have means to challenge the government with non-violent actions. Just because FBI may catch some terrorists is not good enough reason to give them all the means to preserve the status quo. I am not even talking about individual abuses that may occur, compared to society engineering, they are not that important anyway. anything client-side is never about security or consistency since no matter what you do, anybody can always send you any data they want. client side validity checking is about the user experience, I mean if the user is doing something wrong you can guide them to the right direction without the need of server interaction and server interaction is always slower that one line of client side code. sorry, I don't know such tools. you would be also surprised that there are lot's of people using IE. The fact is, you and probably most of the people here on HN are the 1%. ABP has 15 million users on firefox and 10 million on chrome. This is 25 million users worldwide, so out of a total 2.4 billion internet users ABP users are about 1% of the world population. the rest, 99% of the internet users are people who see ads. probably some of them also never clicked an ad but since the advertisement industry is a huge one, it is safe to assume that it works. the rules are listed on the page as: you nave to retweet and you have to follow namecheap to qualify again from the rules: If the deal gets enabled, your account should meet the following criteria to take advantage of the offer so it clearly says that if you want to take advantage of the offer, you need to retweet and follow actually, according to the founder's speech(in turkish) koding is more about social project management than a IDE on the cloud, just because. they hope to make money from selling servers. if enough crimes can be committed by sharing data online then the government would have enough incentive to hold complete control over the internet to prevent such crimes. these people really want total control over flow of information. though it is easy to create such a service, sometimes big companies just don't mess too much with things that are working just well and there is a room for niche products. still, it is very risky to offer a products only to someone else's users - you are out at the moment that the big company decides to implement the feature you are offering. technically, yahoo,google and microsoft(icq,myspace,friendter too) had all the resources to create most of the now popular online services like insagram, facebook, tumblr but they did not and now are buying these or compete with them fruitlessly. couldn't facebook create an app with filters? yes, but they bought instagram because of the userbase. so I agree with you that these are bad investments but only when the projects don't have something that could not be recreated with few engineers. >The Nokia devices ship with so much out of the box functionality that most people probably won't even install any if this is true, WP8 is just a feature phone with lots of features. if people are not installing apps then the developers wont build apps. according to here: http://www.internetworldstats.com/stats.htm there are 2.5B internet users. since google is more than a search engine(android, gmail, adwords and so on) we can assume that most of these users somehow interact with google services, so just adding other expenses and deviding the number to 2.5 billion would give a quite accurate result. I would say apple addressed that problem with macbook air. it feels like real computer, yet it has amazing battery and portability. what I am seeing is that people use air for the more serious jobs when sitting somewhare and their smartphone for the rest. "it feels like real computer" was to contrast it with the surface and other devices that are supposed to replace the laptops, not to imply that macbook air is not a real laptop. well, actually it seems to be at least his 2nd hire if he is not using it as a bargain chip. if he is saying the truth, he previously managed to get somebody executed for 80k. In Turkey, we have these things called virtual credit cards. You basically log in into internet banking, click a button to generate a new card, it shows up instantly, then you define how much limit it would have and you are ready to use it. For convenience you can use that card many times, just reset the limit or you can create new one if you wish. It's really good, I use it every time. Hmm, can this be implemented in JS frameworks, so that can be done with less code? you should read about: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miller_cylindrical_projection but this one seems to do what it claims to do. it's pretty scary for people who don't have decent backup system. but these same people live with the risk of losing their data due to a drive failure, so... I don't know, maybe it's not just about countries or cultures but about the current safety state in the place you are. My car broke down in Germany on relatively wealthy area(Wiesbaden, close to Frankfurt) and lot's of people tried to help me and I end up with a job and wonderful friends. This is quite cool actually. It reminds you that if your device has a sensor, it can communicate. It should be possible to communicate through a webcam and a screen when the airgapped devices are on the same room. It could be possible to communicate by accelerometer(macs has these) and inducing vibrations using the HDD when the devices sit on the same table. No, not QR codes since it would require the webcam capturing the screen directly. The screen may be used as a light source for the transmission and the webcam can capture the light reflecting from the walls... maybe, there are problems with the story. So, this is basically using the Google bot as a proxy. I don't see what Google can do about it, or does Google have to do anything at all. Just secure your website as if the attacker is not going to use the Google bot as a proxy, because well, nobody can guarantee that the attacker will use the Google bot. Google bot is nothing more than a computer sending HTTP GET request to your server, so if your site is vulnerable to HTTP GET requests why you write like there is something special about Google bot? Why? Do you want anybody but Google to hack your site? Why would Google spend resources on unnecessary detection of SQL injection(which probably will not be perfect anyway and may break legit requests) when anybody can hack your website? I just can't justify why do you expect Google to spend resources on not running bogus HTTP GET request when anybody can run those? What is different about being hacked by Google bot and being hacked by an unsuspected user who clicks on a bogus link that was put on the same page where Google found that link to your server? Just doesn't makes sense. From what my parents told me, during the communist Bulgaria people have been quite happy with the "jobs assignment" process. After graduation from college and if they are not going to continue their education they were given a list of available positions so they can pick few and they are placed according to their grades if there is a competition for a given position. On the other hand, the less meritocratic positions(like blue collar jobs in factories) were often subject to placement-by-bribery. Many would like a position where they can steal stuff for themselves. The seemingly meritocratic system gave them feeling of security but obviously the system was not working that well so the communist state collapsed and when it did, my parents lack of sense of the capitalist system left them in a limbo state. Those stealing, bribing folks did quite well in the communism-to-capitalism transformation period but many well educated people could not adopt and moved to well established capitalist economies where the meritocracy existed(at least they were finding jobs based on their credentials). However, at least my parents, never grasped the idea of entrepreneurship. They just don't have the basic instincts for doing a business and they failed miserably when they tried to start one. They are still working for other people. If the North Korean government fails, probably the turmoil will last for generations, until new culture emerges through a new generation of young people who can have an idea about how a capitalist society works. PS: We were from a discriminated minority, so maybe it was easier for the native Bulgarians however the North Korea seems to be much worse even than the last days of the communist Bulgaria. Electrical Engineer & Obstetrician Those permissions are just like an "EULA" or any other legal writing that the users just skip as fast as they can. This is why I switched back to IOS, I had really hard time finding apps with permissions that are not ridiculous. Whats worse, most of the people I know just didn't care and used these apps, making em popular and high rated. IOS as awesome in this regard, after all, my phone is the most privately used device. I think am not a paranoid type but I am not O.K. with somebody out there accessing my location and contacts. I am actually surprised we don't have big scandals with rough apps spreading all kind of private data all over the internet. I made this one when I was trying to learn JavaScript: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/budaneki/ It's an on-the-page look up and translation extension, I believe it was the first of it's kind when I made it and didn't use any JS framework but pure JS. I am kind of proud of it. Still have users regularly asking me to implement it for Chrome :) why not? it would be just like selling contraband cigarettes for the small guy. the big shots probably can just move to another market since they have a know how of dealing illegal stuff.