F8 is Facebook's developer conference, not their platform. Their platform, surprisingly enough, is called Facebook Platform. Check out http://www.pequrl.com It's by a friend of mine and not super pretty, but it works! I'm down for a San Francisco meetup Anyone from SF driving down and interested in carpooling? Interesting idea...just for reference, I ran it on a recent blog post of mine: http://www.ryanwaggoner.com/2008/08/how-simple-is-too-simple... (sorry for the spam :-) Overall, I would say that it was most useful when it was pointing out things like passive voice or cliches, and less useful when telling me to replace relatively simple words or phrases with even simpler ones. Some of the words were things like: "feedback", "solicit", "desire", etc. We could certainly replace these with "opinion", "ask for", and "want", but some of the meaning and nuance is lost, especially given the context. I may not be the most eloquent writer, but I'm not writing for a group of 4th-graders. The "dumbing down" of language leads to dumbing down of thought in the long run. That has to be really frustrating as a developer, to know that you could probably prevail in court if you could afford to defend yourself, but since you can't (and they know you can't), the mere threat of a lawsuit is enough to make you fold. Any sympathetic attorneys out there who might want to help the guy out with a bit of advice at least? Sweet...see everyone there! Whew...I was readying my signs to join the Googlers on the picket lines to show solidarity through this difficult time. "But I don't want to be a pro writer of trash novels that are read and discarded on the beaches of the world," he retorted. Given the choice, I'd much rather write the kinds of articles you see in Scientific American or the Economist. By writing for the masses, you must write for the lowest common denominator. No thanks. Give that guy a Klondike bar. Seriously, can someone please give this guy some pro bono legal advice? It would be a shame to lose this just because he didn't know for sure that all he needs to do is change the name. The author is naive if he thinks that this initiative is going to wipe out all the for-profit ventures in this arena. I enjoyed counting up the logical fallacies and incidences of circular reasoning throughout the post, though. That completely sucks. I can't believe that some company thinks they're entitled to what a developer built in his spare time, using no company resources (assuming that's the case, of course). Fuck being owned by some piece of shit corporate machine. I feel like I read somewhere that these types of agreements are usually not enforceable in California, but Freewebs looks like they're headquartered in Maryland (though SGN is in CA), so it might depend on where he was working when this occurred. Regardless, it sounds like bullshit. Hope he fights and wins. You do what you did: you quit. You will never get rich working for someone else. You may make a few million over the course of years, but without ownership, you'll never build true wealth. Chalk it up to learning, start your own thing, don't look back. Or come and work for me ;-) It comes down to petty greed. But it's even worse than greed. It's unbridled greed with no integrity whatsoever. Why build something solid that adds value when you can steal it from someone else who toiled and risked to do so? starting a business with friends and hiring friends are two different things. Looks awesome...great job! "However, they are also potentially gaining a sale from a user who would have not normally purchased their music, but downloaded and decided to buy." The analogy breaks down because music and other forms of media are just pure information, so there is no reason to buy it if you already downloaded it, especially as the friction of obtaining an illegal copy is reduced to zero. I'd like to see some evidence or indication that this is deliberate on any level. Isn't this what Gnip is doing, except that Gnip's solution is readily available to anyone who wants it? In fact, I believe Gnip uses XMPP to push notifications to data consumers, which seems even more efficient. Am I missing something? whoa! that was...unexpected. Whoa...those are some pretty nifty ideas. Sign up for a preview of BlueSwarm.com ;-) Got it. So this is designed to be the piece that allows publishers to easily integrate with intermediate services like Gnip, or with aggregation services like FF, SocialThing, etc. Buying a physical copy of a book is a little different, as it does offer some additional benefit (in terms of portability, different medium, whatever). However, let's say that your argument is that some people will like the author and "buy" a copy of the music they already have, even though that copy offers zero additional benefit to the consumer. That's a donation, not a purchase. I wish more clients realized this and were comfortable with such an arrangement. It does require a great deal of trust in your developer, though. Ugh...I hate Forbes.com with all their ads and janky crap. here's a slightly more bearable version: http://www.forbes.com/2008/08/27/microsoft-google-browsers-c... Create something you care about and have fun doing it...you never know where it will go. And don't worry too much about having the "right" background. The great thing about the web, and technology in general, is that it enables people without the right background or pedigree to turn the world upside down. Just go do it. I agree with several of the author's points, but I'm not sure the case is made clearly enough that this would be an advantage. Perhaps some examples of the architecture would help. Also, I'm not sure that #2 is a benefit of such a system over any other offline client. And if you want offline access to web-based apps, products like Google Gears seems to be the way to go, rather than yet another client app. The one about thinking that they needed to move really fast reminds me of one of my favorite quotes, recounted in "The Dip" by Seth Godin: "We knew that Google was going to get better every single day as we worked on it, and we knew that sooner or later, everyone was going to try it. So our feeling was that the later you tried it, the better it was for us because we'd made a better impression with better technology. So we were never in a big hurry to get you to use it today. Tomorrow would be better." ~Sergey Brin (cofounder Google) That's a crazy mentality to have, and stands in such stark contrast to most of the frantic behavior of startups today. Take your time and build a great product. definitely some downsides to this service: -inserts ads -your users must signup via the zeep mobile panel -all messages are sent and received from the zeep shortcode that being said, there are no volume restrictions, and free is a powerful motivator, especially for side projects or hobby apps. Oh, it's not going to stop us, or even slow us down. If anything, having responsibilities like a wife and kids has focused our energies on what's really important to us. I was just curious as to how YC might view things like this. Awesome...exactly the kind of stuff I was looking for. Thanks! Hmmm...not sure that anyone would characterize founding a web startup as "safe" ;-) Hmmm...I understand what you're saying, but you seem to be presenting a false dichotomy where the only two options are starting a web company or a restaurant. For the vast majority of people with kids, the "safe" option is getting a good job that pays well and offers good benefits. It's also a bit disingenuous to say that if your web business fails, you lose nothing. Perhaps that's true for a single guy who is starting a company with some friends, but for the average married founder w/kids, there is a significant investment that will need to made in the form of time spent on their startup, as well as mental and psychological energy. Not to mention any cash investment, and the lost income that could have been earned with the time spent on the startup. If you fail, there is a cost. A little defiant, eh? I like it. When is it ever worth not applying? I'm sure that certain things hurt your chances in YC's eyes, but hopefully they don't have such blinders on that all of those things are immediate deal-killers. I feel that the exercise of filling out the application is useful in itself, and if they pass, no loss. I disagree with the premise that anger towards VCs isn't warranted. The author paints a picture of the VC as an innocent victim of changing times: "VC doesn’t have a greater share of bad actors than the ecommerce or gaming sectors. Large-scale, software VC is simply a formerly great business in decline, and there are a lot of good, smart people who haven’t made in VC yet who are worried about their (and their families’) economic futures. It’s not evil — it’s their job and they may not feel they can switch." Those poor VCs who have no other career options available to them, and must therefore resort to squeezing every last drop of blood from entrepreneurs who don't know any better. I absolutely believe that there are some fantastic VCs out there, but anger against the industry is only natural when you've been screwed over like some of these companies have. Well, that's a personal decision, obviously, but your post didn't say anything about you not applying because you didn't want to be away from your family, just that you didn't think YC would accept you because you have a family. Agreed...I walked away twice from a fledgling startup that wasn't willing to offer me fair terms. The first time, they offered equity that was barely in the single digit range ;-) Neither of the other two founders are technical people, and they can't afford to hire someone, so I found this pretty laughable. They came back with a much higher percentage, but they wouldn't agree to me getting the same vesting arrangement that they were getting / would get in a future round. So far, they've not really gone anywhere since I walked. another reason for companies to not store your data forever. Would freebase work for what you need? Judging from a lot of the management I've observed, even augment is probably a bit optimistic. I can see several issues with this approach: 1. The article paints a picture of a world where "management" basically becomes a role of data-entry and adjusting some parameters and constraints until the system tells you what to do. It seems unlikely that managers are going to support such a system. 2. The system can only do so much to take the human factor into account. The author of the article compares this system to efforts by IBM over the last few decades to apply similar research efforts to supply chain management. But people aren't widgets in a global supply chain operation, and are unlikely to appreciate being reduced to an interchangeable commodity deployed by an algorithm. 3. The system is not allowed to use personnel files, including performance appraisals, in the analysis. It would seem like this would be one of the richest sources of actual data in the system. I still think the approach has some value and is definitely interesting, but I'm not sure that it will have the impact that they seem to expect. Where's the space elevator? I think that's true to a certain extent, but I also tend to subscribe to Ray Kurzweil's theory that futurists overestimate the pace of change in the short-term and underestimate the pace of change in the long-term. The reason for this is that the pace of change is not constant, but is increasing exponentially, as new technologies enable more rapid iterations of development and market adoption of even newer technologies, and so on. However, this exponential trend is difficult to grasp from our perspective today, so futurists tend to extrapolate out the current pace of change into the future (along with a healthy dose of optimism), when in reality, change is accelerating. Create something awesome that people want and need, whether it's a product, content, or a service. I'm not saying that "if you build it, they will come", but the vast majority of the blogs, companies, and personal brands out there vying for attention are copycats, peddling the same tired content, commentary, and poorly-executed ideas. Another sweet site in this same vein is http://mobaganda.com This guy's analysis is basically this: they won't be able to do it. Also, his assertation that a touchscreen doesn't add much value to a web browser is nonsense. I love browsing on my iPhone, because it's intuitive and easy to navigate. But browsing on my blackberry was annoying as hell. Scrolling through all the links on the page to get to the one you want is a horrible user experience. I'd say that $250 - $300 is a more realistic price range for this thing that they're building, but let's see what they can pull off. A keyboard for this kind of device would be stupid. If that's what you're after, just get an Eee. And browsing the web without a touchscreen or some kind of pointing device would be a horrible experience. They've got the concept nailed for the most part...now the challenging is building it for that price. Let me sum this article up for you: C++ sucks...blah blah blah...Java sucks too...blah blah...every OOP language sucks...blah blah...philosophy crap...blah blah blah. No solutions, just bitching about how everything sucks, wrapped in enough pseudo-intellectual bullshit to drown a mule. Agreed, though they shouldn't be allowed to label that access as "unlimited". Also agree with the poster below who bemoans the monopolistic nature of broadband. Many markets have only one or two viable options for broadband internet access. Question: are you guys offsetting Google's server usage as well? And if not, why wouldn't I just use Google? Seems like it's better to avoid using extra energy in the first place, rather than using and subsequently offsetting it. Side note: damn Alex, you've got quite the academic resume ;-)