You're off by a factor of ten. Preindustrial was ~280ppm, current is ~400ppm, so we're responsible for about 30% of the CO2 in the air right now. "Coming ice age" was mostly the press, not the scientists. Attention-grabbing headlines without a connection to reality; "fake news " isn't new. I also wrote to my MP (and to one of the ministers above her). The response was a wall of polite non-comprehension. I'm leaving the UK because of this act. Brexit doesn't help (Brexit probably means we can't fight the act in the EU human rights court), but this act is so bad, it is such technologically illiterate bull, it will /at best/ do nothing and at worse expose the nation to criminal hacking, blackmailing, and identity theft. > subversive or criminal activities My standard counter-argument to this is "drugs". Drugs are a sufficient bug-bear to be used by the UK government as justification for invasive surveillance, but there are so many drug users in the UK that if they tried enforcing that law they would bankrupt the nation three times over from each of prosecution, building and staffing sufficient prisons, and the sheer number of people in prison who would then not earn any money or pay any taxes. And that is just from a thing the government uses as its justification for the surveillance power it now has. While it would probably be relatively easy for Apple to move to London, I think the British stance on privacy (Investigatory Powers Bill etc.) would make Apple less interested than one might expect from simple tax rules. Then there are all the Brexit related questions about export of services, and I have no idea at all how that might or might not change things. Every time I take a photo of the night sky, I'm lucky if I can see a single star. And that's without having the exposure levels set so that I can see the ground as more than a featureless white washed out expanse of light. > That level of detail would take huge computational power and software. It takes zero computational power and zero software. We've been able to fake stars since 1650. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planetarium It would have been utterly trivial in the 60s and 70s, even without a massive planetarium, just using multiple exposures. 'cause that had been known about since the "fairies at the bottom of the garden" photos of the victorian era. Stars in the background of the Apollo footage tells you nothing, at all. The photos of the footprints, from an orbiting lunar reconnaissance probe, says more. https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/images/584398main_M... Edit to correct spelling, fottage->footage Given the cost of laser diodes is now pennies, how much would it cost to target every window in a city? I'm imagining drones putting sensor domes with ~100 laser diodes each on top of existing street lights, using in the order of a few watts from a small solar cell and battery to do basic signal processing (most windows will be silent most of the time) and uploading anything possibly interesting over a standard mobile data connection. Then process the possibly interesting signals with a voice-to-text system similar to Alexa/Siri/Google/Cortana and now there's a searchable text database of everything spoken next to a window in a city. That would be, what, mid tens to mid hundreds of millions of £ for London? Compared to the annual budget of £3.24 billion? edit: possibility->possibly I suspect the "wizards" are likely to be those who own the means of production. To back up your point, they already have been: * https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran–U.S._RQ-170_incident * https://www.theguardian.com/world/2009/dec/17/skygrabber-ame... If I have been correctly informed, because psychopathy (and narcissism?) are over-represented in positions of power. I would assume that the Democrats (as a non-American, what's up with calling them 'liberals'?) being out of power for four years will make them literally incapable of being why Trump fails to solve these problems. Hi, Great Britain here. Our southernmost point further north than all of the contiguous USA, and we've stopped burning coal for the first time since the 1800s this year. Not permanently, but considering that coal was our biggest power source in 2013, that is an enormous change. Well, Heisenburg uncertainty becomes more relevant the colder you get. In this case, [uncertainty in position] * [uncertainty in momentum] >= ħ/2, so something with mass but no kinetic energy would be everywhere in an infinite universe with equal probability. Sounds about right to me. Wikipedia's list of Orders of magnitude (temperature)* shows atomic waves being coherent over centimetres at 10^-15 K, and a 10^8 difference in temperature is a 10^4 difference in momentum — which fits μm to cm. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orders_of_magnitude_(temperatu... That's fair. One person on their own can only do so much, so on a personal level "buy as little as you can while staying happy" (or "save as much as you can and retire early") are good things. These are good for individuals even if we are wrong about climate change. Cars, for example: When you buy a car, the car maker realises there is demand for cars and makes more cars. If you buy cars less often, they makes less of them, putting less CO2 into the air. Your English is good, by the way. While "meteorologist" is a scientist who studies weather, and "climatologist" is a scientist who studies the climate, even many native speakers get "weather" and "climate" mixed up. It's how far your car goes on 102 gallons of gasoline. Edit: 102 US gallons, which are different from UK gallons. Check what happened in the UK in 2016 for the first time since the Industrial Revolution. And then look how far north the UK is compared to the USA. If the UK can do it, almost every nation is guaranteed to be able to do it. (Those that aren't guaranteed, have other options). Solar's the cheapest these days. The rest are only backups. Maximising my MPG rating was a sport for me, until partner crashed the car. I managed 75 MPG (UK gallons) reliably. I sold the replacement car as soon as I could once she moved to California, went back to just cycling (I live in the UK). For a few days in 2016, the UK burned zero coal. This is was the first time on record, and those go back to the first coal fired power station in 1882: https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/may/13/uk-energ... Edit: Yes I do know this didn't continue permanently, but as recently as 2013, coal was the UK's largest single source of electricity. Change is faster than most people realise. :) Thiel may blow a fuse if he realises quite how many Culture references Musk has been making over the years. :) This may be a dumb question, but… The Pi does have a GPU. Nothing amazing, but better than the CPU. Given this is public knowledge, why is the GPU being ignored in comments like yours? Cost is not the only concern, if it was then all cars would be the most energy efficient possible and Hummers with similar fuel efficiency to small Cessna aircraft would never have been made. I disagree: even with purely factual information, neither lie nor rumour, it is possible to create a biased impression by leaving out related information. Purely as an example, "The current US President ordered his troops to fire on American citizens" may sound outrageous, but make sense when enarged to "American citizens who have joined the Army, as part of a live-fire excercise in Texas". (I'm not familiar with how live fire excersises work, this may be a bad example, but I think it still illustrates the point even as a straw man — the point is only that withheld information can radically change the ethics of even true statements). Hi, I'm British. The USA literally only exists because the founding fathers committed treason against my ancestors. I expect the first species that is physically capable of colonising the stars will /only just/ be capable of it. They are, but we probably want lots of hydrogen anyway. I don't know if we can easily substitute methane with hydrogen in gas power stations or gas ovens, but it is certainly possible . And the next fifteen years of Moore's Law will take that down to, what, 1 GPU month even without further algorithmic improvements? Which are anticipated? I still see things that use 2-digit years, twenty years after the last millennium bug should have been fixed. What source of information should be provided to a person who has written to the effect that they distrust the media? I'm not writing that to be funny, it's a serious issue. Also applies to climate change deniers who refuse satellite data and moon landing deniers who deny everything from NASA… not that I wish to imply any overlap. In what way is a monarch's taxes different from someone receiving rental income from inherited property? I'm in the UK (temporarily still in the EU). We have a single payer health system, much loved by the general population. However, it is also being systematically underfunded by the government, who are mostly getting away with blaming "health tourism" of foreigners rather than suffering from their own policies in elections. (This is why there was a bus with "£350 million per week" written on the side in the referendum: the NHS is really popular, and it's easy to blame outsiders). In principle, the NHS covers me when I'm anywhere in the EU, by paying for local treatment. In practice, it's not identical quality treatment, and there are edge cases. I suspect that the NHS will disintegrate under the pressure of Brexit, but on e other hand I'm extremely pessimistic about the whole thing and half the country thinks it will be great. Interesting, I did not realise that. I honestly don't know how the finances of different parts of the NHS are run (Hospitals, Primary Care Trusts, it's just jargon to me), has it ever been closer to the Canadian system than it is now? On the one hand, if each coin is worth 1/10th its cost, nobody will mint them. On the other hand, if each coin is worth 10x as much as it cost to make, people make their own and the price collapses. That applies equally to gold coins as bitcoins. I suspect bitcoin is, in its current form, incapable of replacing a major currency, because if it become a dominant currency then someone would beg, borrow, and steal just enough bitcoin to buy just enough compute power to get half of the bitcoin computer pool, from there using their new power to double-spend their way to getting even more computer power (while blocking other transactions that might try to out-bid them), and ultimately using that power to rewrite the consensus reality of the blockchain to say they now own as much as they want to say they own. Even if the bitcoin wiki is correct to expect no rational miner will attempt this, there are plenty of irrational actors when enough money is dangled in front of them, even when it is only a mirage (citation: every lottery). Video games covers a very broad market, but the race to the bottom in price in some segments seems to have been followed by unproductive time sink mechanics made by people who didn't realise (or perhaps didn't care) that Cow Clicker was a parody. I've had to put the kongregate minigames site into my own /etc/hosts file as 0.0.0.0 to stop myself playing the "Idle"/"Clicker" genre. Positive games do exist, but they are thinner on the ground than they used to be. I think. Out of interest, how close are formal methods to the mathematical standard for proofs? VDM-SL was part of my degree, but the lecturer ended up showing more limitations than strengths by getting his own example wrong, and sadly I've had no real-life experience with them because none of my career to date has involved things that need to be proven correct. Former empire. Yes it's still rich, yes the boundary of the bottom 15% of the UK is the same as the top 9.7% of the world, but most of the former empire violently rejected the UK in the second half of the 20th century (and most of the rest before then). This collapse caused economic damage that was solved in part by joining the EU, so yay irony for bringing up the long-gone Empire just as my leaders are trying to get it back. ;P For the rest of the world… In the last 70 years, Ebloa and HIV were not only discovered but so were partial treatments; Smallpox has gone from "a vaccine exists" to "wiped out"; Rinderpest didn't have a vaccine and has been wiped out; Polio has gone from no-vaccination-possible to almost eradicated (37 cases in 2016); Guinea worm — mostly affecting the poor — has gone from multiple millions of cases per year to 25 individual cases. For wider medicine: the first organ transplants were kidney in 1950, pancreas in 1966, heart and liver both in 1967, ovary in 2005, penis in 2014; DNA has gone from "???" to fully readable and partially editable; ultrasound, pacemakers and IVF were invented, and antidepressants have improved. In industry, robotics relies on computer power, so I disagree with anyone who dismisses the development of computing power; likewise, telecommunications have gone from "phone calls within your town are expensive" to "let's have a live video chat across 8-time zones". The entirety of high-temperature superconductors happened after I was born, never mind going back as far as 70 years; Kevlar, Nomex, and carbon nanomaterials were all made for the first time in the last 70 years. The poor of the world don't have everything we have, with the exception of vaccines for illnesses we wish to eliminate, but even the stuff we discard often contains things that could not be bought at any price 70 years ago. > most of the creatures that thrive don't have what we consider intelligence, so it's not that evolutionarily important I dispute that this is because they don't poses intelligence. Whenever we find an animal displaying some ability we had said required intelligence — language, tool use, self-awareness, solving abstract puzzles, driving a car — we seem to change our definition of intelligence. Just like we have done with A.I., although probably because we want to eat the former and make slave labour of the latter. ;) (Am vegetarian, please don't eat me, oh robot overlords!) That has to be an oversimplification, else all the companies would have already moved. Suspect that "I am used to things as they are" is a powerful incentive to keep business, not just citizens. (I say this as someone trying to move out of the UK because of the combination of Brexit and the Investigatory Powers Act: moving is extremely unpleasant). I'm one of the soon-to-be-expat Brits. Like Herr Pierzina, I'm also troubled by the IP Act. Moving is really not fun, but move I must: the IP Act is unconscionable in many parts, and Brexit takes away one of the few powers that could fight those parts. Two Home Secretaries in a row that just don't get encryption. My time is split between finishing my novel, learning German, and trying to catch up on tech that came out while I was writing. I considered Silicon Valley until I realised how different UK and US politics are. Extreme right wing in the UK is a bit to the left of Obama. If the EU does collapse, I'll consider Canada. If Greece could have solved their problems the same was Iceland did, they would have done so. The reality is Greece was economically dependent on a lot of business that stopped when the Credit Crunch hit, but Icleand had relatively small problems with three banks defaulting after a bank run and loss of access to credit, about 10% reduction in real-terms GDP. "Relatively small", because UBS was warning the Greece faced hyperinflation, military coup, civil war — and that was just from leaving the Euro and revaluing their currency in an orderly default where they didn't have to repay everything. It's not just the EU that told Greece what to do, the IMF is part of the Trokia. Oui, aber mit Deutsche, kaj Esperanoto, και Ελληνικά, I think my philosophies may be broader than most. More seriously, I know I would be surprised if more than 5% leave willingly. I don't want to go, I just see no choice. Our collective departure will probably boost the wages for developers who do stay in the UK, but by how much, and against which currencies I would not dare to say — economics is an expert level subject, of which I know only the basics. Sounds a bit like the British democracy to me. How many Brits know that bishops sit in the house of Lords? Some know, sure, but many? How many of us know what the Privy Council is and who the members are? What powers are purely ceremonial and which have teeth? Why can't MPs resign like normal people? How and why there is judicial independence from parliament seems to be news to the Secretary of State for Justice, if she doesn't know how it works what hope do the general population have? Even how laws are passed seems to surprise people — "The Lords might disagree with us? Abolish them!" — to say nothing of the difference between primary and secondary legislation. The UK has a constitution, but it's not written down in one place for convenience and understanding, it's spread over time-worn ritual, over the Queen's Speech and slamming doors in the face of Black Rod. Although I expect some improvements to be possible, I doubt it's practical to do the sort of large-scale transformation that would really make a difference. I mean, I keep reading stories about how famous corporations have terrible codebases which they can't fully fix it, and we're in a domain where deployment is trivial amd doesn't literally cost the time of the entire legal profession to familiaise themselves with the changes. I'd love to be wrong. The saying "ignorance of the law is not an excuse" is necessary, yet at the same time not possible when the law is as complex as it is now. UKIP MEPs rather famously don't bother to vote in the EP as much as other MEPs. One gram would be about as bad as the Nagasaki nuke, so not that terrifying. Sure, it's bad, but I only sometimes lose sleep over all the nukes, so… Any ? Certainly. How much I would not want to say — my opinion is that UKIP created the dissatisfaction that they fed upon for votes. But that's just opinion. I sympathise, but I seriously recommend looking at the UK government's attitude towards encryption and privacy before you jump here. They mean well, but… well, the support material for the IP act reads like their understanding of the internet hasn't changed since 1998. Part of the Investigation Powers Act is that particular ISPs will be required to store an unspecified dataset related to your browsing history for 12 months, and that they have to keep secret the fact that they are doing so.