Joel is light on the technical details. He's old enough to remember when C was going to be the language for everything. But not guru enough to mention or properly analyze anything else from that time. (Eiffel, Forth) Joel is just one of the mainstream programmer sheeple, just louder and with a bit of panache. Dvorak has enough balls to make a prediction. Does that make him clever? There's no fundamental reason why the iPhone couldn't have Android as well, or at least some level of compatibility. Also, if Android = DOS, I note that DOS did not end up a big win for IBM, who made the hardware. In fact, DOS was one of the standards that helped to turn hardware into a commodity. The screen technology developed for the OLPC has the potential to benefit mobile devices tremendously. A multi-touch pad the size of the OLPC would kick-ass. Interactivity is what makes electronic devices compelling. It would make the Kindle look like a clunky thing from the Victorian age by comparison. The semantics of that are no different than a case statement. (Unless this is in a performace-critical loop, and you'd gain something though a compiler optimization of the case statement.) You're equating using case statement syntax to good programming? That's the best example you have of a "mess?" That makes me suspect that you don't think about programming at a very high level and that you like making largely arbitrary changes to code for (unacknowledged) ego-driven reasons. Array indexing is just another way of getting it done. Often a case statement is going to be faster. 90% of the time, it just doesn't matter. If you're getting paid for doing such useless code changes, you might as well get paid for surfing Y Combinator news. Perhaps that's why the original programmer is a successful founder, and you're fixing the code. > You suspect wrong. Don't suspect. Ask and find out. Don't have to ask. You actually think minutiae at this level is interesting discussion. That's evidence against you. > Do you really think "faster" is what's most important? As I said before in the thread, over 90% of the time, no. Actually, more like 98%, no, so we are in agreement about nanoseconds. I only included the quip about performance for completeness. True, the array indexing code is much shorter. That can be worthwhile. If your project has gotten to the point that these sorts of things are actually worth your time pursuing, then you're doing very well. But that would mean that all your bugs are fixed, there are no more pressing architectural issues, and there are no highly demanded bits of new functionality to implement. In other words, your project would be practically dead. Reducing a 600 line subsystem to 100 lines would be a big deal. Reducing 12 lines to 2? Nope. It runs. Reducing 12 lines to 2 in 500 different spots around your codebase? Well, if that's the case then I'm sorry that you have to put up with that all over the place, but at least it's correct. Again, if your highest priority is cleaning up stuff like that, then you probably have it easy. Too easy. He just posts a basic code snippet and then says "good luck figuring that out." Seems like he's just appealing to those who don't know and who don't want to know, but who are happy to have some blogger confirm their prejudices. Sounds like he's lost his faith in Lisp uber-alles, but not necessarily in high-level languages or dynamic languages. It's a big missing feature in Java and Python. If programming languages are for making programming easier, then it's clearly a mistake to use just one language to write programs. Different languages are optimal for different areas of concern. Rob Pike spent 6 months writing a language optimized for concurrency, then wrote an entire windowing system in just 300 lines. If a programming language is a tool, then people have been advocating doing everything with a hammer. What if we had a way of combining many different languages, so that each area of concern could be written in the language which is optimal for it? I think one of the strengths of Lisp, is that it's its own abstract syntax tree. In some ways it's more like a substrate for implementing other languages than a conventional computer language. What if we had a substrate that let us use multiple languages together? Google Tech Talk on Newsqueak & High level abstractions for concurrency: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=810232012617965344&#... Alan Kay tried to design Smalltalk as a sort of friendlier dynamic language like Lisp. So instead of lists of things, you have named slots in objects. From one point of view, an ecosystem is the opposite of a vacuum. And yes, you should develop software in one of those. I work in a Smalltalk shop, where we extend and maintain an application that has been around over a decade. During the maintenance part of our job, it would be really nice to have type declarations on variables. For maintenance, the more dependable information we have, the better! The fewer things that can escape as runtime exceptions, the better! Not having static typing makes new development faster, but maintenance is harder. What would be ideal is an optional typing system like Strongtalk. As parts of the system mature, they would become statically typed. This gives us the best of both worlds. A problem with this, is that often the WTF go unsaid in public due to political reasons. My boss is the one who exclaims WTF the most in public. However, he generates a heck of a lot of WTF in private. Also, many of the WTF we generate are actually due to our coding around his WTFs. This is just a restatement of the Principle of Least Astonishment http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_astonishment As a consultant, I met a lot of people in organizations with very useful (but decayed) applications in maintenance mode who just were there 9 to 5 for a paycheck. They had no interest in architecture or patterns or learning more about their craft at all. To them, it was just drudgery. More shocking, years earlier in graduate school, I met a fellow student who old me, "To heck with understanding this. Just give me the answer so I can get my diploma!" She wanted to go into management. Back in 1997, I met a programming idiot. He was one of those C programmers who regarded programming as a kind of "magic." He didn't understand anything about virtual machine semantics and separation of processes. Well, he moved to Atlanta for an $80k job, which he got through connections from his church, which was also a significant increase from his IT job at a public TV station. No, the labor market is not perfect! I wonder how creationists score on this thing? What about Y^n Combinator? Y^n convinces our client's client's competition's competition to spend time thinking about meta-startups, thus preventing them from producing anything useful, which obviates the need for acquiring them in the first place. But this is only the precursor to Ackerman(Y) Combinator. But even thinking about that one makes my head spin. I still have a T22 with Libranet (Debian) Linux on it. The keyboard light was great! (Much cheaper than a backlit-keyboard, and accomplished the same thing. But I do everything nowadays on my old G4 Powerbook. There are times with a sufficiently high level dynamic language, where you can usefully and quickly pair program your high level design. The ideal platform for this is a desktop on a table (not a concave cublicle desk, just a flat table) with a wireless keyboard. The Electric Company. Spider-Man! Nobody knows who you are! Dell laptops are great if you consider maintenance and repair. I spilled a whole glass of red wine on my Dell Inspiron 1710. Order a $20 keyboard, pull off a piece of trim and undo two screws, do the reverse operations with the new keyboard, and I'm done! It wouldn't have been so easy with my G4 Powerbook! I know, because I've taken it apart a bunch of times, once to upgrade the hard drive. The thing has screws that could be used by watchmakers, and lots of them! IIRC, the application I am working on right now uses 128 bit ids. In fact, I believe that they are just randomly generated. Since each row we fetch is already quite large, the extra 64 bits isn't much of a cost, but the ability to generate new IDs without any overhead or communication between processes is very beneficial. (The app is distributed between as many as 300 machines, all of which try their best to keep in sync with each other in realtime.) We just have to be careful about how the id generators are seeded. Actually, it's not Erlang, but Smalltalk. We don't have to make sure they're unique, that's the whole point. There are far less than 4 billion objects in the system. The changes of a collision are minuscule. The VisualWorks Smalltalk JIT VM is another example. It has been in development since 1989, and it shows. I can write an infinite loop that does nothing but allocate, slip that into someone's image, start it, and they wouldn't even notice! The common practice in Smalltalk is to just extend Smalltalk so that it becomes a powerful domain specific language for your application. Most everything in Smalltalk is just an ordinary message send (procedure call) so any good programming where you Don't Repeat Yourself ends up being a domain specific language. I work in a Smalltalk shop where we get around Smalltalk's lack of Interfaces/Multiple Inheritance with State/Strategy objects. That's not so unusual. What goes against the grain is our eschewing polymorphism in that one situation, instead having case statements for the different object types. My boss prefers that because he feels it's better from a code management standpoint. The rest of us just quietly acknowledge to ourselves that it's not real OO, and play along. Surprisingly, it works well, probably because it discourages us from making those things too complicated. The frameworks/APIs used by those objects have to be clean. This is CueCat all over again? Except that the hardware for reading the codes isn't junk sent out on venture capital. It's just every already existing camera phone. Sometimes their basic science has been lacking. (Compressed air jet-boat was supposed to work by "pushing against the water"?) Though they have been improving, I've noticed. I want a version of Gmail that can run offline on my iPhone. I currently use Gmail, and it works fine with my iPhone's Mail program, but the paradigm shift between it and Gmail is a bit of a pain. iPhone's Mail doesn't have search, and doesn't organize things by thread. If someone at Google can port offline Gmail over to the iPhone, that would be two shades of awesome! Get an old 4GB iPhone secondhand as your test machine. He's right. Anyone who's been a true musician or a true artist eventually realizes that the "products" are just messages. They are not exclusively an end in themselves. They are messages about awareness. They are communications from one life to another. Really, the important thing is the life lived, and the inner life shared. This is why museums are nothing but directories or a table of contents. This is why "intellectual property" is so absurd. A musician's "product" is as much a message as someone's blog post. One hopes that the message is understood and absorbed and possibly re-transmitted with elaborations and new insights. Poor PR is one of the things that happened to Smalltalk. "Don't complain, only code," is good advice. That should also extend to: "Don't Hype." Smalltalk, Java, Python, and Ruby all made the same mistake, however. They started gaining prominence before they got fast enough. We need to stop making the same mistakes again and again. There's no reason why even a late-binding Pure Object language shouldn't run at 25% of the speed of compiled C on many benchmarks. There's no reason why programs in these languages shouldn't be widely known to be faster than naive implementations in C. In other words, capitalism is a treadmill! Even music "in and of itself" says something about the perception of sound. Note that I am talking specifically about "awareness." Not politics or philosophy. If you are a refined listener, then you are aware of these things on at least a subconscious level. I also hate it when artists and musicians spout muzzy-headed nonsense. But there are others who have had their awareness informed by what they practice. Sometimes they even have something good to say in interviews. Sturgeon's law applies here as well. Back in the day, we used to call this the [JustQuit Pattern]( http://www.c2.com/cgi/wiki?QuitSuddenly ) In E. F. Schumacher's Small is Beautiful ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small_is_Beautiful ) there is a corporation described chartered in such a way as to not get "too large." In this case, "too large" is considered to be more than 350, which was considered by some to be the upper bound for a functional "village." But the particular value of N is not important. What is important is that this corporation was chartered to undergo mitosis and divide in half, forming two new companies with an equivalent charter. In _Small is Beautiful_ each corporation would have a relationship with one being a subsidiary, which would introduce "bossiness." Perhaps the charter could be modified so that neither spawn was subservient to the other? Freakonomics covers this in their book. Realtors are motivated to do as many transactions as possible, so they are not the best negotiators. They will settle for a so-so price to get transactions done so they earn more money per unit time. There is even academic research to support this. Someone should implement Randall Munroe's proposal, so that repetitive and cliche phrases are automatically "demoted" -- which would mean that they appear on the bottom -- with the penalty getting exponentially worse, so it starts out as a mild chiding at first, then escalates. EDIT: Come to think of it, I knew this crazy guy about 10 years ago. He was so gung-ho about being "truly alive" that he tried his damnedest to never say the same 4 words twice. This made it impossible for him to give driving directions! Down voting is too easy to abuse. Reddit was being gamed in this way -- certain users were down-voting everything, which made being a new poster starting out an almost automatic karma penalty of a few points. They've made the down-vote penalty milder because of this. I taught him how to program in Perl, and when I left he was working as a Perl coder for a public television station. He also got married to a very interesting and quirky woman, so don't count crazy antics out. This review irks me. The reviewer seems to have no idea about what contributes or detracts from the performance of different kinds of apps. The most likely culprit for the slow performance is the 4200 RPM drive. The processor and 2GB of RAM should do fine for most purposes. Just having a small amount of extra accounts can make a big difference if you can down-vote stories at the very beginning. This gives the unmolested stories a big head-start. I think that reddit implemented different behavior for the first hour of a story's life for this reason. I agree the author is misinformed, though I also agree with him that relational databases suck, especially if you are doing object oriented programming. I'm not sure what is better, however. Also, most of the corporate world is firmly ensconced in the relational database mindset. This makes interacting with them difficult if you do not also "speak relational." I've been working with Smalltalk, which was Alan Kay's creation. Most implementations are not what he intended -- at one Smalltalk Solutions keynote he excoriated all of us. He said that he never intended Smalltalk to become a programming language. He wanted to create a Montessori toy for the mind. That said, I don't think that Smalltalk as a programming language is that far from what he intended. He just never intended it to stop there. Only one down-vote a week? If you reduce the frequency like that, then that's just another way of weakening down-voting, which is what reddit seemingly did to their downvotes. There is strong scientific evidence that pretty much all "Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity" is just incorrectly attributed anxiety and stress. http://skeptoid.com/episodes/4072 I went to a home improvement store to get some roller blinds cut. I needed these to be cut to exact measurements, because I have trouble sleeping. I bring the blinds to where the machine is and press the button. I note that the blade on this thing is just held on by a screw clamp to a piece of metal marked out like a ruler, so I could get any length I requested. Well, this girl shows up and tries to tell me that the machine doesn't do fractions . WTF? Is our math education so bad that we have people in the workforce who don't want to deal with 5/16ths? How long before it can perform martial arts? Give it a configuration like this one: http://images.rottentomatoes.com/images/movie/trailer/100130... I'm still using a G4 Powerbook. The aluminum mac laptops are a pain to disassemble. The MacBook Pros are improved over the Powerbooks, but you're still dealing with lots of little jeweler's screws. If that's not an issue, then I think Mac laptops are great. Also, do not drop them on their hinges. That won't necessarily break them, but they will get distorted and not close in exactly the same way again. I also own an old Thinkpad T22. I like them as no-nonsense laptops that run Linux well. But if you want something that is just put together and just works, and ultimate ruggedness and graphics card speed is not a priority, I recommend the Mac.