Cost / Benefit ratios are a big part of economics. Historically the computer market has been a bit special because the payoffs of new technology were huge and simultaneously the cost of new technology sharply and steadily declined. If Apple's customers are not still seeing those big payoffs from new technology then it becomes a game of costs. Changing a product mix every few years has its own costs - as demand for new PCs drops, these costs become harder to justify for an OEM. It is totally possible that a 5- or 10- year refresh cycle keeps engineering and support costs down enough to be worthwhile if consumers accept the technology meets their needs. New technology will still make it to the end user here, but Apple is not going to do it at any cost - they are masters of profitability. Visually both are good enough. Moving a line is 1x mouse click and a wrist flick, Borders are more work than that. Grandparent is asserting a fact (that the US rich are probably the most historically meritous group of wealth individuals in history). It is not an intuitive fact, and it isn't presented with evidence. There are two big issues: * It is very hard to gut-feel wealth distribution (eg, http://marketrealist.com/2013/10/shutdown-101-perceived-weal... ). Identifying who the US rich requires more study of statistics than most people have time for - so this assertion is about a group that is difficult to identify. If most of the US rich were in fact living quietly on family wealth from a generation ago, how would this be identified? How do we verify that these 'rich people' are indeed meritorious? They might not be. * All of history is a very long time. Although the US is technologically the most advanced nation we have ever seen, to claim that it rewards the meritous more than any nation in history is probably wrong, and suggests grandparent isn't making a point based on careful thought. We have had democracy for more than 2,000 years, the US has only been around for ~300. We haven't yet found a decision making process that works better than democracy, and a lot of people have tried. At some point, someone has to evaluate how good or bad the decisions being made by the political apparatus are. Either that person is the average voter, or it is a minority group. If it is a minority group, they are in a position of extreme moral hazard to funnel societies resources to their benefit and lock out change. It is worth reflecting that, although a lot of people complain that people are 'voting for a slogan' or similar, there is evidence (mainly the outrageous success of democracies vs. non-democracies) that the average voter does actually have some idea what is going on. It is also a subtle and interesting fact that if a large group of people are voting essentially randomly, then they will cancel out. In this way, a person voting with no thought for policy will probably cancel out another person voting with little thought. A 52-48 type margin can mean that 96% of the population had no idea, and the 4% that knew what was going on voted unanimously in favour. The point being that a vote can be sliced up theoretically so that ignorant voters have less influence than might be expected - and again, the practice of democracies suggests this tends to happen more often than intuition suggests. Democracies throw out some cruel decisions, but that usually means the interests of the voters are being served rather than democracy failing. Singularity-style outcomes do seem unlikely, in the same way a lot of exponential threats stop being scary if they turned out to be logistic curves. That said, a key counter to the idea is that humans possesses very limited real control over how they are manufactured. Even if you had a solid idea how to make yourself smarter, it seems likely you wouldn't have the tools and potential to implement that idea in practice. Humans don't even control what their own minds respond to positively or negatively. Once something like a designed computer chip is involved, that changes. The intelligence can act on itself more readily and doesn't have millenia of calorie-conserving optimisations built in. The idea being that the companies that survive will be the ones that happen to have effective systems that incentivise law abiding behavior. What struck me looking at the AlphaGo papers was how human its algorithms were - it was basically doing what a highly orthadox human player would do (pick some moves that look interesting, read as deeply as possible) and then scaling up with a completely inhuman thoroughness and accuracy. At this stage, AI wins in competitive games simply will not impress me. From here it may simply be a tour of force showing the breadth of fields AI can dominate in. After that enthusiastic agreement; poker wins are evidence for the laypeople of something I suspect most people in AI research or game theory already know - a human bluffing isn't a magic advantage in a fair game. The AI can outperform on fundamentals. Indeed, have there been any deaths yet recorded as related to Fukushima? If Australia's power problem can be solved by two billionaires on twitter for $25 million, then it isn't anywhere near as problematic as I've been led to believe. There are enough problems with the grid that any solution needs to be discussed in the context of what problem is being solved. The latest I've seen ( https://www.aemo.com.au/-/media/Files/Gas/National_Planning_... ) suggests that there is a risk of not being able to produce enough at all, let alone keep the grid stable. My read of that report is that current "Aussie Power Woes" are the ageing generator infrastructure, not grid stabilisation which was a politically interesting but otherwise relatively minor hiccup a few months ago in South Australia. In addition to those two there are cost troubles brewing related to the cost of maintaining infrastructure for power (poles & cables), and energy prices are moving upwards. May or may not be related to generators capacity, I don't know. I would like to take this moment to vent, and wave at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_catastrophic_risk . The argument that we need to do something about this waste beyond the timeframe of our civilisation is mind boggling to me. This is the only risk we seem to take this seriously - in no other arena can I recall people arguing about what something will look like in 10,000 years. What about war between America and China? >1% chance, massive potential for death and destruction. Who cares if some poor person digs into an old nuclear waste dump in 500 years compared to that? We can leave this problem to the future. If they have regressed so far that they can't detect nuclear then they have bigger problems than radiation poisoning. Threats to energy security are so much more of a threat than potentially maybe not being able to figure out how to reprocess spent fuel until it isn't a health hazard. If you regulate against selling potato chips at the market rate, a likely outcome is a shortage of potato chips. Grandparent didn't suggest a problem with protectionist regulations - simply that the regulation is the probable cause of the shortage. There is a link. Woah there! You've basically just claimed that the laws of supply and demand don't have an impact in the labour market. That requires more evidence than finding a link between pay and intrinsic motivation/job security. Nobody is going to turn down a flat wage hike - but the damage of government tax policy is it shrinks the window of "what the company will pay for" and "what the worker will work for". Now we can't measure this for sure, but theory tells us it is a very likely, if not practically certain, outcome. The issue is you won't see it, because companies will just not be offering some jobs because they experimented and couldn't offer them at a wage that interested workers. As a bonus, raises are a bit of an illusion. There is a huge amount of new money entering the system from somewhere (see https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h6/20170406/ , about 5% p.a. increase). Most wage rises in theory are to balance that out so that you have enough dollars to call on the same real resources for hours of your labour. Furious agreement that locks aren't a great analogy. I'd hazard that for most organisations locks are actually to remove temptation from employees; and the quality of the lock is largely irrelevant. A lock is only as good at stopping someone entering as the windows and doors are resistant to being removed. The advantages to locking something are: * There is evidence that the door was forced after the event * Very clear signaling of who is and isn't supposed to have access to a room. Unless serious money is spent, I would expect that locks are delaying access by a matter of maybe up to hours. If IT security were that poor, the world would look different. A better analogy would be spending the money on security guards. Currencies actually fail quite regularly (hints: Zimbabwe, Venezuela) - it makes a lot of sense to hold wealth in a form that will survive that. Maybe someone wants to claim that any individual country "will never" suffer from a currency crisis. I'll just point out that America went from Barack Obama to Donald Trump in one election then agree to disagree. Countries want an asset that can hold wealth through a crisis where the way things work radically changes. This asset needs to be: * As indestructible as possible * Easy to transport if an adversary is approaching (see also, European history :P) * Hard to create Gold satisfies these requirements really well; and as an added bonus it is nearly useless so hoarding it doesn't risk the real economy (see also; the US helium reserves and the risk to medical imaging or such when they run out). EDIT I'll add that the 'easy to transport' part is what makes this Fed-Bundesbank business so completely weird - this quantity of gold is physically quite small and should be easy to inspect and audit. Here is an argument for your consideration: Consider the concept of a business cluster, note that the city as a cluster is a reasonable idea [1]. Note that the population of Denmark does not break top 30 in a list of global cities [2]. Conclude that the country of Denmark, with its small geographic and demographic attributes, could specialise entirely in one high-margin economic area and further specialise their laws and social systems to that. Basically, 5 million people can be sustained by the excess wealth of a strong local cluster. 50 million people cannot be sustained by one strong cluster, and the different clusters may have different needs. I have no idea about Denmark, but if they /are/ clustered as a country around some high-tech industry, maybe the economically rational equilibrium to give out scholarships to support the local cluster? Maybe they are just nice people? A country with many clusters needs a one-size-fits-all legal and social system that works with all the clusters. The economic equilibriums may be different to a single cluster. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_cluster#By_type_of_co... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_cities Cynicism comes into its own when that sort of money is involved. Practically it isn't possible to become build that sort of wealth without being super-aware of the financial outcomes of your decisions. It isn't safe to take someone at face value once they can buy a PR firm without blinking. He writes a seductive argument, but it isn't very satisfying to conclude "this language is so powerful that it defeats itself". Likely there are other, more mundane reasons why the theoretical purity of the lisps isn't useful in practice. For example, the endless (bracketing). My understanding is that the power of lisp macros comes from this questionable, but distinctively lispy, syntax. And I say questionable compared to natural human scripts - none of them work from inside to out. I've seen left to right (eg, English), right to left and up to down (eg, Chinese). If there were some better known examples of what lisp macros were good for then maybe it would get better traction. But lisp macros don't seem to have an example of why they are worth that trade. Also, in the early days, C was a pretty close mirror to the underlying code execution - there was probably less mental overhead to squeezing out better performance. So I hope we all agree that meaningless work is bad, and that if the clothing is going to end up in a dump anyway then the workers should be given their pay and then left to put their feet up. That situation is indefensible. But the argument about sweatshops is pretty settled: * These people are not stupid, they would not work in sweatshops if sweatshops weren't the best alternative available. * The existence of sweatshops doesn't, in any fundamental way, prevent the development of more advanced and dignified industry. Many industrial countries have a history of slavery (eg, America) and poor working conditions (eg, England) that they levered themselves out of. * Bootstrapping an economy starting with cheap, unpleasant labouring appears to have worked stupendously well for the Chinese. This idea of needing to protect nuclear waste for 10,000+ years is absurdist. Over this timescale there are threats that are just more dangerous [1]. What about conventional war over scare energy? That is a real threat. And this argument is assuming that the next 100 years have absolutely no advances to a science that didn't exist 150 years ago. I find that unlikely. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_catastrophic_risk The outcomes can be easily enumerated. If Sleeping Beauty always answers "Heads" she will be right 33% of the times she is asked. This is pretty close to the definition of a 33% chance. She hasn't been given new information by waking up, she also knows as she goes into the experiment - "most of the outcomes where I am being interviewed involve the coin toss coming up tails". Unlike dark matter, we can measure the money. Take the M2 monetary aggregate ( https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/M2 ). Unless the US has doubled the amount of resources since the financial crisis, the value of the dollars should be reducing vs goods or assets, as the supply of dollars is increasing rapidly. Airplanes generally somewhat safer than driving. By quite a margin. Without consulting the literature, it just seems easy to believe that machine-like consistency 99.9% of the time is more important to safety than confusion in the 0.1%. > Are you suggesting these are bad things? As a local; yes it is a bad thing. I want cheap energy. Cheap access to energy is literally one of two things separating us from animals. The other thing is higher intelligence. There is room for an ideological debate on the meaning of good, but this is an outcome of regulation that the government didn't push for and that the votes would not choose if they had to tick a box. This gentleman needs to watch Feynman talking about the difference between maths and physics. Science is all about gathering evidence and the scientific method focuses very heavily on observation and testing . Basically, it is impossible to conduct science without data. Maths is data independent. More data or less data doesn't influence what maths is. Maths links the axiom and the result - once a result has been prooven to follow from an axiom, the data is irrelevant. No amount of observation or testing will change the value of Pi. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obCjODeoLVw You are referring to an as yet unsolved problem. The maths is as yet un-done! Sure, there is data that suggests it is probably true. The scientific can say there is enough data to be almost certain it is true and move on. The mathematical community cannot say for certain it is true because it is not yet prooven. Which is why they are still working on it. I would suggest that formulating conjectures based on data is specifically not maths. Some mathematicians start with data, and no doubt about it data is effective. But I'm specifically saying that that is employing a tool of the scientific community (see [1]) as a starting point before then proceeding to do some actual mathematical work. This distinction is why maths is often classified in the Arts rather than the sciences. But if you can point to a maths textbook that teaches someone "general theories" by printing 10,000 data points followed by a QED then I'd suggest it is a pretty extraordinary theory. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_method EDIT I'll throw in an example; a software consultant might be involved in invoicing for a project. The invoicing is still accounting work, even if it is being done for a software project. South Australia has a population of ~1.7 million. I'm reading this article as: * Battery ($140 million) * Gas Power Plant ($360 million) These costs are noticeable but not unreasonable. SA will hopefully turn a nominal profit, although the principle of 'if it were the profitable option, private enterprise would have done it' suggests this will be an economic drag at least in the short term. I suspect this move is a knee-jerk reaction to the power outage in 2016; so I am very interested in what the long term impacts of this are. I'm adding this to my watch list along with the German Energiewende to see where it is in 2020. It is a very interesting tour-of-force by Tesla and hopefully we discover positive things about large-scale lithium deployments. The argument boils down to this: 1) The economy is a system with some amount of money in it. 2) The money is measured (see; M2 [1]). 3) The amount of money appears to be increasing extremely quickly (exponentially, in fact). 4) The new money is not being expressed in wages. The government doesn't appear to be pushing it into the economy directly because they are taking on debt instead of printing money. If you accept this frame, then the follow up is that someone is being given a lot of money, and the question is why not change the rules so that the newly created money is given no-strings-attached to the government? [1] https://www.federalreserve.gov/RELEASES/h6/Current/default.h... I'll offer a point of clarification - and I do agree that the situation is a lot more complex than 4 dot points. That said; point 4 can stand if (wages growth + unemployment drop) I haven't checked it in America, but in Australia the M2 is growing at about 8% p.a. I'm confident assuming total wages aren't growing that fast, because it would be very visible on the ground (people getting jobs left right and centre). The new money being created is mostly going elsewhere vs wages. Speaking as a Debian user; so maybe not part of the majority, but the last problem that the world faces is not enough package managers. As far as I know, even Windows and MacOS have made moves towards implementing package managers AKA App Stores. I know iOS has it in spades. The Linux distributions have the problem of packet management figured out to their tastes. Having a _completely_ different extension/package paradigm for every major and minor piece of software is not a user-friendly approach. Very much agreeing with you in principle that punishing savers is a terrible idea. That being said, if bitcoin: * Isn't backed by government (participation is voluntary) * Is inherently delationary & encourages hoarding * Loses coins from the system due to accident (eg, people losing passwords) Then it follows that at some point we expect, say, plumbers to do actual work for someone who's contribution was that they were there buying bitcoin in 2015. It might be troublesome to get the plumbers buy-in to bitcoin specifically vs a new competitor where all participants are pulling their weight in the real world. Basically, deflation + a long memory makes a monetary system unattractive for people to buy into. EDIT: I'll point out that _so far_ bitcoin has been an inflationary currency from the point of view of number-of-coins created. That will change. It is great to see this issue (which is a pet one of mine) given fair context. I'm really glad to see someone juxtaposing: - "...the most serious nuclear accident since Chernobyl..." - "More than 18,500 people were killed ... when an earthquake triggered the massive tsunami ..." - "No-one died directly in the Fukushima disaster." Not that it isn't a disaster; just that the disaster, in context, wasn't the biggest deal that day. No worries. I see two separate disasters here, both linked. The first an absolutely devastating weather event that killed more people than live in my home town in it's entirety + caused massive damage, and secondly the Fukushima nuclear disaster (which seems to be treated separately in many cases, which the article is about and which my comment was directed at). In my experience, many people & journalists hold Fukushima up as a really bad disaster. I'm trying to communicate that I don't think that Fukushima was a disaster that warranted international coverage - the weather was. At an international scale, I don't think Fukushima is much worse than a near miss. I would be really interested to get an expert academic order of magnitude on how many people died in the evacuation due to the Fukushima disaster vs. the theoretical number of deaths if they had evacuated more slowly (say over 12 months). It frustrates me that the cost-benefits of the evacuation aren't a more prominent point of discussion. EDIT: Just for fun; I can't pretend I know anything about radiation or what the Japanese are up to; but on wiki I see things like "absolute increase in the risk of cancer(of all types) during their lifetime, of approximately 1% due to the accident" [1], " Life expectancy of the evacuees dropped from 65 to 58 years ... because of depression, alcoholism, and suicide" [2]. I'd like to know who I can turn to for an honest rundown of the risks, because the radiation doesn't seem that terrible. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fukushima_Daiichi_nuclear_disa... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_reaction_to_Fukushima... Speaking as a clueless user; closed source plugins, sooner or later, go away. Which is pretty painful. In the interim, the big grief-causers are usually closed source plugins that crash the host. Open source plugins cause a lot less grief. Typically they don't have a feature I want. Often for legal reasons and not technical, or because a proprietary vendor is fighting back (eg; video patents the first case, Skype protocol the second). The linux kernel is an example how an open-source-only plugin system works technical wonders. A very interesting case study was graphics drivers circa 2005. The closed source drivers (essentially plugins) tethered the linux community to the technically obsolete X server; and would have crippled the kernel in a similar way if the kernel devs had accepted closed source plugins. Apple did wonders driving open standards on the web with the explicit acknowledgement that popular closed source plugins were too dangerous for their platform to implement [1]. The issue here is the one Stallman has been harping on since the dawn of time - closed source is unmaintainable in an extremely profound way. [1] https://www.apple.com/hotnews/thoughts-on-flash/ Technically, I'd suggest the answer is yes. But there isn't enough money involved to warrant regulation or for a tax department to do the diligence to collect. Valve paying corporate tax on the hat sales is good enough. Capitalism is indeed complex, and something I think gets missed in the popular perception is that capitalism depends completely on things like property rights and contract law. Basically, regulation and government is strictly required and the details of that regulation are always up for debate. That said, people who talk about 'evening the playing field' scare me. For starters, armchair analysts underestimate the amount of good done by greedy people in a well created market economy. For seconds, fairness is very expensive. And for thirds, people don't understand what the regulation of the current systems does. There is no need to pronounce capitalism doomed when it has such a track record of success. Adding to this - there seems to be a lack of observable damage from nuclear accidents apart from self-imposed evacuations. Literally no-one died at Fukushima. It is the only energy disaster I know of where no-one ended up dead. This is strong circumstantial evidence that we are being too safe, because we implicitly accept a few deaths when things go wrong in, eg, coal (pollution & extraction deaths), solar ( mainly in installations not in operating), hydro (big-time risks). Going from 1 death to 0 deaths on this scale is a huge marginal cost. It almost certainly outweights the benefits. EDIT: We haven't had a solar disaster yet, but coal & hydro disasters happen and can be very bad indeed. Where are you sourcing these numbers from? The WHO says "up to 4000 people could eventually die of radiation exposure from the Chernobyl". I also have a new quote for nuclear talks: > Alongside radiation-induced deaths and diseases, the report labels the mental health impact of Chernobyl as “the largest public health problem created by the accident” and partially attributes this damaging psychological impact to a lack of accurate information. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/releases/2005/pr38/en/ I always wonder how these sort of things square away with Jeveron's Paradox [1]. To me, a stable energy/capita isn't prima-facie evidence that they are more efficient! It suggests prices are higher than they should be. I dunno, maybe I've misunderstood what energy efficiency is. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jevons_paradox EDIT: http://www.electricitylocal.com/states/california/ & using electricity price as an energy price proxy - average residential use is ~30% reduced vs national average, and rate is ~30% higher. I'd believe the "Rosenfeld Effect" is the key to per-capita use if it is the factor keeping these costs relatively high. He didn't say that - he said "Being emotionally unengaged helps us better reason about the facts". That might be wrong. I think using emotions as a guide reason can work, sometimes very well. It doesn't link anything to women - women can be disengaged and men can be emotional in the ordinary course of their day. The response to the memo is very frustrating to me; I suspect the original author wanted to start a conversation that involved Simpson's Paradox and got a response where people typed him as a misogynist. This incident seems like evidence that attempting a statistics based discussion about gender programs is dangerous - if you are wrong in your interpretation & work at Google you will be fired rather than have your mistakes explained. EDIT for clarity: not that the memo mentioned Simpson's Paradox at all, but that paradox illuminates serious risk around interpreting clear-seeming evidence. I think that those style of risks where were the original author wanted to push discussion. Are you sure that is a nuclear plant? It looks like coal to me. The big thick columns are water vapour - you are right there, but the tall thin exhausts are for carbon. They don't look like they are being used, but they are (they often don't produce anything visible even when they are running at a fair clip). But to do that they have to consider and then discriminate using the gender of their applicants. The position in your example seems to be that two wrongs make a right - discrimination favored men at some point and so discriminating against men in the hiring practice is reasonable. I strongly disagree with that position - as far as is possible that conversation has been had and settled; companies shouldn't be discriminating on gender. I dunno what the law in California is but my stance is that discriminating on gender should be illegal. Even if the people doing the discriminating might feel they have a moral right to it :P. Actually, in the US it is approximately 1 in 250,000 /assuming independence which is a bit of an assumption/. Obviously, nature doesn't know what a year is so it is totally possible that big storms come in batches. Assuming 1 in 500 year floods are independent, note the ~300 cities in the US [0]. The fact that Huston is a big city doesn't seem relevant to me, because the storm doesn't care. Much like picking a specific number plate, it had to land somewhere. The chance of there being a city in the US which has a 1 in 500 year flood is therefore 60% (300/500) each year. The chance of that city having another flood of similar magnitude in Year 2 is 1/500, because the odds are independent and we started monitoring the city in Year 1. The chance of it flooding again the third year brings the odds down to 1/(500 * 500) = 1 in 250,000. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_cities_b... We've entered fuzzy-definition territory; but I'd say it is a stretch of the language to imply Wildberger is a crank. Which you have now done twice with no references. He is unorthadox in his pushing of rational numbers, sure, but he gets through an extremely large amount of maths correctly. It is well within his job domain reflect on odd academic questions about what happens outside the world of human measurement. Just for fun; I recorded a macro in LibreOffice Basic that sets the text in a cell. This is a sample: dispatcher = createUnoService("com.sun.star.frame.DispatchHelper") dim args1(0) as new com.sun.star.beans.PropertyValue args1(0).Name = "ToPoint" args1(0).Value = "$C$7" dispatcher.executeDispatch(document, ".uno:GoToCell", "", 0, args1()) That first line is confusing and obsolete. Sun doesn't exist any more, it is two generations of branding from being StarOffice, and good luck figuring out why the service is named after a card game. Even a programmer isn't going to figure all that out without knowing the history of the project. Now in MS Office I'm pretty sure this would be something like ActiveSheet.Cells(1, 5) = "foo". There is nearly no discovery for the LO Basic equivalent 'sheet.getCellByPosition(3,16) = "foo"'. It really is worlds apart. I don't see how a moderately sophisticated user can learn to write LO macros without finding a reference manual and investing hours orienting themselves. I've seen people teach themselves to a useful standard using MS Office macro recordings. EDIT More importantly, a novice wouldn't necessarily understand that the recorded macro isn't the accepted way to select a cell. Even realising that a cell can be selected with one line is hindered by the LO macro recording. This doesn't quite go to the substance of your question; but it is relevant. At this point the US debt is pretty staggering at both a personal and national level. The 'average Joe' is, by the numbers, consuming more than they are producing. There are two ways this can be sustainable: 1) Transfer from economically productive to economically unproductive individuals 2) Net economic consumers become net economic producers. In practice, this would almost certainly look like spending less and investing more. The argument of my grandparent seems to be that incentivising the _reverse_ of (2), ie net producers to become net consumers, is a terrible idea that will make the fundamentals of the problem worse. That argument is good as a matter of principle. It is particularly relevant in the current context of America. The uncomplicate family of libraries look really great. The fellow behind them clearly knows what he is doing. I tried to get uncomplicate.neanderthal working because I was impressed by it, but eventually was scared off by the Intel MKL dependency. I'll get it all working properly some day after sinking enough hours; but I really wish there was a pure java-CPU implementation so it was a bit easier to ease into the functional mindset and prototype algorithms, learn the concepts and clear out my misunderstandings regarding how the logic fits together. I lost an afternoon to finding downloaders, reading license conditions, shell scripts, and debugging path issues when what I wanted to be doing was learning to use a new API. Basically, I think uncomplicate is great, but the library dependencies are a bit unfriendly for the novice to low-skill data scientist new to Clojure. EDIT The competition was "import numpy as np" to start learning how to do linear algebra work in Python. Is there anything here to be debated? The article quotes starting salaries that appear to be lower than for a bus driver (1) which to my view is a similar job; albeit probably with lower training requirements. It doesn't seem surprising that there is a pilot shortage. Possibly employers need to pay more and train more pilots. [1] https://money.usnews.com/careers/best-jobs/bus-driver/salary It isn't that uncommon for bad ideas to take root and influence decision making. And I'd say the core thesis of the article is that a bad idea has taken root ('inconsistencies and gaps in the accusation can be ignored because rape is terrible'). That doesn't seem interesting to me. But what is fascinating is considering the difficulties that have to be worked through to organise a rational argument in favour, essentially, of tightening the standards applied to potential rape victims. I'll show my colours and say that after the James Damore business, it wouldn't be a shock if the university fired anyone who made the arguments in this article couched in anything but the most mild terms.