Real wizards code in Reality. I think the fundamental question is whether or not people in poverty can afford to buy food to eat. Not 'nice food' but 'food', period. The answer is usually - and increasingly - a very simple 'no.' Here are stats from one food bank org: http://www.trusselltrust.org/stats Or how about being too poor to heat your home? At least 15% of households are in fuel poverty: http://www.opportunitystudies.org/repository/File/fuel%20pov... Aside from the humanitarian questions, which should be self-evident, the reality is that poverty is a criminal waste of potential. At least some of those worrying about food and heat have - had - the potential to be inventors and entrepreneurs. That's not going to be possible while the culture they live in keeps them poor. Better than Gawker style: "The finance industry decided to screw over the nation's university students. You won't believe what happened next!" They didn't need patent law, because they had princes and armies. The also had a culture in which information couldn't travel faster than a man (usually a man...) on a horse, and patentable information could only be understood by a few hundred individuals in each country, at most. One of the points of patent law is to distribute the rewards of invention, so individual inventors - not corporations - benefit from their creativity. Patent protections aren't the only element in this, but they're one element, and a lot of 20th century products would never have appeared otherwise. It's simply not historical to argue otherwise. The 21st century works differently, but with the irony that the FOSS people claim their way is absolutely correct, and no other system is workable. Sharing certainly works if you have a day job that pays your bills. But innovation is not invention. Patents were originally designed for creative inventors , not commercial packaging operations like [insert corporate giant here], or freeware mash-up/YetAnotherFramework projects. In the US at least, the system has become a joke. But just because it's broken doesn't mean that inventors shouldn't be rewarded and protected somehow. Privacy concerns. Speed. Efficiency. Mobile data costs. >You have to be middle-class or higher in an advanced economy to use their system, in real terms. True for Apple PCs (except for the Mac Mini, but most people don't buy those.) Especially true for MacBooks. Not true at all for iPhones which are available on very affordable plans in all developed countries, and are ubiquitous, even for users who are nowhere near middle class. Microsoft is in transition. The idiocy that was Windows 8 all-but killed the Wintel desktop PC market. The server side is healthy, but desktop Windows is looking very shaky indeed. For better or worse, Jobs deliberately moved Apple out of Enterprise. We can argue about why, and we can argue whether or not it was a good decision. But Apple decided to focus on consumer computing - which strengthened the consumer brand and freed up development resources, if nothing else. MS is still trying to slide into all kinds of niches. It's succeeding in a few, but failing and flailing in many. Nadella will likely be more focused than spaghetti-at-the-wall Ballmer, so we'll have to see how that works out. Azure isn't solid enough as a cloud service yet - too many outages. Server is looking good. Office is kind of old and boring now, but still does what it does. So what can MS offer modern startups that they can't get better and/or cheaper elsewhere? I guess 'population' never included the original natives. Journalism thinks it forms a cornerstone of our democracies. But then it also seems to believe that we have democracy, which we plainly don't. I like the article. It has weaknesses, but it makes some good points. The bigger issue - to what extent should the media be about political empowerment - is another question. I'd suggest current branding/advertising strategies are entirely about disempowerment, because they train consumers to think and act passively. When you believe that politics is about voting for Product A vs Product B, which is almost like a Facebook like only it lasts a little longer, then you've already lost all your political power. Traditional journalism was sometimes able to hold power to account. We're not going to that from clickbait intent/interest marketing. Can anyone imagine Buzzfeed breaking the next Pentagon Papers? So who's going to hold power to account now? And how? I also live in Europe and I've had no problem paying Linode with a debit card. >The threat from Qutbism Islamic Fundamentalism (Wahhabi/Salafist inspired terrorism) is real and intelligence organisations work constantly to prevent attacks. Is it more real than the threat from a government forcing disabled people into suicide? Or retooling 'reform' on the economy with zero-hours contracts, depressed wages, and asset inflation? If anyone was looking to protect the elderly, the young, and the incapacitated, do you really think they'd hire GCHQ, Group 4, Capita, and the rest? Oh - and we know the spooks keep personal files. This has been going on for decades. Anyone to the left of Enoch Powell was fair game - including at least one former Prime Minister. http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2006/mar/15/comment... Are you telling us this has all stopped, because Internet, and because (we're told) you never saw it personally, so it doesn't happen? How many cheap, disposable, locally-networked drone-bombs could you make for the price of an F-35? How many could you make by spending 1% of the $1Tr tag the F-35 program has cost? Manned planes are the cavalry of the 21st century. They're glamorous and dashing, but also insanely high maintenance. On-board AI will only get better. And you only need one kill from a disposable unit to take out a manually-flown enemy. >In the last sixty years, a tremendous amount of money has been poured into education. That wouldn't be the last sixty years of explosive innovation and social growth, would it? You mean the most inventive and creative sixty years in all of human history? The problem now is that universities have become degree mills and social networking clubs. The subscription fees are insane, and because education has become commoditised, and too much of the process exists to exploit students instead of educating them, the results are becoming ever-more mediocre. But it would surely be possible to make useful adult education a part-time thing, with the rest of the time spent on useful work. It's not as if there aren't enough jobs that need to be done in healthcare, infrastructure maintenance, childcare, teaching, and all the other work that counts towards social, not investor, dividends. Unfortunately these jobs are deemed 'too expensive' and 'a drain on resources' - which is code for 'we're not going to make money from them in the next six months, so fuck everyone.' Stock prices are animal herd logic, not science. See e.g. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=670404 If you believe that business should have long-term horizons and not simply be a machine for organising the maximum possible quarterly profit, stock markets in their current form are one of the least efficient ways to organise labor and capital. Inflated CEO pay is only one symptom of this. Just as an aside, I don't think ePub3 is going anywhere. Last time I looked it was an unholy mess and likely to remain so. As less of an aside, I think CC sharing and direct crowdfunding is the way things will go for creators. The only thing labels and distributors bring to the table for artists is public access, sponsorship, and promotion. A public creative network would bypass the first, support direct funding for the second, and promotion would become by fans for fans. I see no bad here - and if it means an end-run around the monopsonies and the death of the ad networks, even better. Neat idea. But if you were a time traveller, what would you use Google for, and why? I'm not convinced you're going to be Googling the future pope, because it's trivially easy to Google the current one. The possible telltales are not obvious. "so it's really hard to get a serious job in, say, software development, with just a few Coursera courses on your resumé" I think most wise recruiters will look for evidence of being smart, of getting stuff done, and of being a good fit. Unless you're in research, serious jobs are project based, not learning based. If you spend three years learning all you can about CS and making an Awesome Cool Thing, I don't think many employers are going to think 'Meh.' The situation in the UK is that degrees are getting more and more expensive and less and less valuable. It's making more sense now to go straight into work, even at intern level, than to lose three years and rack up tens of thousands in debt for no obvious benefit. If the teaching and learning were truly worth the cash, it would be no contest. But outside the Big Name universities, they really aren't. And even there, a big part of the benefit comes the networking opportunities. In middle league universities you don't get the networking, or the teaching, or the experience, or the industry connections. So what are you paying for? This seems like the beginnings of something essential. The current system is hopelessly broken and corrupt. It's not serving most students, it's not serving most teachers, and it's not even serving most employers. It mostly seems to be serving bean counters, bureaucrats, and property speculators, who are all making out like bandits. A serious disruption is inevitable. >than some imagined hurt to the economy Whose economy? I don't see how people who are working >80 hours a week are living in the same economy as the 'investors' they work for. Real spending power for most people has crashed since 2008; tech is a rare exception. How can that happen if these people are valued, equal participants in the national economy? Most EU unemployment is in the countries comprehensively raped by the IMF/EU Central Bank/European Commission cabal, who swooped in after 2008 demanding huge cuts in social spending so that the bond investors who were partly responsible for the crisis would be inconvenienced as little as possible. Greece, Portugal, Ireland, Spain and Cyprus have seen huge leaps in unemployment, underage prostitution, suicide, child and adult mortality, and drug use as a result. They used to be solid economies, with EU-wide unemployment running at around 7%. Now they're hollowed out shells. 'Employers' have nothing to do with this. It was purely a political decision, based on bad economic science (at best) and north-south racism at worst. Specifically, it's PR for nice lounges. Maybe YC can found LoungeBase[tm] - my new start-up which offers lounge services for customers of other startups. More seriously, I read Branson's autobiog recently. He likes taking chances, but if he hadn't had family resources to fall back on when starting out he would have been in jail. So that helped too. The professionals use StackOverflow. My problem with articles like this is that it ignores the fact that adults frequently act fearful and crazy too - especially when acting collectively and/or politically. You wouldn't have politics in its current forms if adult humans were fully rational and able to treat fear-mongering demagogues with indifference and contempt instead of adulation. Perhaps the real difference between adolescence and that kind of adulthood is the fact that adult craziness is mainstream and socially sanctioned, so it's not seen as crazy, while teen angst is considered proof of immaturity because it's not 'responsibly' frightened like adults are. Money is not merely a means of trading goods. Capitalist culture is essentially a Darwinian zero-sum game. Winners win big, losers lose freedom, basic necessities, and ultimately their lives - directly through a life of quasi-slavery working for someone else's benefit, and also through drastically shortened lifespan. Money is the game counter. Decisions about how much money is available, who has access to it under what circumstances, and how much freedom they get in return for that access, define the game. But they're not set democratically - they're declared by a fiat, by a priestly caste of economists and bankers who administer the game. The big difference between a Star Trek economy and this one is that in Star Trek, the game doesn't exist. Nor does the priestly caste. What happens instead is that individuals trust the culture to do everything it can to look after them, and in return the culture trusts individuals to contribute voluntarily without freeloading, or without having some kind of semi-psychotic 'use all the things' fit of pointless public consumption. It's effectively a trust economy, instead of a top-down planned economy like the capitalist system. Wait - capitalism is a planned economy? Uh huh. Didn't you notice? It's as planned as the Soviet economy was, but instead of the Politburo, the planning is coordinated by the priestly caste which sets the rules of commerce (e.g. 'corporations must maximise profits and growth at all costs, even at the expense of long-term social stability'.) In Star Trek, the economists have been replaced by planners who treat individuals like adults. The individuals act like adults, because they understand that the social benefits of volunteering time and talent vastly outweigh the personal costs, even if it costs them their lives. In capitalism individuals are forced to compete for essentials. This makes volunteering impossible for most of the population. It also turns the culture into a bear pit, and wastes a lot of energy on pointlessly damaging individual competition. >A large component of 70's stagflation was just supply shocks for oil. Why this never gets brought up, or is just brushed aside casually is beyond me. It's politically expedient to forget it - just as it's politically expedient to forget that the people causing the oil shocks and the people who benefited from them politically seemed (and continue to seem) to have some interesting relationships. Keynes is in danger of being written out of history, in the same way that dissidents like Henry George were. I'm not sure how many people realise the extent to which anti-Keynesian narratives were deliberately promoted and funded after WWII, especially in Chicago. The fact that Keynes is no longer considered an orthodox policy source is not an accident. >All statements are true, false, arbitrary, or nonsensical. And which was that? AI depends heavily on statements that are somewhat true and somewhat false at the same time. How distorted does a letter shape have to be before it stops being readable? How much does readability depend on context? How much does meaning depend on context? What if input is inherently ambiguous and noisy but there's a signal under there somewhere? As for smarts, there are different kinds: Abstract symbolic reasoning (e.g. pure maths) Using abstract symbolic reasoning to predict possible futures (physics, engineering, finance, AI) A talent for optimising choices towards an explicit goal through abstract reasoning about possible futures (all of the above, with brain-powered decision making) The same, but using unconscious processes ('intuition') that are not explicitly abstract or logical (all brain, no AI so far, but still effective) The author seems to be suggesting that the first two kinds of smarts don't necessarily translate into the second two kinds, for various reasons. And not all smart people realise this. He's in the Ecuadorian Embassy, which is beyond the legal reach of the US, the UK, and Sweden. He jumped bail because the UK was going to deport him to Sweden, and Sweden was likely to deport him to the US, where he'd be Manninged before (eventual) trial. Jumping bail isn't a crime in the UK. It simply means the gov gets to keep your bail money. If Sweden drops charges he'll be free to go, unless the UK can manufacture a pretext for extradition (always possible) or the US sweeps him off the street (also possible, but unlikely to make the US popular with European countries who are already unhappy about being spied on.) The key element is motivation. Good managers are about getting the job done. Bad managers are all about abusing the people under them to make themselves feel more important. These are not compatible goals. One of the tragedies of MBA culture is that it teaches businesses to screw over employees, customers, and often shareholders too. There's no sense of making a contribution - it's all about being the criminal with the knife, taking on people who can't defend themselves or don't even understand they're being mugged. An archipelago of lush but unstable islands prone to earthquakes and volcanoes? It's the difference between yelling at innocent people in an uncoordinated and sporadic way, and attacking them with heavy weaponry because you believe they're Satan. I'm in my 50s, and I'm having a ton of fun with this new stuff. After burning out at a startup that did everything in 68000 assembler (nice architecture...) in my 20s I'm getting back to dev work now and finding I still have aptitude and curiosity. There is a lot happening. But the change has barely has started yet. I can see hints of new shapes coming over the horizon, and anyone who thinks they're going to be needing the same skills ten years from now is fooling themselves. Imperative and functional styles have been around for decades already, it's true there's a lot of pointless reinvention (at worst) and refinement (at best) happening. But very different things will start happening within the decade. IMO the fallout after the bootstrapping will be like nothing anyone has seen before. If you want to provide evidence of a surplus of rational evidence-based policy in national and economic policy and international relations in the last hundred years or so, I'm sure you can prove my point is bullshit. But so far all you've done is call me names, which isn't evidence as most people understand it. Maybe not so ironically, it's a fine example of the kind of angry rhetoric I was talking about. >how can you explain the modern world, in which the poorest residents of the industrialized countries consider their birthright many things that the Kings of old could literally not have gotten at any price? You mean the world in which regulation and enforced redistribution of profits created a thriving middle class and spurred a boom in tech innovation? The world which started dying around 1980, when regulation began to be eroded? The world which is now over, leaving a working population crippled by debt, unable to afford basic housing even on a way-above-average salary? Tech is an exception. Kind of. Some of the time. For now. The important word there being 'exception.' What made kings kings wasn't a pile of stuff, it was the ability to set policy. How much influence do you have over national and international policy? Do you think the question is ridiculous? It's not. It's the fundamental question that defines democracy. How big is your area of interest? You? Your family? Your friends? Your company? Your country? The world? How wide and detailed is your predictive horizon? >Don't just read the propaganda, think. Don't just think and persuade yourself that you're right - research, fact-check, and challenge your own beliefs. Talk to people outside your comfort zone and usual circles. Go find out what's happening on the streets, in other countries, in the areas of the planet that are becoming increasingly inhospitable and difficult to live in. Then we can talk about the modern world means to the people who live in it. You may find not everyone is as comfortable as you are. Capitalism is a naive, wasteful way to run an economy. It explodes regularly in boom/bubble/bust cycles, it wastes human and natural resources with insane abandon, and it enforces a tacit caste system which puts a huge brake on social mobility. My iPhone is nice. So is medical care. The Internet is definitely a win. Last time I looked science and engineering invented most of these things. Capitalism tried to sell them to me, not always in a good way. Sometimes it kept me from trying to find better alternatives. (Richard Gabriel is good on this.) So I'm not yet convinced everyone couldn't have equivalent things - perhaps much better things - without having to pay a wrenchingly high price in avoidable economic instability, and questionable, sometimes corrupt, policy. I'm not sure that font choices are entirely subjective. Legibility matters, and it's not impossible that better legibility means fewer bugs and less eye/brain strain. It would be cool if there was objective research into this. (I don't know of any, but I haven't tried searching very hard.) I can't look at M+ without seeing M+. With other fonts - I'm old-fashioned and like Menlo, but I've tried many others - all I see is code. All the visual twitching - busy, busy, busy - makes me feel like I'm looking at someone's migraine. Worked fine on Chrome for Mac here, but instantly redlined my i7. Eventually there will be a Raspberry Pi Raspberry Pi. Let's hope it handles tail recursion. I made a home heating controller with temp plotting and frost alarm out of a couple of Pis. I don't think a $5 microcontroller would have run a tiny web server, tiny email server, or the plotter code that forms the core of the project. The Pi is a fine budget Linux computer. It's not fast, it's not powerful, it's not expensive. But it's fast enough and powerful enough for embedded applications you can put online without breaking a sweat. I bolted some 10A 5V relays onto the GPIO pins via a 3V3-5V converter board to switch the heating circuits on and off. There are some standard 1-wire temp sensors - docs are easy to find online. The 1-wire protocol allows for really long cabling and doesn't need external power, so it's ideal for this kind of project There's some incredibly simple Python code controlling the relays and reading the sensors, and GNUPLOT runs off a cron job to plot the temperatures to image files that get served in a web page via lighttpd. Because I don't have a static IP at home the Pi pings my Linode server with its IP address every minute, and the Pi server web pages are wrapped in an iframe that pulls them off the current home IP. The whole thing is a total hack, but it works well enough. Bottom line is I can see the indoor/pipe/tank/outdoor temps from anywhere, and the heating turns on if it thinks the pipes are going to freeze, and turns off if the water in the tank and/or room temps are warm enough. I can also turn the heating on and off remotely. It wasn't quite trivial to do, but it wasn't a hair-tearing challenge either. So far as I can tell, it was easier than it would have been with alternative boards. Basically anyone who knows beginner-level Linux server set-up and some very basic electronics should be able to build something like this around the Pi. It's perfect for this kind of embedded micro-server/controller project. Intelligent behaviour in humans and other animals shows evidence of wide-scale situational awareness, and independent, unpredictable motivation. Before you use pattern recognition (i.e. pre-defined, remembered, or improvised abstraction for invariants) to solve a problem, you have to understand there's a problem to be solved. ML seems to be doing well at pattern recognition, but that second problem - understanding what needs to be done in a situation, and why, and accurately predicting possible developments and consequences - is possibly more critical for real singularity-style intelligence. It's machine reasoning as opposed to machine learning - in the street-wise sense, not the theorem proving sense. I'm not sold. The first thing you see on Knewton's page is 'Every education leader needs an adaptive learning infrastructure'. Then you have a buzzword car crash with 'Adaptive Ontology', 'Model Computation Engine', etc. It's a good bet that most people - education leaders included - know nothing about ML. So what they see here is a page of jargon they don't understand, and some social proof (not so bad, but a bit late.) You don't get a plain English benefit statement - 'See how Knewton improves student achievement' - until you scroll to the bottom of the page and/or start clicking through to the next pages. Is this design really the result of user analytics? Did the page say something like 'We help your students learn", but that was taken down because it didn't get conversions? Bottom line - I'd be surprised if the content on this page makes it easier to sell the product to first-time visitors. (And it looks like an interesting product. But I can guess what the words mean, so I'm probably not a typical customer.) I'm open to the idea that marketing needs engineering, and vice versa. But I'd suggest that more than anything, start-ups need a good customer champion who can step outside the company culture to provide evidence-based reviews of marketing materials and products as customers see them - not as marketing or engineering want them to be seen. Analytics may not be enough, because you can't be sure you're asking the right questions and mis-optimizing for a small local maximum while missing something important elsewhere. Yes. We have the problem that the 'financial industry' is running some kind of insane MMORPG which excludes and abuses most of the population to make a fast buck. What markets should do to be efficient is invest in clever, talented people doing clever, talented things. Every step back from that is economically inefficient, because it makes it harder to create a population with deep reserves of wealth and opportunity. Games like this one are the equivalent of having someone cut in front of you on the freeway in a semi. It's not efficient, it's just banal abuse of a system that is supposed to reward good ideas and filter out bad ones. >The economics of subscription suggest a shift in incentives away from the years-long creation of 300+ page tomes, and toward serialization or shorter forms. This has already happened. For smarter writers, Amazon's distribution model killed the Big Novel model and pushed them to a cheap installment-of-the-month model. Dickens used to publish like this (not through Amazon, obviously) so it's not necessarily a bad model. But writers are notoriously bad at business, which is why mainstream publishing contracts have gotten away with being so larcenous and exploitative for so long, and why it's been so hard to make a living out of fiction unless you top the best-seller lists. Amazon changed that. A lot of authors were finding they could support themselves from self-published fiction, full-time - which was never possible with trad-pub contracts, because they give mid-list and lower writers a tiny advance, insultingly small royalties, and take up to two years to get a book into the stores after the writing is done. Those self-pub writers are going to be looking at this nervously to see how it changes the economics again. Not that they should be surprised. A lot of people predicted this. From the content of this email, it's not middle management that's the problem. This is Mammoth Management - you stomp around looking big and hairy and making trumpeting noises, and then you become extinct. You're assuming the unprofitable business will become profitable. Businesses are never unprofitable because they have too many employees. Businesses are unprofitable when management lacks the skills, the foresight, or the vision to make those employees profitable. Edit: If this isn't obvious consider what a world-class entrepreneur could do with 12,000 experienced employees, a couple of billion in severance savings, and a kick-ass idea. We don't. But the odds are good - based on hard evidence - that the absence of warrants and reasonable suspicions makes no difference whatsoever. >Many terrible arguments are for things you should do. Many seemingly perfect arguments are in support of horrible things. That mixes up the quality and sophistication of the arguers with general validity. The problem is more that decision-making - especially political and economic decision-making - isn't evidence-based. The fact that economists and politicians use rhetoric instead of reason suggests that you can't have a workable democracy without evidence-based policy. I'd go further and suggest that knowingly lying to or misleading the public should be a serious crime punishable by jail time. Lists like the one in this book aren't enough, because so few people understand there's a problem. I'm waiting for the 'Let's build a Moonbase' Kickstarter. The great thing about this book is that it's not just for Processing. It has the most accessible descriptions of vector fields, genetic algorithms, neural networks (etc) that I've seen anywhere. >The point of these complications is that you are able to travel farther and faster on a jumbo jet than on a bicycle and these journeys will take you to many more interesting places But perhaps really good tools would offer all of that without losing the ease of use of a bicycle. The problem is that current tools are working at the toolchain equivalent of assembler - or maybe C, for something like git. Tools that work at the toolchain equivalent of a good functional programming language - never mind a toolchain with useful AI assistance - haven't been built yet. Including a Cult of Personality, in too many cases. Even if it's not always wreathed around individuals, the role has been mythologized to an unhealthy, even a ridiculous extent which has allowed many CEOs to ignore consequences and accountability. But my suspicion is that in the general case, all systems tend towards aristocracy and oligarchy, no matter how they dress on the outside, and that every system evolves its own Theory of Social Privilege to legitimise and promote certain kinds of relationships and transactions and prevent others.