Your questions and answers aren't really "yours" on SE. That's the way it works. A bit unusual, but nothing wrong per se. Like Wikipedia, but that you still get credit for what you started. In my country (Norway) the seller, importer and manufacturer are obliged by law to fix or replace broken items the first 3 to 5 years after purchase depending on type of item. So warranty/guarantee is mostly useless, what the law provides us consumers is already better. Why is 6 months a more reasonable warranty? If my phone breaks down for any reason that is not my fault after 8 months, I'd expect to get a new one or it to be fixed for free. Politically, Norway is very left/socialistic. So that this "forces everyone" to pay for it is generally looked upon as OK, because one is not punished for getting a randomly faulty device. And it's great as a consumer, I get what I pay for, a functioning device. Well, the Norwegian government has decided that a phone should be expected to last for three years, a sofa for five etc. So a phone breaking down after two years from normal usage and no faults by the user is per definition a faulty device. This actually creates incentives to make more sturdy products and not speculate in planned obsolescence. > isn't it great for you as a consumer that you can take money from the manufacturer? That's not my point, and a gross misrepresentation of socialism. I know that in the end the consumers pay for it. But everyone chips in for those less fortunate to get a proper functioning device. >> doesn't seem like a game-changing difference to me The big difference here is that there is women selling these in private to other women. No man behind a counter. When the women come together about this, it may end up not being such a taboo, and they get advise on how to actually do this. So the game changer here isn't the price, but the community and independence for the women evolving around this product. That's kinda the point, though. Read the comments for that file. ;) > The other has refused to accept them, instead charging a fixed percentage service fee. Why not just show the real price in the menu? I feel offended when I've gotten shitty service and have to pay a "service fee". I also hate when my tip is what's paying the wages. Just set the price higher to cover the wages! They need to spend money on infrastructure/raw power for the interactive worm sims simulation. The code is open, so I guess that means you can host your own version if you'd like? Wow, cool that someone is sharing our project! It's for a course at my university called "experts in teams" where they combine master students from many programs in teams and give them tasks. A video with more shoots is available[1]. We got UAVs for the Norwegian oil industry as a task, and explored how they can be flown better in the future. Other teams with the same task made other cool stuff as well, for instance a custom drone for geological mapping. [2] [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANSjwWomIJ8 [2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5di01L1mot8 Ironic that your reply to a piece about strawmen is nothing but a strawman. Of course he is not meaning what you're saying, he's talking about context switching. If I have to wait 15 seconds for my tests to run, I start doing something else and my thought process around the problem is gone. I think it's only possible to up vote comments after a day or so, and no longer down vote. So when you say something controversial, the first hours you get a lot of both up- and down votes. But after a while, you only get the up votes. My student newspaper has written about the Moser couple and their research several times [1][2]. It's in Norwegian, though, so not sure how much of use it is to share (edit: apparently we have an English version of the second article, see response to this post). Does anyone have good resources about their research for a layman? Most international articles I've found contain very little other than the same stuff in this press release. [1]: http://dusken.no/artikkel/24478/ett-kart-for-alle-rom/ [2]: http://dusken.no/artikkel/22614/hjernefamilie/ Strawman... I'm neither against build tools nor the idea of a js build tool. Make would basically just run CLI in this instance, so it's exactly what I like. I like maven, but I hate when I need a special maven plugin for the tool I want to use. All these tools expose a nice CLI that can be used, no need to complicate it by adding more abstractions. If it weren't for how Grunt can watch files, I would have scrapped it for our project. Because the config Gruntfile for our build process is impossible to understand and maintain, but the end results are just some simple commands to various tools. Wow, cool to see my thesis here! I posted a picture of it [1] to r/bicycling yesterday titled I managed to make my thesis in computer science be about bicycles! , and it got some traction. I answered some questions in the discussion, if anyone is interested. [1]: https://redd.it/3p8hua Everything seem complicated when you dont properly understand the problem. This post is a good reason for why you shouldn't be picked. But that's not a library. It forces your whole project into a box in which it may not fit. Elm is not without problems as well, although they (him?) are working on the biggest pain-points. Not sure why you are calling off-piste skiing silly, a rich man sport and something one shouldn't do. It's an incredible feeling, lots of fun, and if you have to walk up the mountain first it's a nice nature experience as well. Yes, it can be dangerous, but it's a risk you can manage yourself. So it doesn't have to be very dangerous if one follows common advice and also don't ski where there is a high risk of avalanches. Everything carries a risk, my point was that off-piste skiing doesn't have to be too much more dangerous than more mundane stuff, like driving a car. > I'm having trouble beating a chess program I wrote. Not sure if I'm a bad player or the algorithm is decent Most beginners will lose to even a chess engine that only looks one step ahead, as it will not drop pieces in obvious ways, but the beginner will. Chess.js etc. is great btw. Last time I made some chess ai, most of the time was spent generating possible moves. En passant, promotion and stuff adds complexity. One thing I like about PHP for quick prototyping or one-off projects is that an error doesn't bring the whole server down. For instance, I held a workshop where I hosted a server the students were to do some requests to. I had written a simple Node application that read the json they sent and returned a result. What I didn't anticipate was that them sending malformed json would bring the whole server down. So then I had to add error handling and stuff. Of course one should normally do that, but in PHP the malformed requests would just fail, leaving other requests unharmed, which would be acceptable for this kind of project. You're not refusing my point by insisting on adding more complexity (a huge framework), when simplicity and rapid prototyping of a small script was the goal. This question is what I mean, extra stuff one has to keep in mind: http://stackoverflow.com/q/5999373/923847 Does it matter for a real project? Probably not, just some boilerplate. Does it matter when I want something quick up and running? Yes. Same for games written i Java, by using pooling and not deallocating until a safe spot. Was especially important in early Android, where a GC break would not just feel like minor lag, but actally make a really big stutter. I'd wish they were a bit more futuristic than having 9000 parking spaces. Why not offer buses from where their employees live or other means of transportation? It's easy to say that most people drive, but that's only because everyone always make that the most convenient mode of transportation. With some effort something else could be even more convenient. What does it mean being "supported", given that one already can use Kotlin on Android? One of the things I find hardest with redux is to make reusable components (across projects), as they have to be added to the state tree somewhere, and then connected. With nested components you may get implicit dependencies on where in the tree it should be. All this makes it very cumbersome. So even though most of our apps use Redux, the reusable parts use setState as they then can be completely independent. > In her case, she knows these people personally and they're not fake scripts Still, their opinions aren't trustworthy to me, given they are written by people close to the author. So I could actually agree with FakeSpot on this. Unleash is very powerful. https://github.com/Unleash/unleash I used proxies to make a fun library where you can call arbitrary functions, and it tries to make the function based on the name. For instance declaraoids.findWhereNameEqualsX(persons, {x: "Mats"}); It will generate the function on the fly. https://github.com/Matsemann/Declaraoids > To summarize, it seems like they made some mistakes, microed their services in a knee-jerk attempt to alleviate the symptoms of the mistakes, realized microservices didn't fix their mistakes, finally addressed the mistakes, then wrote a blog post about microservices. You try to remove the critique from microservices, but for me these issues are actually good arguments against microservices. It's hard to do right. As a kid that tinkered with programming/computers before I learned English, this has stuck as something I always misspell. While I agree React isn't the issue here, you chose horrible examples. Loading Facebook on my computer (especially trying to open a chat window) brings my computer to a knee. And using twitter on mobile browser you quickly learn how the spinner looks. > Flaw 2: One common suggestion is to let useState() accept a key argument (e.g. a string) that uniquely identifies a particular state variable within a component. I tried asking about that earlier here on HN[0], nice to finally at least get an explanation. The tldr is name clashes when reusing hooks. A valid concern, I think they should be more upfront about the reasoning instead of "hooks are magic, don't use them in these ways". That would make it easier to accept. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18640612 (and the blogpost in the answer didn't really answer it) This article went viral in Norway, helping lots of parents see the value gaming can have. Very touching how he was confined to a chair, but through RPing online could be whoever he wanted and had a positive impact on many people. Im working for a company that was bought by a private equity in 2015 and taken off the stock market. Then introduced to the market again about two years later. They left us mostly alone, and most things actually turned to the better. Maybe not having to answer to thousands of shareholders gave management the possibility to implement some needed changes. One example was a new salary/bonus/retirement structure giving a huge boost to most of us. So YMMV. Farouk al-Kasim. It's a fascinating story, glad I found this in webarchive as it's now behind a paywall. http://web.archive.org/web/20100123225932/http://www.ft.com/... > You'll regularly get harassed for riding in the street, even when you're all the way to the right I don't even understand the hate for riding in the middle. If a driver were to pass someone riding on the right, he would (should) have to move so far over that the next lane has to be empty. That is the same as if the bicyclist was in the middle. Riding to the right only invites cars to squeeze past. Take the lane, it's safer. > This is everything that is wrong with journalism today. What? It's not manufactured hate by journalists. Minutes after the presentation Twitter, reddit etc buzzed with this. So they only report on what people are reacting to. If the article and reactions are dumb because Apple could have spun this as a $6k monitor, then that's Apple's fault. I held a workshop once where people implemented this (and other image algorithms). The end result can be seen here [0], and the tasks here [1] (but in Norwegian). Can click the "run seam carving" button to watch it unfold step by step. [0]: https://matsemann.github.io/image-workshop/ [1]: https://github.com/Matsemann/image-workshop That's one thing I like with GDPR. It has to be informed consent for a lot of cases. Can't hide it and say you agreed to whatever in a hidden EULA. It actually reminds me of $scope.$watch from Angular 1. Yeah, I've seen lots of comments on how she's a left-wing puppet, or why they didn't get some scientist knowing what they speak about up there instead of a kid. But - Why is caring about climate left-wing? - It's the same people ignoring the scientists, that write this crap, so no, a scientist speaking doesn't solve anthing. Unfortunately. It wouldn't have come to this then. How is this inappropriate for adults? You are free not to like it, but you shouldn't gatekeep others. It's gatekeeping all right. It's a statement about what real adults should like and not. What you're doing is an absurd straw man, please don't behave like that. Yeah, the weeks I spent making that collection was quite mind-bending, hehe. I'd like to read more about this setup! Kudos to him. For all the flack JS gets, ES2015 was a huge boon to the ecosystem and pretty nice. > I've spent most of the last two years working on an in depth technical history of the evolution of JavaScript/ECMAScript from 1995 through 2015. It would be interesting to read. How things came to be the way they are. It's actually quite impressive that the various browsers/companies/etc manage to cooperate at all. In angular 1, if you had a function on the form myApp.controller('MyCtrl', function($myCoolService) { //... }); Angular would see that you are looking for a parameter named myCoolService, see if it already has it, and then inject it when calling your controller. This of course broke in various ways with minification when the parameter names were mangled. So one had the opportunity to use "array syntax", requesting a dependency by a string. Or use a preprocessor in the build script adding the array syntax before minifying. I think this is for data too, not just schemas. When playing with a workshop for this [0], I found it hard to make real-looking trees. Especially when trying to color them, as the recursiveness doesn't really care if you want it to be a branch or a trunk. I have experimented with checking the depth of the stack for the turtle, and using that to draw with a different color/strokweight. But still not sure how to make it look more like a real tree. [1] It's fun to experiment with, though! The image is produced by F: "FF", X: "F+[[X]-FX]-F[F-FX]+X" [0]: https://github.com/FredrikMeyer/lsystems-workshop edit index.js#L102 [1]: https://imgur.com/a/1flZ2b8