A math IDE. I think Wolfram Alpha may do just that, then again dealing with formal maths is not my thing. An IDE makes sense if it can encapsulate the symbols and terms you're conveying. How many programmers sit down with notepad or vi and write huge programs? Yes, some do (and I have), but it's far easier with the IDE. People don't like most advertising because it's lying to them, or at least covering up it's faults (turd rolled in glitter). I mean, what company is going to pay to tell everything about their product. There going to show it in the best light. When people buy something they want to be informed (doesn't a free market require this?). With sites like Amazon or Newegg you get more information about the product and similar products that is supposedly neutral. They don't care 'which' product you buy, as long as you buy it from them. The customer benefits by exposure to more choices, better products, and possibly better pricing. This does not work as well for vendors, they do not care who you buy from, as long as you buy their product. If it did everyone would use chrome/firefox with adblock. A huge portion of the population seems to put up with all the ads thrown at them. I think a number of people are worried about Apple shooting themselves in the foot, or screwing their customers. Apple's handling of software development in the '80s almost killed them. Microsoft's 'steal it, pirate it, just develop for it' mantra got us to where we are today. Apples default of signed programs is probably best for consumer safety, but many times the best ideas don't win the market. Where is the other half of the equation. What's happening with Microsoft in the server room? All these tablets and phones and other assorted toys don't make very much of their own data. They are fed with huge server farms. I don't see Apple making any of those servers and server operating systems currently. This. It would be better for the author to understand the legal requirements and the legal history of cable TV. The technical side is only a small part of the equation here. He would be dealing with regulations at local, state, national, and international levels. http://www.fcc.gov/guides/regulation-cable-tv-rates http://www.fcc.gov/encyclopedia/evolution-cable-television#s... So I guess the real answer to his question 'Ask HN: I want to build a cable company. How would I get started?' is here. http://www.fcc.gov/ You can't just spray anything on the board. Most coatings would separate from the board over time with due to thermal or mechanical stresses. There are many coatings that do work for this, but cause additional expense due to additional labor in finishing, and possibly design to make sure the components that need protected most can actually be coated. I want you for a customer. I'll sign a contract to bill you for $100 an hour. Then when I send you the bill I'll make sure it's for $125, because hey if you don't like the price, you should have used someone else. I'd say yes. In the bad old days, you only got to number 1 because of payola. Chances of an unsigned Korean artist getting there. 0. He for sure did not fit the boy band/pop star profile. Now you can go from someone mostly unheard of to a global superstar outside of traditional channels. Now, if you are already someone signed on a big label and have a big name, then 8.1M may not be huge, especially for how popular it was. "From just those sources, PSY and his camp will rake in at least $8.1 million this year, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of publicly available information and industry estimates. But for online music sales in South Korea, he'll earn less than $60,000." This is the important part of the article. He earns around US$0.00015 per song sold in his own country via online sales. He earns a hell of a lot more via Youtube and iTunes. What gets him up to 8M is other advertizing deals. Webtrak4.1 Profile for physcab.* "Buys K-Pop from Amazon.com" "Visits RedTube at least 3 times a week" "Spends at least 15 minutes in gay porn section" "Made campaign donations to Republican National Convention" "Attends Clivesville Baptist Church" * no this is not really his web profile. But this is the kind of things web bugs leak. And while your life my be so boring that it doesn't matter to you, may other people have information they would rather not share with every stranger on the net. Reminds me of the '90s when WinNuke and Smurf attacks ran wild. Remember one attack that caused our Linux boxes to panic, but I can't remember what it was called. It's not surprising that we're seeing stuff like this in v6. IPv4 has had the bugs hammered out from years of attacks, v6 not so much. http://blogs.computerworld.com/mac_os_x_java_fiasco_apple_st... http://www.the4cast.com/apple/apples-flashback-fiasco-what-r... 2 years apart, same outcome. Apple has a terrible track record of fixing bugs. As of so far it seems giving them a minute, week, or month has no difference. In the past other vendors have had issues with timely fixing their bugs or trying to squash disclosers, that's why lists like full disclosure exist to this day. And as the complexity of the documents increased the likelihood that some bug was written in to the interpreter increased geometrically . The thing is we had all the things you say are great, and in spite of this we have created the browser as an application environment. Evidently people don't want a document web. Adobe PDF and Word are evidence that document readers attempt to become web browsers with time anyway. >It's possible to build something without holes. http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/10/proving_a_comp... I'm guessing you're planning on releasing your document viewer/OS sometime around the head death of the universe. In which time your program don't exist because your OS/Word processor business doesn't survive on the taxpayer teat. The problem is for businesses, most customers pay lot for features and new shiny and give a lot of lip service to the security part. The problem for open source is, most developers spend their time on features and new shiny , and the security ramifications are an afterthought. why have not other conscious beings 1. We are the first, or we are the first to get close to the singularity in our light cone. or 2. Generating energies or over coming the challenges of even traveling close to the speed of light is hard. or 3. Space is big. You just won’t believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it’s a long way down the road to the drug store, but that’s just peanuts to space. or 4. They have. No, it sounds like you are just an introvert. Since introverts are a smaller percentage of society, and they communicate less with others, it can easily seem like there is no one else like you out there. " Introverts are easily overwhelmed by too much stimulation from social gatherings and engagement, introversion having even been defined by some in terms of a preference for a quiet, more minimally stimulating environment. " That's why going out in to society seems like a job to you. I'm not sure about the just fine. If you were not in a complete free fall you'd be smooshed (I'm guessing W = m · g is nasty at black hole gravities). I guess my question is how fast you'd be traveling by the time you got near/in the even horizon. Anywhere close to 'c' and things would look a lot different. The problem that you are missing here is one of history. The phone company you so quickly push people to use has a long history of monopoly and abuse (at least where I'm from, where the telephone was invented). For the longest time you could only connect blessed telephone company equipment to your line, nothing else was allowed by law. It wasn't until people fought back that we could even use acoustic couplers. The telephone company was government sanctioned, but it was still a private company just like Facebook is. So instead of telling people to take it, do like or predecessors and fight back. I'm pretty sure if this was back in the Ma Bell days, you'd be telling the crowd that 'Real Friends' send letters via post! Or, people can get angry and say "Hey Facebook that is shitty behavior, I reserve the right to go elsewhere.", and otherwise bitch to everybody and make news about it. In which Facebook can decide to stay with their course, or they can decide to back down. Just because you want to act passive aggressive about the situation, doesn't mean that is the best solution to the problem. A little bit of aggression can keep companies more in line. I cannot imagine a world where people just took whatever they were given silently. I do believe it would look something like slavery. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bread_and_circuses Ob. xkcd http://xkcd.com/1145/ See ALT text. At the time the cable was installed (72ish?) 230kV was a very high voltage cable. The type of cable that now commonly carries that voltage underground is HV XLPE http://www.fujikura.com.sg/hv_xlpe.htm At the the maximum voltage over XLPE was 110kV. Sticking 2 of these cables side by side would have other interesting effects. http://www.emfs.info/Sources+of+EMFs/Underground/multiple.ht... It appears oil and paper systems are still used, but I don't think they use the high pressure oil system like the one in the paper. http://www.hitachi-cable.com/about/publish/review/__icsFiles... Ecology is the scientific study of the relationships that living organisms have with each other and with their natural environment. An ecological fallacy (or ecological inference fallacy) is a logical fallacy in the interpretation of statistical data where inferences about the nature of individuals are deduced from inference for the group to which those individuals belong. This is anecdotal, but I'll posit it anyway. I did network administration for a number of title companies, mortgage lenders, real-estate agents, and other assorted firms involved in the selling and buying of houses between 2004 and 2011. Most of these people were what you would consider hard working honest employees, but due to perverse incentives helped in their part of making all of this worse. I saw plenty of lenders have the client flat out lie about their income. It didn't seem to matter, the banks rarely rejected the loans if the paper looked good. The better you lied, the more sales you got. If you were totally honest, people heard that it was hard to get a loan or closure from your firm and would head to others. At the time there was seemly no risk, it wasn't till after the financial crash that I heard of any arrests over paper manipulation. The problem is the people that have the data now are going to be very shy about releasing it. It will show fraud by the buyers, possible fraud by the lenders, poor research by the big banks. By the time the crash came it was a game. Interest only loans? You've got to be kidding me. At a murder scene, evidence is how one determines the cause and the killer, but if your killer has means he can manipulate that evidence. The issue we have now is that the murder (banks) are the group holding all the evidence. They don't want it looked in to, it would show they were an accomplice. It is great when you first start teaching someone about SQL. The fact that SQL injection even exists shows that data validation and separation of 'code' and 'data' must be one of the first things learned about SQL. Why, because the proper use of analogy give insight to how things work where it was not before. Telling the robot analogy to a person bagging parts in a warehouse would make a lot of sense to him. Just saying 'security attack' and his mind will probably wander off in imagination of ninjas and pirates kicking in the door, murdering everybody, and running off with all the products. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Observable_universe#End_of_Grea... Up to the largest scales the universe is randomly clumped/stringed/voided. And when the day comes that available labor far outstrips the demand for labor? Your skill may be in demand, but how many will be willing to do the job at subsistence rates? Will the day come when 10s of millions (billion even?) of people be made redundant by technology? What will they do to eat? How will nations and societies deal with this? Grind the unemployed in to Soylent Green?, grand social welfare programs?, war? I always liked this fictional story about it. http://marshallbrain.com/manna1.htm "When the people shall have nothing more to eat, they will eat the rich." --Jean-Jacques Rousseau http://www.lewrockwell.com/orig5/mercola23.1.html "When you sleep, your body’s internal temperature actually drops to its lowest level, generally about four hours after you fall asleep. Scientists believe a cooler bedroom may therefore be most conducive to sleep, since it mimics your body’s natural temperature drop." You rarely hear of Google outages http://techcrunch.com/2012/12/10/gmail-experiences-a-widespr... ,or iTunes http://appleinsider.com/articles/12/11/19/itunes-match-down-... ,or Youtube http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/technology/2012/10/youtube-goes-... Everyone goes down, but EC2 has been buggy as hell from what I can tell. And before everyone says Netflix should `just` move or add more bandwidth... http://www.nbcnews.com/technology/technolog/netflix-uses-32-... They represent a huuuge amount of bandwidth usage! The city I live in is building strip malls at an insane rate while the existing ones have a higher vacancy rate then I have ever seen. A few at the best locations will fill most of the slots, but the rest might have 50% capacity. Who is loaning money for this? Do they think that this capacity will be filled at some point in the distant future? but I don't think that removing gradients and drop shadows necessarily results in designs that "scare users away." Try using Office 2013. It's white and flat (even flatter in Win8 over Win7, you lose refrence to what the 'tools' part and the data part is. It is not inviting at all, unless you dig in to the options and try to put some slightly different colors/textures on it. It allows you to move the computer to your data. There are lots of places where power can be an issue (solar collection only), a full 'computer' would take up a lot of power and space. A micro like this would allow you to process signals on site and only send back 'important' information over potentially limited bandwidth. The device is inexpensive and generic, so you can program it do to what you need, there are many custom devices that do what this board can, but they are either expensive or fixed function. I find it pretty common given a list of foods that I like, the one with a good picture is the one I'll most likely order. Having more pictures may or may not benefit the restaurant though... Use of a few pictures now could lead customers to buy a higher profit item, or an item that is much easier to keep in stock in large amounts. Use of pictures for all items means that the customer will likely expect the food to the table looks like the item in the picture. This could cause some issues with different cooks or item substitutions. At the rate the requests are growing there is no way to see if the requests are legitimate. This allows the DMCA to be used as a weapon against sites that are not infringing anything. http://techflap.com/2012/10/microsoft-sends-dmca-notices-to-... Follow the money and the established players and you'll see why. The best data I would suggest looking at is American news. Correlate Egypt with African news and then again correlate Egypt with Middle Eastern news. American news will tend to display stories related to Egypt's interactions with countries such as Israel, Iran, Iraq, and other Asian countries lumped together under 'middle east'. The next most common news grouping for Egypt would be Mediterranean, dealing with with countries such Libya politically and then in vacation destinations around the sea itself. Very little broadcast news in America is about countries outside of the Mediterranean and Middle East influence. You don't hear much about Egypt's and Sudan's relationships unless you tend to go looking for it. Contrast that to Egyptian and Israeli relationships. With the advent of the Internet changing the way we view and seek out news our will change our generalizations of geography greatly over time. But to understand the generalizations we have now in the 30's and up age group, replaying the 'Nightly News with Tom Brokaw' would lead to great insight. The correct use of caching can dramatically improve the performance of websites. Also knowing how to keep certain pages from ever being cached can be important too. //php do not cache header('Cache-Control: no-store, no-cache, must-revalidate, post-check=0, pre-check=0, s-maxage=0'); Recently I was dealing with someones crappy hand rolled PHP site that had terrible image performance. The images were being called from a database and had no-cache set?! While moving the images out of the database would most likely be the best thing to do, it was not worth the effort in this case. The images almost never change, old id's would be removed and new added. I modified the script that output images to send a s-maxage header of a sufficiently large value and put a instance of Varnish in front of the server. Server load dropped dramatically, response times dropped dramatically, and the maximum amounts of clients the server can withstand increased greatly. Proper use of caching, either between your server and the database, inside your application, and between your server and the client can greatly reduce hardware requirements and response times. In finalizing your application before full deployment always validate your http headers to your clients are doing what you expect them too. On 3ware(LSI) controllers you can schedule a 'verify' task to run on a schedule. I do believe it is on by default, but I could be wrong. It is good to tell admins about this being that an uninformed one may turn the settings off without realizing what can occur if it is disabled. R.I.N.A.B Raid Is Not A Backup! Oh, and your raid controller should monitor for smart errors and you should seek to replace disks when you start seeing sector rewrites. Of course Microsoft software is worth every cent (dollars many of them) that Microsoft thinks it is, the question here is, 'Is public debate of Microsoft's sales to the schools of Greece up for public debate?'. Microsoft certainly wants to be a sole supplier on a privately discussed contract. If I were trying to maximize my profits, I'd want exactly the same. Talking about Warren Buffet http://www.wtop.com/164/3176295/Manassas-News-Messenger-prin... "The Manassas News & Messenger is no more. The paper printed its final edition after 143 years of covering the news...." "All employees lost their jobs, and 72 other jobs have been cut in the company." If I had to think of anti-virus I would trust the most it would be this. The computer would reboot in to a maintenance mode where it would boot in to a check mode. Hopefully off the network or some other source that couldn't be altered by a virus/malware. The check mode would checksum all executable content and update its database, reporting all changed and added files. It could also check for known out of date executable files. All files would be checked against a A/V database too. If nothing fails the computer reboots back to the OS, else it is halted until repaired. This still has two risks I can see, one is the BIOS is altered and subverted there. The other is non-executable content runs transient programs that do not survive reboot. If you run windows 7, then stop wasting time and upgrade to 8. If you run 7, stay on 7. If you're getting a new computer, don't fear 8, though it will take a little time getting used to. If you have a corporate office and will be replacing 500 pc's, you better do some tests with your users before you even think about 8. Unix variants and Windows solve their problems very well Maybe, maybe not, I think the bigger issue is the development cost it would take to get to Linux/Windows standards would be huge. This is why we have one Intel and AMD has to fight like hell to stay alive. Most sites suck because they want seemingly random passwords that are hard for people to remember. Most sites seem deathly afraid of spaces too and want relatively short passwords. While many sites would think this is a good password "x5tRwz3m" Length: 8 Strength: Weak. Entropy: 36 bits. Charset Size: 62 characters Is impossible for me to remember. A easy to remember mixed (seemly, but not random) password like that is much easier to generate and use in a off-line dictionary attack. "I like Microsoft's login page." Length: 30 Strength: Very Strong. Entropy: 147.3 bits Charset Size: 73 characters is a sentence and people are pretty good at remembering them. Add in a tiny bit of complexity "I like M?icrosoft's login p!age." Length: 32 Strength: Very Strong. Entropy: 163.5 bits. Charset Size: 83 characters. It is exceptionally unlikely that a cracking attempt will reveal that password and that some other type of flaw will be needed to reveal the password or gain access to the account. What percentage of Firefox users use adblock or something similar to filter themselves out of stats like this? I know that just about everything stat is filtered out by noscript or adblock on my installs.