When I was in college, I figured out that the education you get doesn't really change. However, what does change is the people that you are associating with. At the "elite" colleges, there is a greater percentage of smart students, which lends itself to more productive discussions and more difficult tests that force you to challenge yourself. Also, it is like the difference between the regular classes in high school and advanced classes -- in the advanced classes you cover the same material, but with greater breadth and a deeper understanding. And the number 1 biggest advantage of going to an elite college is that you have a much better chance of meeting the world's future movers and shakers -- the people that will be the educational and business leaders of the next generation. That alone is a good reason to go to an elite college. So I have to disagree, and say that there are indeed advantages to going to an elite college, just not the advantages that most people think. I did read to the end, but I didn't really see anything in there indicating that there is still a benefit to going to an elite school. I just read it again, and still didn't see anything. My interpretation of this essay is that one's success won't be predicated on which school you go to, and that is the point that I am disagreeing with. Did I misinterpret the point of the essay? Ah. I guess being in the footnote made me think it was more of an offhanded comment than a major counterpoint to the premise of the essay. Perhaps in an edited version, this should get its own paragraph. Paul, here is another point to backup your premise: one of the best ways to meet potential investors/acquirers is to go to the same social events that they do. If you live in the same place as them, even if you aren't going to a startup-oriented social event, you still have a good chance of running into them and striking up a conversation. Case in point -- my cousin wants to make movies. So he decided to move to LA and get a job as a bartender. He went to bartending school and then got a job at a bar that is frequented by producers and other movie industry folk. One day he served a drink to a producer, mentioned to the guy that he wanted to make movies, and is now working on a couple of movie deals. That could have never happened even if he continued to live in his native Orange County, only 40 miles away. Are you sure about that? reddit hit 50k uniques about 6 months after it launched. I'd say the discourse was very similar to what it is here at that point in the game. "Please submit the original source. If a blog post reports on something they found on another site, submit the latter. ... Don't abuse the text field in the submission form to add commentary to links. The text field is for starting discussions. If you're submitting a link, put it in the url field. If you want to add initial commentary on the link, write a blog post about it and submit that instead." These rules appear to be in direct opposition to each other. Could someone elaborate on which is the appropriate method? You know, it really turns people off when you go around spamming your links all over the place (I've seem them both here and on reddit). You may have a great site, but perhaps you should let your technology speak for itself. If it is truly great, people will come through word of mouth. The risk is that if your startup fails, you've traded what probably would have been a great salary at a larger company, so essentially you gave up that guaranteed income for the more risky startup. I recently had to answer this question when my girlfriend's mom friended me. I waited a while, but in the end I thought, what the heck, I don't have anything in there that's a secret. I'm sure that decision will haunt me. As Trevor was kicking his legs and pushing on his knees, I was waiting for Dexter to turn around and slap him silly. Guess I've been reading too much SciFi. We hope that it can't be gamed. We have protections in place to make sure the top 10 reddits can't be gamed, and also, you can pick your own reddits, completely avoiding the problem. How is this different than user created reddits on reddit? The only difference I see is that you can change the colors here. However, I will say that the colors are nice. :) You don't so much fail at grad school as fail at finding lucrative work afterwards. There are plenty of middle class folks in the "biz". These are the makeup artists, sound designers, animators, model makers and so on. They all make a good living pursuing their dream. Im curious as to why you think reddit can't serve those niches right now? You can create a private reddit just for you and your family, you can create a pet lover reddit, a reddit for you favorite sports team, etc. Is this perhaps a marketing problem of reddit's? What about the fact that it is far easier to steal your credit card/identity and then just buy the stuff one wants, instead of trying to find someone with the stuff you want and then stealing it. I would not expect any correlation between IQ and success. A good IQ test will give you a general indication of a person's logic, reasoning and spacial abilities. It does not test one's ability to empathize or interact with others, two skills which are essential for "reaching the top". Therefore, IQ is really only good for measuring a person's potential for gaining new knowledge quickly, not measuring what their future success should be. That's in part because Leopard's built in firewall is awful. I realize that was not the reason it was beaten so easily here (Safari was to blame in this case), however it seems like a good time to say this: I have no idea why Apple switched away from using iptables, a host based firewall that has been tried and tested for almost 20 years, to using a brand new, closed source, black box firewall. > 2.) "It's not scalable enough." The Washington Post runs on Django; I doubt you're going to get more pageviews than them. Just FYI, the Washington Post does not use Django for their main page. They only use it for small side projects. At reddit we tried to use Django, but had to switch to Pylons because, lo and behold, it wasn't scalable. Specifically, it has a problem caching templates under high loads. You should look at some of the other reddits, where less crazy people hang out. :) The show will be broadcast online as well as on TV. The reason to watch the show is that you get the opinions of some well known journalists discussing the issues back and forth -- at least, that is the theory. And I believe you mean justin.tv. I guess the "save these changes" button needs to be made more obvious. A lot of people seem to be missing it. One of my old bosses had a similar problem. When she has her twins, both her and her husband had excellent carrers. What they decided was that she would stay home with the kids for two years, while the other worked. The idea was that should would be "out of touch" for a short enough time that she could get back in without much loss. Then when it was her turn to work, her husband arranged to work part time from home. The kids were self sufficient enough that he could focus on his programming for short stints during the day and for longer periods at night when his wife got home. He was able to do enough work to "stay in the game." In fact, he liked it so much he decided to do it for another 2 years. At that point the girls were in pre-school, so had about 3 hours each day to get work done while they were gone, could then play with them the rest of the day, and finish his work at night when his wife was there. The girls are now 6 and in school for most of the day. He's looking at going back to work full time, but given how much he enjoys working from home, he may just keep doing that for a while. Heh. If the teacher was REALLY well paid, even for the Bay Area, they would get maybe 80k a year. The starting salary in Palo Alto (the highest in the bay area) is under 50k. A teacher with 10 years of experience will probably be making about 75k. http://www.pausd.org/community/employment/teachers/teacher_s... Actually, scaling twitter is a solved problem. There is a company in India called SMS GupShup that does the same thing as twitter, except they have 3 times the number of users and more SMS users. And they don't have downtime. http://anand.typepad.com/datawocky/2008/06/indias-sms-gupshu... You already have that option with pretty much every phone except the iPhone. Every carrier will let you buy the hardware at an "unsubsidized" rate, and then get a contract with a higher monthly price, but no lock in. It's just that no one does it, because it is so much more costly. Melanie Griffith starred in Working Girl. The rest of your post was spot on though. :) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096463/ > I laughed because I was sure she was kidding. Turns out she wasn't. ... It turns out she never did follow through on her threats. I'm confused. Doesn't that mean she was kidding? Or at least, how does her making false threats reinforce your paranoia? We have used both at reddit. Performace-wise they are comparable for us, but nginx was a lot easier to configure, and lighttpd had a nasty bug that made us switch away (for the life of me though, I can't remember what the bug was). We just use an http load balancer (haproxy) and have the app servers talk http directly. No need for a web server, which makes things much more stable. We use nginx for static content though (haproxy points at nginx for the static content). Yeah, the new version of haproxy has been shown to be able to hold up on a 10Gbps connection with no problems. We're using 1.3.15.2 with a couple of patches from the experimental version. Heh, no. But that would have been funny. Actually, teej reminded me what it was -- under heavy load, the load balancing algorithm would completely break down, and put all the traffic on the first few app servers on the list, and nothing on the last few. Yeah, that was it! The load balancing algorithm completely broke down under load. Process management is done with a custom tool. In theory we could have a dynamic number of apps, but in practice it is static. Occasionally we have to take a few out of rotation, and haproxy handles it just fine. That doesn't say how many times the app had to be resubmitted before approval. I'd like to see the rate of first time rejections. I wrote this on his blog: I commend your resolve to continue, but there is one fatal flaw in your argument: point 3. Google has absolutely no intention of ever making money from their telecom products. In fact, Google considers them a cost of business. Why? Because they are trying to build the largest corpus of spoken text in the world. They are simply collecting data. The purpose of that data is to build the best text to speech algorithms in the world, so that they could then make it possible to search for audio. For example, imagine the power of being able to search for a spoken phrase in a youtube video. So I don't ever expect them to shut down the services or charge for them. At least not until they have text to speech down pat. I used to work with the anti-fraud folks at PayPal. Most of them jumped ship to Google about 2 years ago. PayPal was data driven, but required a human to verify the results. Google is simply data driven. That should help explain why they seem even worse than PayPal. The answer was right in the article -- tractor feed paper. 10s of thousands of pages without having to refill a tray. Yet another feature Digg has copied from reddit: http://code.reddit.com :) You can ask me questions here or on reddit: http://www.reddit.com/a2zte Not sure yet. Our site is mostly text. Yes, but it is all dynamic content, which it why it needs so many resources, if that is what you are getting it. Also, Akamai offloads a lot of the traffic from us. We still like PG and gang, we wouldn't want to crap all over them like that. ;) Edit: Since the poster deleted the comment, it said: "You should advertise Hacker News on reddit" By the way, if any of you want in on the beta, mention either YCombinator or Hacker News in your email to betaparty@reddit.com and we'll put you on the top of the beta list. These are all great points. However, I just want to point out that reddit has had sponsored links for 10 months now, and our advertisers have been quite pleased with their conversion rates. We've also run some of our own ads in there, and had fantastic conversion. Competition is good for everyone! We're more than happy to take your money. :) We run all of reddit on ec2, which includes a bunch of postgres servers. Each one is running with a single EBS. However, I've heard horror stories of people trying to run much less busy databases and having lots of problems, usually with MySQL. Those databases are all on XLarge instances, so there is minimal sharing, and we've also gone to great lengths to make sure all of our normal queries are in indexes, so the disk gets hit less. We also have a read slave for every database to alleviate read loads. One thing you might want to do is run 'iostat -xtc' on your current box and put that in a log file. Then go back and analyze it and see what your average and peak reads and writes are. Amazon's max for a single EBS appears to be about 1000 ops / second (at least, that is what we were doing when they told us we maxed out the performance of the disk). Good luck! Edit: I forgot to mention that on all the database disks, we use ext2 and noatime. Both decrease the total number of writes necessary, and have very little downside (the biggest being that you have to fsck on a crash). I'm beginning to thing that MySQL does something very different with disks than Postgres, because everyone I've talked to that said they had a problem had been running MySQL, and everyone who has been successful has been running Postgres (myself included). If you're using Windows, I would stay away from EC2 right now. They aren't quite mature enough for Windows yet. If you look at the EC2 forums, the majority of complaints are about Windows bugs. Actually, you might want to try and get in on Microsoft's Azure beta.