byrenesreview basically answered below where he said at least half of hedge funds and traders use Excel. Thing is, hedge funds, quants in general will be way more likely to use real modelling software than everybody else, so byrne's experience of them using anything but Excel is skewed. In I-banking, Private Equity, management consulting, the financial industry generally, Excel is king. If you look at BankersBall they have a tab for excel tricks. Dealmaven got bought for $14m recently, and their product (apart from the bootcamp, which obviously doesn't scale) was a financial modelling package, or rather, training in modelling, along with macros, shortcuts and a manual for Excel, as it's used in finance (really very good training in modelling, as you'd expect from a firm with a Wharton prof on board) China's non-democratic system means it invests in infrastructure before other more immediately demanded things. I think it has a better education system from primary to secondary, as outside of Kerala a lot of teachers are habitually absent. India has higher barriers to entry in damn near everything because of the "Licence Raj" and insane employment legislation. Its almost impossible to fire people once your enterprise has more than 100 employees. China has been experiencing the demographic dividend (falling birthrate means the dependency ratio drops, and you get a bulgein the population pyramid in the working age population, more taxes, fewer pensions and childcare) Hey, will your mate take an English speaker with no intention of working legally, who doesn't want to pay tax, with no intention of staying longer than a year? That is one lousy article. It's too short, and doesn't come with enough provisos. I agree with the spirit of what he's saying, but for crying out loud, people are expensive to train, and lots of them turn out useless anyway. I'm sure there are many, many fields where Trojan work and a determination not to give up will get you very far if you get a little luck and grab it for all it's worth, but you have to be up to hammering your head at that wall until it breaks, and in some fields the wall ain't breaking (mostly due to licenture issues) A friend took three years to get into video games programming after building a substantial portfolio, getting business experience and doing a Masters that's stupidly competitive to get into, after getting his CS/IT degree. If you're that bloody minded, sure you can make it, but don't put down the people who turn you down when you're an unknown quantity. Look at your situation with cold eyes, not fake optimism and opinions of your worth and capability. http://www.smallparty.org/yoram/quantum/ Quantam Microeconomics by Yoram Bauman "The basic text, Quantum Microeconomics, is intended for use in introductory classes. A calculus-based version (unimaginatively titled Quantum Microeconomics with Calculus) is available for intermediate courses or math-intensive introductory courses, but it is much less polished. Both versions are covered by a Creative Commons license that establishes simple guidelines under which you (or anyone else) can freely use and/or modify the text for non-commercial purposes." There can be great value in personal interaction. I agree that big lectures like described should and will die off. However, the fastest way to learn anything is to have a series of conversations with an expert. (I guess that could still be reproduced by videochat or something...) I understand this has long been the model in many UK schools. The long conversations with an expert are purely an Oxbridge thing, it costs waaay too much to do that for it to be worthwhile for students with less potential/no tradition of doing so. The author said he'd read Vom Kriege, which is Clausewitz's "On War" I love Freakonomics, it's a large part of the reason I'm studying economics but that chapter is a catastrophic pile of wrong. Two articles picking it to pieces http://www.bos.frb.org/economic/wp/wp2005/wp0515.pdf http://islandia.law.yale.edu/donohue/Joyce%20%282004%29.pdf ) In Ireland and Britain college = university. I believe the US has a ~distinction that a college is an undergraduate institution, which may or may not be part of a university, but the rest of the Anglosphere follows British usage in that a college is post secondary school though it may not be degree granting, like the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. The US IRS claims a right on your income for ten years after you renounce citizenship, which given the hoops you have to jump through to renounce US citizenship is a bit rich. Why would you want to take both? It would seem to me that if people are approaching you asking to invest you're in a fantastic position. The money they're offering seems (Q2 2010) to be more than the standard YC offer but what you're getting there is (mentorship + community + brand + Demo Day + MONEY) whereas all you're guaranteed from the Angel/Seed Fund is money. You will more than likely get mentorship as well but the community and brand are not availabler outside YC. It sounds like you're being offered ~double YC standard investment, but how much stock your potential investors want is not mentioned. You're obviously in a good position with people looking to invest in you already but why would YC take on the pain of having others in on the round with them on anything resembling an equal basis unless they think you're so fantastic a bet that they'd be fools not to take it, like when Sequoia and Kleiner (bastards who invest in patent trolls) Perkins went in together on Google, which didn't need the money? Don't allocate it to the shareholders at all. Allocate it to the executives. Arnold Kling got there first with a proposal that institutions that are obviously "too big to fail" and as such have a government guarantee should be bound by a spirit-of-the-law (S)contract, rather than the letter. "I would like to see managers of government-protected institutions take an oath to safeguard the soundness of their companies. I would like to see them subjected to prison terms for violating that oath. The oath is a general promise, not satisfied simply by staying within the boundaries of L regulation. I believe that S regulation would change the motives of bank managers. They would be looking for ways to avoid failure, rather than for ways to stay within the letter of the law." http://econlog.econlib.org/archives/2008/11/letter_of_law_s.... Once a year, my management team sits down, reviews every employee's work, and recalculates every employee's level. There's your incentive, besides profit sharing[1], to buckle down and work hard. Besides, if Joel & co. have an eye on market wages through use of glassdoor, they're not going to get very far out of line in the course of a single year. [1] This works at the size Fog Creek is now, but somewhere around 100-120 employees it breaks, because you nobody has a good feel for how individual productivity feeds into company productivity, and it turns into politics. Good god yes. Never mind the UK, Europe needs a proper YC clone, and if one gets significant traction anywhere in the EU/EFTA it'll have the same kind of advantage in that space as YC does in the US, i.e. first pick. A good YC clone would be fantastic but (as the sainted pg says, pbuh) angels are the limiting factor. YC Edinburgh would be fantastic and given time might be sufficient to build a proper startup hub, but if some entity ponies up the cash for the "buy a Silicon Valley" plan, you're crushed. Even aside from that a substantial portion of any Scottish clone's rounds would end up in London. Dragon's Den Pro- They decide very quickly. Con- The expertise is not there, so they will say yes seldom. Seedcamp They're later stage than YC. Good and all but you need a let a thousand flowers bloom thing. Prince's Trust/Government grants Pro- Lots of money Con- The anti-angel. Not an entrepreneurial bone in their bodies, must fill out forms and justify why the money went to this company rather than that one. Can you imagine an agent with more perfectly misaligned incentives? They have no upside if their investment decision goes right, and probably no downside either. People in those kind of jobs very rarely get fired. Coda: Yeurope appears to be moribund, so the spot is open again. Their website hasn't been updated in ages and has advanced linkrot. Very true. But the UK does have founders, startups and money. Not nearly as much as the US, and no cluster approaching the valley, but the network is a surmountable problem. One could probably get government sponsorship for a regular meetup/conference with speaker honoraria, etc. This would go some way to fixing this problem. Not all the way, but it'd be a start. jlees is looking at this from a Scottish perspective, so maybe getting Scottish Enterprise to sponsor monthly Techcrunch UK shindigs in Edinburgh would be an idea. Again, Scotland suffers the substantial disadvantage of not being London, or within the Golden Triangle. If I were attempting this I'd probably go to one of the Science Enterprise Centres at various UK universities, and attempt to get them to host a monthly meetup, get them to do it in co-operation with the Business School. Again, London would be best. I was just noting davidw's point on the speakers, the network. If U. Edinburgh can get speakers over from the valley on a semi-regular basis this isn't that big a problem. Yet again, London's better because the number of cool intersting people passing through will be orders of magnitude higher so you can piggy-back off of that, more and better speaker opportunities. But your point is well taken, meetups are not a big problem, and the lack of them is relatively easy to overcome. A proper YC clone probably requires (a)Angels, plural, successful ones, with personal experience of startups (b)20-50K per round, so assuming 2 rounds a year, and three years to get some form so others will back you thereafter, ~120K min. I think that's it, and if you're lucky you could get away with less. Here, government might be useful. 60K isn't chickenfeed but it is doable in grant aid. If you could find someone willing to pony up 60K, you could get matching funds from a local authority somewhere in the UK, or from one of the enterprise incubators. Almost everyone who gives speeches on a (semi)regular basis will be used to some hostile questions at the end, and I really don't think you get to that level without being able to defend your ideas in other less formal contexts. Sure, the YC dinners are weekly, no-holds-barred, and have a select audience, but if you have a proper YC clone going you will be able to get speakers on a weekly basis. Probably not of the same quality, or with the same ease, but you can get speakers. The other points fall under All discussions follow Chatham House Rules South Korea is currently ~2.5% of global GDP, China ~6%. The UK is ~3.9%. South Korea is legitimately a big deal, and writing off that market would be dumb, by the most conservative estimate its the 16th biggest economy in the world, and its internet active population is waaay above trend, so its even more important for Google than that alone would suggest. Summary: Real programmers (not complimentary) don't document, don't maintain, always do things the hard way because that's the only way to get bragging rights, object strenuously to giving up even a little freedom in order to make it harder to make mistakes. Oldskool RPs programmed in hard things like assembler, which at least forced you to know your way around algorithims and memory management. The new breed do not have that saving grace. Commentary: It sounds like the difference between a Real Programmer and a good hacker is skill, documentation and math/data structures/algorithims. I can't remember which essay it was in but pg recommended always doing things the hard way because if it even occured to you to do things the hard way, it's probably because you can see a benefit from it already, and it makes it much harder for competitors to catch up if you do this consistently. Newspapers provide facts and opinion. The facts can't be copyrighted so anyone can repeat them. The opinion and the bias of any particular newspaper are noise not signal from the point of view of increasing the actual information you have. Its the internet killing the newspapers, by unbundling what most customers want; entertainment, celebrity gossip, sports reporting, from what "serious journalists" go into journalism hoping to do, investigative reporting, political reporting, policy analysis, etc. Most people don't give a damn about any of this, but the institution of the newspaper means the advertisers who pay the salaries of everybody on the newspaper get the (large) audience of people who buy the paper for gossip and sport and the (small) one who buy it for policy wonkery, so there's a cross-subsidy. There are also bloggers who are much better than the vast majority of what you'll see in the papers. The average quality is lower, but the sample size is enormously bigger, and the variance is really rather large so the opinion niche is also threatened. And some people will do it excellently for free. So the newspaper business model is dead. Facts can't be copyrighted, opinion is available for free, cross-subsidisation is no longer viable, and across the developed world the newspaper reading population is trending down. There are bright spots, like India, but most 1st world journalists are screwed. So an entire industry is thrashing around with two choices;(a) die (b) Find an alternative business model. As the biggest, most profitable pure play internet company, shaking Google down is a better choice than resigning oneself to death. As such if you're looking for someone to get mad at, someone to negotiate with as if they're the Internet, they're the best bet. Only 49 companies went public last year, the fewest since 1992, depriving venture firms of the source of 45 percent of revenue and 90 percent of profits, based on data from 2007. Japanese funds, which together manage 1.04 trillion yen ($10.6 billion), get more than twice as much revenue from IPOs as U.S. and European firms, according to Venture Enterprise. From 5 minutes googling the firms mentioned as the largest Japanese VC funds they appear to be more along the lines of exchange traded funds, or at leat they appear to be actual companies themsleves that are traded on a stock exchange, not something I think you can do in the US (SEC rules etc., must have mucho money to be an accredited investor) This means they can't go "Right, so we'll sit on our money for two years then" like a consistently profitable, but not Sequoia or Kleiner Perkins level fund could in the US. They're vulnerable to the stupidities of the quarterly results driven market, and could theoretically be bought up for market cap and the individual components sold off at a profit[1]. This screams money to be made to me. Not by me, unfortunately, but if someone had fluent Japanese and English and was enough of a hacker to do a proper appraisal on some of these companies could get together with someone with VC experience, IPO and M&A experience they could do an analysis on portfolio companies and make offers. Summary: With a Japanese-English bilingual team, Techs capable of doing technical due diligence, and finance people with domain expertise, assets could be bought for very good value. [1] I have no idea if this is likely to happen to any of these companies or not. It's mainly illustrative. Also, sometimes having a market cap lower than book value is sometimes correct. GM has been in that situation since the 70s. Medical and dental wages are high in large part due to licenture, same as lawyers. They all have guilds, where a union also certifies, so they limit supply to the benefit of incumbents and the detriment of potential entrants and clients. Address them by name every so often during the intrnoductory conversation. Look at them while repeating their name in your head. I want a credential. I learn on my time. I'm well aware that the learning from testing out is going to be minimal, but I'm not interested in these qualifications as an end in themselves, they're worthwhile as a credential filter. If you want to do a second entry degree these degrees would be fantastic. An MBA or an IR Masters does not actually cover material that requires an undergraduate degree (or a J.D. for that matter) so you're just avoiding wasting money. Also, Excelsior College is accredited by Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, so it is a degree, not a "degree". I'm perfectly capable of learning off my own bat, no doubt slower and with more wrong turns and wasted time than if I was in a small liberal arts college but that option is not available, so I read a great deal instead. You're right that I'm not as smart as you are but I am smart enough that the added value of attending lectures and tutorials in history over just having the reading list and access to a good library is minimal in my experience. My university is by no means bad. I see no reason in theory why the hard science degrees could not be awarded purely on the basis of a syllabus and examination, well Math anyway, Physics and Chemistry dependent on lab work. I'll join the chorus saying GED, community college, senior college. If you're a fellow Rightpodian, A-levels, then college. But... If it sucks drop out, if you don't want a post grad and you get a good job offer seriously consider taking it. As far as crippling social goes two things really help, hanging out with people like yourself who you can actually talk to, and serious alcohol abuse. I kid you not. The fastest periods of advancement in my social skills come down to alcohol. You make more mistakes, faster, which is the way to learn. Summary: Pay for those who haven't been fired roughly in line with trends of last 5-10 years. However many have been fired, ~3/4 at Citigroup for example. Some investors say that given the losses they have taken the banks should pay less than the historical norm of ~50% of profits. The executives say if they don't like it they can sell the stock. Because the USA has the appropiate level of paranoia. Grandfathers can continue to father children til they pass away, and we're not actually programmed to die, we're just not optimised for immorbidity. These two things are enough to explain grandfathers. Oh, and grandmothers as caregivers are unique to humans, or at least the menopause is, which is an adaptation for this care giving strategy. I'm not familiar with any other mammalian species with it. More or less agree, Okinawan-Americans don't have much higher life expectancy than your average Asian-American, which is probably due to lifestyle, but Donald pointed out ^ that extreme longevity appears to have a large genetic component. It's not a random choice. You're optimised for the spreading of your genes and if you spend resources on maintaining your body in perfect health and your competitor lets his body run down while spending those resources on progeny he wins on average. The old surviving to compete with the young would not make evolution fail. There are limited resources and competition for them so the ill adapted die, there's nothing in there that stops the old living on forever, and if organisms can't breed together they generally don't copulate (adaptation). Great^8 granddad might want to get it on with g^8 daughter, but she'll be uninterested because her adaptations will not see him as sexual, any more than we'd see a chimp. There is actually only one major family that are asexual the rotifers. Given that sex appears wasteful of energy, the fact that there is only one example of a lineage successful in geological time with asexuality is pretty strong evidence it's a good idea. For more, better, more clearly expressed, read Richard Dawkins. Under no circumstances read anything by Steven Jay Gould to learn biology. That's nice. What proportion of the population is mentally capable of the abstraction and symbolic logic necessary for science? Somewhere between forty and sixteen per cent and forty would really blow my mind. For the maintenance of our way of life we don't need scientists, we need engineers (not suggesting they're scientifically ignorant) Most people are way more interested in people than things so enthusiasm for science is limited to a subset of those capable of it. Sagan was only right if you're in the context of rebuilding after a disaster and if interested amateurs have much to offer we're probably all screwed. Summary: I do not like the fact that pay at investment banks for those who have not been fired is similar to 2007 levels. I shall neglect to mention that between half and three quarters of the people who used to work at these banks no longer do so. Given that banking's outsize paypackets are a product of the post 80's era, why are they returning after the biggest financial crisis in more than 60 years? Apparently it's as a reward for financial innovation. Bernanke's examples of good pieces of financial innovation, not so hot, huh? (1)Credit cards - not very new (2)Overdraft protection (3)Subprime loans No problem with people spening their money as they please, but the banks aren't private. Between nationalisations, guarantees and regulation the financial sector should be acting like public utilities. Interesting but wrong. He's bemoaning the fact that a B.A. serves the same screening purpose that a high school diploma did up until the late 60s, early 70s, the focus on college as a ticket to a decent job and hence a good standard of living. As motivation to improve he compares European secondary education to American, after being appalled at the idea that people are trying to recruit the bottom 40% of the intelligence distribution into college, where they will fail, but will pay money before they drop out. He fails to realise that he's almost certainly not seeing a random sample of the products of European secondary education. The main strengths of the Irish and British systems of secondary education, the only ones I'm vaguely familiar with, are the exit exams, which are brutal, anonymous and fair. They're also available in different gradations of difficulty (usually two, Higher and Ordinary, occasionally three for the subjects people just keep failing, add Foundation.) This means you can stream, and all results are comparable. No trying to compare an A from Podunk High School, west Virginia with one from Philips Exeter Academy. Industrial organisation Sorry if I'm being obtuse but are you making a profit from the average pirate? If you are making money despite them i'd imagine you'd be less sanguine, but if you're making money even from the pirates wouldn't it be in your long term interest to switch to free distribution to grow your user base much, much faster? Obviously the timing is an issue particularly if it'd leave you without much cushion, but shouldn't it be part of your strategy, because otherwise someone else will get there first in that niche and have the fast growth that could otherwise be yours (not necessarily sustainable but fast) Summary: ACLU has turned into a partisan left wing organisation. This is not exactly surprising, and fits Robert Conquest's Three Laws of Politics perfectly. 1.Everyone is conservative about what he knows best. 2.Any organization not explicitly right-wing sooner or later becomes left wing. 3.The simplest way to explain the behavior of any bureaucratic organization is to assume that it is controlled by a cabal of its enemies. How long ago was this? What was the Masters in? I know CS and Comp Ling Masters courses are taught mostly to entirely in English, and it's not hard to find physical science Masters through English in German speaking countries. The Nordic countries ditto, but for humanities degrees as well. Modafinil. Much, much better than coffee. You're just awake, not wired or jittery, just awake and alert. Very little in the way of side effects, doesn't interfere with getting to sleep and no contraindications for long term use either (ttbomk). I can personally recommend sleep sometime in the middle of the day too, a nap when you get home maybe. Best of luck. Summary: There are a ton of sites based on helping students study/cram for college. Some professors don't like it because they can't reuse the exact same questions over and over again every year. Others think it's more or less an extension of a study group, and if there's a problem with people just copypasting answers and such it can be got around by placing less weight on assignments/homework and more on exams, where they really do test just what you actually know. /summons lawyer Apparently one of the sites Cramster, offers worked solutions for even numbered problems (free) and odd numbered (pay $9.95 a month unless you add content yourself) This seems legally dubious to me, on the basis that it's derivative work, like fanfic, so I imagine if one of the big university presses or publishing houses went after them they'd have to pull all that. 1. The average HN reader/commenter is way nerdier than is normal and some late comers to the party that is social skills get aggressive about it. If I can overcome my (para) Asperger's so should you! But it sounds like you're one of those people who are of intersection partyer/social animal & nerd (one interested in knowledge for its own sake) 2. And they don't hang out with people of normal intelligence much. Otherwise they'd know they were smarter than average. [This is not a value judgement on someone's worth as a human being, just on whether they're interesting to talk to on an ongoing basis, or only a few times with interestingness decreasing] 3. I think your problem is not hanging around with smart people. That's it. Occasionally abrasive, intelligent, talkative, argumentative, smart people. Hanging out with people you have to watch yourself with, who you have to consciously tailor your behaviour to is a chore. 4. [asshole] Give me a break. Generalisations work statistically, that's why you've noticed them. If you develop an individual relationship with someone, sure, relate to them as a person, but stupidly huge amounts of human interaction and behaviour can be modelled and gamed if you want to put the time and effort in to learn and apply it. You're over correcting because the cant says that everyone is a special unique snowflake and your experience tells you that's not true but it's not socially acceptable to say that kind of thing. Be more confident in your own experiences [/asshole] 5. Yes, it is, just not with people who get all huffy about this stuff. 6. Hey, if you can get along with everybody at the party even when you've got vanishingly little in common with them, maybe you can go for something where that's useful professionally. Personally I recommend heading to the real big city and hanging out with intellectual peers with a similarly ridiculous range of interests. They might not know what you're talking about but they'll be able to ask intelligent questions, and they'll want to and you'll be able to do the same with them. No, but it is undergoing domain loss. Dialects with their very own army and navy don't disappear. I spend a bit of time in Germany and while I can't speak to phoneme shifts in German because I can't speak the damned language yet, there's pseudo-English all over the place in advertising, street signs, tourist info. But for the advertising really is pseudo-English and sometimes translations are pretty desperate. At the very, very least 10% of Germans have English good enough to hold an intelligent conversation in. ESR is putting too much weight on his personal experience. Most of the Germans I know are CS/Comp Ling or Psychology students and they use lots of English texts in their undergraduate courses and in the computery ones the Masters are all in English. But English is a domain specific language for them. But that's not a language shift. German's not going anywhere. Hell, German dialects aren't going anywhere, most of the Deutschsprecher countries are heavily diglossic, I'd be surprised if Denmark wasn't similar. I think the post could have been written about any of the Germanic languages and it'd be just as wrong. 2/3 of marriages that are the first for both partners end in death. Hey, if he wants leverage he could go live and work abroad for a while where a middle class US lifestyle is livin' it up. Also men's pulling power is a lot less dependent on looks than womens'. dayformaseeyon professseeyonel Don't know about most humans but it's probably the base state for pre-agriculatural humanity, so any ancestry group without long experience of agriculture will probably have higher levels of ADD. Northwestern has a two year J.D. programme. I forget the details but they have inter semester stuff for credit hours. IIRC they're really keen on work experience before letting you in though. Adam Smith Esq. had a good write up on it some time ago. You can practice in NY and possibly some other states with a UK or Irish law degree (undergrad, 3 or 4 years, cheaper). Yeah, but the modal number of copies sold on e.g. Lulu.com is 1 (repeating hearsay seen on 2blowhards.com, I'd check it out but posting from phone) that if you take enough small pseudo random samples, you'll get one far outside the norm eventually, by pure chance. Lots of finance, manufacturing, logistics wealth, trivial amounts of technology wealth (compared to Boston or the Valley.) The expertise isn't there and it has no incentive to move there when there are clusters that are massively more attractive by virtue of the historical forces and path dependence that gave the big clusters a critical mass of expertise and smart money. Is does not imply ought.