A self-paced version of that course is (still) available now: https://class.stanford.edu/courses/Engineering/Compilers/Fal... Possible downside: Apple could end up bidding against Tesla for employees, factories, and rare materials; increasing the price of electric cars and slowing Tesla's production and growth, while not producing many cars itself for some time. That's what I thought at first too, but as I thought about it, I began to wonder. They certainly have the chutzpah to try, and they have an ocean of money to spend overseas. A longshot bet on building another trillion dollar product might be preferable to paying corporate and personal income tax on dividends. I think bdcravens means that to install Go from source on, say, a new Linux box, we will have to download a binary version of Go first, even though we probably already have gcc. What happens if this catches on, and PyPy replaces CPython, and other languages do the same? Hassles for those who prefer to install from source, and potentially a lot of duplication of effort writing compiler backends in every language. After 9/11, a lot of Americans wanted to see "the terrorists" suffer, but there may be something dangerous about a person who can bear to personally inflict the torture. Just having people in power who are willing to order torture worries me. No, I was just pointing out a drawback. Of course there are advantages too. In this particular case, though, I wonder why the Go team is planning to spend a lot of effort rewriting an already existing compiler. Rewriting a popular project from scratch can be a dangerous temptation. I agree the installation issues are fairly trivial; they were just a response to the original comment. But the duplication of effort (which won't end when the "GoGo" compiler is ready to replace cgo), and a potential freeze in Go while "GoGo" catches up, are more serious drawbacks. Yes, that is a trade-off other compiler teams have made, and it may be the right choice for Go as well, but it should be (and no doubt has been) considered. "There is a joy in programming with Haskell. ... There's so much working Haskell code out there, that you can just stare at days for and not really understand (but always use!)." Is that a positive quality of Haskell? A professor once told me he studied pure math _because_ it had no applications. Industrial jobs required a great deal of skill until they were broken down into easy tasks and each worker learned only one task. The work of imagining, planning, and creating the Industrial Revolution occupied the greatest minds of that time. I find it difficult to imagine "assembly lines" for software, creating coding jobs within the reach of a 50 year old truck driver, but as the tools improve, who knows. I agree, but that attitude makes sense from a certain perspective (shared by much of the government, and parts of the media and corporate leadership). It's more like _your girlfriend_ getting mad at your friend for telling you she was cheating. Or "We would have gotten away with it if not for that meddling kid." Along with the legal gymnastics regarding independent contractors, this struck me as notable: "If Solominsky had built his own handyman business, he would not be so impacted by the decisions of another company. But all he has of his supposedly independent business—his pages and pages of glowing reviews, his nearly unanimous five-star ratings—is tied up on the TaskRabbit platform." Something to keep in mind as/before we replace an economy built on independent small businesses with an economy of "independent" Uber drivers, Amazon sellers, etc. Sorry about ruining the joke, but "the French and Indian War" is simply the name Americans gave to their part in the Seven Years War, a worldwide war between France (and allies) and Britain (and allies). Britain did win. For anyone who hasn't seen this story: http://marshallbrain.com/manna1.htm The about page says these photos are curated from the web and submitted by users. How do you ensure that they fall under the Creative Commons CC0 license? Is there a free, light tutorial book like "For Great Good" for OCaml? You can keep an ORM and use SQL only when needed, for example passing raw queries to the ORM, or using a view in the database engine. Or use homegrown database wrapper module(s) and keep compile time checking in the vast majority of the code. I think learning SQL when you already know LINQ is a bit like learning C when you know C#. Knowing one makes it easier to learn the other, and there's value to understanding the underlying abstraction layer, but you'll avoid using it if you can. I really like this book, but I think it may be teaching some bad habits by ignoring performance concerns. Fair enough. I guess I mean to say that I really like this book, and would enjoy more from the author teaching fast Haskell, to supplement this book about simple Haskell. I like the design, but why do you need to be able to create Tweets for your users and follow new people? I stopped when I saw that. I'd like to use this without e-mail, perhaps by building a list of technologies in a query string like https://vulnia.com?vulnerabilities=rails%2C%20ruby%2C%20mong... (naturally, that link doesn't work, or didn't when I wrote this) Thank you for changing the Twitter permissions. I signed up. This has potential. How does it work? My guess: a better RSS reader. This would be a slick design for that. Can I add sources other than the ones you've chosen? I like the short summaries, but where do they come from? I thought it might just be the first paragraph, but for "Feature Friday: Accept Bitcoin With Stripe", the summary comes from the middle of the article. Is it in fact from RSS? Also, I'd like to be able to mark my favorite articles, and view a list of my favorites. That's Grand Canyon Village, the existing visitor center in the National Park. I spent a week there once for a wilderness first responder course; it's very much a small town. The more they deny this is a problem, the more it damages their reputation. They should just admit the problem, thank the security experts, and develop an easy fix. Same problem. "We've limited requests for this url." No paywall via Google: https://www.google.com/search?q=%22Warning:+too+much+finance... I'll do that. Thanks for taking a look. Best of luck to you. I see a lot of hard work in your future. Here's hoping you can scale up fast enough to outpace demand and give everyone a good first impression. If anyone finds this in the future, resetting my router fixed the problem. I think that quote was about performance. Full context: > While it performs pretty well nowadays, it still isn’t competitive with C or C++ and, with a little love, Haskell and OCaml can or will eclipse it in that domain. But don't underestimate C and C++. They're still widely used; by some measures, moreso than Java. But preferable to what happens to abandoned closed source software. > ...providing all the advantages of NoSQL JSON document stores, while providing higher performance and richer functionality (such as native joins, and ACID guarantees instead of BASE consistency) Seems too good to be true. The performance impact of inserting/fetching multiple rows per object, multiple SQL joins for a single logical join, etc. would probably be significant. And indexing these tables seems to require indexing every name/value pair, not just the interesting fields. And, of course, the overhead of the translation layer itself. Also, are relational native joins and ACID guarantees still available at scale? The typical consumer would probably just give the app access to the GPS. The hard part is getting them to download it. Interesting research but not the most practical attack. That's native support for the data type; this paper is about a translation layer that sits on top of the DB. It loaded completely for me the first time, but doesn't allow download. A step toward open access, but they're still trying to claim copyright and control the work of others. My perception of the dress changed when I zoomed in super close on the white/gold version. (the version I didn't "see" before) > Script and Novelty fonts shouldn’t really be used on the web as they do not emphasize readability. Yet this article is full of novelty fonts. Perhaps the author meant to say that script and novelty fonts shouldn't be used for body text. Or the way the Canadian government dealt with the October Crisis in 1970, deploying the military and arresting 497 people, most without charge or bail. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/October_Crisis I've heard a plausible argument that federally guaranteed student loans fueled a huge increase in the cost of college ( http://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id=76 ), and much of the increased income went to administrator salaries and new construction, rather than faculty. Perhaps it's time to force colleges to compete on price. > [From Uber's blog post] On September 17, 2014, we discovered that one of our databases could potentially have been accessed by a third party. A charitable interpretation might be that they discovered a vulnerability in September, but didn't find the May breach until recently. Needs some work to improve both relevance and ranking algorithms. For example: I'm watching the movie JFK, so I tried a search for Jack Ruby. I found a teacher named Jack Ruby's videos, the Ruby Fortune online casino, the bar Ruby Tuesday, and a lot of other irrelevant results. Nothing about the famous Jack Ruby in the first four pages. Every media source is biased. Even The Daily Show and Colbert Report. Even reddit and Hacker News are biased (reddit calls it the hivemind). That's not the same as being a propaganda source for government, unless the only viewpoint anyone is allowed to express is the one approved by the government. Most executives at non-webdev companies don't know anything about Rails, except what their staff and consultants tell them. If a fair number of those executives learn too late about the technical limitations of Rails, they probably do feel burned, and word gets around. http://rosettacode.org/ ? I find that it's similar in the US. Contractors do pay a tax that's paid by an employer (half of the Social Security and Medicare Tax, about 7.5%), but they can also claim more deductions. With long term contracts that provide reliable work, contracting pays well. But without benefits. If simply expressing a point of view is propaganda, we're all propaganda sources. The mainstream media expresses plenty of opinions the government doesn't share. Consider Fox News during the Obama administration. I agree. The media IS big business, owned by even bigger business, and that's their point of view. > monitoring online activities ... on official computers, block content which it feels is adversely affecting productivity ... and also have a right to delete e-mails or internet history Is this unusual in India? In the US this is normal. Or at least, describing the project for one. https://github.com/kanaka/mal/blob/90ab31710e9a495ba3aebf794... The Maven, HTML, C headers, and CSS are just support.