> As a user, ... I like to ... and expect ... Sorry, but the format made me laugh. Mozilla does have some way of dealing with bugs in sites. They're maintaining a site/database which Firefox consults for workarounds. More info: https://www.reddit.com/r/webdev/comments/cd1lob/how_firefox_... Very pretty. > on the 100th or so Python stacktrace Go's not perfect in this respect, either. I had your typical map[string][]interface{}, because the data in the map was an array of records, but different records in different cases, and made an error in an append(), so ended up with nested arrays. That's correct according to the type definitions, but unwanted. Generic could have helped here. So I think the language still needs to grow a bit. It depends on the representation. If the representation is in the FSA format (state, character, state), it becomes nearly trivial. I didn't verify it, but my intuition says that can't be done with a CFG; it seems at least context-sensitive. The first 19th century book to impress me was Nicholas Nickelby by Dickens. It's a British sort of "Les Miserables", A Christmas Carol style. And my wife reads Pride and Prejudice at least once a year. It's a surprisingly modern book, very much worth reading if you don't mind the romance. So be it. Traveling everywhere every time you want isn't a human right. It's a luxury. Until Zuckerberg changes his mind, or something else happens. Then it's back to bitching about governments failing to protect your rights. Money is power, as you imply, and I don't want any of it in Zuckerberg's hands. I have functions that have to deal with hierarchical data objects, JSON like things. All collections are identically typed (although they have optional fields, different length arrays, etc.), but there is more than one type. In order to write simple code, I wanted to write one function that gets them from the database, one to update a single record, one to notify of changes, etc. So my top-level type to cover all of these collections is map[string]interface{}, which in TypeScript would be Map . Then I ran unit tests, and sometimes a weird error cropped up. Turns out I made an error in an append: instead of concatenating two arrays, I added the second array as the last element of the first. That was a time consuming bummer. This problem could have been prevented by two approaches: copying every function for every type, or generics. Go is a nice language, which makes some tasks easy to implement, almost fool proof, but it still lacks in other areas. You're probably most happy on Edge. How was "Merge" proposed in the early 1990s? Hierarchical structures and compositional semantics predate that by decades. If the proposition was Merge as a "universal" operation, then I'd say there is no evidence that our brains implement such an operation, and that it has a very shallow stack, which is domain dependent. That makes such an operation a meaningless abstraction, not suitable for explaining anything about human behavior whatsoever. The billion dollar mistake refers to Hoare's statement, not the fact that it might have been a more or less costly error. And errors in terms of security are not all that matter: a simple crash can cost money too. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Hoare#Apologies_and_retra... I don't think there's any kind of research that could possibly back up claims about the influence of color on something as brand perception. There is only "29 UCLA psych undergrads reacted 18ms faster to small red squares in comparison to small blue triangles on a monitor at 40cm distance in 2003". Do people benefit from gaming the system? Then it surely is being gamed. And they do. Funding and tenure depend on these metrics. > Overwhelmed by the volume of submissions, editors at these journals may choose safety over risk and select papers written by only well-known, experienced researchers. There is a bit of a "circle jerk" in this process: if you know the right people, you can get better reviews. In return, you review their papers or requests favorably. That also leads to repeating authors. I've discovered a foolproof way to make billions of dollars and take controlling interest in the major corporation of your choice. I'll share my secret with you, since I'm all done using my system (hint: if you want to buy any corporation known by three capital letters... forget it.). Step 1: Find somebody you trust to work with you as your partner. Your wife is a good choice, although in a pinch your pet hamster will suffice. Step 2: Create a dot.com company. Building a company with strong technical underpinnings and lead by a passionate and visionary leader is best. However, you can also cycle through e- .com, choosing 's from the dictionary until you find one which isn't used. Whatever. If you find all the names are used, try the dictionary of a foreign language. Step 3: Go public! Issue 1,000,000,000 shares of stock. Keep 999,999,999 shares for yourself, and sell the other share. Step 4: Have your partner buy that share for $100. Step 5: Party!!!!! You now have a $100 billion market cap. Make sure you give interviews to Time, WSJ, and so forth. (If you don't understand why you have a $100 billion market cap, please close your AOL account and go back to your day job; this system isn't for you.) Step 6: Buy the company of your choice, using your $100 billion in stock. (Note: avoid companies created using this system.) Step 7: Retire. You've worked hard, and you deserve it. (edit: source unknown, found on r.h.f a long time ago) But concentrated on the simpler tasks. Rosetta Code has examples for Gaussian Elimination, but no string to number conversion. It also has some really esoteric languages. It's really more of a Rosetta Stone, while Programming Idioms is more of a lookup for the typical but infrequent stuff you (well, I) tend to forget when working in multiple languages. The whole piece is fluff. It focuses on one or two minor, anecdotal observations regarding aspects of ideas about consciousness. The fact alone that in split-brain patients consciousness is often not preserved in the left hemisphere undermines all speculation involving cytological similarities between species. AWK's primary use case is processing a file line by line. It offers a few well thought out mechanisms to do so, allowing you to script relatively complex operations in just a few lines. At the same time, and acknowledging it's not pretty, it's powerful enough to run an http server (not kidding: https://github.com/kevin-albert/awkserver ). So if you want/need to write a script that requires more sophistication than cat, join and sort offer, but you don't want the hassle of setting up IO, field splitting, pattern matching in a more complex programming language, etc., AWK is your friend. Some of examples of my own awk scripts: converting csv to json, counting trigrams, splitting text by words or sentences, getting the one line from a complex and long log file that I needed, pre-processing files before compilation, cross-tabulation, rewriting file paths, converting weird file formats and ad-hoc templating. > for some quick and dirty CSV munging- Tip: if you have quoted fields, use gawk, and FPAT = "([^,]+)|(\"[^\"]+\")"; Not just adversarial. FK simply uses word length as a proxy for frequency, which is obviously wrong. It makes crocodiles and elephants score higher than gybe and vaunt. It also doesn't acknowledge that embedded clauses are more difficult than a "sequence" of clauses, etc. In practice, it'll often point in the sort-of-direction-ish, but you need to take the outcome with a pinch of salt. Here's an almost random, older paper that discussed readability score differences between genres: http://csjarchive.cogsci.rpi.edu/Proceedings/2008/pdfs/p1978... . Their conclusion: ... the analyses confirmed that several frequently used approaches for measuring vocabulary difficulty tend to be structured such that resulting text difficulty estimates overstate the difficulty of informational texts while simultaneously understating the difficulty of literary texts. These results can be explained in terms of the higher proportion of “core” vocabulary words typically found in literary texts as opposed to informational texts. Even then, many of these metrics will prefer "the rat the cat the dog bit chased escaped" over "the dog bit the cat that chased the rat that escaped". They are very, very rough measures, to be used only in case of emergency. > the language of conservatives is simpler than that of liberals? Times have changed. People here seem to have had positive experiences, which may be due to a bit of fanboyism or Apple hate, but a relatively technically capable colleague tried to install Ubuntu onto a Dell recently, and failed: grahpics and network issues; no idea if it could sleep. Two days of work lost, so now he has a mac. I also think she hasn't done enough to deserve the Nobel peace prize, but used and abused? That's not a very honest frame. I sort of agree. I had a project in which I wanted to use Go, but I ended up writing Emacs macros to repeat boiler plate code. That wasn't pleasant, and to me it meant that Go wasn't the most suitable language for that problem. That applies here too: if you find yourself writing too much boilerplate code in favor of an abstraction, try another language. If you want/have to continue in Go, look for another solution. I adhere to "dogfooding": use what you make, and use it seriously. Then you'll understand what design documents so often fail to communicate. Programmers and certainly architects should get onto the work floor, and actually participate in the job, preferably before starting their "real" work, but certainly afterwards. Why Nightly? It's not guaranteed to be rock solid. Django is ok if you have a web site with content and forms that map nicely onto SQL tables. Any 1998 website, basically, with not too much of a load. Any other setup, and it gets messy. > Needing to put dict property names `{'in': 'quotes'}. Now that's a part I like. All that based on an increase in page submissions. Is that the goal of auto-complete? The research behind the number (25%) is highly dubious, because the video cited as the source doesn't tell how it was done. At all. Ironically, it follows a section on how MDN is documenting the standards, and how that "contribute(s) a lot". Not if you've worked on similar problems before, and you don't mind a slow solution (speeding up and keeping it correct is hard). Certainly a lot of exams are filled in using tricks, bordering on superstition. Words that remind a student of a certain kind of solution can cause application of the wrong formula. In that sense, ML, statistical, or "deep learning" models perform a bit like us. Not surprisingly, since co-occurrence plays a large role in our fast intuitions. It also shows that such models are miles away from higher level reasoning. In my experience, doctors, also GPs, are aware of effects on mood. In fact, my SO didn't start taking the pill until it was recommended for precisely those reasons during the (peri)menopause. There is a great deal of uncertainty about which pill will work, if any, but that's hardly surprising, as we have so little knowledge about the brain. I'm sure someone will try to spin this positively for drone delivery: "See? We can't let those poor people suffer. We must think out of the box. I know: let's use unmanned aerial delivery. By the way, did you know my company happens to be in this business?" What's the Spanish Inquisition got to do with this? Are they in your reply because of the word "Spanish", as in "the union between the people of Arragon, Castille and the very same Catalunya, who (re)conquered the Iberian peninsula?" > governments burn libraries Not really. > Catalan separatists are ... pedophiles Is there really anyone who said so? Or are we a bit hyperbolical today? He brings in the Spanish Inquisition because it seems to portray the Catalans at the right side of history. > Regarding the libraries comment, it happens plenty Plenty? It happens, yes, but it is not just governments: individuals organize book burnings, authors too: Vergilius wanted to burn his Aeneis. Meanwhile, the RC church had another tool (the Index), and almost no government burns libraries. I think even the Nazis didn't, and certainly the government of my country isn't burning them. I can see one right across the street, and while it's ugly, it's not on fire. The comment above mine is all hyperbole and whataboutism, probably meant to provoke. I'm not condoning the approach of the Spanish government to github, BTW. All of their governments seem to shoot into a reflex when the unity is at stake, from the Second Republic up to Sánchez. That's stretching the original remark quite a bit, but then also "cypherpunks" are guilty of that. No doubt that they are neo-Nazis: the first event in the calendar is Joseph Goebbels' death day, even though that seems a bit overdone to me. I didn't know they were fond of Gavrilo Prinzip, but his birthday is also there. I'll keep the torrent alive a while, just in case. Dubious, but it's a valuable resource for the organizations that investigate such movements. Also: their family members probably know. I'm still waiting for the content. I had the free subscription, and it was dismal, certainly for someone who doesn't like Marvel. Producing a few chapters of a Star Wars spinoff or another "Beyond Infinity Avengers War Universe" isn't going to bind many people. Their streaming isn't great either. The two times we watched a movie, playback was regularly interrupted, one of which proved impossible to continue that same evening. And no, that never happens when watching Netflix. I think RSX, RT-11 and VMS would like a word. The more bloggers, the more nonsense. > A growing body of evidence suggests Ah, weasel words. How telling. Here's an explanation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVviNyIR-fI It's basically fitting on non-linear transformations of x. Don't worry. I never liked it either. When I found Unix, I was sold. I think it was the pipe (in the shell) that did it. There's a shortage of those workers, so that can't be true. I do agree there are way too many people doing "something in communication", and that waiters don't always work very streamlined, to say it politely. That first line is pure nonsense. Even the "general" interpretation is bloody wrong. People google more symptoms than their own, and not everybody uses google either. FitBit's data is valuable to any party trying to muscle themselves into siphoning some of that health care money. Google is on a war path, but many prefer to stick their heads in the sand. They're not meant to be used like that (and terminate the function, not the block), so the implementation can have more overhead than try/catch. What bothers me about it is that there's no syntax for it: recover as it is looks like a dirty hack. I've been writing my first production software in go this year, and I must say I'm quite favorable towards its error handling now, ugly as it may look. Even during testing there haven't been any crashes except in the places where you can expect them (like writing x := y.(string) when y isn't a string). For me, the only real downside in go: nil pointers in combination with the absence of non-nullable types. He later mentions that newspapers and TV are regulated and held to standards. These could be applied to facebook and twitter too. Not only that: it doesn't change the contents of the speech. > Others believe the answer to #2 is yes. Others believe the success of our program to teaching pigs to fly will greatly improve as we build taller towers.