> Prop 13 ensures that property values -and thus the taxes > due on that property- are only reassessed when a property > changes hands. If you've held on to a property since Prop > 13's passage, your property taxes have not increased in > 37 years. This is an often-repeated myth, but that is not how prop 13 works. Property taxes do increase every year. What prop 13 does is that it sets the yearly increase to 2%. This makes the increases predictable so one can budget for it, but it certainly increases every year. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Proposition_13_%281... (I bought a house in 1997. During the dot.com boom, the market value far exceeded the assessed value. Later when housing crashed, the market value dipped below the assessed value. In the current boom market value has again gone above the assessed value. I expect in the next crash values may reverse again. So all prop 13 does is that it damps the increases to prevent wild swings year to year.) > are only adjusted upon sale of the property While often repeated, that is incorrect. In reality property tax goes up 2% every year under prop 13. Property tax in California is at least 1% (typically a bit higher due to various local fees, but let's say 1% for this example). That means if she bought the property 20 years ago for $150K, the property tax in year one was 1% of 150K, or $1500. Under Prop 13 property taxes go up 2% ever year (compounded). So after 20 years that property tax would be up to roughly $2400. When he grows it'll be very difficult to learn, now is the time when a child can learn many languages very easily. Take the opportunity now! I speak to our toddler in a language my wife doesn't (Finnish) and she speaks to him in a language I don't understand (French). He is fully fluent in both, in addition to English (from daycare/friends). It varies. Sometime saying twice, but most often he (son) will do the translating for us which is great practice. But we also have another shared language we can use (which our son also mostly understands). The tax is not based on the current value nor on the value 30 years ago. It is based on a value which goes up 2% every year. The taxes go up every year but in a predictable way, it is damping function on the wild swings of the bubble/crash/repeat housing market. So it is very easy to see how prop 13 was passed. The real estate tax is one the major yearly budget items for most families. Having it vary wildly and unpredictably year to year is not something most families [who don't earn tech bubble salaries] can handle. The razr still works fine (on tmobile). I still use mine, purchased in 2005, no issues. Battery life isn't great and it's hard to find a replacement battery that works, but it still gets me through the day. I wouldn't necessarily mind upgrading, but the razor is less than 4"x2" and there is nothing else like it available. I have no interest in a larger bulkier phone. > We need software with super long term support release that just get bug fixed for ~20 years. So much this. You can have it though, by sticking with stable open source that no PM looking to make a mark can redesign every year. I've been using mutt for email since the mid 90s, no unnecessary interface changes. In 1997 I set up my very non-technical mother (now almost 90) with a very simple system built around FVWM (very customized configuration), mutt (again customized for simplicity) and emacs (for email editing, custom keybindings). To this day she uses the exact same setup every day. Nothing has changed and nothing can change, so nothing new to confuse her. Assuming you control both sides, which sounds like you do, just run it on a different port in addition to 25. MA allows non-compete restrictions on employees which severely stifles the startup economy. Silicon Valley is what it is largely in thanks to the continuous cross-pollination of talent which is possible due to the lack of non-compete issues. However, just like like whiteboard coding is completely unrelated to real-world coding, this type of whiteboard design is also completely unrelated to the real-world whiteboard design people do in non-interview settings. How many times has a scenario like this happened to anyone: Your manager pulls you in with no warning into a conference room and asks you to architect on the whiteboard a new product completely unrelated to anything the company does or has done so far. And you get 45 minutes to get it correct or you're fired. Right.. never. That's the scenario interview whiteboarding is testing for and it has no real world relevance at all. In an actual job even the most impromptu whiteboarding sessions are related to product context already in your head. And most sessions are scheduled in advance so get to do research and prep work. When I worked as an independent consultant I'd get clients who needed fast turnaround on designing new feature architecture to a product I had not seen before, which is the closest analogy to the interview whiteboard design that I've experienced. Even then, it's completely different. I'll first spend a couple hours with someone senior who can fill me in on all the relevant context. The dynamic is different because they need my help and are paying for it so they are highly motivated to give me all the context I need to help them. Only after that we go to the step where I whiteboard a few proposals and then we collaboratively decide which way to go. I'm quite good at this. Interview whiteboard design is a different skill entirely, one which I don't believe has any relevance to job performance. Might be a good way to hire improv theater actors, but not engineers. Having to go from zero to solution in 45 minutes or less is not how it works in the real world. And doing so while being nitpicked by an interviewer more interested in showing off doesn't help. Instead of collaborating, the interviewer is there to grudgingly drop the occasional hint and then count it against you. Yes, exactly! I've been in the tech (software) industry over 25 years now, nearly all of those years here in Silicon Valley. Worked in everything from 3 person startups to the largest of enterprises. I feel good about saying I've never made a bad hire (meaning: I've never come to regret saying "hire", everyone I have given the thumbs up after an interview has turned out to be a fine contributor). I don't ask candidates to code, I don't ask them to come up with whiteboard architectures out of the blue or any of these silly artificial techniques that don't measure anything relevant. Here's what I do: I carefully read their resume. I have a conversation about the projects they have worked on. I encourage them to talk about what jobs/projects/tasks they liked and disliked and why. What they found easy vs. hard and why. And what they want to work on next and why. That's it. Works extremely well. I wish everyone would try it. You'll find it is very easy to pick out those who padded their resume. You can't actually have a meaningful conversation about what you loved and hated about working on foo if you didn't do it. Indeed. I would easily take at least a $25K pay cut in exchange for a private office where I can actually get work done. Maybe more. Very important lesson that we as an industry need to learn better. > (low property taxes AND they never increase) Under Prop 13, property taxes go up 2% every year. Sure, that doesn't quite keep up with appreciation in boom years, but not the same as "never increase". > Around me in SF an entry level home at $1M would have a tax bill of $10,000. But it’s locked forever. Property tax in CA goes up 2% every year. So, year 0: $10,000 year 1: $10,200 year 2: $10,404 And so on... maybe it doesn't go up as fast as you'd like (until you own a place) but it is by no means locked in. mutt Nothing better! About a year ago a recruiter from a NYC company called me about a role which sounded interesting. Then they said the initial part of the interview was to write a project for them, which essentially amounted to "rewrite memcached in go". I must assume they were looking for free labor under the guise of an interview. I strongly suspect there was no job. I offered to do the work for $200/hr, never heard back. Actually, I did hear back over six months later when the same recruiter contacted me again with the same story. I reminded him that we already talked about this long before. Never do work for free under the excuse of an interview. How long would you like to be able to access this content? If it is for the long haul, plain text is the only way to go (org-mode, etc). Any proprietary commercial solution will fade away in a handful of years. At best, you might be able to extract the content before they shut down but structure and metadata may be lost. Open source self-hosted solutions will last much longer but even in that case it might get to a point the source has been abandoned so long that it becomes difficult to keep going. Only plain text will survive. I have plenty of notes in a more or less organized directory tree, dating back to the late 80s. I find it interesting that experiences in the same area can be so vastly different. I live in the bay area (Silicon Valley, not San Francisco, maybe that is the difference?), been commuting 60-70 miles a day here for 22 years and I have seen a car run a red light exactly once. I remember the time clearly because it was such an outlier, something that essentially never happens. From the 80s I miss the variety of computer systems at the consumer level. Apple ][, C64, Tandy Model 3/4 and the CoCo, OS/9 and more. When it became clear everything would converge to x86, that made me sad. The world is just that much more boring without variety. I miss programming in assembly. Slapping together frameworks with some sample code from Stack Overflow just doesn't provide the same mental satisfaction. I miss interviewing in the 90s. No white board algorithm puzzles or such nonsense. Just a conversation to see if your interests matched the role and you're hired. (I guess I don't miss the low salaries which were on par with any office workers in non-tech fields, nothing like today. But the good side was that everyone was in tech for the sheer love of it, not to make a buck.) But what I truly miss (nostalgia aside) is when Silicon Valley used to be about technology. The big names in Silicon Valley were all actual technology companies: Sun, SGI, HP (the good original HP, not the ink maker). The product was the technology and the culture reflected that. Engineers were in charge and the goal was to make better technology. Today the product is advertising and the goal is just to drive more eyeballs. Engineers have become commoditized and micromanaged (agile) by PMs who are driven by advertising goals. (PMs as we know them today did not exist.) Except for Apple, none of the big names today (FAANG) are tech companies anymore. Agreed. The best way to interview is to simply have a joint discussion about their past projects (from resume). There is no value in whiteboard puzzles. It is easy to gauge who is competent and who didn't do or didn't understand the work they claim on the resume. In over 25 years of interviewing candidates, this approach has never failed me. I've never asked for whiteboard coding. Whiteboarding architectural concepts, sure. The only caveat is the interviewer needs to have substantial experience in the same field to spot the wheat from the chaff in a casual conversation. If the interviewer is very junior, I can see how this might not work. Solution: don't have your most junior people run the interviews. A very good solution here is ZFS. Office file server runs ZFS and makes regular ZFS snapshots (hourly, or more often). Snapshots are immutable so even if the employee machines get infected, nothing can be lost (except the last N minutes since the last snapshot). Obviously, still have to do backups (off of those snapshots). Not from the machines which typically get infected, which are the employee desktops accessing the file server. If the malware manages to get itself running on the file server itself (and with root privileges), then sure. That's not a common case though. One would hope so, that was 15 years ago. But Niagara was supremely cool back then. I still have a T1000 on a rack at home (not that I use it anymore). The price per sq.ft. will never approach the average in any important city. https://www.visualcapitalist.com/interactive-map-price-per-s... This race to the bottom, as parent poster said, is from a generation of developers hyper-specializing in interview-style problems. These problems are tiny and self-contained and have a slick solution which can be regurgitated onto a whiteboard in about 30 minutes give or take. While that is not a negative skill to have, it is also not a skill that I'd list anywhere in the Top-25 of most valuable skills for productive developers. I can tell you how I do it and would certainly recommend it as the way it should be done. For some context, I've been interviewing software engineers for about 25 years in companies ranging from established multi-nationals to tiny startups in very fast headcount-growth mode. I'm in silicon valley. I can say that I've never regretted a hire I said yes to, so the method works to my satisfaction. It'd be nice to think I have some special skill here but I really don't. This is just how interviewing was done in the 90s. To some of the younger generations, I've been told it sounds crazy. If you send me your resume I'll actually read it, carefully. If the person described in this resume fits the background experience the role needs, you get an interview. During the interview we'll talk about all those projects you worked on that are relevant to this role. Which parts you enjoyed the best and why? Which parts were boring and why? Which parts were the most challenging and why? What you find too easy and why? What would you have done differently? Could you have? If you were to do the same project all over how would you approach it? Other open ended conversations along these lines. I don't ask anyone to whiteboard code, that's not part of the job so it's not part of the interview. No puzzles, no trivia-pursuit style questions. It works great. You can't BS your way through such a conversation with a senior technical peer if you didn't actually do the work described in the resume. You just can't. It is, however, vital that the interviewer must be a expert in the field. If we're talking about the same kind of thing, I don't consider those to be skills. For example I've seen resumes which list every javascript library they've ever used. Or every UNIX command they know how to run or similar minutia. This tells me the person doesn't know the difference between skills and implementation details, so I don't need to proceed to an interview. After hurricane Maria in September 2017 the entire island of Puerto Rico was without power. There was nowhere you could drive out of the blackout area since it was everywhere. A few luckier people got power back in one to two weeks, a small minority. My family in the greater metro area of San Juan got power back after two months. Friends in smaller cities only got power after three to five months. There are communities in the mountains which still don't have power today, almost two years later. If you haven't lived through anything like this, it is a useful mental exercise to think how you'd prepare for it. There is so much, but difficult to find any one link to summarize.. After a bit of searching found this page which is a similar blog-style page except has snippets from many different people. In Spanish. https://www.refinery29.com/en-us/2018/09/209947/huracan-mari... For English language coverage, search for videos by David Begnaud of CBS News who was on site and provided excellent reporting. Startup activity did in fact not emerge in SF. Silicon Valley was traditionally the Santa Clara valley area (roughly, San Jose/Los Gatos to Palo Alto/Menlo Park). There were no tech jobs in SF (outliers aside, of course), it was a hippy city an hour north of Silicon Valley. It it only during the present decade that startup activity has appeared in force in SF, away from Silicon Valley. Due largely (I believe) to the tax breaks SF created in 2011 to encourage that. Email infrastructure is very important for an open and interoperable Internet, way too important for us (techies) to abdicate it to gmail. That alone is a good motivator to run your own email services. Of course, there are other benefits. "It's way too hard" is a HN meme I've noticed regularly. It's really not, if you have any tech skills or the willingness to learn. I set up my email server in two days between jobs in 2011 and it's been running with minimal attention ever since. I don't have precise numbers, but to try to give some context I'd say about 2-4 hours a year worth of maintenance. Over the years I've expanded it to handle a few more domains (consulting companies for self and family members). No issues. To anyone even slightly interested or curious in the technology, just do it. You'll gain some freedom, gain some experience and help (even if just a grain of sand) decentralize the Internet. Don't fear the naysayers. Because it is hurting the would-be renter group even more? I personally know two people who are renting rent-controlled apartments in SF and don't live in them. Their lives have moved elsewhere and they don't need the place anymore. One uses it as a weekend getaway and the other one visits rarely. Thanks to rent control their rent is so cheap that it's worth hanging on to it even though they don't live there. So these two units are off the rental market effectively forever, sitting empty most of the time. > it is ridiculously profitable to rent out your property right now I'd be curious if you can share specific numbers on where this is true? Where in CA can I buy a house/apt and rent it out for more than the mortgage+insurance+taxes+maintenance? A link to the MLS listing would be appreciated. Every now and then I look at housing costs vs. rental income to consider buying some investment property. But the numbers never work out, I'd always end up loosing money to rent it out. > (That's ignoring the cost of paying your electric bill, not sure if that changes the math much..) If we ignore the cost of gas, it'll also change the math... Needless to say, need to include all costs for a fair comparison. A few years ago when my wife had a Fiat 500e and I was commuting on a 1988 Honda CRX (~40 mpg). The energy cost was higher for the Fiat than the Honda at the time. (Electricity is very expensive in CA). Gas has gone up lately (but then, so has PG&E), I haven't run the numbers in recent years. Might be a wash now. Gas an electricity prices vary widely so do the math for your area, but don't ignore any costs. Once you're established a reputation in a company and been there for a while, it is relatively easy to go remote with them. It is always a temptation. The risk is what happens when that job is done and you find yourself in the boonies with no meaningful tech work within hundreds of miles? I was at Sun during the era when they made a big push to get people to give up their offices (save on real estate) and go remote, work from anywhere! It was so tempting to move to Hawaii and keep the silicon valley salary. I'm glad I didn't. I know many people who did. When Sun was over, they found themselves owning farmland in the middle of nowhere, no job and no possibility of getting one in the area. > I do not want to work for a company that does NOT test my technical skills; if they don't verify my skills that means they don't verify others and I'd prefer to work skilled engineers (with exceptions for entry-level or junior engineers). This statement is assuming that short coding challenges measure something relevant to job performance. If everyone agreed that is true, this debate would not exist. We'd all agree it is filtering for the correct skills, we'd all hire the right people. But the fact that it is such a perpetual debate is because a substantial percentage of developers disagree. I have certainly never seen any coding challenge (whether whiteboard or not) that has any relevance to the job. So as an interviewer I don't subject people to it. Precisely. It can't be done. This does assume that the interviewer is an expert in the area and can take that friendly conversation to the necessary depths. Step 1: Step away from Ruby. I loove ruby, it's my first choice for scripting wherever performance doesn't matter. No way around the fact that it very slow though. > California average is 16.06¢ Not sure how they come up with such a number, but California is large and has many electricity providers. But for PG&E in the Bay Area, let me quote from my PG&E electric bill here in hand: Daytime: $0.53476 (delivery) + $0.25069 (generation) = $0.785/kWh Part-peak: $0.28917 (delivery) + $0.10643 (generation) = $0.396/kWh Night: $0.13578 (delivery) + $0.03968 (generation) = $0.175/kWh The cheapest rate is 17.5 cents per kWh, that is late at night (currently after 11pm, soon to be changed to be after midnight). Daytime rate is 78.5 cents per kWh! This is PG&E in the Bay Area. Important context here is that there never was any storm. Shutting power as winds approach hurricane force is very sensible. Here (bay area) this week, the forecast was for winds in the 30mph range with gusts into the 40s. Windy yes, but hardly a storm. The kicker is the winds never arrived. PG&E shutdown was scheduled for noon Wednesday but there no wind at all. So they postponed it to 8pm. At 8pm, no wind either. No further news from PG&E. At 11pm they cut power. Still no wind (maybe gusting to 2mph). Overnight - no wind. Next morning - no wind. Nature really called them out here to highlight it was purely a political move. PG&E postponed the shutdown a few times waiting for the wind but when it never arrived they shut power down anyway. Agreed. I arrived at programming through math (B.S. in Mathematics) and have no love for FP. At the end of the day all software (except hobby projects) is mostly about maintaining it. FP adds unnecessary complexity, abstraction and obfuscations. None of those qualities help code maintenance. > The only way for a human being to be able to survive outside in air hotter than 35C is if the air is dry so it is possible to cool by sweat evaporating. Spend some time in the tropics to easily disprove that misconception. Having grown up in the caribbean where it is often more than 35C (95F) and quite humid, I'm still alive. (Also, never had air conditioning, couldn't afford it.) That's not a comparison of external cloud vs. self hosted though. It is a comparison of different operating models with respect to change control. Either one can exist in both external vs. self-hosted infrastructure. I've been in places where the engineering team plugs in an old PC under a desk somewhere, gives it a public IP address of there's the production server. That's the self-hosted equivalent of the engineering team having full AWS access and any change is a mouse click away. I've also experienced places where any change does take a week or two of approvals even though it is hosted on public cloud. There is a time and place for all approaches. What works best with a three person startup putting up a MVP is quite different from what is best in a very large corporation operating in a regulated environment. Did you file 83b election when exercising at market price? If yes, you already paid the taxes (which were $0). If not, there may be taxable income at vesting periods. Talk to tax professional. I'm certainly not one. Not OP, but also run my own email server, using postfix, since 2012. It is sad that there is such a widespread belief it is impossible to do unless you're google. Decentralization of basic internet services helps everyone, so if you're at all interested and willing to learn, go for it! There are plenty guides on setting up postfix. Follow them, cross reference a few, read the docs and use the various free email test sites to sanity check everything. If you've never done it before, expect to dedicate 2-3 days to this. Ongoing maintenance is approximately nothing. > smartphone-ify Not sure exactly what you meant, but that sounds terrible. On my Nikon DSLR I can adjust just about any setting using physical buttons, very fast, most often without even taking my eye off the viewfinder. The camera UX is optimized for speed and efficiency. On a phone, I'd be scrolling through touch screen menus to do anything. By the time a shot is taken the subject is long gone (unless it's static scenery). Let's Encrypt makes this easy to automate and get notified of any problems on renewal.