That's a fair comment. I must admit that it's specifically Kevin Rose who uses that term a lot. John. 28. John. I agree with PG on this. I'm trying to fix this problem with Wildfire: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... John. I know of at least one company that uses this as a way to determine the growth of their competitors. They simple poll weekly and understand growth and the trend over time. John. An insight into how billionaires think in NYC comes from Mayor Bloomberg who takes the subway to work. That's way cheaper than parking in Manhattan. John. Interesting. Reminds me of something I set up a while ago: http://imlonely.org/ John. Perhaps someone is finally doing a POPFile ( http://getpopfile.org/ ) as an Outlook plug-in. John. The entire up vote/down vote thing needs to go away. Voting on a story should be related to an action that the user is taking which implies an up/down vote. For example, in my Facebook application Wildfire stories are up voted only if you pass then on to your friends. As you mentioned to me yesterday, delicious/popular is interesting because it's based on pages people bookmarked for themselves. John. It sure seems like it. Of course the right thing to do is actually implement Digg inside Facebook... like this: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/wildfire-has-launched.html John. Is that you, Kevin Rose? John. 39 + BA Mathematics and Computation + DPhil in Computer Security Well I can add my little web site UseTheSource to the list of dead ideas. It's "Digg" but just for code. www.usethesource.com. John. I agree. I was amazed that she mentioned using version control. Anyone here not using version control? John. I do use email as my TODO list, but I publish the length of the queue for all to see. Makes me deal with stuff just knowing that anyone could be looking. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/06/measuring-my-inbox-depth.htm... John. cmdrtaco does have a point. These community news sites are great when the community reflects your views, but once the community grows they stake to not reflect your views. One way to correct this is to only get news from a group that is similar to you (for some definition of 'similar'). One attempt to do this is my Wildfire application for Facebook which shows you news from your friends. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... John. Thanks for the feedback. I'll look into implementing those changes. I'm not sure why I chose that particular checksum... it's been a while since I wrote this. John. Having worked for a top-line VC firm and sat through _a lot_ of presentations I agree with the article. Standing to present feels weird. The general atmosphere in a VC meeting is that everyone around the table is having a discussion, the slides are there to facilitate the discussion. John. I love Trac. I use it for a commercial project of mine ( http://www.extravalent.com/ ) and I use the Wiki to provide the documentation to my end users, I use the bug database and I use the SVN integration. John. I use Clickatell and like the service. At 250k messages you're getting a 23% discount. At today's prices 250k messages will cost $12,000. John. Care to share the pricing of mBlox (privately if necessary). I'm currently paying Clickatell about 0.06 per message. John. Back in the mists of time I wrote code in BASIC and assembly for the Research Machines 380Z/480Z computers. When they came out with their Z-NET network I reverse engineered (with a friend) the packet send/receive APIs and we built on top of it a reliable transport protocol that would enable us to guarantee delivery of about 128 bytes of data to a machine on the network. The entire code was stuffed into an unused block of data within the operating system and when a packet was received the receiving code would get an interrupt and would promptly CALL the code in the packet. We were able to reliably deliver 128 bytes of machine code and have it execute on any machine. This turned out to be very cool because it enabled us to build a complete package for network management and monitoring (we could do stuff like mirror the screen on any machine to another one). John. First computer I used was a Sharp MZ-80K. First computer I owned was a BBC Micro Model B. John. I often do work on an hourly basis. Suppose I charge $500/hour and write a function in one hour that a less skilled programmer charging half my rate does in four hours. Guess who gets paid the most. John. The iPhone comparisons make me laugh since the N810 is not a phone! John. SV is very expensive. I think London is a perfectly good place. John. Speaking as a resident of France, the fact that he was a French civil servant was not lost of me :-) John. That is related because as I was debugging my scripts I figured I'd use the Microsoft Script Debugger. Big freakin' mistake. The debugger crashed and took IE with it. I use OS X most of the time and Linux most of the rest of the time. Every time I go back to Windows to do something Microsoft finds a way of kicking me in the teeth. John. Thanks. I'll do that. John. This was a pretty heavy prototype/scriptaculous based application. I'm pretty familiar with the YUI stuff, but have never used jQuery. How does it compare to prototype? John. Me too. Trac is nice if you are using Subversion. John. Implement tags and filter by tag. John. The nice thing is that tags are folders and so you can use POPFile ( http://popfile.sf.net/ ) to do automatic tagging. John. My experience is that you should _plan_ as if you have 40 hours a week per developer because you are going to be wrong and end up needing more time than you expect. The work after 40 hours is just keeping you on schedule. John. Yes, but that $1B is only calculated using the special Facebook RDF. John. The use of the color distance measure turns out to be important in spam filtering because of the 'Camouflage' trick used by some spammers where similar, but not identical colors are used to mask chunks of 'good' text inserted to try to fool spam filters. From http://www.jgc.org/tsc/ Camouflage (GWI!Camouflage!HTML) What: Like Invisible Ink, but instead of using identical colors (e.g. white on white) use very similar colors. Date added: June 2, 2003 Example from the wild: The colors 1133333, 123939, and 423939 are chosen to be very similar without being the same) those rearing lands Plasticine sex-cartoons. eel harness highest Absolutely new category of adu1t sites. nobody jets held Northumbria- diamond sleep Seems like the sort of thing that could take off on Facebook. My Wildfire app is 'similar' in that it uses the social graph to spread news http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=2399397752 John. Just adding tagging plus tag filtering would do a lot. John. OK, but the disadvantage (that everyone gets all content) is a pretty big one. That means that Joe User gets the admin page sent to them hidden using CSS. If you want to cache individual pages for users then you can do that with a standard cache mechanism (e.g. memcached) and just expire the cache when you decide an update is necessary. John. It would be cool if he system looked at what links I clicked on and then didn't vote up. That could be used to get an idea of what I didn't get excited about; perhaps that would could as a fractional vote down. John. I made the following comment over at reddit on this story; thought it might be of interest here: As part of building the test suite for the POPFile project I built my code code coverage module that produced colored files (one per source file) indicating which lines had been exercised by the test suite and which had not. Each line is colored green if the test suite executed it, red if not. Lines are numbered. An example of this can be found here: http://popfile.sourceforge.net/Module.html The code that does this is part of the POPFile project under the GPL. John. I have no idea what my wife's cell phone number is; I entered it in mu cell phone once and I just think of her as 2# :-) John. No one else took you up on this, but my mother is definitely curvy. John. OK, now I know why no one else replied. I feel weird about talking about my mother that way. Agreed. I'm currently working 50%. I work every other week on a consulting job that pays the bills for an entire month for me and my family. The other 50% it's my time (and some extra time with the little ones). John. Sure. I'm doing two types of work mainly: software development and management consulting. On the software development side of things I've been doing work on the backend of web sites (the most well know is http://www.signal-spam.fr/ ). On the management consulting side I'm helping a start-up that's growing rapidly to put in place some appropriate processes in engineering so that they don't explode :-) I arrange my schedule like that by telling clients that I'm not available at certain times (the times I want for myself), using the white lie that I'm busy with a different client (which just happens to be me). So far, two years now, I've managed to juggle that and bring in enough money. But there's been some standard of living decline as purchases for expensive items (say that new video camera I'm ogling) have been delayed. John. On the 'two chicks' thing, there's no need to be a billionaire for that. There are plenty of countries where prostitution is legal and you could do two chicks. John. Thanks. I told the right person about it. John. Seems like a reasonable goal to me. I already know that a number of people use POPFile to do things like sort "interesting" from "uninteresting" messages (e.g. one journalist uses POPFile to automatically filter out press releases that don't interest him). However, one issue with comments is that they can be short leaving not a lot of text to work with. John. I don't remember exactly how many hours I worked on http://l8tr.org/ , but it wasn't more than a day. Now l8tr gets constant use, but I'd hardly call it a start-up. Tagmindr sounds similar, a useful little thing that happens to be on the web. John. And that coming from a guy whose name is 'merkin' :-) This doesn't surprise me. I'm in a different part of Europe that's getting the iPhone in a few days, and I won't be rushing out to buy it. Sure, it looks like a nice piece of kit, but if I'm going to upgrade from my RAZR... 1. 3G please. Since the iPhone is expensive I expect it to be able to act as a decent modem for my MacBook Pro when I'm on the road. EDGE has a theoretical top speed of 200Kbps, but is more like 90Kbps in practice. Whereas I can go out and get a 3G+ (up to 36Mbps) modem for my computer for 9 EUR plus a contract. 2. Poor camera at price point. The Nokia N95 is similarly priced but has a much better camera (5 megapixel with a Zeiss lens and a flash). 3. While we're on the topic of the similarly priced N95 it also has GPS and is 3G+ and EDGE so satisfies point #1. And it has WiFi. The N95 probably loses on the screen and the "Apple experience" of very well integrated applications. Also, it's kind of ugly. 4. Non-interchangeable battery. This is a big deal for anyone like me who travels a lot. So the iPhone looks expensive, nicely packaged, but not compelling. I'll wait for v2. John.