quite right, but "you are the product" is obviously even more true of Google, selling you to advertisers, right? Microsoft just wants you to want their product. Google wants to know everything about you so they can sell you to advertisers. More and more, to all companies, especially tech companies, we are commodities to be sold. Well, sure, and if everybody installed effective ad blocking software so they never saw a google ad, that would decrease the load on google's servers too. What you're asking for is awesome, but.... it's really hard to do well. The extra abstraction is hard to get right. Instead a bunch of decoupled components playing well together, you can wind up with a bunch of chaotic components having their dependencies changed out from under them, and seriously raising the barrier to entry for newbie developers who need to figure out how to put humpty dumpty back together again to actually build an app. Rails 2->3 tried to the general route you're talking about (but still with language API connections, not REST. That would be even harder in some ways) --- with, well, mixed success. And Rails starts out lower level (much less UI built-ins) than django, another thing that would make it even harder. I've had many failures in personal homegrown projects. :) Abstraction is hard. To do super high level of architecture abstraction _well_ takes experience and skill, as well as more developer resources. It's easy to go off into architecture astronaut adventures, and you end up spending all your development time trying to keep the parts working together, significantly sapping resources to actually, you know, provide new functionality. That said, there is certainly such a thing also as too little abstraction and too much tight-coupling too, obviously. There is a happy medium. Plus, it's actually really HATEOS that gives you discoverability, not just any old REST. But either way, I agree with you, while the theory is that if you do it 'right' one way or another it's self-documenting, I have yet to see an API which doesn't need good documentation to be usable. Well, actually, that's a lie, I've seen at least one: The TinyURL "api". Which is obviously extremely simple. Until I read the comments I didn't get what this was supposed to be --- ghostery for the win, blocks Facebook Social Graph and Facebook Social Plugin. > So even though the row has (from our perspective) a non-zero value, MySQL sees it as matching zero. What? Why does MySQL return the row with 'y' in it (in a 'binary' column) when you ask for "where row = 0'? wtf is going on here? That seems to be the real culprit here. I assume it's MySQL's 'helpful' conversion routines again, but I'm just assuming, I don't understand the details. i suspect a bunch of high profile projects already HAVE fallen apart; they just haven't fallen apart in high profile ways. "Still working on it" messages gradually decreasing in frequency until everyone forgets. The REALLY weird thing is that "cross platform exemption." This guy was NOT doing what that section of the ToS was meant to prohibit. But let's say someone else had an app that really was, that was doing in-app purchases without giving apple their 30% vigorish.... all you have to do is make it for Android too, and Apple will let you? Really? Does this really work? pretty sure it doesn't. The dude is in Europe. Most people in Europe don't even have credit cards, really. Credit card infrastruture is way less developed in Europe. (Let alone 'less developed' parts of the world, which still have developers). The whole world is not the US. I would really like to see an option in Turbolinks to be opt-in instead of opt-out. Instead of applying the pjax-type behavior to all links unless they have data-no-turbolink, only apply to links that have data-turbolink (or ideally a completely unobtrusive option to do $(node).turbolink() or $(node).data("turboLink", true) or something. Although this is made more complicated by turbolinks intentional lack of jquery dependency). Probably not too hard to add it to it. Maybe i'll get around to making up a patch myself if nobody else does. But I'd be a lot happier with turbolink on a link-by-link opt-in basis. Hmm, I wonder if there's any way to have an event on page:change that somehow _sends_ a document.ready trigger. So it will trigger all document.ready hooks, without any changes to the code hooking into document.ready (which of course could come from third-party dependencies you can't easily change to use page:change themselves, and which may not want to be changed to have turbolinks-related code in them). Might be easier if your code exclusively uses jquery's ready rather than native DOM onload or whatever. But yeah, either way, this is a bunch of added logic that can go wrong, I'm not super enthused about it myself. Google's business interests are weird here. They presumably were getting _paid_ by Apple for maps integration. Do they really want to say "Sure, stop paying us, and for free we'll make sure to provide an app of our own to your customers that's just as high quality?" On the other hand, Google is certainly otherwise often in the business of providing free apps to people that they try to get as many people as possible to use on other people's devices (I mean, Android. On the other hand, even though Android is theoretically free, i think every device maker that uses it has a paid contract with google). It's pretty unclear what Google's interests and plans are when it comes to this stuff. Interesting, I had not heard of Foundation before, and am interested in checking it out to see how it does with the few things that annoy me about Bootstrap. So appreciate the pointer. But when I go to the Foundation web pages... I've clicked like 5 times, have managed to get to the Getting Started page, and I still haven't seen any code examples of how to actually use it. Note that the Bootstrap docs start with and are centered around examples; it _starts_ by telling you how to install it and start using it. Every 'feature' element on the home page is right next to a code example showing how to do it. I think Bootstrap's documentation is actually a huge part of it's success. If you're wondering why Bootstrap caught on where Foundation didn't, I think that's probably part of it. Foundation's docs _look_ as pretty as Bootstrap's (which is a good sign given the nature of the products), but they aren't done as well for getting people to dive in quick or overview of how the code actually works quick. Writing good docs is a skill of it's own, and whoever does it for Bootstrap has definitely got it. You can get started with Bootstrap _so_ fast, because the docs are written with that goal in mind and achieve it. oh yeah, perfectly straightforward, only took several thousand words to confusingly explain. Nope, not simple. Yep, this is a git usability problem. In the ruby/github world, people generally violate this and DO rewrite 'public' history in order to get 'cleanness', primarily because almost ALL history is 'public', since you tend to show people work in progress on github, or just push it there to have a reliable copy in the cloud. And yes, this sometimes leads to madness. I've never even looked at any linux source code, but I still know there's too much of it to believe Linus reviews and signs off on every single commit personally. And yet if you _don't_ push it to the server, then nobody else can see it. And don't you want other people to see develop branches to give feedback and even to collaborate on writing? In practice, what everyone does is they DO rewrite history on those pushed dev branches, and they TRY to avoid the world of hurt by some convention for keeping track of what branches are 'development branches', and knowing that their history can change, and thus not _pulling_ from these branches into anything except a branch that does nothing but track the dev branch. And then using 'rebase' in just the right way on your local copy of that dev branch, when you need to. And then winding up in that world of hurt when something goes wrong. Contrary to all the git apologists in this thread, i think it is one of the biggest usability problems with git. I'm not familiar enough with the other dcvs to know if they manage to do this better. I do know for all that, branching/merging is still a hell of a lot better than it was with svn. What I myself tend to do is avoid ever rewriting history, sacrificing 'cleanness' for reliability and safety. Except when I'm working on a dev branch for an open source project where they insist upon it, and then I worry, and mess up a lot, and spend lots of time recovering from my mistakes. > merge pains are reduced by frequently dealing with smaller rebase merges instead of trying to do one massive merge at the end when I'm finished with a longer life task that might last a week or two. The more often you merge the less painful it is. You can take care of that just by doing frequent regular merges, no need to do rebase ever, and rebase doesn't make this part any easier, does it? I think the 'cleaning part of history', and trying to avoid those annoying merge commits in the logs, is in fact the only reason to do rebases, no? It's obviously an important one to many people. you sure those aren't debit/check cards? May also vary in different European countries. http://www.foreignersfinances.com/money-around-the-world-cre... I think most of those fancy debit/check cards do not have visa or mastercard serials, and thus can not be used to pay American websites that take credit cards (unlike American debit cards that have visa serials and use the same processing network as credit cards). how about, say, RSS/Atom feed autodiscovery links in ? how about s at end of for load performance instead of in ? there's always edge cases. it's asking for trouble, sez me. While it's more frustrating to have no control over the reliability, I suspect that most companies could not achieve the level of reliability from AWS by self-hosting, at anywhere close to the cost (inc. stafftime). Nothing is 100%, and getting as close to 100% as you can gets exponentially more expensive the closer you get. Of course, this could change if AWS's reliability trends downward. But it's never going to be 100%, and neither is anything you do yourself. I wonder if US East just has a LOT more customers. wonder if anyone's been keeping and publishing statistics on exactly how often AWS US East has been down. Perhaps it's more than I thought. Of course, most failures haven't been effecting _all_ of US East, so maybe what would be interesting to look at is just _some_ customer's data on exactly how much downtime they had in the past 3 years or whatever. Without knowing what the uptime/downtime was, hard to say how terrible it was, or how it compares to other options. yes. Absolutely. This is the number one rule of writing APIs. If you use an api of any kind, from open-source code API's, to proprietary black box HTTP api's -- you can _definitely_ tell when the api developers have a strong understanding of the use cases, and when they don't. The best way to get a strong understanding of the use cases is to write a client. This is what "dog fooding" means. Amount of times I've gotten a robocall from a politician so far: 0 Amount of times I've gotten a robocall from Rachel at Cardholder Services -- approximately twice a week for the past four months. Why would I be annoyed at politician robocalls I don't get? > tl;dr If you have problems with MongoDB, you aren't using it right. Read the documentation more carefully, and then when that doesn't work, hire an expert. I'm getting the idea that is rather challenging to use mongoDB right. While there's certainly a place for power tools that can only be used by highly trained experts or you risk disaster... that kind of goes against the idea that mongodb has anything to do with 'simplicity', don't it? I have ("Hey, how about you pay me 80% of my salary for 80% time?"), but I work at a university. And 80% is the lowest one can go in HR rules here and still get health insurance. (If the US acted like EVERY other non-poor country and had nationalized health insurance, this would be a LOT easier). And they actually probably end up getting quite a bit more out of me than actual 80% time, I end up working longer hours on the days I do work than I used to, but not so long that I'm working as much as I used to, and it's worth it to me to get a 3 day weekend every week. > 20 hour work weeks don't usually lead to more life experiences, in my experience. You just have more time to focus on side-projects or hobbies. Um, right, by focusing on side-projects and hobbies, you get more life experiences is the idea. Certainly you get more diverse life experiences. Actually, can you really do dynamic inheritance in ruby? I don't _think_ so. There are ways to apply inheritance dynamically at runtime of course (including with module mix-ins, which are basically just inheritance even though ruby pretends it isn't), but I don't think you can _undo_ inheritance at runtime. You can easily simulate dynamic inheritance in ruby.... with composition, using delegate-like patterns. I think, honestly, nobody really knows for sure, not even lawyers. The law is unclear (in the US anyway) -- especially when DRM is involved. Even though you hate the federal reserve bank, did you see the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis published a working paper critical of software patents recently? http://research.stlouisfed.org/wp/2012/2012-035.pdf Also way back in 2004, Alan Greenspan, then chair of the fed, questioned patents. http://www.federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/speeches/2004/200402... Even those that don't hate the fed can get behind hating patents. > Speech recognition, for example, is very patent-intensive." The nytimes article with the guy who DID spend lots of time trying to innovate in speech recognition, recognized as a genius in the field, who was driven out by someone elses patent. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/08/technology/patent-wars-amo... > Outside Microsoft, critics charged that Biddle's project represented the beginning of the end for the PC as an open platform. They feared that Microsoft would use the technology to exert control over which software could be executed on Windows PCs, freezing out open source operating systems and reducing users' freedom to run the software of their choice. Nope, it's Apple that got there first with iOS. I think the thesis on how the darknet would defeat DRM was correct... but only assuming OS's and hardware that actually gave owners control of what software they ran on the devices they own. In a world where you void your warranty and possibly make it impossible to upgrade your OS (_and_ possibly break the law in the US!), by 'jailbreaking' your device so that you can install software on it without that software having been given a stamp of approval by the device vendor... I'm not so sure. And I suspect DRM was the real motivation for setting up the ecology this way on iOS -- where Apple managed to succeed, both technologically and in the court of public opinion, where Microsoft had previously failed, in doing exactly what people were scared Microsoft was doing -- reducing users' freedom to run the software of their choice. And that's what looks like the future of consumer computing now, no? The idea that a device owner should have the right to install whatever software they want on their device... is going to seem a quaint relic of a bygone age in 10 years, and not just for 'mobile'. jailbreaking _phones_ is _possibly temporarily_ legal, as an exception to DMCA by the Librarian of Congress which has to be explicitly renewed every few years. Jailbreaking tablets is not legal. Providing or distributing software intended to help you jailbreak is also illegal, even though jailbreaking may be legal. See the EFF on this (and donate some money to them!): https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/11/2012-dmca-rulemaking-w... I am new to having HTML email sent. What do folks do with the large (large in this case anyway) stylesheet, that actually works with actual email clients? Link it with a tag? Plop it all into a tag? (where?) Something else? What are current best practices for sending html email that needs a non-trivial stylesheet like this? Googling around, i'm still left not sure; many pages I find make recommendations that would make using these templates tricky (although some of them are a couple years old or more). > Basically, avoid floats, use tables, use inline styles. Yeah, that's what I was finding too -- and that advice is pretty much incompatible with the "responsive email templates" offered in the OP, no? That's what I'm wondering about. So, as someone who works with HTML emails all day long, do you have an evaluation of the "responsive email templates" in the OP? They seem to conflict with much of your advice to me. That's what I'm wondering about. But your specs for what you repair have to be reasonable if you want to have customers think you deliver a high quality product (and if you want to actually do so). Two dead pixels near the edge of the screen, okay, most of us think, that's still usable, I'll soon stop noticing. (How many is 'most of us'? Enough that a monitor company can do that, and still be considered to deliver a high quality product). The ghosting OP describes and takes pictures of? I think would probably interfere with the use of most reasonable people. If those are Apple's specs, then Apple is willing to deliver a crappy product; either Apple made a mistake, their test isn't catching what they meant to catch, or Apple thinks it's going to have enough customers that keep buying Apple anyway even after getting a crappy product, I guess. I think you mean a man who says he sent a double to the mexican border to get arrested. > Even if this were all true, why would Vice post the data including his address? Same reason everyone else posts images with EXIF geolocation data from their iphone in them -- they don't think about it, they never knew or forgot that the iPhone added this to photos. On my fairly slow shared cable broadband connection, initial https negotiation typically seems to take around an extra 300ms. I'd say that's non-trivial. Postgres has non-classic-rdbms features suitable for lock/wait sort of behavior for a queue. I haven't experimented with it myself, beyond to note it's there. http://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.1/static/sql-notify.html In the app i'm working on now, I really want to get the page loading fast-fast-fast. I have all javascript combined into one file, minimized, gzipped, far-future cached. Same with CSS. (Rails does this for me, mostly). javascript file is also marked with 'async' attribute. All images are set up so loading images doesn't block initial page load. 300ms for https round trips remain. shrug. it is unfortunate, but I stick with https anyway. Making sure your web server is doing persistent http connections is about the only thing I know to do to ameliorate somewhat, but first connection is still slower than I'd like, due to https. Hi Eli, neat work! I think the bigger business case for not releasing it would have been unrelated to Android: Apple used to pay us a hell of a lot of money for our map data, and they chose to stop. So now we give their users our stuff for free instead? but clearly they decided in the end there was a bigger business case for doing it. I don't entirely understand how Google plans to make money, and I'm not always sure they understand themselves -- but they're probably right that if they keep being the best at what they do and getting as many people as possible (on any platform) to use it, then they can keep harvesting data from all those users, and find ways to monetize that data (rather than charging for apps). That might indeed make drive/sit-on-the-left better -- but I think it's not where it originated from, the drive-on right/left distinction has existed since the days of horse and carriage, before there were gear shifts or steering wheels! Although apparently the origins DO have to do with keeping your dominant hand free for various tasks! http://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/634/why-do-the-brit... thank you, useful link! something may very well be wrong, and it may be outside of my abilities or time to figure out what. :) I am looking into increasing the SSL Session keeping length on my apache, have any opinion about that? It does seem to eliminate the extra 'tax' for SSL in my from-slow-network experiments, for the duration of the session eliminating re-negotiation. that's awesome to hear. Even if you don't officially sanction or provide a port yourself -- just hearing that you're open to tweaking the way you do things a bit to make it easier for _others_ to port to Sass (and keep their ports up to date with bootstrap evolution) -- is super encouraging. I'd actually suggest that as a first step, just talk to the folks maintaining the ports, and ask if there's anything you can tweak on your end to make their jobs easier. This is awesome, thanks for the clarification. I got scared at 'dropping fluid', because it's become been pretty clear to me that the fluid approach in bootstrap was better for most apps, and I was wondering why in fact using the fluid approach wasn't more popular. I got worried that you were making it much more difficult -- but it turns out you agree with me, and instead are making it the out of the box default! woo! yeah, bad editing, but if it weren't fiction, would the author have mis-stated his own name in his first draft?