Even if you could find the original crypto header, You still need to know the password to unlock it. On iphones, the secure enclave will hold the decrypted key while its running but you need to enter the password after a reboot. This is exactly the kind of thing that is often done. Some software will just treat all months as having 30 days because it simplifies logic massively and doesn't cause that much of an issue. Also if someone had the technical capability to do this. I would be infinitely more concerned about them having an exploit which allows them to hack my next phone and grab all the data while its running. >No, there is no way to do what you're describing It could be done in a p2p way like windows updates. By default they will share update files to other devices on the local network and can also work with other devices over the internet. A bunch of plugged in iphones on wifi would be perfectly capable of distributing update files. I'm not sure how it would be crippled. Say they cap it so your iphone will upload 10% of the amount it downloads for an update. Right away we just took 10% of the load off the main Apple servers and very few people would be affected by uploading 100MB of a 1GB update over wifi. I'm not suggesting the whole thing become p2p, but that the p2p network assist the dedicated distribution servers. For me, just the local p2p would halve the number of updates pulled from Apples servers because there are 2 of the same apple product on the same local network. Obviously Apple doesn't need to do this because they are flawlessly pushing out updates every week but if they were struggling with distribution, this is a proven working system that windows uses. In this situation they could stagger the updates over the night. If you look at the network usage graphs from ISPs and such you can see that downloads drop to about 5% of the network capacity at the 00:00 - 06:00 times. There is a lot of spare capacity to push out updates at night which uses a tiny amount of data compared to the video calls and streaming that go on during waking hours. As a side note, upload rates seem to be somewhat constant at all hours. I assume it must all be IoT security cameras. On the other hand. Big tech companies forcing 2GB updates on people pushes demand for upgraded internet infrastructure. At least Google and Linux are making plans and first moves to a safer language that helps avoid these major security flaws. Windows just does this out of the box which seems to work pretty good. You have two options currently: iOS: Never ending zero days but you get an update for every device in the last 7-10 years to fix it. Android: A more secure OS especially as they integrate more components using rust. But if your device is older than 2 years, you won't receive any security fixes. So depending on your security model it changes what you should pick. If you are a high target individual or someone who upgrades their phone every year, Android is the more secure option. If you are the average person who is not being hit with state level attacks, iOS is the most secure option. Windows by default only shares within your local network. Optionally you can turn it on for the wider internet and it does not seem to use that much data in my experience. It's based on the linux kernel and many of the core components have been rewritten in rust which the google security team seems to be suggesting is the solution to these problems. I don't have any actual proof but my gut feeling is the linux kernel is better tested and has better security hardening than the ios internals. So just like PHP tutorials then. That's a fair and valid complaint. The thought that learning from copyrighted content makes new output copyrighted is pretty far fetched and wouldn't apply to a human. I think people value their code snipits way way too much. A 10 line function to post to twitter is not worth anything. Its an entire codebase that has value. Personally I'm not a huge fan because of how spaced out the text content is. So many images breaking the flow of thought. Id rather blocks of text and then a gallery of images. But you get what you get. A string of tweets is better than nothing. Perhaps it was to save money on sockets. The stores go empty because people who already have the sunk cost of a car will just drive to the next city for bigger stores at cheaper prices. I think for things to work, we need to seriously cut down the fees for selling a house. The fees and laws are set up for someone who buys/sells once every few decades. So if you move frequently, there is no way you could be a owner without taking serious losses. They can just use the data and see "50% of verified humans clicked this" and know that it is debatable or not obviously a match but not a verified not-match. Proof of work is horrific. Means someones old phone has a meltdown trying to load the page while a warehouse in china with the latest GPUs cranks out billions of proofs per second. You could even utilize botnets to get random laptops and fridges to do your PoW. > or just causing some electrons to be moved around to prove your not a bot? The problem is spam networks have more computers and more power than your phone does so any proof that you can do, spammers can do 1000x faster. PoW can sort of work when your attack to defend against is a ddos situation where an attacker has to make far more requests than the average user, but most captchas try to defend against bots being able to use the site at all which PoW can not do. I just find it very amusing that simple pictures of outside in the US are being described as "unbearably depressing". A pretty good signal that modern urban design in the US is creating very ugly and depressing spaces. >like they were taken by a decade-old smartphone. It's more that its cropped from a much larger photo and the AI has detected that something is here but it isn't 100% on which thing it is out of a few possible candidates. The sharp stuff is already clearly identified. CFC gasses where a big one. They were hugely useful for many things but were found to be breaking down ozone and were very rapidly banned effectively. There was in Australia for a short time. The topic has become poisoned though and it will be very hard to bring back with newscorp still running things. Something that almost the entire population uses all day is only using 5%? Sounds incredibly efficient. Repacking fonts to be smaller sounds about as useful as plugging a hand crank generator in to the power point. You can say this of just about everything. The problem is that everything needs to be cut down. Recently moved to the city and got rid of my car. I now walk everywhere. I feel like this has cut out a fairly significant chunk of my impact. They taste different to cane sugar / corn syrup but good/bad is subjective and something you get used to. I used to not like it but now my taste adjusted it and now I don't like the "real sugar" flavor. The problem is that we have introduced so many new chemicals recently and have seen so many unexplained changes to health. Its virtually impossible to work out which thing did what. I'm not going to stress over aspartame though. Plastics, PFOA, PTFE, processed meats, and air pollution are way above on my concern scale. If I was concerned about cancer from aspartame, I would never touch any form of alcohol again. If wood was sold as cookware designed to get to high temperatures. Yes. Its that there are so many thing we _know_ cause cancer in high rates that we still consume. So I wouldn't waste mental energy on something that maybe might cause it before cutting out everything we know causes it first. It's not that hard to say anyway. You read it as "quad a". Even a linear growth is fine. By 2030 there will be pretty much 100% adoption at this pace. There may even be a tipping point when places like India are so stretched for v4 addresses and v6 is so widespread where local sites go v6 only which triggers a much faster adoption rate on the consumer side. It's nothing critical but some ISPs use multiple layers of hacks to work IPv4 and certain types of networking become very unreliable over it. Things like long running connections will be dropped because the ISP routers do not maintain the NAT mapping forever. For github pages its probably not going to make a huge difference but for things like SSH or file transfers it could be an issue. For things like video game servers or home servers you just flat out can not work them on v4 if your ISP uses CG-NAT. Pretty sure gitlab allows for any file type to be uploaded and they also support issue only projects. It looks like there is more gameplay in getting the thing installed than the actual game. If every company suddenly decided that they now want to keep a years stock of their important parts rather than a week, the demand just went up 52x right away. It's no surprise even basic parts are sold out for the next year at least. In most cases I would agree but right now I am seeing actual shortages. In just web development, it seems like this year every single company decided is the time to expand. And when every company decided to expand at the same time, there is a shortage of workers to fill those roles since you can't just pull senior developers from thin air or unis. I was making a comfortable wage previously but this year most of my coworkers have left for other jobs and I'm on the way out too since the current job listings are close to double what I make currently. An eye watering amount of money is on the table right now. But paying more is a zero sum game. To gain developers you have to be draining them from some other company and it will take years for new supply to come in. Because farms cost $18 billion dollars each and become obsolete in less than 5 years? I'm looking at the supplier websites and trivial parts like 10 cent microcontrollers have over a year wait times. This is why I have been waiting for months to have the dryer I ordered and there is still no delivery date set. I would have no issues going out and buying the latest macbook right now but basic other products are missing. It would seem exceedingly difficult to reuse chips at scale. The software and pcb is deigned around one microcontroller in particular and it is not trivial to swap them out with others. So if I design my washing machine around a particular chip, I could order a million of them for 5 cent each, or I would have to: * somehow identify other models which have the chip * find 1 million of them about to be discarded * rip them open, desolder, collect these parts * discard the rest of the machine * do this for about 10 cents per washing machine combined with the fact that washing machines usually last a decade and will be dying out over a time period spread out over 10-20 years after manufacturing time. How on earth would it be possible to pull off and by that time, these chips will be very obsolete / impossible to order new ones. Those old and cheap chips seem to be hit the hardest. I can easily buy an M1 macbook today but buying a washing machine or a basic microcontroller is sold out for an undetermined time. With enough time I assume they will. People will get upset if they suddenly see stores selling the same product for double the price. So the stores take the loss (or really just not taking the potential profit) and then let scalpers resell them at market value while offloading all of the hate on to faceless ebay sellers. It is a shortage because there are more open positions for senior developers than there are senior developers here. Paying more won't bring senior developers out of the void because there do not exist enough to fill all positions. If all companies expand at the same time they can not possibly all fill their positions no matter what they pay. I'm talking about the whole of Australia right now (remote but country based). I can see job listings have all exploded in listed salary and every company I talk to is looking to expand. The cost and difficulty of this task is monumental and the rewards are so small. These chips literally cost cents and outside of global disasters, they are quite easy to buy in the millions. And it isn't just micro controllers that are out of stock basic passive components are missing as well. It would cost an absolute fortune to strip all of these parts off older machines. No one wants to pay $6000 for a washing machine made of scrap parts which may fail and are long since obsolete so they can no longer be reordered. I read "do you need a webserver" like "do you need one yourself" and freeloading off someone elses server like with GL pages counts as not having a webserver. Otherwise how else would you serve content? IMO its a problem that we try to keep everyone alive at all costs disregarding quality of life. I would much prefer to just die before becoming incapable of basic tasks and being kept artificially alive. Configuration adds complexity and is a huge source of confusion for users. Google drive strikes me as something that should just work and be so simple that you do not have to configure it. There does not seem to be any genuine reason to make this change a setting because the main objection is just "I don't like it" rather than "it stops me from doing x" or "it makes x harder" It would be much less painful to just have users get used to the new behavior than to support a setting for forever. For people who want full power, custom clients exist for google drive which can work however you want. We see a constant trend where users move towards products which just work rather than require manuals and configuration. Seems only sane that general public products like google drive should cater to this and if you want full power over everything, you have 3rd party clients, nextcloud, ftp, etc.