Uh, I spend about 5% on rent, another 5-6% on drugs, and go out for food occasionally. No other expenses. I don't, um, save, though, so you might want to listen to someone else. "Source: EMC" (EMC sells "Big Data" storage.) s,JSON,BSON,g These logs are for machines, and should be compact -- why use JSON at all? All this method does is break the continuous [0,1) range into enough discrete buckets that each bucket contains at most two choices. Because the buckets are the same "probability-size" you can pick a bucket with O(1) and then do an O(1) comparison. Everything between "Loaded Die with a Fair Die" and "Vose's Alias Method" seems superfluous. Better than "how to XXX your start-up" and "business blah blah". So TRESOR needs to submit an acceptable patch to the nice kernel.org folks, and then it can ship as a distro default. One could imagine a "bzoncat" utility which simply reads bson objects on stdin and emits formatted json objects on stdout. I don't know, the difference probably doesn't matter. Server seems severely overloaded -- here's the latest archive.org mirror: http://web.archive.org/web/20101017092822/http://www.jamesmo... This is not relevant to fountain codes. This is like reading a newspaper article on computing ten years ago. The author is not a domain expert. I think depression is an issue among people in general. Perhaps people on HN are simply more willing to share with the (psuedonymous) internet at large? Yes. size_t is actually 32-bit on some 64-bit platforms; you want uint64_t. scp has some end-to-end latency for each file transferred. This means that for lots of small files, a single tar file stream is much quicker than 'scp -r'. Cool trick -- thanks! I'm curious what their performance numbers look like if they host the .git repo on tmpfs -- 15GB isn't unreasonable on a beefy (24-32GB of ram) machine. One of the biggest problems with this style of "scan all memory" GC is that you have to stop all threads (flush all pointers to memory) to perform a collection. Pointers held in registers in other active threads are inaccessible to the GC thread. Failing to stop the world (or ensure all pointers are in memory rather than registers) can result in live objects being collected. This happened to Ruby at one point: http://timetobleed.com/the-broken-promises-of-mrireeyarv/ Edit: This boils down to breaking the compiler's model of memory as specified by the C standard; all bets are off. Boehm controls malloc; it knows where the heap is. In general, yes, the more memory you have allocated, the slower BoehmGC will be. It checks both stack and heap. Typo: "This let's great dealers shine" -> "This lets great dealers shine" No. It's direct DMA from the hardware. Anyone who can backdoor a release on their FTP server can easily upload a new CHECKSUM file. Many users probably do not bother to check the hash. Even if you use public key crypto to sign the hash, users probably don't know your public key in advance. An attacker can sign their malicious hash with any valid public key they like. This article is almost as hilarious as the RIAA president's op-ed; unfortunately, this one doesn't reveal the author's name. I'm guessing you meant "sordid" history, as in: Sordid \Sor"did\, a. [L. sordidus, fr. sordere to be filthy or dirty; probably akin to E. swart: cf. F. sordide. See {Swart}, a.] 1. Filthy; foul; dirty. [Obs.] 2. Vile; base; gross; mean; as, vulgar, sordid mortals. (1913 Webster's) Try the LICENSE file or header comments in the sources. I would love to be able to use this at work (unfortunately, our lawyers take issue with GPL libraries…). I don't have a budget, and it's not worth enough to fight legal and/or someone with a budget for this. I don't mean to complain about the license — when I write open source code, I use the GPL too. That being said, I maintain a network file daemon for work and would be interested in using this library to simplify the code (assuming it benchmarks and tests OK). That's all. No. If you don't want to give ad money to the disgusting pile of slop that is phoronix, here are the relevant upstream mailing list links: "GCC 5?" http://gcc.gnu.org/ml/gcc/2012-03/msg00256.html "GCC 5 & modularity": http://gcc.gnu.org/ml/gcc/2012-03/msg00263.html They have a tendency to make stuff up. Among other things, they publish performance data which doesn't actually measure what they claim it does. "How not to write a HN headline" Yeah, someone is going to figure out how to give themselves 20000 billion by working around the hardware and Mintchip will die real quick. Last release was 13 months ago; if you follow the Ti calculator community ( http://www.ticalc.org/ ) you'll know this is fairly old news. Cool, I missed that. Yep. In my experience, banking and financial websites have much worse password policies than the web at large. E.g., fidelity.com has a maximum password length of 12 characters. USAA has a maximum password length of 12 characters. What the fuck. I've been experimenting with waking up at 5am to go running. So far, it's been great. I feel much more productive when I have some time to myself at work in the morning. The hardest thing is coping with friends whose schedules are offset so much from mine. For me, waking up this early means I need to go to bed around 8-9pm. So, I don't wake up this early every day. For those with trouble sleeping so early, I find melatonin useful for sleeping earlier. Lots of sources on wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mobile_phones_and_driving_safe... So, last time this was posted I commented that I was interested, but couldn't use this at work because of the GPL license. Since then I implemented my own M:N userspace:kernel threading library (which is what lthread boils down to) based on Russ Cox's BSD-licensed libtask. You know what I found? 1) Many libc routines require a surprisingly large amount of stack. 64kiB was the smallest power of 2 I could find where I wouldn't overflow the stack somewhere in a libc call. (This isn't a problem with stack-copying, but it is a problem if you have dedicated per-lthread stacks). 2) It was slow! Just dropping the M:N library and using blocking network I/O with 200+ kernel pthreads was vastly faster. 3) Many pthread-functions get very, very confused if they are used from different pthreads (same logical "lthread"). (This happens when a userspace scheduler swap happens between matching operations.) For example, pthread mutexes don't like to be locked in one pthread and unlocked in another pthread (same "lthread"). I ran into other things that match this category, but can't remember them off of the top of my head. I ended up scrapping it and just using a pool of kernel pthreads. It works, the code is pretty clear (blocking IO! whatever, man), and it's fast enough. Edit: By "fast enough", I mean "can fill 2x 1Gbit pipes from disk" (without any perf-focused work thus far). Cool! Thanks. Edit: looks like you missed COPYING; it's still GPLv2 (whereas LICENSE has BSD-looking text). A hacked up FreeBSD libc (we make a FreeBSD-derived operating system). Some of the authentication/credentials code, for example, creates a bunch of large stack frames. Since I can't edit this post anymore, here's the relevant code: https://github.com/cemeyer/taskmn (Buyer beware: this is basically a snapshot of it at the point we decided to drop it entirely; I poked it enough to get it to compile under GCC / linux, but haven't verified functionality at all.) More edits: 4) Re: Stack-copying; I found that without any attempt at optimizing memory use, my "light" threads were consuming on the order of ~600 bytes of stack (when de-scheduled); with a stack copying approach and a run-time stack of 128kiB, calling large-stack-using libc functions was fine. 5) Re: per-task dedicated stack memory; the default amount of memory allocated per-pthread on our platform is 128kiB, so 64kiB isn't great savings. I detected stack corruption at 32kiB and below by setting a canary value (at the top of the allocated stack) in the scheduler before running a ready "lthread." No problem :-). Re: "lower efficiency… is acceptable in such a use case": Maybe — it really depends on your use case. In the case you describe, sure. In my particular (specialized) case: 1) My clients are connected by 1Gb or 10Gb switched ethernet, and they are typically on firewalled local networks. I don't worry about trickle-style DoS attacks. (In other words: my threads are mostly-active, not mostly-dormant.) 2) My clients really only care about sustained streaming throughput. So, if they can max out the underlying disk with 20-30 simultaneous connections, they won't bother throwing 1000s of connections at my server. pthread-per-connection works great for this circumstance (with a pre-allocated thread pool). Use the right tool for the job ;-). According to SF, it was last updated in 2009 (is it actively developed?). I don't see much in the way of examples on the SF page, which is a bit off-putting. I guess I'm curious about the model it uses and how it performs, but my best guess is that it's not radically different from lthread or any other M:N userspace threading library. Do you know more? They're different beasts entirely. One key distinction is that GCD requires kernel support, while lthread and friends simply sit on top of any pthread-compatible system. As I understand it, GCD is based on an old systems idea (1991): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scheduler_activations It also has some auxiliary stuff (compiler-level support for C closures (Clang blocks), etc…) to "make threading easier," like you say. Or for that matter, WINE? The same way the underlying printf implementation does? This isn't wrapping printf(3), just the underlying write(2). Are you trying to ask if it catches, e.g., format string vulnerabilities? I think the answer to that is: Native Client's aim is to be a safe x86 VM, so — hopefully. But to me personally, it seems unlikely that they've thought of everything. I have. I've read both Paxos papers from the parent and grandparent comments. Comparatively, the linked article is succinct, well-written, and (relatively) easy to understand. Yes, I meant the topic article. I have some dog-eared printouts of "Paxos Made Simple" and "Paxos Made Live" lying on my floor. There are a few sentences every screen, and then scroll scroll scroll. It's like having a page full of banner ads… Tl;dr: Use HMAC for Hash-based Message Authentication Codes and hash functions for hash functions. Don't use them the other way around. PS, maybe more developers should take an intro course on crypto.