Padmapper (and 3taps) don't scrape craigslist though. They get all info from public sources such as search engine caches. I'm assuming the URL is supposed to automatically update to 'save' my changes, but it's not happening in my Firefox 18.0.1. Hmm, nor in IE9, although I notice the default text is completely different. Is there a save button I'm somehow not seeing? Also in IE9 I get this JS error: SCRIPT438: Object doesn't support property or method 'atob' editor.js, line 161 character 3, which prevents any of the controls from functioning. Awesome idea, but all it ever gives me is a loading bar. shapecatcher.com/engine/recognize eventually returns "504 Gateway Time-out" Perhaps I'm the exception, but I regularly use the related posts and even occasionally the 'temporal navigation' features of blogs I find via HN and other such sources. I know they wrote at least one good article, so I'm happy to spend a bit of time looking for more. So personally, I hope no one writing decent content takes this advice. Your title is one example of how not to launched a successful product. OK, it's 4am, so presumably part of my brain is asleep, but I'm missing something here. If the latencies were unconstrained, I would agree that it is impossible to solve the initial riddle. However, since it states that there are only two possibilities, 2s:2s or 3s:1s, it sure seems solvable to me. You have two equations and three variables, but you don't need to solve for the three variables. You can eliminate the skew and end up with a single equation and two variables - the two latencies. That allows you to solve for the difference between the latencies. And since the possibilities are constrained, that is sufficient to solve the problem. Of course, in a real world scenario the possible latencies would not be discrete, so indeed the problem would not be solvable. But that's not how it was presented. So either the puzzle was poorly constructed as an analogy for the real-world scenario, or (more likely) my sleepy brain is missing something fundamental. Somebody help me out. Ah yes, and looking at it in the morning, my resulting single equation is degenerate. I had a sign wrong last night, which suggested I'd solved for the difference between the two latencies. Actually (of course) I'd solved for the sum of the two latencies, which as the article mentioned, is all you can really determine. facepalm The first comment there (by Leslie Wheeler) summarizes the ridiculousness nicely: "We may have an early candidate for Worst Illinois Senate Bill of 2013. First of all, Illinois does not have jurisdiction over the entirety of the internet. Illinois has jurisdiction over Illinois. Geographical location isn't all that important to the web hosting industry - for the most part, a datacenter in Chicago is just as good as one in, say, Dallas or Seattle. This means that the only thing this bill would actually succeed in doing is driving internet-related business (both individual online businesses, as well as the infrastructure that supports them, ie, webhosting companies and datacenters) out of the state. Good job representing our interests there, Ira. More importantly, though, this is plainly unconstitutional. It's absolutely embarrassing that any elected representative of US citizens would suggest that there should be a host of state-defined rules that must be met before one is allowed to exercise their first amendment right to free speech. Just for funsies, here's what SCOTUS thought of anonymous speech in McIntyre V. Ohio Elections Commission: 'Protections for anonymous speech are vital to democratic discourse. Allowing dissenters to shield their identities frees them to express critical minority views... Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority.... It thus exemplifies the purpose behind the Bill of Rights and of the First Amendment in particular: to protect unpopular individuals from retaliation... at the hand of an intolerant society.'" When they're adequately backed up, as in this circumstance, why not? Send the data in triplicate if you want, just to avoid the hassle of re-sending any that get damaged. Regardless, the cost would be trivial, even for young-Google. Originally was going to chastise you for typing your actual passwords into a random demo version that could have been modified in whatever way. But since it's all js I guess it's a simple matter to verify it's not transmitting anything. Although I guess it could be some really devious thing where it saves the info in a cookie to be snagged later or some such. Did you check the JS code? ;) Appears it's been un-fixed again. Not only are new results once again not being indexed, but the ones from that brief period of time when it appeared fixed have been removed. Very thought-provoking. Helps to set speaker volume to a comfortable level at the start then leave it there as you explore (it quickly becomes uncomfortable). This comment on the article (from a person with clinical autism) sums it up well: "It's not that life looks like this, it's that life feels like this ." Hmm.. As a site owner I try not to jump to conspiracy conclusions, as I've certainly been on the receiving end of enough of them due to random coincidences and such. That said, this does indeed seem odd. Did you try posting a question in their forums about it? I'm surprised there are no bids yet. There's always someone willing to take these things on, impossible as they obviously are. Question: Do 4th Amendment rights apply only to US citizens? Or would this ruling apply equally to, say, Canadians crossing the border into the US? Answer: Looks like it applies equally to non-citizens. Will feel better about bringing my laptop across the border now. https://ssd.eff.org/your-computer/govt/fourth-amendment For some reason my brain interpreted the white queen as black. The 'right' move was still obvious since white only had a rook and pawns besides the invisible queen, but it took me way too long to see why it was a checkmate! I've been reading too much HN. For a good 4 second my brain interpreted Apply as made up app-maker startup domain name type thing. App.ly! Does Feedly have a web-based client? I'm looking for something to recommend to users at www.searchtempest.com. Many of them have never used (or even heard of) RSS before, so simplicity is key. It's really amazing how little attention the Google problem is getting so far. It seems like most people search, see some posts in the past few minutes and some in February, and totally miss the fact that there's nothing in-between! 'They' craigslist, or SearchTempest? I can't do anything about the former, but I might be able to for the latter! :) (Our blog, certainly, could use an overhaul, but there's never a time when I would prefer to do that than work on the site itself!) The most common reasons are that you want to search multiple cities at the same time, or that you want to use advanced logical operators. The nice thing about SearchTempest (in my obviously biased opinion) is that you can set a radius to only search nearby cities, rather than the shotgun approach of googling (or binging) everywhere. Looks like it's probably a bug: http://productforums.google.com/d/msg/websearch/p6VbIaBkbWA/... We do. First off, the reason that's happening is that Bing (and Google before it) indexes craigslist pages, but has no way of knowing immediately when a previously-existing page disappears. They obviously can't be continually spidering every single page on the site to see if it's still there, and while craigslist could notify search engines of deleted posts, they have no incentive to do so. Some searches tend to have more expired posts than others, but if you find they're a problem, we have a couple of alternatives. For searches across the whole country, the best option is RSS feeds. (Too bad 'RSS is dying' and all... ;) ) You can run any search on SearchTempest and click the 'Get Feeds for this search' link to grab an OPML file of all the craigslist results RSS feeds matching your search, within the search radius you specified. Import that file into a folder in your favorite RSS reader, and you've got a convenient, auto-updating feed of new results for your search, straight from craigslist. The other alternative is our Direct Results mode. Basically that just opens up two windows: one for the results from craigslist, and one as an index to flip through cities. So you only see results for one city at a time, but can quickly flip through them with the 'Next' link. Obviously that can take a while for searches across the whole country though, so we recommend it more for smaller searches. Basically just a small optimization compared to manually opening up and pasting a search into a few separate CL cities directly. More info here: http://www.searchtempest.com/faq.php#deleted Ya, I did. Was hoping I'd missed it somehow. Looks like it's just Chrome, Firefox, iOS and Android. Great for you or I, but not for many of my users unfortunately. I almost think that should be the site's tagline. And you're welcome. I actually built it back in 2006, but it's evolved a fair bit since then! Thanks again to Matt Cutts for the detailed explanation! Original post was here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5378697 I'd say the chances are approximately zero. Reader was a niche product with a user base orders of magnitude smaller than GMail. Do you have any evidence that gmail ads aren't effective? Or that the other information Google gleans from it isn't valuable? Besides, even if it were profitable, it would obviously be PR suicide to shut it down. Hackers care about RSS, and can easily find another reader. Everyone cares about gmail. I found that Smart Car bit in general pretty bang on! It's also interesting the things we take for granted now that were missed completely. One I noticed everywhere was wireless communication. (Plugging your key card in to the wall and the car rather than near field communication, plugging the iphone into the desk rather than just using bluetooth (or forget about the desk comp entirely and connect to the cloud), etc.) Edit: Actually, at the end he uses a remote control to turn off the lights and lock the doors... so I guess that's another example of failing to grok the implications! Still, interesting in general. Some of the things we don't have yet - like the high-tech schools - look like pretty clear areas for improvement. Although I do have a home robot that vacuums my floors... No. Did I say that? Hey, I own www.searchtempest.com and www.autotempest.com. And we're actually in Victoria, BC! I expect I could find something for you to do for a day or three if you're interested. Could even have lunch or something if you want to take the ferry over. Feel free to email me through one of our sites' contact pages. For the first issue, you might check out newsblur. Basically solves the clicking through to the original issue perfectly. The second I completely agree with you on. Even these cool readers that prioritize stuff you're most likely to read, by necessity, keep track of what's read and unread, and I get exactly that same itch that I need to stay on top of everything. It's completely artificial and almost ridiculous, but there it is. And I can't imagine how a reader could solve that problem without creating the even worse worry of missing things. (Which ironically evaporates when you don't use a reader and therefore no longer expect not to miss anything.) Perhaps there is a novel solution there though, waiting to be discovered. For the long version of this post, read Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People . Ah, just realized since craigslist sites are all subdomains on the same domain, they might well fit within the free limit for newsblur. Went to confirm that and found this: "Due to overwhelming demand, free accounts are temporarily suspended. By going premium you get full access to NewsBlur." Certainly understandable, but disappointing. What if you just want to use it as a reader and are happy with pasting in feed urls manually? I'm sure they will come out with a premium version or some such eventually. If you were Feedly would you really turn down the opportunity provided here just because you can't immediately monetize the new users? Not sure about .NET, but you have to prompt at load for Java. Your app can continue to run in a degraded manner if permissions are not granted however. Anyway, this is why it's a shame Feedly doesn't offer a non-extension version. One would hope it's something they have planned. Offer the extension for those who want the additional features and are ok with the permissions, and the web app for the rest (and for the convenience of access anywhere, cross-platform). As far as I can tell there's no way to import an OPML file, which is my entire use case. Am I missing it? Also just FYI, after signing up, I'm booted back to the sign-in form with no indication of whether the signup was successful or what; I actually assumed it had failed. Right, even removing that flaw would make it closer to two hours than 20 minutes (although half that to get in on average). Significantly less if you leave finger smudges on the keys though. That said, agreed with the above: anywhere someone fiddling with the lock for 20 minutes would go unnoticed, a brick would go unnoticed too. I highly doubt a car has even been stolen through hacking the keypad lock in this manner. Diversification and multiple pots seems like the best reasonable option. At the very least, one's investment portfolio should be internationally diversified. If you were really concerned, actually holding a portion of those assets in an offshore account might make sense. Regardless, rather than trying to protect all assets, the goal would be to maximize the chances that you would always be left with at least a sufficient amount. Yes, but aside from the word 'short', it fits perfectly. If parent can't remember any details, it's possible they misremembered the length. A tad off topic, but I'm hoping the fastest way to get an answer: How does one move or delete multiple feeds at once in newsblur? There must be a way to do this, right? Say I import 100 feeds from an OPML file, then realize I actually want them all in a folder. At the moment the only way I can figure out how to do that is to click on each feed, click move to folder, click the folder dropdown box, click the folder I want, click save. Times 100. Or I can save one click each by deleting them all then re-importing. But there must be a faster way. (In Google Reader settings, one could filter all folders with a keyword pattern, and bulk move.) Indeed, I have often wondered at the fact that elevator movements in most (all?) locations appear to be basically un-optimized, when it would clearly not be difficult to do so. If you don't have a business at all, its efficiency is somewhat irrelevant. Not all startups can bootstrap their way up from nothing; some do require initial capital. FYI, your right sidebar overlaps the footer when you scroll down. From the comments: "This question is becoming quite the rep factory." That pretty much sums it up! Hmm.. that would be helpful. Unfortunately it looks like there are some bugs to iron out. Twice in a row now, I've created a folder, then in the folder menu got to add feeds to that folder, imported an opml file, and... the folder disappears and the feeds go into the root. It's nearly infinitely divisible, so not really limited as a medium of exchange.