An immature penis joke is not "harassment". You shouldn't throw that word around like it's meaningless. Harassment is a serious thing, and this joke most certainly is not. Hardness only determines how difficult something is to scratch. Resistance to cracking is much more complex. For example, I could easily smash a diamond with a steel hammer. But I could also use that diamond to slowly grind the hammer to dust. It's (quite) a bit more complex (and expensive) than that. You can't just push a lump of carbon really hard into a sheet. You have to worry about all sorts of things to get a high-quality crystal, and making crystals that are both optically high-quality and large is very expensive. What was solved 50 years ago? Just because we can make synthetic diamonds does not mean we can make synthetic diamonds of any arbitrary size or quality. In fact, it becomes exponentially more expensive in proportion to the volume of the produced diamond. Most artificial diamond companies limit mass to 2-300mg per diamond because it gets much more expensive after that. Of course, we are speaking of optical-quality monocrystaline diamonds here. Polycrystaline diamonds are less expensive, but unsuitable for optical equipment (e.g. cell phone screens). That's not to say the problem is hopeless; in fact, there has been some very interesting research done in recent years on low-pressure microwave-based diamond synthesis that could allow for very large, kilocarat-scale diamonds. But for now, it is not feasible (as far as I know) to produce diamonds in the shape and size needed for cell phone screens, and certainly not at low cost. "The constitution is not a suicide pact." How do you know? It seems to me like the people who wrote the constitution (and authored/ratified the Bill of Rights) were willing to risk everything to achieve the freedoms enumerated in the constitution and its subsequent amendments. While I'm probably projecting my own opinions onto them to some extent, it seems to me that the founders of the United States would rather see the nation fall apart than become what they set out to destroy. "because virtually everyone (including the courts) agrees there should be some limits to free speech" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumentum_ad_populum "Virtually everyone" is not qualified to make a constitution, and if by "the courts" you mean the SCOTUS, then the courts have a history of doing a lot of stupid things based on personal bias. Or you can sell it. There are a number of middlemen who purchase vulnerabilities (in ways that protect the seller) and re-sell them to security firms. Claiming the UK has better individual privacy than the US is blatantly false. There are a lot of things I like about the UK, but privacy is not one of them. Some examples: The UK has no equivalent to the Fifth Amendment. In the UK, it is a crime not to give up your encryption keys to the police when requested. The punishment for keeping secret keys secret is two years in prison if you are suspected of most crimes, and five years in prison if you are suspected of "heinous" crimes. The UK also does not have something like the 4th amendment, which means that things like the Terrorism Act 2000 pass without challenge. Admittedly, the USA has been just as bad in this regard (with such things as the PATRIOT act), but I suppose some of the blame has to go towards the public attitude immediately following 9/11. In the landmark United States case Griswold v. Connecticut, 381 U.S. 479, the SCOTUS ruled 7-2 that there was an implicit right to privacy in the United States constitution, backed by Constitutional Amendments 1,3,4,5,9, and 14. This right to privacy has not yet been used to protect internet privacy, but considering that the internet as we know it has been around for only 20 or so years, this is not exactly surprising. SCOTUS judges have a history of voting for a right to privacy despite their own personal beliefs, as demonstrated in Griswold v. CT, Bowers v. Hardwick, Roe v. Wade, etc. so this should hold up when it comes to internet privacy as well. And then, of course, there's the UK's history of egregious privacy rights violations, including widespread state-sponsored video surveillance, suspicion-less stop-and-searches, extensive usage of web-filtering system, and even deep packet inspection of and tampering with content transferred over HTTP. So the funny thing is that the UK already has extensive monitoring of people in cities, huge cloud computers monitoring their traffic, and extensive wiretapping. What you're describing as a terrible future for the US is already a reality in the UK. The NRA only protects hunter's rights (sometimes at the expense of non-hunting gun owners). The most recent victories in the supreme court were by the Second Amendment Foundation, and think-tanks like the Cato institute have done much more for the second amendment than the NRA. While the last decade or so has been good for supporter of gun rights, the entire 20th century was not. A lot of what gun rights activists are trying to do now is gain back some of the rights they lost in the 20th century. As a side note, I think it is interesting is that 3D printer and other consumer-level CAD technology may be for the Second Amendment what the internet was for the First: a way to bypass government regulations altogether. Please do not mistake my post for an endorsement of pro- or anti-gun viewpoints, I just want to clarify that the NRA isn't actually all that great for gun rights, and gun rights activists haven't been all that successful until recently. Neither of those things are indigenous to the UK's government. It's not like the UK actually follows half the things outlined in the ECHR. Which is why you sell it through established anonymous channels to well-known and well-reputed middlemen. >Of the 19 final declarations of incompatibility that had been issued by UK courts under the HRA by August 2011, only a single one hasn't yet been remedied (being the absolute ban on prisoner voting). You're right, my mistake. I was not aware that the Terrorism Act 2000 had been found not in accordance with the law. In my defense, it did take them 10 years to decide so. The last time I had studied the issue in-depth was before Gillan and Quinton v United Kingdom. So that's +1 for the UK; the courts have at least stood up to suspicion-less stop-and-searches. Of course, that's only a very small part of the problem. There is some strange mental block that makes it difficult for people to understand that technological progress does not and will not result in mass unemployment. Here's a clearer example with humans instead of horses: 200 years ago, Shoemaking was one of the world's largest industries. Today, it represents a very small fraction of the world economy and almost all shoemakers have been replaced by machines. What happened? As shoemaking machines became commonplace, shoemakers were suddenly unable to compete. Some of them found other jobs, some of them became destitute. Most were probably able to keep shoemaking until they retired, as the shoemaking machines took a while to roll out. However, the Shoemakers' children and other children in that generation were perfectly aware that shoemaking was no longer a viable industry. No one born after the popularization of shoemaking machines studied to become a shoemaker. What is the result? First, we now have less expensive, higher-quality shoes. This is not always an effect of mechanization, but it usually is. Second, we don't have mass unemployment. Why do we not have mass unemployment? Because when you replace workers with less expensive machines, one of two things happen; either the factory owner makes more money, or shoes start to cost less. If the factory owner makes more money, they spend it on a yacht or something. If the shoes cost less, the consumers have more money to spend on food or books or whatever. So, there are now very few people employed in the shoemaking industry, but all the shoemakers' children can now go into the expanding yacht-making or food-cooking or book-printing industries. Recap: Mechanization does not cause long-term unemployment. At worst, it causes unemployment for a single generation of workers. Ultimately, decreasing costs in one industry contribute to the growth of other industries (either via increased profits for the wealthy or decreased costs for the non-wealthy), so there is not a significant net change in employment. In the extreme scenario you mention, we have effectively infinite labor. Provided we also have effectively infinite energy and resources (which is entirely feasible or only a matter of time if technology is that advanced), the value of all three of those things (labor+energy+materials) drops to zero. That means we won't have to worry about employment. It will be an outdated concept. But in the mean time, we also have nothing worry about, for the reasons I mentioned. That's actually part one of the side effects of mechanization that I mentioned; not only does employment stay roughly the same, but we get better goods for less work. "The labor movement" had little to do with it; the amount of labor required for sustenance simply dropped to a remarkably small number of hours per day, thanks to technological advancement. The fact that we now have roughly 40 hour workweeks is simply how our culture responded to an exponential increase in productivity. So I'm not really sure what you're getting at. Are you complaining that we get to work so little and have so much? >The mayor of NYC coming out strongly and decisevly against the surveillance state would be huge. Bloomberg? Taking a stance for individual rights? You are a true comedian, sir! I wonder how long it will be before camera-smashing takes off as a political hobby. I know there are already a few groups in Russia doing it. How do they make money? If we have infinite labor, we have infinite resource extraction capabilities (limited by our access to energy). The scenario I see is solar-powered space mining. "Masculinity" is defined as "number of men who have this name per number of people who have this name." Seems to me like A)it's difficult to do this test accuracy given the small number of people who have a given name and B)it doesn't necessarily accurately reflect how we perceive the masculinity of a name. Also, "Because the number of female judges in the data is small, the asymptotic justification for conducting standard hypothesis tests is suspect." This is an interesting paper, but it seems like it would benefit from a larger dataset. Generally speaking, BGA solutions to fault-tolerance work by distributing everything across multiple computers. So every computer compares results with every other computer, and if a minority of computers find themselves in disagreement with a majority, the computers in the minority adopt the stance of the majority. I would be scared if they weren't using C (or a derivative like C++). C is a highly deterministic language. It has no "features" per se. If you point to a line of C code, I can tell you with very high certainty what assembly opcode(s) it will compile to. The only thing C does that might be considered a "feature" is memory abstraction, which is kind of important for any large programming project. Now, if you're trying to advocate using Java or Python or something, you've obviously never worked on embedded software. Not only does any very-high-level language introduce much higher resource requirements, but they are also much less deterministic (which is BAD for spacecraft). Proper C code is not less stable than any very-high-level language. In fact, there is a lot less that could go wrong. That's the whole point. There is no central authority; all computers are on the same level. Each computer does the calculations independently, and then they compare results. The computers in the majority either get the minority computers to accept the results or they somehow override the minority computers. I'm not sure how they negotiate, for example, low-level hardware access, but that's just an implementation issue. Take a look at the Bitcoin protocol. It's a very impressive example of many different computers agreeing upon something precisely, despite the fact that many parties have a vested interest in disrupting the Bitcoin network. >(is this possible?) re-tuning the beam's frequency. No. DVD burners simply use a 630nm or 650nm red laser diode. It can not be re-tuned more than a few nm, by regulating the temperature of the diode. You could replace the diode, but that is more effort than it's worth, and there's not much else to replace it with. If you wanted more power you might use a different diode, but the diodes are almost always buried really far in there and you would have to replace the electronics as well. Why not both? The compliant issues you mention (for the most part) do not exist. There are very few extra legal limitations for selling ammunition over the internet. These legal limitations could be shifted to third-party retailers, with Amazon as a middleman only. There are literally no extra legal limitations or regulations for a company selling (non-firearm) firearm parts, which Amazon does not allow. Selling ammunition requires roughly the same amount of legal red tape as selling knives or tasers (which Amazon already does). Sorry, I should clarify. I mean things that are functional pieces of a firearm ("functional" is hard to define here), even if completely legal and unregulated, are not allowed on the Amazon marketplace. Example: FCGs or upper receivers. Cosmetic parts like stocks and handguards seem to be allowed, as you noticed. As for Magazines introducing liability, Amazon stocks thousands of items like Knives, Tasers, Pepper spray, etc. that are illegal in some states but legal in others (just like magazines). >It also looks like they're making this free as in beer: I have no interest in free beer. I prefer free speech. These devices work surprisingly well. I have been fairly happy with its performance. >This is a big difference, one that hasn't been examined too well, and what has been written on it is not encouraging[0]. Random numbers is just about as close as you can get to true anonymity. In fact, I'd say that it is as close as you can reasonably expect to get no matter how you try to achieve it. It's also trivial to dis-associate your Bitcoins from a particular cryptographic identity, through the use of mixing services. What makes gold intrinsically valuable? >it is likely that whoever created Bitcoin was an amateur. You're kidding, right? Bitcoin is the single most impressive application of cryptography that I have ever seen in my entire life, and I get to look at a lot of cool cryptosystems. The only entity that could have created Bitcoin is some kind of savant or a group of very talented people. >ECDSA and SHA256 are referenced but little is said about whether or not they compose securely with the Bitcoin protocol, or even if the Bitcoin protocol itself is secure. By making only a few basic assumptions about the security of SHA, RIPEMD, and ECDSA, it's plainly obvious to anyone who remotely understands the protocol that the protocol is, in fact, secure. If you don't believe me personally, why don't you ask all the talented cryptographers who could lay their hands on over a billion dollars if they found a critical flaw in the Bitcoin protocol? >(though Bitcoin is not secure under the security notions used by cryptographers) You have no idea what you're talking about. Bitcoin makes very strict security guarantees and does not violate them. >people are hoping that its USD rate climb to $1000 or even $1 million, which is pretty ridiculous. Is it really? Not too long ago, a Bitcoin was worth about $.0007. 130/.0007 = 185714 It's only four more orders of magnitude to get to the $1M range. I don't think it's going to happen, but it's not all that far-fetched. >When someone sends me an iMessage, their client sends as many copies as I have devices? Generally how this works is that the sender encrypts the message with a symmetric encryption algorithm (like AES) and then encrypts the randomly-generated AES key with RSA with each of the receivers' private keys. So you only send out a single message, but it can be decrypted by any of the intended recipients. I'm trying to find more info about the certificate burnt into the CPU. Thus far, all I can find is the UID, which is an AES key burnt into the CPU and protected from cryptanalysis. However, I can't find anything about an asymmetric crypto key burnt into the CPU. Do you have any more info on that? It's true, 12.3T represents a large portion of the world money supply. But not an insurmountably large portion. >If I temporarily change my name to a random number There's nothing temporary about it. Unless you voluntarily publish something associating a particular address with yourself, there's basically no way for someone else to make that association. Making the association is completely infeasible if proper precautions are taken. >The problem is that all your transactions take place with the same public key or set of public keys. No, they don't. In fact, with the default client, it tries to minimize the number of times you re-use any given public key. >Sure, you can add more keys to that mix, but someone can probably always untagle the web. No, they can't. The "web" is comprised of a lot of cryptographically random probabilistic association, so the most you can possibly say is something like "there is a .0001% chance that this address belongs to the owner of this other address, and a 99.999% chance that it belongs to someone else." Nothing that would even remotely hold up in court, or even let someone associate you with a purchase. It literally does not get any more anonymous than this in a distributed identity-based system. Whenever any iDevice downloads a new keybag with an extra key, it gives the user like 15 notifications that a new device has been added to the iMessage account. I don't think there's a way to suppress this (without releasing a new OS). And? How does any other digital coin system solve this problem? In the end, you can always associate an identity with a purchase. Bitcoin simply allows you to have an infinite number of disconnected identities. It's true, a double spend attack is P difficulty. But it's a very, very expensive P, and the Bitcoin protocol makes no concrete guarantee against double spends. It simply makes the guarantee "it is incredibly expensive to pull off a double-spend attack". Which, to be honest, is a better guarantee than any traditional money system can make. >The pool of people who could have created Bitcoin includes almost everybody who has taken university-level courses on cryptography, No way. Have you looked at the whitepaper? The entire thing? Even completely ignoring the clever leveraging of cryptography, the sheer genius behind the methodology of the protocol makes me think that someone(s) extremely talented came up with it. >Ideas like hashcash have been around much longer than Bitcoin. True, but much of the genius comes from the way transactions themselves work. Right now, we're only leveraging a small portion of Bitcoin's capabilities. Because Bitcoin is really based on scripts assigned a value, the Bitcoin protocol allows for incredibly complex economic interactions in a cryptographically secure manner. The deeper I look into the protocol, the more I realize how genius some of the design decisions were. And besides, Bitcoin obviously did something right, because it's the only decentralized digital currency to take off. >But you are seriously overestimating the amount of intelligence required for developing Bitcoin. I think you're underestimating the elegance and complexity of the Bitcoin protocol. It's much, much more than a few crypto primitives strung together. I've already read that document. There's nothing about burned-in asymmetric crypto keys, only the burned-in symmetric AES key (the UID). I can't stand using IDEs like IntelliJ or Eclipse or just about anything else I've tried. For some reason, all that crap that hangs around the editing area makes me feel claustrophobic and distracted. I also feel like a lot of the development process becomes a black box. Instead of understanding exactly how your project is compiling (i.e. with what settings) and what external resources you're including, the IDE kind of shields you from that. When you do a project with UNIX-style tools, you have complete control and understanding of every step. And then there's also the fact that I can't stand having IDEs underline everything in red when I'm in the middle of typing a line. >I've heard this position before, I just don't get it. This is my screen while working on an early stage of a side project: Looking at that just makes me twitch for some reason. It's all so distracting to me. Maybe I have a poor attention span, but for some reason I feel like I can be so much more productive with something like this: http://i.imgur.com/ADvQF6e.png I generally do text editing in Sublime (and like you said, the Apple trackpad + OS X's gesture detection algorithms is a very powerful combo) and I feel like my development is very "zen". >Changing the linting timeout is very simple. What I mean is that most IDEs are incredibly annoying about small mistakes, and sometimes something like a dropped semicolon can light up a whole file with errors. The only IDE that I feel is sufficiently non-annoying about static code checks is Xcode. Xcode has very clever, non-distracting notifications about forgotten punctuation, control flow errors, etc. No, but the person being snooped gets a notification. No, by default your device notifies the shit out of you whenever your keybag is modified. >Amateurs can be talented. Not this talented. And you are aware that it's likely that "Satoshi Nakamoto" was actually a team of programmers, right? You don't get that kind of collaboration with clueless college kids. >no formal definition of security properties, no formal threat model, analysis that is limited to a specific attack strategy Why would they do that? Nakamoto wasn't selling the bloody thing, he was sharing the idea. We, the developers, have done this independently after Nakamoto fell off the radar. >I think the vast majority of Bitcoin users know little about Bitcoin's security properties or what it means for Bitcoin to be "secure." Maybe in the last year or so, but before that, 90% of the Bitcoin community was well educated on cryptography, and most of the power users still are. >The fact that a system is popular does not mean that the system is secure You're leaving something important out; the system is popular and the system has not been defeated in any meaningful capacity. That is a strong indicator of security. >It is also worth pointing out the Bitcoin is pretty unique in not having a "bank." Most digital cash systems require that currency be issued by an authority of some kind, and seek only to decentralize transactions (i.e. allowing offline transactions). No kidding! That's the whole motivation behind Bitcoin in the first place. >Being the only digital cash system without a bank that became popular is not as big of an achievement as you make it seem Are you shitting me? This is by far one of the biggest achievements in applied computer science in the last 25 years. Do you have any comprehension of the sheer number of previously purely theoretical methodologies leveraged to make Bitcoin happen? I feel like you're kind of dismissing Bitcoin without really completely understanding it. >It is not a better guarantee than previous digital cash systems made. Yes, it is. Cracking previous digital cash systems fell into the class of "hire a hacker" difficulty problems, which are significantly less difficult than the P difficulty problem presented by pulling off a 51% attack on the Bitcoin network. >that he (they?) is not well-educated in cryptography seems like a reasonable conclusion given what he published. Right, the person/group who published what may be the most significant usage case of applied cryptography in human history is probably not educated in cryptography. Have you even read the whitepaper? Perhaps you would change your tune if you saw what is actually being guaranteed. Nakamoto was perfectly aware of the challenges. When I say "Bitcoin is secure", that's by my standard, not Nakamoto's. I can't speak for him/them. I always go through and delete government and ISP certs from my computer's cert store. On OS X, you can do this from Keychain Access. The answer to this is a bit complex. But basically, if you're dealing with smaller transactions, it's OK to wait only a few seconds. If we're talking values However, there is a small risk of what is called a "double-spend attack". Basically, a criminal can send two Bitcoin transactions at once (one to the person they are paying and one to themselves). If they get lucky or can leverage a lot of computing power, they can make the person they are paying think they received their Bitcoins, but in the end, the attacker might be able to make the transaction in which they sent money to themselves go through first. Thankfully, such an attack is rather hard to pull off. If an attacker sends two transactions at once, some clients can detect such an attack and display a notification within a few seconds of the transaction. It also takes some luck and computer skill. Basically, it's not a repeatable process that someone can get away with. The other way, involving lots of computing power, is very expensive to pull off and gets exponentially harder as time goes on, which is why it's not really a risk for small transactions. So basically, there is a small risk of losing money if you only wait a few seconds, but almost no risk if you wait a few minutes. If my math is right, it takes, on average, 5 minutes for a block to confirm from any random point in time (if my math is right, which I'm not at all confident it is). So if I was doing a thousands-of-dollars transaction, I would wait for one block (5 minutes average? Someone check my math here), but if I was doing tens of thousands of dollars, I would wait for 3 blocks (closer to half an hour).