I'm not personally amazingly sympathetic. He uses his service for business purposes at home (as a consultant) - as he is perfectly entitled to do so. If he had paid for a business class account, he'd be fine. I pay Comcast right on $100 a month for 22/8mbps, with 5 static IPs, no throttling, and no caps - I work from home and according to my firewall had approximately 800GB of traffic last month (and that usage is not out of the ordinary). This surprises me. When I had Comcast Business Cable installed at my home, the telephone rep got the install address, paused a moment, asked, "Is that a residential house?". I said yes, and all was fine. No raised eyebrows from the installer either. In fact, my boss/company owner, who lives outside Scottsdale, who can't get more than 144kbps IDSL got so sick of things that he ordered a first, then a second bonded T1 to his house, without any hiccups. From the article: "And if you are careful enough to save money (for example living at home saves about 3K a month when all is said and done) and not increase your expenses too much (no need to get a Porsche when a BMW or VW suffices), it’s not hard to save 200K by the time you turn 24." Uhh, sure? 200K at 24, in savings? So that's about 250K pre-tax. Say you graduate high school at 18, find a magical job that gives a high school grad $42,000 a year, and spend /not one cent/ for six years, maybe... (or extrapolate outwards). Or maybe you go to college. Graduate, let's say, age 21... In this economy, how many college graduates walk out of school into an $85,000/year job and no living expenses... Never underestimate the value of a silver spoon in your mouth... and never underestimate the power of denial about just how silver your spoon is. I'd strongly suspect that this guy is definitely in the upper middle, to begin with. "Why buy a Porsche when a BMW will do?", complaining about the duldrums of a six digit income... talking about being easily able to have quarter of a million in savings at age 24... etc, etc. And I can appreciate the response... the information you're providing is absolutely interesting... perspective is different, nothing more... Is hard to discuss such things without some numbers... keep writing. :) Without belittling any tragedy, and with the obvious bias of being a firefighter, whilst trucking may be more deadly than being a firefighter, the situation you describe is largely in response to the fact that that person typically gave their life in order to try to save a stranger, or their home. Despite the risks to themselves, they put their hand up and said "I will go into that burning building if I know you are in there. I will risk life and limb to get you out. And in the process, I acknowledge that there is a chance that -I- may be the one that doesn't come out." Their big funeral, with all of their peers? Is but an acknowledgement of that. No-one made them make that decision, but they did. Their peers come because they want to show support to the family and friends, knowing that if that worst should happen to them, they'd want their own family and friends to have that support. "-considers something "robust" if it doesn't break old code, when the rest of us hate it because we have to live with register_globals and other horrors" Agreed - as a PHP programmer (mainly in Zend Framework), who is now learning Python... I hate register_globals. With a fiery passion. More importantly, as someone who hosts several photographer websites, I have a bone to pick with http://bludomain.com/ - congrats on your eighth birthday. Have you updated your code since you were born? It's a travesty that involves turning on almost every deprecated option in a php.ini. :\ The same impoverished underclass with access to Blackberry's and smartphones with data packages who can't afford to put new shoes on their feet? Are you really claiming this? I'm not so convinced... I went to my Apple store to buy an MBP, 17", 8GB, SSD. Nope. "We only stock the HDD models in store here." Not "we're out of stock". Hmm, okay... well maybe I could just buy an SSD from NewEgg, and sell the HDD... "What about with 8GB... I only see 4GB prices out here." "Yeah, we don't stock 8GB models. We can install 8GB and give you the 2 x 2GB chips." Yeah, not so much. The iPhone 4 has 326 ppi and I just took off my glasses and > I really had to focus until my eyes hurt to be able to see a single pixel. (I failed, I couldn't see one) Also I have to get really close on to my PC screen to see single pixels (235 ppi) > Now my question is, how could my retina have 530 ppi if I can not identify single pixels on a 326 ppi device? I guarantee you can. Make a nice white image and place a few single pixel black dots on it. You'll see them just fine. Or, for that matter, dead pixels. Read the comments on the article for a far better analysis / explanation than the article itself. In fact, checking in will still be around, and location info will be able to be attached to -any- content on FB. Because Apple supplies fiber to Moscone Center, right? ;) Apple releases "Retina Display", with ultra-high resolution: "Amazing! So much better than anything else! So crisp! So beautiful!" Someone else releases lower pixel density display for laptop, but far better than what Apple deigns to offer: "Ugh! No! How can you read that? That just gives you eye strain..." (Exaggerated for emphasis) Fake! Steve would never say, "Relax, read the iPad, Facetime Tim Cook"... It'd be "Relax, read iPad..." :) Two words: Power Shell. Well, one word. PS is a "decent command line" for Windows, that can handle most of the things you discuss pretty well. I can't feel too much pity for Mr Assange here. You'll notice he never said that the publisher had no authority to do this release - because you can guarantee that they do. Julian is hardly the first author they'll have had bail out after an advance check has been cashed, and their contract will allow them to recoup the costs any way they see fit, including releasing drafts as is, sending the manuscript to (another) ghost writer, etc. If he is actually innocent, then it sucks that all this money is being channeled to lawyers. But even that is of his own doing. I'm relatively certain that, had he stayed in Sweden and let the legal system run its course, his legal bills would be orders of magnitude smaller - though of course there would be the possibility that he would be found guilty. Instead he chose to flee the country, and his exorbitant costs are due to the fact that he's not now in a Swedish courtroom with an attorney defending sexual assault charges, but in the English High Court with a team of QCs and SCs specializing in constitutional and human rights law defending an extradition request, so as to deny him the ability to avoid justice, and to deny his accusers the right to have their claims heard. "Does this add value to the discussion?" Nope. "The MBA, which has fundamentally changed the way people think about computers"... Err, no, I really don't believe it has. "2:02PM Phil's taking a shot against the Atrix, Thrill, and Inspire 4G. "The iPhone 4S is just as fast as these phones."" Wow. "Guys, this is awesome! Our new phone is just as fast as an Android phone that came out a year ago!" (The Atrix, about to be supplanted by the Atrix 2). Do you think that might have something to do with the variety of models available? That people are more free to pick what hits their aesthetic desires, as well as form, functionality, features? Whereas with the iPhone, you basically have "the iPhone". So of course sales are consolidated into that one model. There is. As there is with most of the "4S vs 5DMkII" comparisons. For example, the 4S photos are highly saturated (known to be a trait of the iPhone) and sharpened (whereas the S95 and 5D shots do not appear to have had any sharpening). In the first set of photos, the iPhone shots have a completely different DOF to that of the two cameras (and not even shot from the same position). The "4S versus 5DMkII" video comparison going around conveniently ignores the little footnote in the accompanying description where the tester states that he "adjusted the 5D settings down to match the 4S options available", i.e. "4S video matches highly handicapped 5D video"... No doubt, the 4S has impressive still and video functionality, but you're looking at a couple of lenspieces smaller than a penny versus 12+ pieces of glass in an L lens... The screaming one to me is that O in Helvetica is a circular shape, whereas Roboto has vertical lines. There are definite similarities, but a multitude of fairly significant differences. And yet, nicely cherry-picked videos and stills from the iPhone 4S promotional material are just fine for stoking the fires of iOS vs the rest... And yet, his "words to avoid" talks specifically about "GNU is not a tool set", either... "How did we lose sight of the fact that this is the entire purpose of stylesheets? To separate the display of information for various devices/platforms/needs. So yea, they should provide a "netbook style", and any other. That's really the point of it all." Seems to me, "a couple of years ago". That's when any real innovation in CSS seemed to cease.* * I can hear people arguing already. By "innovation in CSS", I don't mean "cool, awesome tricks" like "being able to render strange bullets in pure CSS by bastardizing four divs, a span, and a dozen lines of stylesheet", or "a bargraph library that outputs pure CSS". Those are cool, awesome tricks, to be sure, hacks, but the very definition of "solving the wrong problem". "Arch Linux with ZFS-FUSE in RAIDZ2 configuration: 4x2TB HDD = 7TB of storage that can survive dual drive failure." Uhh, 4 x 2TB raidz2 will give you 3.6TB of storage... "Though I guess they could've been helping the fire department locate the fire or something; I'm sure it'd take quite a while to check for fires before giving an all clear." As a firefighter, I can -guarantee- that would never be the case. Depending on the severity of the alarm, we have our own tools for a) finding the fire - thermal cameras, etc, and b) getting to them - there's a reason forcible entry is taught in Fire Academy. :) No, they were just putting themselves above their employees. When something not turning out "as you expected" means that there is a high potential for death or injury to /an uninvolved party/, then absolutely you have failed in your responsibilities, especially when it is something that your planning or contingencies could and should have accounted for. I guess, then, by your logic, if no-one was responsible, there will be no compensation, right? After all, not their fault that a cannonball just happened to rip through someone's house. What an outdated idea, indeed. (Though of course, in reality, the production company / insurer will probably pay for all damage and some compensation while trying to make the homeowner sign a document stating that they accept no responsibility or liability and that it's a goodwill gesture). There's an easter egg there, too - try Control Shift drag. Yeah, it costs Amazon nothing to run... Maybe Amazon should be complaining that the retailers don't have to manage huge server farms, or employ hundreds of technical staff, or so on. They both have costs associated with doing business. Amazon has to pay ongoing infrastructure costs that the retailers don't, they have to take care of sales and other taxes that Amazon might. Video -hosting- (and ancillary features) is included in what you pay for. Access to other parties videos? Is not. And the party you contracted with (Google) has contracts with other entities. Has nothing to do with "rights". If you have a problem with the contracts entered into, then act accordingly. For what? Being denied their natural right to have content hosted by Google at no charge? Wait, hang on... Except they make out like bandits in that case. Hefty fees to the merchant, jacked up transaction fees... I understand your communication just fine. HN is however not immune to its own little cults or pockets of personality worship. Questioning some of those people, however validly, will often result in downvoting for your gall. Does anyone actually use Tumblr for original content, or for that matter, text? 99% or more of the Tumblrs I've seen are just people recirculating other Tumblr photos. "Apple-like innovation"? What's "Apple-like" about making an antenna? Wasn't "Apple-like" the reason for free bumpers and "you're holding it wrong"? Try as I might... I can't justify, or figure out how $50 (+ $10 for a mobile app - used to be $20) for a To Do list, however nice, is worth it. This might feel / seem a little deceptive - but I would consider having a "female-themed/friendly" theme for the site too. Two domains, one DB, etc. Because other than that, I think you're going to have a huge problem finding female members. I do like the sense of humor, imagery-wise, and the design. "Adam Savage later said that he had been told he had better get his ass into damage control mode, and that it didn't matter if he sounded foolish in saying it was all a mistake". I'm usually fairly anti-Gruber. But this was, in all respects, an interesting and insightful read, well thought out, and offered little in the way of Gruber's worshipping at the pedestal of Apple. Granted, you did mention iOS work, which limits your choices, but there are several laptops there that absolutely can compete as desktop replacements, including one I've used: Dell Precision M6600, Core i7-2820QM 2.3GHz,16GB (can take 32GB), graphics cards up to Nvidia Quadro 5010M 4GB, 1080p resolution display, SATA 3 SSDs "I just did this with a new product we launched. My lowest plan was priced at $9/month. We did a usability test with our target market and ask them (at the end) what they expected to pay for a product like this. Only 1 person said a number lower than $20/month–and they went as high as $100/month." However, that doesn't imply that they WOULD pay that for a product. The conclusion they might draw (validly or otherwise) could be "I'd expect to pay a lot more for this product, so I won't even consider it an option - it's out of my range." I might expect to pay $1,000 for a table for 4 at one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. I might be pleasantly surprised to find the average bill around $600. That doesn't mean I'll pay $600 for that, though. "This marketing spend is disproportionately targeted at the US, as it's one of the few countries which permits heavy marketing of prescription drugs directly to normal people." By few, you mean two, soon to be one. The US and New Zealand, and New Zealand has passed legislation to phase it out. The US will be the only country in the world where you can be advised of your potential need for a prescription drug not by a medical professional, but by an actor on a television screen. "The doctor flatly refused -- MRIs were only available after physical symptoms had developed. Of course, at that point, the available treatments for a flare-up of MS are less effective at preventing long-term neurological problems. (Happily, I am back in Japan now.)" There's your mistake. You didn't see a doctor who owned (or who had bought a share in) an MRI machine. Those doctors are 4.2 times more likely to refer patients for MRI than doctors who don't. Not sure why this was downvoted, other than "USA! USA!". Disclaimer: I live in America. "but if USB is supplanted by something like Apple's Thunderbolt (convenient, huh)" By which you mean "Intel's Thunderbolt, which Apple was the first vendor to license"... "To a certain degree"... Not so much... So I, as a Content Creator, have to a) be mindful of, and b) take action to opt out of 1) Pinterest, 2) any other of a potentially large number of sites / applications, purely in order to ensure said sites don't claim commercial rights to and derive income from my work and effort? Not the way it works, or should work, say I. They shouldn't. At least if they follow their own rules. They cracked down heavily on sites (like experts-exchange.com) who would display results and answers to GoogleBot, but when humans attempted to browse that page, they had to register/ pay to see the same page. Because "without it, you will die" is an amazingly effective motivator. Someone I know recently had a double lung transplant. Even with insurance, employer support, and many donations from a large community supporting, he was told that a) the procedure would cost approximately $1-1.1M, and b) that a downpayment in the order of $400,000 would have to be received PRIOR to approval being given for the procedure to go ahead. His insurance? Would only cover $350,000, after the procedure. His illness? Cystic Fibrosis. His age? 32. Not so much that, to me - both parties have a great idea of what their costs might be, but the consumer has the critical information - "of the options open to me, which will I choose, if any?" The "ignorance" is in "likelihood of utilization", not "cost of utilization".