Absolutely not!! It's more like this You have old user table with for example: login and user name In MongoDB this is a JSON object {login:'user', name:'User Name'} You want to add 'shoe size'. So you add 1 - the shoe size to the signup/user editing form 2 - next user created is like this: {login:'user', name:'User Name', 'shoe_size': 7} 3 - Old users DON'T get a shoe_size added automatically to their document, but next time they login they get asked "What's your shoe size". It's dynamic. if (!user.shoe_size), done. You add new columns on demand, and you almost never remove them (you don't need to add fields for migrating, except of course those you want to add) You (almost never) "run the migration" for a while adding shoe_size to existing documents. And it absolutely does make a huge difference, since you don't have to deal with the mess of relational DB migrations. I'll never develop a system using a relational DB again if I can avoid. > Now I'm not anti-MongoDB, I'm just saying you shouldn't give it credit for something that relational database do just fine. No, it can't. Sorry, it absolutely can't. > If you add a default value it locks the table and re-writes it. > However, if you don't add a default value postgres will perform the operation instantly. And in MongoDB you don't have to change anything in the DB (hence, no downtime). It's all in your code. Yes, I can add a field in PGSQL, then my ORM quits on me (because I can't have a optional field, of course). Or I can use hand written SQL at which point it adds a couple of months to my schedule. Or I can use migrations + ORM like Ruby migrations or South (Django). They will blow up for anything slightly more complex. I also can't use the old version of the DB, so my old backups just became more troublesome to recover. And that's why Facebook and others don't user relational anymore. Sure, you can use MySQL or PG, but the real data is stored in a text or binary blob. Exactly VC++ is much easier to work with than GCC on Windows (and I'm not talking only IDE but API support, debugging, binary size, etc) Also, video driver support is best on Windows. But of course, demos are made for Linux/OSX as well. You can try them on Wine as well under Linux, it's worth a shot. There are several reasons to use C++: Qt, STL just to name a few. C++ is much more powerful than C. C is more 'well behaved', surely, but productivity is an important issue. Especially for desktop applications, and embedded applications, C++ is killer. And of course your mileage may vary. But you're welcome trying to run Java in an embedded system (Android hw requirements are way above most embedded systems out there, like set top boxes, network devices, etc) Add the semicolon "but but but" add the semicolon There's so much FOR it, it's unbelievable. Yes, it's good to 'break the rules' now and then. Add the semicolon This is not about if JS allows it or not. It's important, but mostly irrelevant. You can also not add 'var' to JS variables unless needed. That's going to be a lot of fun when it goes wrong. But here are the million dollar questions: 1 - How much time is spent making it work without a semicolon as opposed to just typing it? This is not about typing ';' - time for that is irrelevant, but the mental effort of doing so 2 - How much time will it be wasted to fix minifiers (that is, add to them the intricacies of no-semi colon parsing and probably having to write a whole different parser) 3 - How much mental effort is needed to comprehend and correctly fix non semicolon code Number 3 is the biggest issue and if you don't believe me it goes by another name: coding standard Yes, JS works without semicolons. And yes, C works without indenting, without meaningful names to variables, etc. It's not about "to write JS you should know all the nitty-gritty rules of the language and you're stupid if you don't know them so you just add semicolons". It's about teamwork, and facilitating code comprehension (and maintenance). And language designers make mistakes. They don't know if a feature is going to become a trap, irrelevant to 99% of developers (and with an easy workaround) or just a pain in the behind. Well, everybody is going to have some amount of nostalgia, for better or worse. Especially from things that relate to childhood/teen years. Not only on the internet space, but "80's/90's parties", reliving the experiences, etc. In a sense, it's very important. The 70's, the 80's and the 90's have been a period of extreme experimentation and learning in culture and technology. In music, cinema, computers, technology, etc The appeal of this era, I believe, comes from the limitations and the 'quirkiness' of things evolving. See how 8-bit limitations have created a culture and a aesthetics of its own. Games don't need MIDI music anymore, resolution is not a limiting factor and we can get almost picture perfect images in real time. How games were designed on the Apple II has its relevance, in both cultural and technical terms. The main point of the 'internet culture' is facilitating the storage and sharing of these old contents. In a culture preservation sense this is very important. How much money is spent by studios to conserve a copy of their old movies. Try playing the old VHS tapes in your (or your parents) basement. Oh you don't have a VCR anymore?! Storing them in YT (or in a digital format) and sharing can preserve the cultural value of the content. There are 2 issues there 1 - yes, screens are huge, but it doesn't mean people can/will use small fonts or will scroll the screen With today's big/wide screens it's more useful to have code side by side. 2 - Abuse. The 80 character limit is a pretty good indicator that you should be doing something else instead of having your code go over 80 characters. Long lines are confusing, and you most likely can split the logic in several lines, facilitating maintenance. Yeah I used to prefer tabs as well, and I still stand by it. But you can always configure your editor to use 4 spaces. And 4 spaces looks like 'less wasted space'. I'll keep using tabs for some things, and 4 spaces to most professional projects. About 2 spaces I'll just say one thing: NO Oops! You're absolutely right! I just 'forgot' about The Beatles, The Rolling Stones and Bob Dylan (amongst others) As having gone to engineering school, I agree with you. But the main issue is that most technical courses are given by people with a strong foothold in academia (and a lack of knowledge of "the outside world") Good teachers go a long way, you have to be aware of the issues to realize they're happening once in the "real world". You have to know the technical aspecsts, but if you restrict yourself to that, you'll spend your life in Dilbert's world unable to change things. And when it's your turn to lead, you'll do exactly the same as your boss did. This list is very important, and the most amazing thing is how many people don't know 10% of it, even in companies! I suppose the issue is slightly deeper than "users want to see their movies without letterboxing" Sure, you could simply slap any resolution in a PC monitor. But if you keep the aspect rate constant across devices, you can easily change displays. Why? Example: 2nd monitor, and especially the big screen TVs that are being used in place of projectors nowadays. Funny that the 13' MacBooks (Pro/Air) still have a 1.6 (16:10) ratio, and the 11' has a 16:9 ratio Amazing! At first I thought it was something even lower-level (that is, a true magnetic scanner that didn't depend on existing disk drives - there are solutions like that for shattered HD plates and disks, but I'm assuming it's very expensive) But I don't know much about floppy drives to say what are the limitations of using a standard floppy reader. Actually the main issue is: Sure, you can run an Amazon EC2 machine 24/7 (and get a 'competitive price') But if that's your main usage pattern, go for Rackspace, Linode, etc EC2 really shines on 'on demand' computing. Turning it up to 11 when you need it and decomissioning it soon after. Sure, it's usual to keep 1 or 2 machines working full time. Whereas in Rackspace what you do is start a machine (you can pick from several configs) and have it running permanently. And AWS offer several services that are still sometimes missing from the competition (like CloudFront, Route53, etc) Beautiful! It's very difficult to assemble a circuit without a substract (PCB or other), and those wires aren't going to stay straight by themselves. The shining capacitors are a special touch (I guess he removed the plastic cover on them) I'm not sure about the sound quality though. Not really. A headphone (even a big one) uses little power. For this amp, output power is around 200mW apparently. Sure, acrylic is not the best conductor of heat around, but I'm guessing the tight coupling to the chip casing and low power makes it a non issue. I see one exception to this rule, and it's something very specific. If you're dealing with a very specific knowledge or domain and you're an expert in that field, I guess you could be a "technical non-coder" For example: healthcare/medical, economy, statistics, etc Some of those can work their way around Matlab for example, but not create something on the web Of course. Concorde was shut down for economic reasons. But it was also the first interaction of the concept, and built with very inefficient technology. The Space Shuttle flew for the first time 5 years after Concorde began commercial service. How many improvements have we seen in commercial aviation technology: better engines, better aerodynamics (and CFD), lighter materials, fly-by-wire If a new SST is ever designed it will probably sill be inefficient, but ahead of the original Concorde. You probably wouldn't need it to go Mach 2 for example, maybe Mach 1.5 saves enough time on a trip to justify it. Not to mention the issue that Concorde had Economy class seats with First class price. This I haven't tried ML yet. My MBP is brand new (bought in January 2012), factory configuration (4GB RAM, Lion) If you use it 'lightly' (that is, only Safari open) it's a breeze. But of course, it's never only that if you want to do any work. Frankly, 4 GB should be enough! My past machine (with 3GB - and Linux) would rarely swap (in fact I could keep swap off and use a Windows 7 VM) But you can go only so far with an aging CPU Some of the slowness can be attributed to Safari/Firefox, sure But it really seems to have something wrong. Maybe they really neglected people with spinning disks. (Yes, I considered buying a MacBook Air but 128Gb was not enough for me and the other options were above my budget) I think there's an exageration as well, today the trend seems to be "use nothing by the distro" Ok, sure, MongoDB still changes a lot between versions, in this case you should use the latest version. But stop there. Especially if you're paying for support (like RHEL) There should be a good reason for you to compile Apache / MySQL / PostgreSQL / Python. Otherwise, use the distro version. One (common) exception would be "we need Python 2.7 but this ships only 2.6" Most of the "just download and compile" have no idea of the work that goes behind Linux distributions to ship these packages. Yes, I'm sure you're going to read all security advisories and recompile all your stack every X days instead of running apt/yum upgrade You're right, sorry about that ;) Guess I was thinking too much about the "compile everything" people. Great article, btw! Humm... no Profitability is more important. There are examples to the contrary (Tumblr, Pinterest, Instagram, etc) but if you're profitable this means you are providing a worthy service (unless you're in the 'Nigerian Prince' business), and people are willing to pay you! Never underestimate the power of people actually paying you. A cutoff is good, but a triggered alarm would go a long way. For example in Linode you can configure trigger conditions for CPU (triggers in x% cpu for y time) and Network usage (there are other conditions as well) Very useful for flagging suspicious activity (or just plain accidents) >> The heavy regulation is not preventing competition. The heavy regulation is just providing a minimum base for that competition. >> The problem is with the utterly broken system of US healthcare. These are not uncorrelated. They are heavily correlated. Sure you can do everything by the book, and then you end up with $4000 or more for a SIMPLE thing. And of course, people can say "lawyers ruin everything", but I'd like to add "crybaby patients ruin everything" as well. Because if the manufacturer of the machine allows configuration you can be certain someone, if the machine asks for 1+1 they will type 3 and die as a result. >> It was, however, strange to need a prescription to buy a machine Well, people need a prescription for glasses, so not that strange afterall. I suppose if you know your prescription (only the values) they won't give you the glasses, it has to be a proper prescription This is not true for contact lenses You are required to present a prescription and give the doctor's name to buy online e.g. http://www.coastal.com/new-visitors.ep?ilid=lnav Also, the requirement of a prescription to buy glasses varies from country to country. AS3 is not Java, but rather Javascript http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ActionScript#ActionScript_3.0 The S in SOAP is for Simple as the L in LDAP is for lightweight "Just feels like people with money are throwing it around" Also, there is this quote: "One of the areas of focus for their fund is cloud computing" So, it looks like EXACTLY that. They will probably end up with lots of "Pets.com 2.0" One thing that is quite easy to forget: A formula is a formula, it's a tool It does not crash markets, people who misuse it are the ones who cause trouble. More or less But I can have an accident with a gun. The gun is a physical, tangible instrument for delivering damage. You don't see people getting killed directly by formulas. Also, you are responsible for feeding the parameters in the formula. The formula doesn't interpret or act in the values it provided. This is very true What the "regulation fans" don't realize is that the bigger the company the more lawyers/accountants it can hire and work the cracks in the system. This is also valid in the case of Starbucks. Regulation is increased for a reason, and the only company that has the resources to comply with it is Starbucks. Regulation has to be simple, and in the case of transnational corporations, were country borders are mere a detail, increasing regulation will mean essentially nothing to the company and a loss of revenue to the country. Disagree "UTF-16 is the worst of both worlds—variable length and too wide" Really, the author tries to convince the reader, but it's not that clean cut. One of the advantages of UTF-16 is knowing right away it's UTF-16 as opposed to deciding if it's UTF-8/ASCII/other encoding. Sure, for transmission it's a waste of space (still, text for today's computer capabilities is a non issue even if using UTF-32) "It's not fixed width" But for most text, it is. Sure, you can do UTF-32 and it may not be a bad idea (today) Yes, Windows has to deal with several complications and with backwards compatibility, so it's a bag of hurt. Still, they went the right way (internally, it's unicode, period.) "in plain Windows edit control (until Vista), it takes two backspaces to delete a character which takes 4 bytes in UTF-16" If I'm not mistaken this is by design. The 4 byte characters is usually typed as a combination of characters, so if you want to change the last part of the combination you jut type one backspace. "Keeping large amounts of text data in memory as efficiently as possible is one of my greatest concerns" Depends on what you consider efficiency. If it's size, sure, store it using UTF-8. But if you're worried about speed, then UTF-16 or 32 may be the way to go, since you're dealing with data that fits a CPU register. For example, on ARM comparing one byte is much more work than comparing one 32-bit value. "True, so ignoring it means that your code will be correct ... most of the time." No, not going to ignore it! But on UTF-16 more code points match the UTF-16 encoding of it (easier for debugging) "First of all, if you don't know the encoding, then you don't know the encoding" True. But as you said, you have to know if it's BE or LE on UTF16. And there are ways to determine that automatically. (or it's on the same platform so it doesn't matter). With "ASCII compatible" codes, you can't. I guess the main issue to me is that UTF-16 is not "ASCII compatible" so you know it's a different beast altogether. And don't worry, I'm not assuming UTF-16 is fixed width. One should use the libraries and not try to solve this 'manually'. About UTF-32 think: CPU registers and operations. Working with bytes is inefficient (even with the benefit of smaller size). Correct There was once an article about a "songwriters auction" where songwriters would pitch their music to producers of famous singers. (sorry can't find it now) For most commercial pop music it's an assembly line really. Several stages specializing in one thing. McD ideas for McD music. Tastes the same as well. Good analogy There are several very competent musicians working 'as the band' for famous names or just playing in recording sessions. There's good money on that. Of course, most of them have their own band, do their gigs at night, usually just for fun (it most certainly does not pay the bills). Very interesting! So I guess this explains how Justin Bieber's 'Baby' has so many songwriters/composers. It's really an assembly line "I mean, sure it's ridiculous, but these tracks are made by people who are uniquely good at the ridiculous things they like doing. If they've found a way to get paid for that, my hat's off to them" Agree wholeheartedly. You jest, but there are a lot of similarities Of course, YC doesn't profit from very bad contestants, so there's one difference But if you see the progression of the candidates through the competition you can certainly draw several parallels. YC doesn't have a 'clear cut' winner as AI, still you know that there is a slight mismatch between 'winning the competition' and be 'market successful'. One rarely matches the other. And of course, the issues of focus, strategy, pressure are very similar among AI and YC. Some contestants start shining early on in the competition, some have perfect technique, but in the end, it only goes so far if it isn't a balance of competences. Makes sense, but yeah, VC as a Record Label is not really a good analogy Record Labels give much more support to their protégés, and "charge a higher fee" as well (VCs don't ask for 'creative control' of their startups as an example) Great experiments! Too bad most of them are really easy/for kids. The ones in this blog are a bit more high level (I didn't know the orange one). I remember "The Amateur Scientist" at SciAm, but those were really difficult experiments. (Of course I wanted to be like that when I "grew up") But I did my share of setting fire to things. Two words: microwave transformer (don't try this at home kids) I agree with the original poster "IF you assume that MITM-attacks are rare, you probably also assume that traffic snooping is rare (which is after all a form of a MITM-attack)" Well, no! You can snoop traffic without being the MITM (WiFi, local network snooping, etc). Snooping is much more easier. As you said, security is never perfect, and 'security implementers' less so. If the other part of the communication uses a self signed certificate (or signed by "Bob's SSL") well, I can try to convince them to change, but it will be hard. Sure, I'll never accept a self signed key from my bank or e-commerce, but there are several other uses. And when using APIs to connect to https you should be able to tell it to ignore the certificate, it doesn't matter, way more often than the opposite, unless you don't trust your ISP. Let me tell you (a bit from experience) It has to be low, but it shouldn't be too low! - Early adopters really don't mind paying more - If the app has some intrinsic corporate value it can be priced higher - Pricing "sets the tone" of the product For example, a regular user won't mind paying $1 compared to a $0.10 product. So charge $1 And think of how many copies you have to sell more at price X to profit like price Y. Suppose an exageration: price X is $1 and price Y is $100. Is selling at price X really 100 times more difficult than at price Y? Selling 5 units at Y price may be difficult but selling 500 units at price X may be harder You don't want to celebrate 1000 sales at $1, you're still starving at the end of the month. "In my experience, folks who pay A WHOLE NINETY NINE CENTS OF MY MONEY have very shockingly high expectations of polish / quality / feature selection (but no desire to e.g. read what the software actually does)" What you do? You shut them out. Not "remote disable them". But feature/support requests policy has to be simple. Either a user forum, FAQ, etc You should absolutely not waste your precious time with this kind of work. If they want a refund just give it to them (not sure how easy this is on App Store or others) Also, if this is so overwhelming, raise the price If they really want this so much they can pay 1.99 You don't need to ignore everything they say, but take it with a huge grain of salt. I'm guessing the JVMs have gone a long way on optimization (or maybe they're using JIT) Also not sure about how optimized are the C# sources in relation to the Java sources For example, in the Mandelbrot benchmark there are several differences - Java uses more arrays - C# and Java use different break conditions - Calculations are done differently (with similar results) Overall they're doing the same things, the C# is more like I remember it, so I'm guessing the Java code has some smart tricks up its sleeve True I agree, what it should say is: never log to the main database, create a DB especially for it (preferably in an entire different file system/disk/machine) And don't forget to set it to 'append only' So, here's the thing, and you can be guilty of this too! If you're too worried about the answers matching your little pop quiz, sorry, you're doing it wrong I know G needs the users to know what they ask, and their business stand on scalability, still There is so much more! The article is just one example where google fails (yes, it doesn't say it's google: it's google) And you solved it in O(n) where they want an O(n log n) solution?! What are they thinking of refusing this? You can be a specialist on several other technologies and techniques that are not asked in the interview it's not even funny. Discrete math, code optimization, machine learning (yeah, ok, Norvig is there, and they do that a lot, still), graphics rendering, etc, etc Couldn't think of a better analogy myself IMHO For SEO and UX the current scheme is good. So they should keep using it. But the problem is thinking that "we use REST so every darn resource on the site has to follow this pattern even though it makes no sense to use it" I don't think twitter is going to filter by user to see if it matches the url. The key for the tweet is the tweet_id and that's the key to their (hugely cached) DB According to Groklaw the jury has not indicated an issue with question 4, but rather with one of the 3 first Their (groklaw) quote is: "Judge Alsup tells them they don't have to reach agreement on question 4. That's just advice for him, because he has to decide that in the end. No, they tell him they are at an impasse on one of the first three questions on the form." These are actually very good odds "risk" is actually probability x payoff (for one event like a bet on throwing a dice) If it's bigger than 1, congratulations. In this case you would have something like Integral(payoff x probability,dprobability,0,1) (sorry about this syntax) For a real probability distribution, this means you have a 40% chance of breaking-off or do better The second issue is that your risk is (very) limited. It's cost of equipment + dev licence + cost of your time + 3rd parties It's not like the risk of cutting the wrong wire in a bomb about to go off. Most of the risk, I assure from experience, is not getting to the store in the first place. That is, not finishing the product, or coming up with something bad