There's a fallacy more.. The business never, ever, ever puts forward so simple requirements, and if they did, the only right way to respond would be to just f*ing do it. The business has a problems that's more like, "all of these CSV files clutter my desktop, I need them cleaned up". The hacker that then goes home and makes a Perl script that parses and archives all the files in a relational database need not apply, while the guy who ventures out to figure out how these files got there in the first place and how to fix the broken process should get the job. How does this "buying" concept of source control software work? > This is an interesting quote. If you replace Marx and Engels with Mohammed, Communism with Islam, and Russian with say Iranian you end up with "something you can't say". Which is again interesting, because it isn't true. You'll have to be pretty blinded not to see the main difference between Marxism and Islam - namely that the latter is a religion which can exists independently of a government, while Marxism in it's very core is a layout for a state. It doesn't make sense to live as a practising Marxist in a capitalism society, but you can very well live as a practising Muslim in a Christian or secular society. Way too many governments are using Islam to subdue their people in a totalitarian state, and they are helped by islamophobes in the west, who lend them legitimacy by claiming that it's just the way Islam is. Agreed. Indeed, most of the rewrites I've seen look like this: RewriteRule .* /index.php No, but mod_rewrite is not the only way of implementing it. In the mentioned case, index.php would implement a front-controller. mod_rewrite is black magic, and will fail without suggesting why, just throwing a 500 Internal Server Error. Debugging a front controller in PHP (or whatever) it much easier. Problem is, if the questions can be automatically generated from publicly available information (the contents of a blog), so can the answer. It will work as long as the system is not commonly available, because spammers won't care - but that's true for any new anti-spam system. Manually creating three options and selection one as the "right answer" won't work either, a spammer will just try three times, until he gets it right. I don't like the affinity test - it may work for certain types of sites, but consider the case where you criticize a company on a blog, and a rep wants to reply and participate in the discussion. If he has to do a "nontrivial amount of research" to post, he's probably not going to, which would be a shame. > It's a joke. Worse, I think it's art. I'd guess that they'd need to partition their data somehow by then, so the Europe DB is master for European users and slave for the rest, and so on. > But our monitoring servers, prior to some recent optimizations, hammered the disks as fast as they would go at over 1000 random writes per second sustained 24×7. I don't know what that monitoring thing does, but if you make it hammer your non-persistent local storage, and then sync logs to S3, you should be fine. As I understand this service, it's only for transactional stuff that absolutely need to be there after a reboot (e.g. transactional DB), if the plug is pulled accidentially. Thanks for sorting out any ideological issues anyone might have in three sentences. Or, of course, you could try to, you know, read a book about free markets, and then one on international financial regulations (I guarantee you the latter will be much longer and harder to read), and then try to put Paypal and libertarianism into the same box again. I did some consulting a few months ago. A FOAF had developed and launched a quite comprehensive online textbook, and their success was choking the the website. They don't know much programming, and had they not used a framework (and one of the slower ones at that), they wouldn't have launched. Period. I moved in, got them off shared hosting, replaced the built-in search with a Apache Solr, tuned the cache and a few other quick wins, took my money and left them my phonenumber. They live to fight another year or two, and I'll stop by and help again then. Scalability is not your problem, getting people to give a shit is. http://teddziuba.com/2008/04/im-going-to-scale-my-foot-up-y.... Frameworks helps getting people to give a shit, custom C++ extensions doesn't, so use a framework, unless Yahoo! called. > I have 20gb website backups I make every week. Well, don't use your private cable-line for that. You could push it to Amazon S3 instead? > "FDIC Fridays" or in this case "Fed Fridays" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Take_Out_The_Trash_Day It's neither. Both capitalism and communism deals specifically with the ownership of scarce goods. Software specifically isn't a scarce good. But it's free market at its best. Both process and result. Apparently, when energy becomes matter, it creates some sort of cloud of javascript context in which the variable worldHasEnded is defined. I don't think that was covered in my college physics textbook. The market forces work just fine. It's just that there isn't a free market. If every mom and pop could set up a cellular service with a reasonable investment, there'd be a bunch of community providers, and prices would go down - just as we've been seeing with internet connections. But the spectrum is intensely regulated by authorities, frequencies are not just expensive, they are usually not available at all(:1) - because the authorities want to protect the investment of the early providers. Effectively, they made a deal that created a government sponsored monopoly, which, even if you can privately buy a share in it, is the opposite of free markets. 1: This is true for most of Europe, can't say for the US. > Just wait for there to be another option. Everyone will flood to this alternative VoIP over Wimax and Wifi, with GSM as backup .. IM replacing SMS. The future is almost here, and I think a platform like Android will help it along. Have you ever made him do something in a specific way, because of "enterprise"-reasons, politics and "that's the way we do it" instead of arguments? Do you make him run windows, when he'd rather use a Mac or Linux, because he has to use Visual Studio? Did he ever suggest that you do a project in Ruby or Python, to be told that "we're a Java shop"? Do you have bureaucratic rules? Do you make him punch in and out, and log time down to the minute? Are certain websites blocked because they are not work-related? Is the working environment pleasant. Are you six developers and two PMs on cheap chairs and small tables, in a 300 sq ft office, with hard floors and no sound dampening? Is management not only a step up in salary and responsibility, but also access to unrelated perks like a better chair? But mostly, I think, it was the "talk the talk" about creative minds, and not walk a single step of the road, that made sick of that place. He's a brilliant mind, no doubt about that. But those who ventured into science, basically up until 150 years ago, were usually royalty or similar, with incomprehensible wealth, and obedient (and often violently oppressed) subjects. If you never, in your entire life, have to worry a second if you can feed yourself and your family and keep a roof over your head, you're probably slightly more keen to see what a life of sitting down and wondering might lead to. > (not sure how this works when a bubble bursts, haven’t been around long enough). Well, after the last .com bubble burst, there was a lot less ping-pong with the CEO, and a lot more "You want fries with that" going on, as I understood it. Working in investment-banking is only about the money, in much the same way that IT is only about typing. > If it were socialism, you wouldn't have poor/middle-class people dying from treatable diseases. No, since nobody would be middle-class or above, it would only be poor people dying from treatable diseases. I think it's important to clarify that there are two layers in this. Paying for health care and providing health care. IMO, there's a good case to be made for a baseline of mandatory basic healthcare (i.e. no dying in the streets, no choosing food this week over a visit to the doctor), which should be tax-funded for families below a certain income threshold. The other end of the stick is the hospitals and doctors themselves, and there is absolutely nothing that suggests that they become more efficient or cheaper, if they are made public employees. Quite the contrary, I'd argue. In TFA, there is much focus on the quality of Steam as a content distribution platform, and it's relevancy to Googles own efforts in that venue. It sounds more like Google want to use Steam technology in other products, and don't have any particular interest in Valves current business. Maybe they'll even opensource CS, since cash flow from that is probably pretty insignificant by now, and there's a lot of good-will to obtain. On a single-user machine, screwing up as root and screwing up in your unprivileged account is pretty much the same, since the most valuable you're going to loose isn't that 20 minute Ubuntu install, but your files. And the user you use, privileged or not, will have the power to wipe your files out. Only other benefit (apart from all those programs that will complain or actually refuse to run as root) is if you run something questionable, it won't be able to install a root-kit, open a backdoor and hide the process. > he used the system the way it was built to be used and the system did what it was supposed to do. So, if I go to the mailbox outside your home (assuming the classic unlocked US design) after the mailman leave, pick up your mail, open the envelopes and post what I find on /b/, you're just gonna shrug and blame yourself for using such a badly designed security mechanism? You know, when I open your letters, the envelope does exactly what it's supposed to do, so I'm not committing a crime, right? This, and the app-store debacle, is the kind of stuff that makes me think that Apple isn't in it for the long haul. Why doesn't MacOSX ship with native GTK? And Qt? Why hasn't OpenOffice worked seamlessly from day 1? Or at least day 5? Why don't Apple embrace the huge community that worships their products, instead of becoming the next Microsoft? What have they got to loose? If getting my favourite Linux apps to run on my MacBook had bees as easy as apt-get, heck, even as easy as under Windows, I'd still use Mac OS X.. now it's running Kubuntu, and I'm regretting not getting a ThinkPad. I'm disappointed, I REALLY wanted to like MacOSX. No. But the other threads in this discussion are about Gaim/Pidgin and Gimp. Why has it been a dead-simple 5-minute thing to install those apps on Windows for years, but still tricky on MacOSX? Why did it take, what 7 years, from the launch and immediate celebration of OSX, to get native GTK? So, without knowing the answer to the above, I guess you could say I'd like it to be more like Windows (ducks). Cappucino is a web-framework. According to wikiquote, this quote is unsourced, attributed to Edsger Dijkstra: Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Dijkstra That's because it applied to science-fields, and it applies to software engineering, which is more of a craft than a science. Agile is essentially lean production for software, and I've heard it's not so ridiculous. IANAE.. but how would nationalization be worse? Seize a bank when it's in trouble, "fix" it, and sell it in a public offering. If the income from the sale nets more than the government spend to fix it, that profit is distributed to the original shareholders. This happened i Sweden in the early 90's. Some banks were in trouble, and the government said that they'd help them, but by nationalization. One of the major banks were then suddently conveniently able to get some capital, and survived on it's own. A mortgage is essentially (depending on the rate of amortisation) renting your home form the bank. The free market is modelled around the fact that we are greedy. Communism assumes that we are (or can be made) purely altruistic ("From each according to his ability, to each according to his need" collapses if there is just a single selfish, greedy actor present). That's why free markets work remarkably better than communism. > It's entirely normal that you sign over ownership of the code to the company in exchange for your equity. That's in every form stock agreement. Yeah, but he's being asked to sign over ownership, in order to begin the process of receiving equity. If he signs that, they have every opportunity to screw him, which they do not have now. There is a considerable span between free markets and laissez-faire capitalism. Most modern "left" political movements accept free markets as a good thing, and mainly differ with the right on the level of regulation. I mainly read Ayn Rand as a criticism of the "truths" of the left wing, not as a very useful proponent of a laissez-faire society. Anyway, free markets "punish" greed, by forcing those who want material wealth to work for it, instead of leeching of others. The reason taxation and politicians is a problem in free markets is exactly greed: anybody on the receiving end of public funds have little rational motive to seek to end that stream. Broken thread, see http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=324853 Light and with a DVI port. Why do most laptops (Apple is the only brand with DVI without a docking station, I think) only have VGA ports? DVI->VGA is trivial through a simple adaptor, if the graphics adaptor supports it (and it does), but the other way around is impossible. How about asking here if anyone is a Drupal/apache shark and is willing to help you tune your site and migrate to Slicehost? You could maybe offer to pay for (some of) the help with a sponsored link on your site. That could be reasonably attractive to a Chicago-based contractor with a low pipeline. FastCGI and mod_xcache? Made all the difference on a couple of TYPO3 (PHP CMS) site I've run. Hmm, I see a bit of a chicken-and-egg issue.. How do you configure the IP address if there's no monitor or input devices? Most colocated sites I've worked with requires static IPs. Perhaps it could be burned on the CD - add a tool that takes that info, and makes a ISO specific for that server. CD-Rs are expendible anyway these days. I could have used that last week. I had to drive serveral hours to go onsite to install a Debian server. If I could have mailed a CD-R to the guys, and done the install remotely, I could have saved a bunch of hours. I bike most places. There's good access and good parking at my university, so on bad weather days, or when I'm late, I take the car. My problem is sweat, as much as rain. After biking for 25 minutes I absolutely need to change my shirt. This is fine for everyday use, since a sweater or polo fold nicely in a backpack, but for business meetings (I'm halftime student, halftime PM), I need a suit-coat and a shirt, and they'll wrinkle way too much in a backpack. Suggestions? That's not a defence of piracy, it's a very reasonable argument that a subset of what we today call pirates, aren't. Obsoletion doesn't come from nowhere. What's the problem with current LAN-cabling that warrants the coming of a new network technology? Yeah, wireless, but it's still nice to have some places to easily plug in the access points. Pairs of copper wire is, if anything, a proven technology. And it's not like we're anywhere near pushing the limit of Ethernet technology for domestic purposes. Even if a new technology will come along, the fact that entire cites are wired from top to bottom with cat-5, you're guaranteed that any new technology wil be heavily biased towards backwards compability on the physical layer. Because Java is an incredibly powerful tool that works across a large selection of platforms with minimal effort. And, Hadoop is only the infrastructure, they have APIs for C, C++ and shell for the applications. http://wiki.apache.org/hadoop/FAQ I used the tool to make the name markovable, got the domain and made this: http://www.markovable.net OK, that felt like 1998. I had expected that a full-blown Postfix+Dovecot with IMAP, POP3, with and without SSL and TLS, on Maildirs with virtual users and DSPAM configured would be a single apt-get install. Anyway, what's a guide doing asking users to choose between four flavors of protocols? Just enable them all. Maildirs/mbox? Mbox is ancient, no possible reason to setup new accounts using that. And the biggest WTF has got to be the actual users created. Who wants to run a mailserver without virtual users and virtual domains in 2008 anyway? Why not client certificates? I'm pretty sure that's what my bank uses, they've got a java-applet that talks to a small binary file in my homedrive. The technology is simple (to implement) and well proven, guarantees security end-to-end. What is BoA trying to accomplish? Easierness? +1 for Hetzner. Even though the website is in German, I've always been able to get qualified help in English. I don't know how they'll feel about C&D's, though. I've never been in trouble with my servers. I think the model would have to be to develop an open source kit that allows standardized pluggable distributed hosting in "a box". I wouldn't expect a significant market for simple non-dynamic hosting - the solution would have to accomodate blogs, forums and other dynamic content-apps. Any provider of such hosting would just be provided with a config-file, and then start to pull the content, sync the DB etc. The kit should be designed to expect nodes to drop of randomly, and be self-healing (i.e. "elect" a new master-node, or be purely peer-to-peer). Maybe the kit could be modelled on top of Google App Engine. One single-point-of-failure would be DNS though. If your domain is .com, and Verisign pulls it, you could be hosted on the moon, and still disappear.