Yup, it's pretty bad for you. I try to stand as much as possible, but standing desks aren't exactly cheap, and I don't have a dresser that's the right height. NYTimes ran a few articles a while back about this very subject.. http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/02/23/stand-up-whi... http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/07/14/phys-ed-the-men-who... A key point: "The men worked out, then sat in cars and in front of televisions for hours, and their risk of heart disease soared, despite the exercise. Their workouts did not counteract the ill effects of sitting." Good idea.. I'll have to try that. Lots of Nietzsche, with healthy doses of pragmatism (James & Dewey), some empiricism (Hume), and rationalism (Spinoza). Hacker News. Not political-views-of-some-hackers news. I'm assuming it's just the general term for a 'piece of transmitted information', no matter what the medium. I'm strongly looking into transferring to the Koln International School of Design ( http://kisd.de/home.html?lang=en ) which is in Cologne, Germany. (I'm currently a sophomore at a US non-design school.) It's a unique program that basically covers every field of design; the major is called "Integrated Design." You essentially choose your own curriculum. It really comes down to what sort of design you're interested in. US schools tend to be focused on 2 subjects, with not much else: industrial design and communication/web/graphic design. Different schools are better at different things, but to highlight a couple: Carnegie Mellon: strong in communication design, interaction design, Human-Computer interaction, and generally anything computer science related. Cincinnati: not so great of a school in general, but the design department is top 5 in the country, mostly because the program requires 4+ co ops (internships.) Supposedly they're pretty good at traditional product/industrial stuff. I decided to pass on design school a few years ago, mostly because I didn't want to be pidgeonholed into either of those subjects. I'm pretty familiar with design schools, so I'd be glad to answer any specific questions. Also try http://boards.core77.com Are you looking for an undergraduate program or grad program? I know more about the undergrad program (Integrated Design), but they also offer a Masters in European Design and a Masters in Integrated Design. The following info is for undergrad, Integrated Design. (Just to be clear, I don't actually attend this school (yet) and haven't visited.) 1. To enter: a 6-month internship in a design-related field. I believe that they also consider relevant work experience. 2. The program is a bit different than most schools; instead of classes, you work on projects. Any student can take any project (with some limitations) and students of all years work together. Subjects: essentially, there are around 15 departments: audiovisual media, manufacturing, service design, typography, interface design, etc. To graduate, one must take at least 1 project in 10 of the departments, and fulfill the certain amount of project points. There’s also some other “classes”, like seminars and workshops. Hence the name “integrated design” – you can, for the most part, “design” your study curriculum out of the offered projects. 3. Most classes are taught in English if requested, but I believe you have to still take a basic German test. There’s a ton of information that I am leaving out, so I recommend you just browse the site for a while. Check out these pages, in particular: Studies - http://kisd.de/studies.html?&lang=en Study programs (notice the PDFs for each program) - http://kisd.de/studyprograms.html?&lang=en Departments/Subjects - http://kisd.de/subjects.html?&lang=en Applying - http://kisd.de/application.html?&lang=en Applying FAQ - http://kisd.de/application_faq.html?&lang=en International Students - http://kisd.de/1908.html?&lang=en (all from the nav bar) edit: sorry for the horrible formatting. And feel free to ask any other questions. Sorry, I really don't know much about most European schools, other then the few I'm stumbled upon. I'd imagine that schools in Italy (possibly France) would focus more on art, design, fashion, etc. as opposed to service design, engineering, etc. But I have little to no evidence to back that up. Looks like they're redirecting it to USA.visa.com Maybe "mother" would have been a better term to use? Sure. I couldn't find your email in your profile either! Or in your blog. Tsk tsk, HN. (and I mean the site, not you.) Anyway, feel free to contact me. http://www.google.com/recaptcha/mailhide/d?k=01YWSQ0iQDYIbvG... /avoiding spam It's certainly commendable to give away a vast fortune, and I don't want to take away from this honorable act in any way. But I wonder why more ridiculously wealthy entrepreneurs don't, ya know, preneur? Especially in the nonprofit "make a difference space". A billion dollars to charity is cool. You know what's really cool? A billion dollars towards a celebrity billionaire-spearheaded do-good project. (Or 1 million dollars each towards 1000 projects, etc.) Maybe I'm missing something, and I'm certainly no billionaire, so I probably am. But if I were a billionaire, I'd be more interested in angel investing (in promising, impactful projects) and my bringing my own ideas to life. But I digress. Bravo to the billionaires. Really, this is awesome. I always thought engineering was the application of science. A scientist observes, experiments, and records his findings. An engineer uses these findings to build stuff. I wonder if this has anything to do with server resources; IE is 1 30-minute video less intensive and take up less space than 3 10-minute videos? (Considering that most long videos are just cut into parts.) If so, I'd imagine it would have an impact, considering the sheer size of YouTube's userbase. Gotcha. But wouldn't longer movies being in multiple pages/clips serve more advertising? I realize that the clips may not even be uploaded if a time limit is imposed, but I would assume that more clips = more potential ad clicks. I suppose also that the advances in Content ID (the copyright checking system) may only be effective on longer clips. All in all, there are advantages and disadvantages to both approaches, and maybe YouTube is just taking the least complicated route. I see. I should probably watch more Youtube before I start asking obvious questions about it. Thanks! Not quite sure I agree. Anonymous has zero financial incentive to do any of this, which may or may not be a requisite to gang-status. Either way, it's still a point worth considering. Good point, but I think that some, if not the majority of gangs only exist to make money. No money = no power = no gang. Anonymous has no comparable feature. I see anon more as a sort of underground ideological group than anything else. The first comparable movement that comes to mind is Project Mayhem (with less physical destruction of property and more identity ambiguity.) Still waiting for my flying car... Actually, it's been even longer than 25 years. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2550902895914120566# But I'll be patient. Very impressive. I'm curious to see how it performs in the wild though -- can it translate signs outdoors just as well as in a studio? I really hope so. Make a simple web app that sells for $15 a month. You'll only need to get roughly 150 customers to make $2000. Or change the price and recalculate. I will be learning how to hack! Planning on going HTML > CSS > Javascript > Ruby. Not all over the holidays, of course. Yup. It just comes down to value, and it depends on the app. Underpricing something that has a lot of value is generally not a great business move. Especially when you intend on adding features later. But if it's just a simple web app, presumably one that has some similar competition, then $5 may be a better idea. I have no experience selling a startup, so my opinion is probably not worth much... 1. Running a company isn't the same as building a startup. Two different skill sets, for the most part. 2. On to the next thing. Unless my startup is fighting some huge, globally important problem, I'd rather take the money and put it towards something that is more relevant. Just think what Zuckerberg could do with billions of dollars towards a serious issue. Staying at Facebook isn't a bad thing, per se, but with that sort of financial power one could really make a bigger difference than connecting people online. Festivus. That's pretty much why I'm hesitant to do "cant.com". The only issue is that 'cannot' adds another syllable and doesn't sound as...casual; JoeCantDance.com JoeCannotDance.com I get your point about the logo though. That's definitely something worth considering, especially as some (a minor fraction, likely) of my target audience might not realize that typing "can't" into the url bar won't work. Yup, I'm a native English speaker. And thanks for the thoughts. Seeing as it's just a blog, and not a real "business," going with the more comfortable contraction may be the better move. It's a relatively old term actually. I believe the guys from IDEO first introduced it. Very valid concept though. Tim Brown from IDEO: http://www.chiefexecutive.net/ME2/dirmod.asp?sid=&nm=... (sorry for the long link.) Brevity. None, because I don't have an android app. Sorry. But have you considered selling the app, rather than giving it away for free/with ads? It seems that most apps aren't used after 30 days, so you may make more total profit by charging a small fee: http://techcrunch.com/2009/02/19/pinch-media-data-shows-the-... (Feb 2009) He's confusing "physical" minimalism (having less physical stuff) with asceticism (getting by with less/being exposed to less). He starts to draw this distinction, but for some reason he doesn't quite understand it. His entire argument falls apart as a result. The cool thing about "physical minimalism" in the digital age is that my stuff is digital -- I can have access to a huge variety of things, only when I need them. I can have innumerable movies, on demand, whenever I want them. Compare to 20 years ago, when I would have to actually own these physical VHS tapes (and they would presumably be more difficult to navigate/organize). This is important for his notion of creativity, too. Digitizing things lets you more easily access a larger body of objects. If da Vinci had a computer, he'd probably digitize a lot of his stuff too -- it would allow him to be exposed to more things, more easily. Plus, he'd be able to travel more easily, and new experiences are a HUGE part of creative thinking. Gonna throw this one out there: Pittsburgh. It's cheap (REALLY cheap) compared to most cities and has a large talent pool of college kids (Carnegie Mellon and Pitt). Not the most exciting place to live, but for starting a company, it's probably one of the better choices. Less distractions + bad weather = lots of work gets done. On experiences and creativity: http://www.businessweek.com/smallbiz/content/oct2010/sb20101... >>>>>>> Psychologists have spent years trying to discover the answer to the question: "What makes innovators different?" In one of the most thorough examinations of the subject, Harvard researchers spent six years and interviewed 3,000 executives to find out. According to the Harvard research, the No.1 skill that separates innovators from noncreative professionals is "associating"—the ability to successfully connect seemingly unrelated questions, problems, or ideas from different fields. The three-year Harvard research project confirms what Jobs told a reporter 15 years earlier: "Creativity is just connecting things." This notion of making creative associations through seeking out new experiences is worth exploring more closely, as it plays a significant role in the way Steve Jobs has generated one innovative product after another, and another, and another. Jobs is a classic iconoclast, one who aggressively seeks out, attacks, and overthrows conventional ideas. And iconoclasts, especially the successful ones, have an "affinity for new experiences," according to esteemed Emory University neuroscientist Gregory Berns. >>>>>> http://www.hnofficehours.com/ Is somewhat of a directory of hackers and their chat handles/contact info, if that's what you're looking for. Step 1: Don't give up a significant portion of your company. Admission fees? Retail stores are increasingly losing to online services, so the brick-and-mortars might have to focus on the experience of being in a bookstore. For more on this idea, The Experience Economy is a good read. (Skip everything but the first 2-3 chapters. After that, it gets redundant and a little weird at the end.) http://www.amazon.com/Experience-Economy-Theater-Every-Busin... But cafes aren't really selling books -- they're selling coffee and cookies. A lot of people seem to just hang out in book stores, without buying anything, so I really wonder if the cafe business model will work out long-term. Is testing his/her IQ+EQ a reliable measure? No. 1) I made Pokemon cards out of cardboard in 2nd grade, selling them in conjunction with a Lunchables promotion (cards on the back of food boxes). My biggest sale was a 5ft tall Charmander. ;) Unfortunately, the teacher got wind of my business and made me give all the money back. I'm still a little bitter about that one. 2) Selling PSP game ISOS to friends in high school, and repairing/jailbreaking PSPs to resell. 3) I waited in line 3 days for the PS3 launch -- went home and sold it on eBay the next day for a $500 profit. So they created fake accounts and pretended to be attractive women, just to get with a random girl? If that's not the definition of creepy, I don't know what is. The fact that he doesn't want the girl to find out should make this obvious -- any woman who found out you were doing this would be put off immediately, as they should be. Instead of spending so much time with some weird scheme in an attempt to put down the "hunks," how about just becoming a more attractive and more interesting person on your own? Newsflash, guys: women are attracted to confidence and a sense of self-worth, among other things, not complex mechanisms to distract the other guys. There are two ways to be the biggest building. One is to tear down the other buildings. Or two, just build the biggest building. - Gary V Sorry, but this is just really strange, and the lack of ANY negative feedback on here or Reddit is even more disconcerting. An excellent point that seems to be under-emphasized. Instead of swinging for the fences on the first at-bat, focus on getting a man on base first. /cheesy metaphor Gary Vaynerchuk? Not exactly "internet startup" in the YC sense, but Wine Library is definitely an online business. http://winelibrary.com/ Yup. Ebook editions typically include all future updates. With paperbacks, you're stuck with whatever is current at the time of printing. Is it possible to show the landing page on a user's first visit, then have a minor popup for returning users? That would make the most sense to me. Here's the story about AirBnb: http://money.cnn.com/galleries/2010/smallbusiness/1003/galle... I don't know much about Quora, and have never used it, so I can't comment on its chances of success. But I really don't like the name, and I think it may hold them back, as far as mainstream adoption goes. It's not an attractive name to begin with, and I don't quite know how to pronounce it: koo aura or kwaura (rhymes with Laura)? If we're comparing Quora to Facebook and Twitter, it loses the name game by a mile. Facebook and Twitter are both easy to say and there's no confusion on spelling or pronunciation. Also, Quora can't be easily or obviously verb-ized; "Facebook me" or "Tweet it". I don't see "Quoraize it" or "Quoing" becoming a commonly used phrase. All of this may be irrelevant if Quora is just that good , but it's certainly something to think about. Meaning =/= easy to say and pronounce. Apple Dell Yahoo Microsoft Google Facebook Myspace None of these really mean anything, but they're all easy to say and spell. Quora, not so much. Considering that word of mouth is the single most important "marketing method", I think it's relevant at some level. Cleveland is included, but not Pittsburgh? Someone's a Jets fan... On a technical note, the information in the hover bubble is mis-aligned; the right side is a space below the left side, at least on this older version of Firefox.