I don't think anyone has trademarked the name. I don't have it registered and it doesn't show up if I search for it either. I can't say I implemented much but I did design out what I'd like to build (in a dated notebook) and pitched the idea a bit to get feedback. I didn't acquire anything (domain, handles, etc) with the intent of a shakedown (nor is it on my mind at all). I can tell from the domain registration dates that they registered their alternative name after me. My immediate reaction to seeing the competitor was validation, "whoa somebody else had the same idea as me... I guess it's not terrible!" I do really like the name (it's fairly catchy). I think a part of my attachment to the idea comes from that. At the very least it the catchiness keeps it in my mind. Greece has a massive annual deficit before counting interest on existing debt. Beyond defaulting on their existing debt they need to make large structural changes to their fiscal policy for recovery to be sustainable. Otherwise their borrowing costs would be beyond junk. Put it this way, if you make $100k per year and spend $160k, and you have no assets, what bank is going to give you a loan? What's the point of promises being part of ES6? I understand them and use them quite a bit. I just don't understand why they're in the language spec. They don't add anything new to the language ( vs say generators or symbols ). Is it purely for performance? > A modern "new deal" for elder care would also do the trick.. Oh please no! Boomers have already pillaged and mortgaged the futures of the youth enough already. The last thing we need is for them to stick it one more time with a new set of unpaid indefinite obligations. For a simpler approach, just give everybody $X (00 or 000?) either one off or repeatedly. It's as progressive as it gets and at least some youth will benefit. I don't think you have access to the actual private key file so this would be restricted to AWS services like an ELB. With letsencrypt you have the key file as well so you can use it for securing any type of connection (not just a load balancer front end). Is there a way to track uptime across kexec[1] restarts? That way you could differentiate between a hard reboot and "soft" one (ex: automated kernel upgrade). Having a system like that working for a 18 years would be insane! [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kexec That's still broken. They've just pushed the problem deeper. Now instead of having a timing attack on the number of operations in the compare, the timing attack is pushed to the number of bytes that is hashed by sha256. Also, this opens up a new avenue in that now hash collisions (as unlikely as they may be) would be considered equal. > OpenSSL provides the option SSL_OP_SINGLE_DH_USE for ephemeral DH (DHE) in TLS. It is not on by default. If the option is not set then the server reuses the same private DH exponent for the life of the server process and would be vulnerable to this attack. It is believed that many popular applications do set this option and would therefore not be at risk. Shouldn't that be "... do NOT ..."? Edit: Nevermind the double negative got me. Setting the option (which is not on by default) mitigates the issue and they're saying many apps do set it. > Could you imagine if oil prices went up and suddenly that $0.50/gal tax disappeared overnight? Great point. This is the same thing that's happening now with tobacco taxes and lottery revenue. Tax money is fungible so the repercussions will cascade beyond the original programs the money would be allocated to. > So labor should just take whatever management and politicians feel like giving them like obedient little servants? They can choose to work in the private sector. Nobody is forcing them to work for the public sector. > How has that worked out in the past? Do we feel that the civil service is sufficiently isolated from rapidly changing political pressures to ensure the rights of workers and to avoid the inherent issues involved in political control of a large group of government workers? The alternative is that public sector unions funnel money to career politicians. The latter are signing checks using other people's money (i.e. the tax payers) and it's in their (the politicans') interest to give in to union demands as they get a voting block come election season. It's interesting that this time around the bids didn't bottom out at the min. All but one are in the $300-$500 range. The first time they tried this the winning bid was one (1) dollar[1]. [1]: https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/11/06/micro-purchase-lessons/ Is there any more info or examples (demo, video, etc) of Magic Leap available anywhere? Every article has the same "mini elephant in hands" picture. I've never seen anything else. echo "deb http://repo.logdna.com stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/logdna.list sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install -y --force-yes logdna-agent sudo logdna-agent -k 6a7b7c622290d1a49bbe5a94dc6828d Haven't tried this yet but the install instructions don't include adding a GPG key. Instead it has the option "--force-yes" which I believe skips that check. That would work for the initial install but wouldn't it complain down the road when you try to update the package? > Being bilingual is just another proxy for a middle class or higher upbringing. ... or you could be raised by immigrants who continue to speak their mother tongue at home while the children learn English (or whatever else is the primary language) via TV/School/Public. There's nothing higher upbringing about retaining your parents' culture. If anything, it's more associated with lower class families. I don't see homemaker (i.e. housewife, stay at home dad, etc) on there. I wonder if it's because it doesn't rank high enough or just wasn't included in the data set. I'd imagine that the higher paying jobs would lean more towards a single income household. > Probably because that's not tracked as a profession beacuse it's not really one. Anyone who thinks being a homemaker is not a profession has no clue what it entails. If you consider a couple as a single unit, it's simply optimizing by specialization. When you look at the cost of baby-sitting/nannies it makes a lot of sense too. Why make $40K extra if I'm going to spend $35K on a nanny? > You are tracked by what you actually learned. No you're tracked by what your current position is. I'm pretty sure that office assistants who studied literature are still tracked as office assistants. > People become stay at home mums/dad in the relationship, not before. Exactly and this data represents a set of married people, not a set of jobs. If it doesn't include homemaker as an option then you've excluded all married single income households. > The official policy from schools lately has been "zero tolerance" for violence, meaning if someone hits you and you defend yourself, you get suspended for just as long as they do. While I think most would agree that endorsing violence is generally bad, I'd advocate children defending themselves in that type of situation. It's not the only thing to do (someone needs to call an adult/teacher/etc) but if kids are penalized for coming to the aid of a fellow in need, what less are we teaching them? [1] > It's set up to let the school wash their hands of any responsibility, but without having to have an uncomfortable "Your kid is an asshole who keeps starting fights" / "My kid is a perfect angel and I'm suing you for suspending him" conversation. > It's not designed to solve the victim's problem, it's designed to make it not the school's problem. Bingo. That's the issue with a lot of these so called solutions to social problems. They only solve the legal problems of the org where they're taking place. [1]: Spoiler: The lesson is don't get involved in other people's problems. You missed this equally sparkling gem (emphasis mine): "The most obvious revenue stream could come from ‘ad words’, where a Giphy search could turn up sponsored content based on what the user was looking for. If it worked for Google, there’s no reason why it wouldn’t work for Giphy , and founder and CEO Alex Chung hinted on the phone that this would likely be the main source of revenue for Giphy when it decides to flip the switch." I don't want to see homeless people, drug deals, vomiting drunks, or pantless vagrants on my commute to work either. Does that make me heartless? I would hope not because otherwise these problems are not going to be solved. You need people who do NOT want to see that kind of crap on a daily basis to do something about it. How much does it cost? (I don't see any pricing information on your website) Is the business model taking over the management of on site SaaS applications? If so, what's the difference between this and outsourcing maintenance (i.e devops) of your application to a third party? var array = []; client.addListener('message', function (from, to, text) { var time = Math.floor(new Date() / 1000); var obj = { nick: from, message: text }; var item = '\"' + time + '\"\:' + JSON.stringify(obj); array.push(item); fs.writeFile(file, '{' + array + '}\n', function() { // console.log("updated"); }); }); This will buffer all the messages in memory (in the variable "array") and rewrite the file on every message. Besides the lack of atomicity mentioned in another comment, that's also really inefficient and will eventually run out of memory. Plus 1000 incoming messages will lead to 1000 sequential rewrites of the same file! > I like how the articles specifies men's sperm as opposed to women's sperm. Although that does bring up a point about whether someone should research the effect on corresponding female parts. Where did you go to school and what exactly do you think is "woman's sperm"? Do you mean her cache of eggs? > Certificate Transparency-style public ledger for all firmwares that Apple has signed. Refuse an update if the firmware version has not been published to the ledger. This would make these backdooring attempts public, since we can assume people would watch the ledger and ask questions in case of an unknown version being published. That's seems like a fantastic idea but without open source firmware I don't see how it could be enforced. Maybe a stupid question but is there a publicly hosted GitLab that provides free repo space (and the usual pay for private repos) or is it only self hosted? Ok I didn't see that. The rest of the copy on the (particularly the pricing page) seems to indicate it's only local. If I'm reading the pricing copy correctly, the contracts themselves are free and invoicing service charges $1 per invoice. Is it possible to be profitable (in a successful startup sense, not casual/bootstrapped/side project sense) at that low level? Maybe I'm missing something but I don't see a lot of room for revenue growth here. I'd figure that the average freelancer as a handful of contracts a year so you're looking at $10-20/year per customer. I'm not saying the idea itself isn't good. Anybody that's freelanced or done corporate invoicing knows the annoyingness of " We'll pay you within 30 days of deciding to pay you "[1]. Solving that problem would benefit a lot of freelancers. I just don't see this being a sustainable solution in the form that's being presented. [1]: Quote is shamelessly stolen from a patio11 comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9076590 Edited to add link to quoted comment Interesting angle. For a while I've wondered why nobody does a tech/startup version of "Company in a box". This looks like it's exactly that. Incorporation, payment processing, the works. Is Stripe getting a cut of the eventual revenue from the service providers that are providing the offerings? What's the incentive on their side? Or are they just hoping to scrape by on the transaction fee revenue (which are way less than people think they are because they pay out most of it upstream[1]). Also, what's the expiration on the $15K of AWS credits? The usual one year or longer? [1]: If you're wondering why just think about how you get " 1% cash back on all purchases! ". From my experience the difficult part of a FAQ isn't converting the questions and answers to rendered HTML, it's writing the content itself. > Why shouldn't all service providers benefit from the tax break? Is it ethical to give a tax break that unfairly gives one corporation a competitive advantage against another? They should. As the law is written there's nothing wrong with what Comcast is doing. There's no shame in taking advantage of tax breaks, whether by a large heartless corporation, a different large heartless corporation, or a small time individual. The answer to this isn't to rail on Comcast for taking advantage of tax breaks. It's to get lawmakers to fix the law by adding a price cap or equivalent on it so it has its intended purpose. > Crypto is math. Nobody can monopolize math. This is pretty damn close though: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Illegal_prime Or in modern idiomatically insecure install scripts: curl http://bogus.example.com/install | sudo bash > Also interesting to note is that a lot of negative children statistics do not apply to single mother widows. Selection bias? The only way something like Gravatar works is by having something that's directly computable from the source email address (or whatever the identifying field is). Whether it's a MD5, SHA256, or whatever is irrelevant. Similarly having it be a salted (instead of the currently unsalted) hash wouldn't help anything. The salt would need to be public for separate web sites to reference the same avatar for the same email address. Short of authenticated requests to Gravatar (which again kills the point of how it all works), one alternative would be to make the computation function more expensive, either by performing multiple rounds of the hash function or switching to a "slow" hash function (ex: bcrypt or scrypt). The latter would require a fixed salt and wouldn't really work for the use case as it'd slow down any webpage that links to multiple gravatars to a crawl. The real issue here is that the email address space is fairly predictable. If you want HASH($EMAIL) to be unpredictable then instead of first.last@example.com switch to ~ [a-z0-9]{16}\@example\.com. While we're at it let's get rid of leap seconds. ... and switch the entire planet to a single timezone (UTC). ... and require everyone use the same text encoding (UTF-8). ... and pick a single format for separating fields in numeric fields (commas for 000s and dots for decimal points). Why bother supporting both MySQL and Postgres for the backend? Wouldn't picking one ( ~cough~ Postgres ) simplify things? From my experience, attempting to support multiple backend stores leads to either crippled functionality, i.e. lowest common denominator CRUD usage, or lots of messy if/then logic to use DB specific features. In the Wiener case he was sending the pictures of his crotch via SMS. There's no expectation of privacy from content that you've shared willingly, no matter how perverted the content. He didn't send it to his spouse, he sent it to non-spouse woman he was flirting with. It's not the channel of SMS that makes it fair game, it's that he explicitly shared it with a third person. It could have been a telegraph message, a voicemail, or a hand drawn picture. The point is that he publicly shared it. > Do you have an account recovery flow? Delete it immediately. Lol. Have fun doing this at scale for any consumer site. Like everything else in security, having a password reset/account recovery flow is a trade-off between security and convenience. For the vast majority of websites, convenience wins. I'm curious who the target market for this is. Any tech worth his salt wouldn't go near GoDaddy for even a domain registration. Who the heck would trust them to run cloud servers? I'm not saying they don't have customers. The advertise to non-techies and tons of non-techies use them as a registrar and mail host. I just don't see that same set of people running cloud servers. It's too low level. > Anyway, they can't do that, since the ACA has mandated that insurers spend at least 80 or 85% of premiums on health care costs since 2012. That part of the law is particularly terrible. It directly incentivizes keeping costs high as the profit of the insurer is a fixed (says max but that means exactly 15%) percentage of the gross. It's in their interests to have the price of everything go up! In the "office" pic of you two those monitors look low relative to your head/eyes though the posture is eerily familiar. Doesn't that hurt your back? > Increased property taxes for those who already own can force even long-time residents to move, regardless of whether they actually want to, simply because their home has suddenly and unexpectedly increased in value. That's not really an issue in California as property tax growth is fixed: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Proposition_13_(1... Cash poor home owners get "stuck" in their homes because if they sold and bought a new house, they'd have significantly greater property taxes. Theyre better off keeping the home and either living there or renting it out. > I wonder if it is because USPS Weekend delivery isn't the normal "route" person, and they just don't try to get into multi-unit mailrooms? I'm pretty sure they don't try to deliver anything at all. Every time I've had a Sunday order and everyone else that I know, it gets marked as either "Delivery Attempted" or sometimes "Delivered" without the package arriving. I've NEVER heard of anyone actually receiving a Sunday USPS delivery for an Amazon order on Sunday. Literally never! I think the Amazon/USPS deal has the latter paying a penalty for late/undelivered packages. It's possible that they don't have the resources to actually deliver the packages and lying (either from corporate or from the actual mail carriers) is the only way to cover their asses. > Like you said, we are willing to pay, but for about $7 per user we aren't getting much more than the free plan... In comparison to a free plan sure but in what real business is $7/user/mo too expensive for anything? That's less than an hour's minimum wage[1]. [1]: Technically it's quite a bit less as min wage in the U.S. is $7.25 and that doesn't include corporate payroll tax or medicare/social-security matching I'm no JS expert[1] but this doesn't look correct: # https://github.com/marlabrizel/genius-blocker/blob/master/lib/genius/blocker.rb#L11 var annotated = window.location.href.indexOf("genius.it/") != -1; if (annotated) { window.location.href = window.location.href.replace("genius.it/", "") } Wouldn't this match any instance of "genius.it" throughout the URL, not just at the beginning? For example it'd match " https://example.com/blog/how-to-block-genius.it" and redirect the user to a (probably) non-existent link with that string removed. [1]: I just play one on HN. > The whole Open Source community? Volunteer driven, donation funded projects? Non-Profit charities, mostly composed out of volunteers? None of those are businesses. Maybe I should have clarified but I meant a business as one where employees work for an organization that derives value from their work (say $A), the organization pays the employees some form of compensation ($B), and the expectation is that the value derived by each employee is more than the compensation (i.e $A > $B). In that model I don't see many places where ($A - $B) Bart: [through a bullhorn] Hey, Coast Guard! Try to stop us now, you lousy Americans. Coast Guard: [through a loudspeaker] We can't hear you! Come three hundred feet closer! Bart: Nice try. You're not going to nail us. Coast Guard: But we just want to party. Bart: Oh, really? Then play some rock music. [Man on cutter mimics the guitar riff from "China Grove"] Homer: [joins in] Come on, Bart! The Coast Guard's covering the Doobs! > Because if you're really running a business then any decision other than just paying the $200 to not have to think about certs more than one day every three years is probably not justifiable. From the same data I came to the reverse conclusion, having auto-renewing certs from LetsEncrypt is awesome. Combined with bog standard cron jobs you now don't have to worry about any manual intervention down the road. Compare that with creating a new key, creating a CSR, comparing SSL cert prices, getting aggravated at paying $10/year for 1ms of compute time (to sign the cert), grumbling to yourself, buying the cert, waiting for email confirmation, confirming domain ownership via insecure SMTP email, waiting for the cert to be issued, downloading a zip of the cert that somehow isn't the same name/format as your notes from last time, unzipping the zip file, figuring out the order for the cert chain, uploading it via SCP to your server, copying it over the old cert yet also accidentally keeping a copy of the cert/key in the default ubuntu@myhost home directory with 644 permissions, and finally testing it from your browser (only to find that you didn't send a SIGHUP to nginx so it's still providing the old cert). So yes, having to think about certs more than one day (the day I set it up) is not justifiable. PS: Why the hell are you paying $200 anyway? At most it should be $30, i.e. $10/year x 3 years. That looks more in line with wildcard SSL prices. Note: I wrote this up as a reply but the parent was deleted in the interim so posting at the top level instead. > Which server is this? A Whois lookup returned nothing. The whois command works on domain names, not IP addresses. To get the DNS name associated with an IP address you can try a reverse lookup: $ dig -x 185.100.87.84 Unfortunately that only works if the the reverse record has been set up and it hasn't in this case. You can still see where the server is located via tracepath: $ tracepath 185.100.87.84 [truncated] 12: lon-tel-01c.voxility.net 86.537ms asymm 16 13: buc-ird-01c.voxility.net 147.516ms asymm 17 14: buc-ird-27sw.voxility.net 136.914ms asymm 18 15: buc-ird-46sw.voxility.com 149.699ms asymm 18 16: 185.100.87.84 143.626ms reached So most likely the server is hosted on voxility.com which looks like an IaaS provider.