Current job: front end developer for a well-known mapping product (no, not that one), although my contract ends in a month. Side projects: http://markdownnotes.com , and many, many others. I also write picture-rich articles about history: http://en.nicolasbouliane.com/blog/the-berlin-airlift You hit the nail on the head with LinkedIn. Those who actively browse it are not your target demographic. Some of them may care about the finished product, but you'd better save it all for the technically-inclined people. My biggest gripe with them is that lots of people can write code that gets the job done, but people who write maintainable code are much rarer. That sounds a lot like it. It seems impossible to get filthy rich in Canada and even less in Germany where I currently live. As a Canadian in Germany, you seen nuthin' The German tax ROI seems much better to me, but I miss my $575 Montreal rent. That's correct. You need the Meldebescheinigung (given during the Anmeldung) to open a bank account, and you need a bank account to find an apartment, and you need an apartment to do the Anmeldung (it requires a fixed address). It's pure madness. I actually run a blog documenting the (sometimes insane) German bureaucracy. It's not nearly as bad as people think, but things like getting an Ausländerbehörde (immigration office) appointment can be a real pain. Fortunately, it has improved a lot in the last 3 years. The Settle in Berlin article is completely outdated. http://allaboutberlin.com/guides/berlin-auslanderbehorde-sam... There's already such a thing. Local subreddits, Facebook groups, GitHub issues etc. They all have their regulars. I'm fairly involved in my community with http://allaboutberlin.com/ , and I've made a few IRL friends just writing for that website. It's still possible: http://motherfuckingwebsite.com/ When I made All About Berlin, it was just HTML and CSS. Nothing complex there. I eventually added Disqus and Google Analytics, but it's still possible to build simple websites. > The set of all sets in a space, X, is called the power set, P(X). The power set is massive and, even if the space X is well-behaved, the corresponding power set can often contain some less mathematically savory elements. Consequently when dealing with sets we often want to consider a restriction of the power set that removes unwanted sets. I wish people could teach math in plain English. I don't know why the math and physics world refuses to write for the reader. I took this class before, and I still don't know what the author means by "less mathematically savory elements". Here's you explain things to humans: > There is a set called the power set that contains all the sets in a space. This set is huge, and it contains [less mathematically savory elements]. This is why we usually use a restricted version that removes the unwanted sets. Seriously, there's no point to this sort of fancy language. Math is already hard. No need to make it harder. It's based on my comprehension of his paragraph There is a set. It's called the power set. It contains all the sets in a space. The Fragebogen zur steuerlichen Erfassung. Every freelancer and small business owner in Germany has to fill it. It's long, it's complicated, and it's full of things that are hard to understand. I wrote a guide on how to fill it ( http://allaboutberlin.com/guides/fragebogen-zur-steuerlichen... ), but I wish there was an easier way to fill it. I live in Berlin too, and I do that a lot. I put my phone in my pocket, take random directions until I get loss, then slowly find my way back. I discovered a lot of things that way, and learned to orient myself in the city. I also saw lots of nice little gems that go unnoticed if you are not paying attention. A useful one for Berlin: trains usually drive on the right, so you know which way a station is by looking at the train signs. I can't speak for you, but I only heard about GDPR 6 months or so ago, like most people outside of Hacker News. Most small businesses only heard about it in the last 6 weeks. Sure, the regulation was there, but nobody talked about it, and it's unreasonable to expect people to magically learn about EU regulations, especially if they don't live in the EU. > I've done full compliance for six companies and it cost less than £250 each What about your salary? There are legitimate reasons to need to know how your website is being used. Submission statement: I compiled this guide over the last two months, covering all the little laws I needed to follow to make my website compliant. Since the GDPR regulation is full of little holes, I tried to refer as much as possible to other sources. I am aware that some things are missing. Online merchants have to follow quite a few more rules, but I'm not qualified to explain these. That's what Toyota did for a while. They recycled existing technology to make their little engines better and faster, instead of developing new engines at a much higher cost. On the other hand, there is little incentive to spend a billion dollars developing a one dollar product if it gets copied by everyone else. It can incentivize stagnation. What if the discovery process is risky and expensive? Protecting the idea is what pays the investors back. This also reads like opinion dressed as fact This is good, because that process now becomes the API's problem and not yours. Their tests cover it, not yours, and it makes your work simpler. I've always made my own themes, and even those can be fairly slow without the standard caching plugins. Optimizing Craft CMS sites was a breeze by comparison. Nobody pays for content. Let's stop pretending it's a usable business model. Even paywalls are hated by most, and banned by some communities. If you block ads, they'll simply make the content an ad. If restaurants offered meals for free, people wouldn't complain about the ads on the menu. No restaurant offers free meals though. Should we start charging for everything we see online? Isn't this premise flawed though? I'd assume that even low-calorie plants are still way ahead of your average cow in terms of environmental impact. You have omitted methane emissions from that calculation, even though their impact is significant. You also ignored that plants produce oxygen instead of consuming it. I recently started reducing my meat consumption, and I was surprised by how many people are doing the same without making a big deal out of it. That is the sort of change that sticks. While I think millennials (that's like 30 years worth of people) do this, I don't think that's the only reason they travel, just an added perk. It reminds me of "reduce, reuse, recycle, in that order". It's better to reduce resource consumption than to reduce its impact. Truth be told, I love big hero images amd especially videos. However, they're the largest performance problem on my otherwise text-based website, and they're purely aesthetic. This becomes especially apparent when you're in a country with a different language and alphabet (Greek, Cyrillic, Chinese, etc). Even if the device successfully pronounces it, you can't look for it on street signs. This is fine for turn by turn navigation though. All that text would just be a distraction when you're driving or riding. Right? Pure content. I'm saving it as inspiration. Yes! I performed a major refactor that lasted about 6 months. With the commit history (that linked to tickets with discussions and even mockups), I could understand the process of people who had left the company two or three years ago. It allowed me to tell obscure business logic from leftover code and bugs. I could trace each line of code to its requirement. I also used it to pinpoint the cause of a bug after updating a docker image, knowing that the bug was introduced in a certain file between certain dates. Now I try to strictly enforce detailed tickets and ticket numbers in commit messages. I write guides for people who do not speak English fluently. I keep my sentences short, I use simple words, and I use the Oxford comma. It helps a lot. I moved to Germany when I didn't speak German. The government uses complex language to talk to people who don't speak German. It made me angry, and I wanted to do better. In my opinion, sentences that start with the condition are easier to read. You already know if they are relevant to you. For example, "If you meet condition A, you must do B" is easier to parde than "You must do B if you meet condition A". I also avoid idioms. They are fun, but they are hard to understand. I have many other tricks, but your two tricks are the most important. It helps. There is a place and a time for clever language. You don't have to make complex topics more complicated with language. If you are a government service, you will serve people who are not native speakers. I help. I run a website that helps people figure out life in Berlin in Germany. It covers important topics in plain language. These days I maintain an overview of the Coronavirus situation in Berlin, and spread correct information in various communities. The government is doing a poor job at propagating information, and most sources are only in German. Save a few surprisingly hostile people, the response has been very positive. It feels good to be helpful, even if it's only for a few hundred people. Now (or in the next few months) might be a good moment to enter the stock market, while all stocks are down. I don't think it's easy (nor ethical) to monetise the crisis directly, but some forms of income are resilient to it. Some products and services are needed at all times, and you can earn a commission for promoting those. For instance, people still go through my website to understand various aspects of German bureaucracy. They open bank accounts, get health insurance, get liability insurance and so on. They get help free help, and I get paid to provide it. It's a nice business model. Many freelancers have lost their income because of the pandemic. I plan to write a comprehensive overview of their options. It might lead some of them to get things they genuinely need: disability insurance, private pensions and so on. This benefits both my readers and me. Software development is also largely unaffected by this crisis (although the companies that employ them are). I wanted to finish this contract in May and ride into the sunset on my motorcycle, but with Europe shutting down, I'll keep working for as long as I'm needed. I also use the shutdown to save money. I have nowhere to spend it anyway. I don't commute anymore, so I always eat at home. I use the 2 hours a day I just saved to work on my motorcycle. It's much cheaper than paying someone else to do it. I don't spend much time covering the virus itself. My main concern is to keep people updated about closures, financial support and other things that directly affect them. It occasionally freezes. I occasionally touch the buttons by accident. Mine is missing the physical escape key. The problem as I understand it is that those large companies hire thousands of skilled workers, and are often the only source of employment in some regions. If they go under, they bring a significant segment of the population with them. I maintain a clear overview of the Coronavirus situation in Berlin ( https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/coronavirus ). Right now, I'm a bit overwhelmed and I could really use some help. - I need help with collecting and summarising the daily updates - I would like to add more information about backup plans for employees and freelancers (this will become its own guide) - I would like to compile a list of ways people like you can help. Feel free to get in touch (see the Impressum page). I'll take as much help as I can get, but I have zero demands. RTFM is necessary because asking a question is cheaper than answering it. People ask a lot of questions they could trivially answer themselves, at the detriment of the community. I moderate a community for a European capital. Without an RTFM policy, we'd spend our days retyping the same answers you could find with a Google search: what to do on a trip there, where to print documents, how to pay a public transit fine etc. That's a point that keeps coming back in minimalist and travel communities. People brag about how little they own, and it looks perfect until you ask about the logistics of it. You quickly find out that their minimalist existence is often propped by cheap third-world labour, or by a complete lack of financial planning. They don't own any of the tooks they need to fend for themselves. In a sense, their lifestyle is only possible as other people are there to support it. Someone else has to provide the tools, and usually the expertise. Any labour you pay is paid with your post-tax income, with sales tax on top. You'd need to work two hours to buy an hour of your own labour. You usually get paid for a fixed number of hours, so the time you save by hiring an expert can't be spent at work paying for it. There's usually some overhead involved too: finding labour, scheduling appointments, bringing your car to the dealership etc. Doing your own oil change takes less time than driving to the garage. You don't have to do everything on your own, but I'd save the experts for the important challenges. You're right. In the end, it comes down to picking your battles. There's no hard rule for which battles are worth it. I do my own motorcycle repairs, because I sometimes stray far from the nearest mechanic, and field repairs can be necessary. I also cook a lot, because I have to eat every day and restaurants are expensive. However, I paid someone to rebuild my forks, and I buy pre-made pie shells. Those things are not worth doing myself. My father rebuilds engines in his garage, but won't change the oil on a slush-covered car. He'll pay someone else to do it. I guess it depends on how pleasant the job is to you, how often you need it done, and how much it costs to get it done relative to your own salary. It's a contentious debate. Minimalism is a large umbrella. Some people are aiming to fit everything in a backpack, and others are just trying to watch their consumption. Currently, I use Microsoft ToDo for lists, Google Keep for text notes, and occasionally [Markdown Notes]( http://markdownnotes.com/ ). I've been toying with the idea of rolling my own option for years now. These apps are fairly simple, and being able to manipulate and combine the data as I see fit would be really useful. However, I also need to access my todo list and notes from anywhere, on or offline, across multiple platforms. Dict.cc is excellent for that, if you're translating between German and English. Linguee can also be really good. Many problems lack a Designated Person Who Cares. Everyone has something to do, a task to accomplish. There's never someone whose job is to improve the codebase and the tooling, even when it can benefit the team.