the best way to do it would be to change you sudoers config so your task can do that without a password run visudo and add the following line: [user] ALL=(root) NOPASSWD:/bin/chown /path/to/apache /path/to/apache should be the directory above your latest_release dir so you can avoid a wildcard I use newegg.com, mostly because I'm really, really picky about ECC- I use unbuffered ECC in everything. Only a little more expensive than non-ecc- the biggest problem is that most places don't stock it. newegg does. If I was using non-ecc, I'd wait for a sale at Fry's (though I'd still make sure to buy corsair or crucial or some other reputable brand) - I get most of my hard drives at Fry's- I tried ordering 'em from newegg, and the packaging (on the hard drives) was horribly bad. the drives were ok, but that was luck. My problem is recognising tallent outside of your core compentencies. If you can recognise tallent, it's easy enough to pick up people who are on the rebound from bad jobs, or who haven't gotten much paid experience yet. I regularly hire friends of friends, but then I hang out with very technical people who have very technical friends. I've picked up a lot of really good technical people with little experience and paid 'em $15/hr to work for me... most of them leave for better pay after a year or so, but if I was compitent at business, I'd be able to pay them more by then. My big problem is that if you are incompetent at something, you can't reconise compitence. I am an incompitent business person, so I can't recognise a good sales/businessperson. Even with a good solid technical team, you need business compitency to succeed, and there isn't much of that in my social circle, and even if there was, I wouldn't be able to tell the good from the pretenders. It sounds like I need to get together with someone like you, but who? I mean, I alrealdy said, I can't tell if someone is a compitent businessperson, and having the wrong CEO is much worse, imo, than having no CEO at all. I think recognizing talent in the context of an interview is difficult, but not impossibly so. I think judging how well they work, (do they 'get stuff done') is much more difficult during interviews, unless the person has solo projects. I know working for others, I've recommended several 'smart but useless' people after interviewing. Usually when hiring people I know, though, I know in what ways they are useless, and can hire for positions where I can make up for their weaknesses. but I don't think it's difficult to judge a person if you have known them for a while, especially if you are the type to talk about technical things in social contexts. I think the problem appears when you are judging things outside your field, or people you only see for an hour. Wait, what? ec2, (I consider them my biggest competitor, they probably don't know I exist, and, well, my product is somewhat different) has lowered the cost of hosting dramatically. and there are places that are even cheaper than that (such as my company) - unless you are doing something like video sharing, hosting costs are simply not a huge deal anymore compared to programmer time. At what I bill out for as a contractor, for every hour of my time, you can run a amazon ec2 small node for a month and have enough left over for a cheap lunch. At most (USian, at least) startups, pizza for the meetings should cost more than the hosting fees. Even if you are running an application where hosting is a big cost, there are plenty of people (such as myself) who have hosting resources they'd be happy to trade for some small slice of equity. Actually, yeah. let's make that a standing offer. if you have a startup and need SysAdmin/hosting stuff and are willing to trade a silver of equity for that, let me know. the problem with civil action is that you can't get blood from a stone. If you sue someone without assets or insurance, you probably won't be able to even recover enough to pay the lawyer. I would argue that it is better to find someone with a good reputation, someone who is careful to preserve that reputation. eh, I didn't go to college. of course, when I graduated highschool it was 1997, and I had 2 years of paid experience as a sysadmin, so I was able to jump right into a .com job, and I'm a UNIX SysAdmin- a computer janitor. SysAdmins often have less formal education than Developers, so some of this was just that I 'got lucky' - but I do know many others who have done ok without formal education. Yeah, if I had stuck it out, I'd probably be earning another 20%-30%, (just looking at what my co-workers make) but I'm still comfortably into the six figure range. Granted, that's not great for the bay area, average nerd salary around here is north of $140K, and I don't rate that unless I'm contracting, but it's certainly an OK salary for someone who hasn't hit 30 yet. The key to making decent money without college is to get jobs that count (really, this is good advice regardless of your other educational plans. Most places a year of experience is worth a little less than a year of education. If you can get both, you are golden.) If you want to be a computer guy, don't take a summer job tending a till- if you can't find an internship, pester local offices to see if they need a windows reboot monkey, or see if you can get the local web-design place to give you minimum wage to do basic stuff. Or repair computers for your parent's friends. Charge $5 or $10/hr if you have to... it's experience and reccomendations you are after at that stage. My first job was at a mom and pop computer repair place... I was paid less than minimum wage, but it was an awesome experience, and it paid off handsomly. Remember that if you don't have education, you need experience. Without education or experience, nobody is going to hire you for a 'real job' (at least for 'real pay') Find someone willing to let you do a 'real job' for next to no pay for a period of time. Remember that at these jobs a good reccomendation from the boss is worth many times over what they are paying you. Certifications are nice, but with the exception of perhaps, the ccie, none of them can touch a few years experience doing the job you are trying to get. I wouldn't want to discurage people from getting educated- I think college can be very valuable (look at my grammar.) but not going to college doesn't condemn you to poverity. higher education in the US is heavily subsidised. The meagre fees that the lower colleges charge are waived if you are poor, and at that point all you need to cover is food/books/rent. Well, yeah, that is a particularly negative way of stating it, but mostly true. Most people favor political ideologies that favor them. (e.g. those who identify with those who are unable to earn much tend to prefer more collectivist ideologies, and to call tallent luck, while those who identify with people who earn a lot tend to support more individualist ideologies, and call luck tallent.) I think it is somewhat self-reinforcing, a person who believes that it is all a roll of the dice is less likely to put as much effort into self-improvement than someone who doesn't believe in luck. But then, I don't believe in luck. A religious friend has suggested that this is because I'm just lucky :) Yeah. I know some very good developers who were first SysAdmins. Even I have written a patch here and there to various system programs. To 'level up' as a sysadmin, even if you don't want to be a dev, you do need to know some programming. I don't know if I have the attention span to sit down and write a large app from end to end, but many times I've had to hack up the programs a client was using. I once patched courier-imap so my employer could continue to use the same UIDLs Ugh. nearly all customers were using pop3 like IMAP- 'leave mail on server' the problem was that UIDLS needed to stay the same, (the UIDL value is an identifier of a pop3 message- the pop3 client uses it keep track of what messages are new in the pathalogical 'leave messages on server' scheme. If we changed the UIDLs, all messages would be 'new' to the mail client and customers would scream.) and qpopper UIDLs contain characters that can't be in filenames, while courier-imap's pop3 daemon uses the UIDL for the filename... so I hacked it so that if the filename started with 0x, it treated the filename as a hex-encoded UIDL. (otherwise it acted as normal... that way next time they upgrade the courier server, they probably don't need to include my patch... most of the old 0x mails will be gone in a number of months.) A simple change, but it allowed us to move to maildir (which isn't always faster, but in this case was massively faster) without disturbing the customers. But yeah. as a more senior SysAdmin, you are expected to occasionally deal with that sort of thing. Being able to kindof read debugger output also really helps. Oh, also the 'got lucky' comment was more about coming of age during the .com boom than about becoming a SysAdmin. The .com boom (and my timing) was luck. Becoming a SysAdmin, well, that was more the 'path of least resistance' at least once I got started down this path. this is key. Look at Google. they target technical types, but for joe average, their product is just as usable as the compitition, who explicitly targets the average user. Joe average is going to have a technical person setup his computer- If that technical person, say, makes firefox the default browser, assuming it mostly works, joe average is going to use firefox. This might also be why OSX is doing so much better than previous macOS versions. Whenever a non-technical person asks me for a laptop reccomendation, I tell them to get a mac, in part because I know they might come to me for help (and I'll be damned if I start rooting around in a windows box that isn't properly backed up. Reboot, reboot, then format and reinstall, I say.) the other side of this is that it needs to work for joe average... this is why Linux on the desktop took so long to take off (it looks like it's getting a toehold in the low-end- by 'just working' for simple tasks) even now, linux on the desktop only 'just works' if you don't need commercial software. so yeah, you must target the early adoptors, but targeting the early adoptors alone is not enough. You must make it usable for the average person. (which is funny, because I've put almost zero effort into the usability of my product. I don't have a support budget, so if you don't know UNIX well, eh, for now I'm not the best product for you.) a problem everywhere I've worked, especially in places where the rack is 'organically grown' is power cables getting accidentally pulled when other servers are added or removed. on all servers that I have physical access to, I use zipties on both ends of the power cable. you need a knife to unplug anything. One problem, at least, solved. Generally, I categorize mistakes as 'mistakes of knowledge' (that is, I did the wrong thing because I believed something that was incorrect.) and 'mistakes of inattention' (where I knew it was the wrong thing to do, but I wasn't paying attention and did it anyhow.) Generally, you don't make the same mistake of knowledge twice, so I don't worry about them much. They happen, but they only happen once. Learning, we call it. Mistakes of inattention are much worse, in my opinion. without further action, I will almost certainly repeat a mistake of inattention. The idea is that every time you make a 'mistake of inattention' you put in place a procedure that will prevent the mistake. wow. Uh, first, a 300W server is moderately heavy. I run core2quad boxes w/8G ram and they run about 120W. I soppose if you had dual quad core xeons, 300W isn't unheard of, but that's a beefy server. power(and cooling) in a datacenter in the bay area costs me around $400/month for 2000W (1500W usable if you are smart) so that is $400/month or $4800/year for 5 300W servers, or $960/year/box (for a massive 300W box.) so I'm not seeing where he's getting $8000... Well, I guess it's more expensive to build a datacenter than to rent, I guess? then why not rent? a velcro strip isn't going to keep a power plug from getting jerked out of a server by a careless admin. the difference between zipties and velcro is that velcro is best for organizational binding... zipties are structural, and should be largely considered permanent. You shouldn't cut a ziptie holding a cable that would take down production any more than you should move a rack while production servers in it are still running. If it is the sort of thing you might want to move while the servers are running (like, say, ethernet, or a bundle of cables that goes to more than one server) like you said you should use velcro or something else temporary. changing the process is exactly what I am talking about here... not so much changing, though, as creating. Usually, when you tell a SysAdmin to do something (install a server, remove a server, etc...) she just does it. I mean, most of this is pretty simple stuff. my suggestion is that when you see a mistake of inattention, you add process so the problem does not occur a second time. set up a checklist for that process, or as in the power cord example, change your process for installing new servers. the alternate is to just fire people when they make dumb mistakes... but for me, that is unjustifiably expensive, especially when compared with the cost of adding process. Sure, if you control the app you can set things up such that losing one physical server isn't a problem, but that is usually a lot more expensive than a few zipties. One thing I've learned in my years as a computer janitor is that a fix I can put in place now with materials I have on hand gets done. A fix I suggest to the devs, even if they agree it is a good idea, rarely gets done. Process, when it includes humans, is bureaucracy. And yeah, you need to make sure it doesn't get ridiculous, however, having a checklist for, say, installing a server, or replacing a bad disk is still, I believe, in the realm of 'good bureaucracy.' When you get paged at 4am after a late party, you can't count on being sharp and remembering everything. You have to accept that especially for emergency maintenance, sometimes your admins are not at 100%. you also need to accept that things you don't expect will happen. You can't always rely on process. I'm just saying that you can use process to avoid making the same mistake twice. most body shops don't add value Yet companies still insist on using them. I don't understand why. At one company, I was a contractor. I was leaving for another job, and they needed someone with my skillset. Well, I had a guy who was suitable working for me at the time, and I offered to rent out my employee at a below market rate. They refused. Well, I moved to my new gig and my side business slowed down, so when the recruiter who got me this contract gig called me asking for recommendations, I referred the guy who was working for me (I wasn't exactly paying him a fair wage, and even at the poor wages I was giving him I didn't have many hours of work for him) Anyhow, the company hired my guy through the headhunter (and liked him for more than a year) - but they paid twice as much to go through the body shop they liked rather than going through my corporation. It wasn't like the body shop was big... it was some guy running the operation out of his front room, just like my corp. body shops offer a degree of protection from contractors who later decide to sue for employee status, but I don't think that makes them worth it. I mean, your liability there is usually less than 50% of what you paid for the guy (if the government thinks you were paying an employee as a contractor, you have to pay the employer portion of SSI and unemployment insurance and other benifits, for the entire time the guy worked for you.) It's bad, but that's about what most body shops charge, and it's fairly rare for a contractor to come back and sue for employee status- but even if you had to pay those fees for every employee, I think you are still coming out ahead doing it yourself over paying the body shop. I've not met one headhunter who was capable of distinguishing between someone who is technically good and someone who is not. Granted, it's a hard problem- but it also requires a whole lot of domain specific knowledge. Knowledge that headhunters usually don't have. We can't answer that for you... but we can tell you a bit about our own situation. Personally, I've been running my own (much simpler) VPS hosting startup ( http://prgmr.com ) for more than two years. I'm on my second Porsche worth of personal money plowed into the thing (ok, second Porsche boxter... I'm probably still on my first, you know, real Porsche.) I dono. I mean, my company breaks even these days... most of what I've gotten out of it is experience and contacts (and those are worth something... my bill rate as a consultant verges on ridiculous, and I have a book deal. Pretty good for a Midwestern hick with no formal education.) I don't regret doing it, but if I had a chance to do it over I'd focus more on being more public (blogging, documenting, etc...) and less on the actual business. If I could 'open source' my project, I think that would magnify the benefits (that is, credibility and contacts) But you can't really 'open source' an ISP, which is essentially what I am. So yeah, personally I'd advise you to go for option #2, unless you can get significant investment from someone else. But then, you sound like you started from a different position than I did. It's possible that because I had so little when I started the credibility is worth a lot more to me than it is worth to you. Also, I have my own conflict of interest... your project sounds pretty cool, and I'd like to be able to use that technology for my own projects, or use products built by other people using that technology. Open-sourcing it is likely the best way to get the tech out to the masses. this is part of why I do everything in the terminal latency is acceptable, even when my workstation is on the other side of the globe, and I can buy a new workstation for 'change in the couch' money. (I currently have a $300 Everex CloudBook (via nanobook) I got at Wallmart for the bus rides. that and a usb 3g modem, and I'm good to go.) Backups are easy. Granted, the box isn't entirely redundant. If the motherboard blows on it, I've got to run to the datacenter and fix it or restore from backup to another box (if I'm remote) and I have a problem if the datacenter goes up in smoke, but it's been a pretty reliable system so far. The disk I'm on is mirrored, so I've not actually had to restore from backup in a few years. But yeah, it's nice because I can take a total 'it's disposable' attitude towards any laptop or desktop. If it gives me trouble, format and re install. If a client wants me to use one of her workstations, no problem (though I change the password from somewhere trusted when I'm done.) Heck with a sufficiently advanced cellphone I can console in. confidence is for marketing guys you should make important decisions on the rational level, not the emotional level. You should weigh the risks and rewards in a rational manner, rather than running with what you feel. Feelings can be quite mercurial, and if you quit after you have a depressing weekend, or (sometimes worse) get in over your head and charge up lots of personal debit because you 'feel good' you can get in a lot of trouble. Once you find that there is a positive expected return, keep making rational decisions. But then, my start up isn't making any money, so what do I know? One can commit to a plan while recognizing that it has a relatively small chance of success. The only other way to get past the startup phase of the business is to actively conceal the truth from yourself. To aim for "confidence" are you trying to say that starting a company is an irrational act? The difference you are speaking of is a small number of millaseconds. Maybe the difference between 50 and 80ms. this might make a difference if you are doing something like trading stocks... but for most webapps, your database is way slower than that. 20ms lag in loading a http page is not going to be noticed by anyone. more importantly He points out an easy way to get people to like you. Buy them food. It has worked for me (though I haven't tried it on the scale he speaks of.) a secretary and an accountant are both usually good ideas. Usually businesses have the accountant part down pat (most people I know like this live so far below their means that being bad with money doesn't really matter) but often companies will ask this guy to do things that are better suited to the secretary. S/he should be designing the inventory system, if some thing s/he builds needs to go in the inventory system, have someone else deal with that part. 'uninteresting details' are better left to those who are good at dealing with 'uninteresting details' I'm still not sure why it failed. it sounded like he just got tired of working on it. I mean, for a job like that with lots of physical schlep work I'd budget for a few people to handle the physical labor. Maybe $10,000 was a hard budget limit? I dono. it sounded to me like he should have stuck it out for a while longer, maybe after finding an underpaid lacky or partner. I turned down money from my family... but I'd turn down money from anyone who wasn't going to provide me with more than just money. I want a business guy, with relevant contacts, and this family member was a business guy, but he didn't want to advise me on the business side of things. I've run my own business by hiring people who are new (or down on their luck) that are obviously smart and have potential. I've done this for several years, and while the business has not done well (I attribute that to my own incompetence) I can point out a long trail of people who worked for me at $10-$15/hr who left my company to get real jobs paying more than 5x that. Uh, but yeah, actually I've had more people asking me for work than I have money of late, though, so if you shoot me an email lsc@prgmr.com I can send you a few promising resumes. buy me lunch or something if you like one of 'em. but yeah, how do I find people? Uh, the first was a few years after the .com bust. The guy was my roommate, randomly. Obviously he was really smart, and an excellent programmer, though he was chronically unemployed. I paid his rent and used him on my 'book price search' venture, which flopped due to competition, and on some consulting gigs. He left for a real job, and hasn't had trouble keeping a job since. the second was a guy I worked with during the first .com boom. I met him working in a deli a few years after the crash. I hired him for a little more than what the deli was paying, he worked on my current xen vps hosting venture. The third was that guy's roommate. I really got lucky that time. The forth was a guy just out of highschool who I met when I spoke at the LUG in Davis. He was a customer for more than a year before I hired him. Uh, that's the other thing. You have _much_ more flexibility if you are willing to let 'em work from far away. I haven't listed the foreigners I've hired, but there have been a few, good and bad. But yeah, overall, make sure your social circle includes people who are both poor and smart. Make offers if you know people working jobs that are beneath them. But the thing is you are looking for a market inefficiency. these are rare things. People who are good don't stay cheap for long. Be patient, and don't hesitate to act when you spot someone good. oh, yeah. ask friends. Let everyone you know that you are looking for someone willing to work cheap to gain experience. Many people have siblings and other contacts who are useful in this context. If he doesn't know how to do the jobs, you are correct, he's screwed unless he hires someone who does, and the median Sr. SysAdmin in this area is paid $140K (full load) per year. The market tends to agree that an experienced SysAdmin is worth a lot. However, if the original poster does have someone on staff who knows how to do the tasks in question, but lacks the time, (and enjoys and is good at teaching) then there is value to be had in Jr. SysAdmins. you have 2 options. 1. buy a much more powerful server/VPS. for seventy some odd dollars a month you can just leave your amazon ec2 image up all the time, and that's something like 1.7Gb ram. if you are willing to use a small provider (like me) you can do even better- I'll give you 2GB ram for $64/month. Having more ram makes a lot of problems just go away. (using a Xen based host also means that you can use swap, which means that your out of memory events would be slowdowns rather than crashes.) 2. get a skilled SysAdmin (possibly you) to optimize your system from a systems standpoint. ultimately, you want both. But often just buying a better server is the cheapest option. But yeah. no matter how much you like your host, I recommend that you always have a hot copy of your website/application at another server, ready to switch the dns over at the first sign of trouble. you should test this periodically. You need a SysAdmin. Now, this SysAdmin can be you (really, knowing the basics of server janitoring helps you as a developer and as a web designer, and as the guy who makes hosting decisions. Learning at least the basics of Linux is a good career move for almost everyone) but if not, you need to find someone you can depend on. The other option is to find a host that specializes in hosting drupal sites and is willing to take care of all that for you. The biggest problem with this is that you can only use the features they install for you. Of course, they will also charge more than generic hosting, but it's still cheaper than getting a SysAdmin. this is another example of why you always need offsite backups (even if it's a server on your DSL line) People make mistakes. web hosting providers are run by people. Data loss happens. I go even further and say that you need to make sure that no single person can delete every copy of your essential data (unless that single person owns most of the company) - if nothing else, you should keep backups under the founder's bed. I think (I hope) this is an excellent time to be competing on price/value. Competing on price and/or value is a difficult thing during the fat times, but when people start feeling the squeeze, I believe it becomes a much easier sell. Personally, I just blew 4 months operating expenses on new server parts in preparation for launching a 'value for the dollar' initiative, so I obviously agree that businesses will become more cost sensitive. I wasn't thinking about the capex vs opex change, but that's good for me, too. Interesting times indeed. effort is necessary but not sufficient. You need to put effort into areas where you can improve. As a child I wasted years learning how to write by hand. I still can not write legibly. Continuing down that path would be a waste, even if the skill wasn't completely obsolete. there are traps like this everywhere. You need to recognize areas where effort isn't bringing you returns, and somehow reorganize your life so that you don't have to do those things. find someone who isn't good at something you are good at, and vis-a-vis and trade. (this becomes much easier once you can hire people.) you are always dealing with incomplete knowledge. You are making decisions based on the evidence you have. Especially in a field as 'fuzzy' as business, if you are certain that a plan can not fail, you are almost certainly not evaluating it rationally. A tested disaster recovery plan (including tested off-site backups) is much more important, in many situations, than your choice of host. Choosing a good host is like running on raid disk. It's a great idea, and it dramatically reduces downtime, but if you keep important data it's not nearly as important as a good, tested, offsite backup. This does depend on your business model. Ask yourself: what is worse, being down for a few days? or losing all your data? Now, you did say that your site was news focused, so it's quite likely that losing the archives would be a fairly survivable event, if expensive (as you'd need to rewrite the code) but if you are entrusted with customer data, well, a failure without backups usually means death (or starting over with no customers and a bad reputation.) My experience has been that if you lose a customer's data, even if you warned them ahead of time that you were not keeping backups, the customer will leave, and more importantly will tell other people to avoid your service. on schwag: I was kindof thinking of distributing free T-shirts when I speak at LUGs and/or to customers who express interest. At $5-$10 each, well, it might be a dumb idea, I'm not sure. Average customer gets me $10/month or so in revenue. See, I was thinking that my target market (cheap Linux hobbyists and cheap micro-businesses) might actually wear free shirts. I would think the value of the schwag as advertising directly correlates to how much it is used in public by the recipient. The thing is, as I'm self funded, the credit crunch doesn't mean anything, so long as I keep my consulting gigs. I'm buying hardware right now like it was 1999. This next month, after I get my new capacity up, I am going to need to spend some money on advertising. I do ok for the relevant google searches, and my target market is very technical (yes, I could vastly expand my market by making it easier. I'm working on it, but my core customer base is people like me- people who don't click on ads.) so I don't think buying 'sponsored results' from google will make much difference. yeah. I guess I would extend this to all advertising that goes beyond making me aware a product is available. If I know about it, and I need it and can afford it, I'll buy it. If you have to browbeat or manipulate me into buying it, you've created negative value. first it wasn't a good deal for me (or else I would have bought it without the browbeating) and add to that the cost of browbeating or manipulating me. But then, most people seem to prefer to buy from salesmen, even when buying technical products that the salesmen often don't fully understand. After getting the facts about various products, most companies I've worked for then invite salespeople to pitch (salespeople who are often not technically qualified to even discuss the product) and then make decisions based on how good the salespeople were. This seems irrational to me, but it also seems to be how most businesses work, so maybe I'm wrong. yeah, but none of that conflicts with my 'sales subtracts value' theory, it just explains that people working at large corporations are more concerned with what decision looks right than what decision is right. That aside, I've seen the same thing happen at small companies that just had a lot of money. In one example, the guy making the decision was as technical as I am, and owned a good chunk of the company. I wanted a cheaper homegrown solution. "Dude, that's your Porsche" I said. I can understand why he went for the expensive solution instead (I was pretty young at the time, and prone to rash decisions and mistakes, and so was the rest of the technical team. The expensive product was expensive, but it worked.) Still, I felt he went with the vendor who looked good over the vendor that actually came out ahead in all our tests (and was cheaper, too... partially because they didn't take us out to lunch at fancy restaurants.) I've hired many a foreigner to work remotely, paying more than (USian) minimum wage. However, key here is comprehension of written English. (well, to work for me. And to work for me, you have to convince me that you are smarter than I am. I imagine those are different for other people.) I don't care about spoken English. Plenty of ways around that problem, I don't want to talk with you on the phone anyhow. Of course, right now I have a huge number of options in my price range, so until more people catch on to this 'location doesn't matter' fact, he's got to get good before I will be interested. But there are many people willing to hire across borders. Obviously, if he doesn't eat, that's his biggest problem. I don't have any good advice there. It sounds like you are up on the price/nutrition ratios of local foods. But to become a good nerd, he needs a computer. I remember my first computer. my dad gave me a giant book 'Upgrading and repairing PCs' by mark minasi. good book. he said read it, and he'd get me the parts for a computer. I did, I convinced him that I did, and a few weeks later the parts for a thoroughly obsolete (but completely loaded) 80286 were spread over my room when I got home from school one day. I mean, it was like '93 or '94, so even with the full megabyte of ram (it had a add-on ISA card) it was thoroughly obsolete. But it was mine, and I was able to get a shell account on a local BBS that had internet access. it was one of the formative events of my childhood. Of course, I dono if it's possible to get 'free computers' in that part of the world. I mean, around here you spend some time looking in likely dumpsters and you will find some good stuff. (I have a friend who has a nice collection of obsolete RISC medium iron that he got out of dumpsters at the local university) I don't know how it is in Turkey. I think learning how to be a support monkey is a very good first step (well, it's what I did first. And it was awesome. I remember I looked forward to getting out of school every day and going to work.) And it's usually an easy thing to get into, if you know a little bit and you are willing to work for menial wages. (my first job was fixing computers, but it paid maybe 80% of minimum wage.) Of course, I don't know how much my experience applies. I grew up in America, and while my jeans came from the salvation army, and I've eaten my share of rice and beans, I've never had to worry about not having enough to eat. I do think that having a computer to take apart is important. Thinking of your computer as a 'black box' appliance is an expensive luxury. if it's possible there, it's a great idea. It's how I got my start, though I grew up in the USA. I started by fixing computers for my parent's friends for a low fee. the hard part for this kid will be acquiring the skills. he needs his own computer to practice on. If he can find 'junk' parts, those provide excellent practice (or, at least that is what I learned on.) Long-term, something that can be done remotely might be a better idea, but after about three (paid) years of fixing PCs I was able to make the jump to Linux administration- it's a pretty common career upgrade path, and (at least in the USA) is commonly done by people with no formal education. eh, I think the big problem is that nerds, in general, regardless of gender have poor social skills. This is to be expected... I mean, we all have limited time, if you spend more of your time learning about computers than you spend learning about people, your social skills are not going to be as good as if you spent all your time learning about people. Ok, so we have a group of people with poor social skills. Note, people within this group can relate to oneanother much better than they can relate to people outside this group. Add to that an extremely skewed gender ratio, and you will find a lot of lonely men. Lonesomeness often leads to bitterness and misogyny. I don't imagine it's particularly pleasant to deal with someone who is both attracted to but also has a deep-seated anger towards your gender. Add to that the usual friction you get when people with poor social skills get together, and I can see how you might have an unpleasant situation. I've also heard it explained like this: Assume everyone wants to work (or talk about technical stuff) 95% of the time, and flirt 5% of the time. Assuming your company (or LUG) has a 1:10 female:male ratio, and furthermore postulate that all participants are hetrosexual. The women who do show up will be irritated, not because they don't want to flirt, but because they want to do other things as well. the sla only covers network connectivity, not hardware/systems problems? I guess that makes sense, but three and a half nines is a lot easier to get on a network than on PC hardware. huh. well, I imagine they still have the credibility edge over small providers. I guess if you really are using it as a cloud (that is, provisioning as needed, and not worrying about it if your existing systems go down) one out of 3 availability zones seems like it would be enough. But then, I bet a lot of people use ec2 like an ordinary VPS provider, which is to say they keep their image up all the time. (this is why I see them as a competitor, even though I rent by the month, not the hour, meaning you can do things with ec2 that you can't do with me. I am working on better provisioning/billing scripts, but I've been talking about it for a while, and it hasn't happened, while I have to say the ec2 system is pretty slick) you save a lot of money on office space if you let people work at home; and usually you can save on salary, too- many people will work for less money if you let them stay at home. This is what I've been doing, more out of necessity than anything else, Office space would cost more than what I'm paying people, and it's much easier to find people in my price range if I don't mind that they live a few timezones away. eh, I've given most customers a free month more than once, on my 99.5 sla. there's no reason why you can't have a real SLA, the company in question just needs to have the financial reserves to lose a months revenue without going into default. I see it as a way to gain credibility while I'm still small (and my reliability isn't what I'd like.) redundancy is key keep complete copies in different hosting companies on different continents. For details beyond that, we'd need to know what kind of trouble. The US is pretty good for most kinds of political speech, but horrible for many kinds of commercial speech. Many other countries are the opposite. But yeah. if you make sure you have a hot spare of your complete system in more than one country (this should be pretty cheap with the proliferation of VPS providers) you will be in much better shape. Once you have that covered, you really only need to worry about your DNS provider.