Hi all, I wrote this in my spare time, originally aimed at the American Competitive Policy Debate community (though it's applicable to anyone) - some notes. 1. No one seems to have made anything like this (queryable, word level extractive summarization) , and I was pissed because when I was doing competitive debate I really wanted this tool (I spent days doing this stupud underlining and highlighting of evidence that I'd like back). 2. This is also equivalent to a "Semantic Search" engine. I've seriously thought of trying to write a word2vec powered ctrl-F replacement for a web-browser. I'm convinced that CX_DB8 is proof that this could be neat. 3. While my idea of making a tool that can make any document "say what I want it to say" was cool, the reality is that it's kinda hard to make it look like a document says the opposite of what it naturally says. To a word vector model, "X is bad" and "X is good" are usually very similar, meaning that the summaries given for each query are very similar. 4. Is there anything I could improve? I feel like there's gotta be something better than Cosine Similarity and mean pooling for the creation of document vectors out of word vectors. I saw something implying that TF-IDF weighting doesn't help - which sucks - so I'm skeptical. Thank you to all the people who contributed the packages that makes CX_DB8 possible Reposting because even though I got 0 upvotes on the last post, github insights shows that a TON of people saw this via HN - and I got an additional 10 github stars after I posted this. Ugh Lurkers Hi all, I wrote this in my spare time, originally aimed at the American Competitive Policy Debate community (though it's applicable to anyone) - some notes. 1. No one seems to have made anything like this (queryable, word level extractive summarization) , and I was pissed because when I was doing competitive debate I really wanted this tool (I spent days doing this stupud underlining and highlighting of evidence that I'd like back). 2. This is also equivalent to a "Semantic Search" engine. I've seriously thought of trying to write a word2vec powered ctrl-F replacement for a web-browser. I'm convinced that CX_DB8 is proof that this could be neat. 3. While my idea of making a tool that can make any document "say what I want it to say" was cool, the reality is that it's kinda hard to make it look like a document says the opposite of what it naturally says. To a word vector model, "X is bad" and "X is good" are usually very similar, meaning that the summaries given for each query are very similar. 4. Is there anything I could improve? I feel like there's gotta be something better than Cosine Similarity and mean pooling for the creation of document vectors out of word vectors. I saw something implying that TF-IDF weighting doesn't help - which sucks - so I'm skeptical. Thank you to all the people who contributed the packages that makes CX_DB8 possible Pretty sure that Python has a larger total ecosystem of packages than R. What you describe is not postmodernism. Antinatalism is certainly not nihilism. You seem to be confused The term used for this by philsophers at least after hegel is "the dialectic". I've always thought that many philsophers uncritical acceptance of a dialectical process within the world was absurd. I am happy to see some evidence from science indicating this to be the case. Einstein was explicitly anti stalinist and advocates globalism in his work "Why Socialism" You can read it online A right, even and especially a positive right, is strictly always a curtailment of some form of freedom. The "right to life" means that no one has the freedom to kill you arbitrarily. The right to health care means that the market is not free to deny you health care. The right to freedom of religion means that the religious must make do without your religious donation. The NAP is literally impossible to not break over even the most trivial of things and if you seriously believe in it or similar you're far more ignorant than the person you accuse. I can buy Android phones that do nothing to stop me from rooting them or unlocking the boot loader (OnePlus). I have to fight Apple for root access, and frequently I will lose. You can do anything on an Android phone that requires root access. None of that is possible on iPhone unless it's been out for quite awhile. I bet he can do that more effectively on his DIY build than a top of the line Mac Pro can. Hell, he can put a faster Xeon in for half of the price and already beat it on whatever the Xeon would beat an I7 in. Lol it's both. Men don't get pregnant Most antinatalists reject rationalism. No, not "rationality", "rationalism" as a philosophical position How can one be a rational trader without an effecient market? Books are cooked and I'm sure that Boeing spent more on "lobbying" or "lobbying and backroom deals" than 15 million. Id expect a difference of at least a factor of 10 but it's not easy to prove as they have a vested interest to keep that money out of the public eye. Heidigger isn't worth reading by anyone of any age. He's one of the OG Charlatans before DnG and Lacan beat him out Egoism is not bad - it's inevitable. Abrahamic values teach this literal self-hatred and "humans as innately evil" line but it has no basis in reality. See the work of Max Stirner on a rehabilitation of egoism and why a union of egoists (differing from a society only in the voluntary nature of the association) isn't synonymous with "egoistic psudo-individualism" It's like the franco-prussian war and German unification just didn't happen! Have you ever asked yourself why France was so willing to fight Germany? Progressive Dems like Bernie Sanders are considerably less friendly to mass surveillance than centerist Dems like Obama. Bernie votes against the Patriot act every time. You can elect people who will fight it. Folks just don't want too because it might involve pot getting legalized and "socialism" Between this and the UMAP paper on cancer publishing in Nature, I'm convinced that my next publication will be in the sample place that Isaac Newton published in Wait, how is K-NN harder to implement than a perception... Even in hardware? What about linear regression? What about decision trees? What about naive Bayes? I like attacking academics for careerism as much as the next guy (and especially in the context of the strange embrasure of post modernist authors) but they straight up aren't even talking about the worst form of this yet. The French authors listed at least had a sembalance of value from their works. Hell, I'd highly recommend everything Arendt wrote and Derrida wrote at least one good book on the Marx/Stirner rivalry. Plus if you're getting a philosophy degree you basically need to read everyone on that list (okay maybe exclude Foucault cus he says some dumb and anti-historical shit about leprosy) But this piece failed to really get at the heart of Charlatanism. What really scares me are the "academics" who unironically believe in psychoanalysis today. It's not just for fashion - it's pure lunancy. These are your "lacanians". Try reading Lacan, or Deleuze and Guattari and you will see a whole level of bullshit one wouldn't even imagine possible. Seriously the story of Jacques Lacan and his popularity today among academics should scare you. Hit me up when this competes with tabNine Foucault's only half decent book was discipline and punish (where the panopticon chapter is in) but if you actually read him (or open up any of DnGs anti-oedipus) you will see very rapidly why you had to have a secondary source understand them. It's because modern people don't read Charlatan authors as much as Foucault did. Foucault is a terrible historographer and no amount of writing against "metanarratives" or "totalizing descriptions of history" saves him from this "Deconstruction" is not what I critique. I critique people who unironically stlll believe in the powers of psychoanalysis. DnG don't get a pass for inventing schozoanalysis - it's way worse! This is exactly why the term for what this article is criticising is "Critical Theory". Leftist postmodernists are damn good at critiquing things, and calling out why one should reject a mainstream position. Of course, they forgot that the seductive belief in rationalism - specifically in the claim that some human recognize reality more correctly than others (and education is what separates the wrong from the correct) - is most likely the beginning of every from of hierarchy and oppression that they critique. Why is it that Foucault - an author who writes all about how shitty schools are - is required reading in many undergraduate classes? If he saw people being graded for regurgitating his ideas, he'd be spinning in his grave! The Academy is where critical theory goes to be neutered. And it must be, as it would be too subversive without tenured academics to keep the proles from direct action. No you don't. Lay-people offer great criticism against "language" without knowing the "language of critique". I don't need to say "Your epistemology is built upon a reductionist and totalizing conception of the self". I can say "There is no all-knowable truth in the world if there is no directly identifiable self" Fourth option, and one that may seriously be advocated by Anti-natalists, is a "pro-death" view which would advocate for as many abortions as possible because all life invokes harm and on balance the ethical harm of even a small amount of suffering outweighs the ethical good of the pleasure of enjoyment - leading to the attempt to create a "benevolent end of the world" through not having children. The only reason that the person before you didn't include this view is because its outside of their overton window. "maybe if academics churned out more philosophy that spoke to the concerns of real people Peterson would have less of an audience" Someone did. His name is Wittgenstein. Folks just don't read him. Also, real people def experience existential dread. Camus and Sartre are great reads for trying to come to terms with the possibility of infinite (but some infinities are larger than others!) freedom Real people experience oppression, which is why most of the "postmodern neo-marxists" care so much about stopping it. Real people experience ethical dilemmas, and would find a lot of utility in exploring the thoughts of Kant, JSM, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, Arendt. Out of those, Kant is the only one whose sort of difficult to understand without knowing the jargon. Really this article is about how terrible contemporary French Philosophy given that the useless jargon seems only to be in their works (since Hegel anyway) There's entire books written which contradict every point you've brought up. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Structure_of_Scientific_Re... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Against_Method https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proofs_and_Refutations https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imre_Lakatos https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Ego_and_Its_Own (his stuff on epistemology not the rest) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demarcation_problem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Is%E2%80%93ought_problem Uhhhhh??????? Unsupervised learning is totally a thing! Word embedding models are achieving STOA results on massive unlabeled corpuses . That's what's powering most of the new results in NLP. Clustering and Dimensionality Reduction folks just sitting here thrown out to dry too... This is plain wrong. https://arxiv.org/abs/1602.04938 A simple counter-example. A really neat library called "eli5" and specifically, it's white-boxing functionality for NLP and CV applications does a great job of helping one figure out if their model is learning "incorrect" information in its prediction pipeline. The paper I link show why this does a good job of improving user trust in models, which is your second point on human-computer interaction https://eli5.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/black-box-te... For instance, one can run the same TextExplainer algorithm on a word embedding powered model, which encodes its features in some N dimensional space that doesn't correspond to anything that a human understands directly. TextExplainer can reverse engineer which words were most important for a classifier predicting x sample in y class, when this would otherwise be difficult to do (as is the case for basically all state of the art NLP models) All you need to do is comb through your models erroneous predictions with Textexplainer and you can figure out what "incorrect" information is being learned. I found out this way that punctuation is pretty bad for generalizable NLP, and should be preprocessed out in most circumstances. I can take the really simple vizualizations and show them to managers and suits to justify why a model was wrong somewhere. This is value gained from interpretability This absolutely is an interpretability technique which actually helps people achieve a task they care about. The only cavet of this method is that the white-box model which immitates the black-box model isn't 100% accurate, but its accuracy is a hyper-paramater. PS. If you look into who the developers of eli5 are - it's an agency which takes money from DARPA and works with sigint agencies. Eli5 and text-explainer can work on any type of black-box model. Spooks want to crack open the models. That should be your signal that there's valuable information to be gained from interpretable machine learning. Lain from the hit anime, "Serial experiments lain" used lisp when she coded The connection is apparent to everyone else reading. 1. Most neural network architectures have fewer "neurons" than 10^5. Maybe the word you are looking for is "parameters" 2. A neuron in the brain and a neuron in a neural network are totally different things. It's nice to see folks becoming aware of negative utilitarianism. This just in - Science gives evidence for a Jainist world-view! Topic models are going to get blown the hell out by UMAP and other manifold based dimensionality reduction algorithms Re: promising results Yes, there have been. https://github.com/lmcinnes/umap_paper_notebooks The author of UMAP shows impressive results with 3 million word vectors For dealing with multiple meanings, It's already been done. Sense2vec resolves most of these issues and a wordnet integrated version of word2vec or the newer "XLNet" would be state of the art by a long shot but no one seems to want to implement it so the world waits longer for good NLP models I guess... You'll find that if you run UMAP on a large corpus (the same size as your original word embeddings), the ones it'll generate (especially if you feed it any labels as UMAP supports semi-supervised and supervised dimensionality reduction) should outperform those generated I'd even wager by modern transformers. if they don't, than they'll be like 2% worse for a lot of speed improvement on the currently single threaded implementation of UMAP Oh and you can use UMAP to concat tons of vector models together and all other side data for super-loaded embeddings Has the author made sure he's using the exact same set of word embeddings as utilized by the authors of that paper? Are they trained on exactly the same corpus with the same parameters? Do the md5 hashes match? This could be cheating... Or it could be a case of model mismatch. I'm left without a clear reason to prefer one explanation over the other. I wrote a tool for this called CX_DB8. It's better than any other "TextRank" based extractive summarizer in that it utilizes the latest in word embeddings, and supports queryability. Furthermore, it is the only word-level extractive summarizer to support all of this. Mostly aimed at the competitive debate community but anyone can use it. https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 Hopefully you'll see my paper about this in EMNLP 2019 System Demos... Shameless self plug, but for anyone interested in the SOTA of extractive text summarization, I wrote a tool for this which allows for folks to use any type of word embeddings to run a modified queryable text rank on. This leads to SOTA text extraction. https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 CX_DB8 also supports word and sentence level extraction. I plan on adding paragraph extraction in a future update. My github name is "Hellisotherpeople" which ideally would be lengthened as "Hell is other peoples code". Yet, I like the alternative variation in the title of the article Why isn't this being used heavily in other NLP frameworks? All the newest Language Models seem to be throwing more compute at transformer models instead of moving away from Euclidean Space. 1. Most French Intellectuals at the time supported this. You'll have to disvow basically most of Critical Theory if you don't like frenchies who want to remove the age of consent. 2. More importantly, all of this is totally unrelated to the point made by the previous poster. Idea: My model takes in documents from the user using Standard Input - Then the model classifies, explains why it classified the way it did, and asks the user if the predicted label is the ground truth or not. User supplies the ground truth, the model incrementally trains on the new example, and that new example (with human supplied label) is appended to my dataset and the cycle continues. This is called active learning I want to take in massive sums of articles from a news API which will be placed in their corresponding file based on where my classifier says I should put them. I have to generate my own labeled data for this. That is a problem. Most people don't realize that the sample efficiency in models which utilize transfer learning is so great that AI-assisted data labeling is extremely useful and can significantly shorten what is ordinarily a painful data labeling process. We need a way to quickly create word embedding powered document classifiers which learn with a human in the loop. For some classes, an extremely limited number of examples may be all that is necessary to get results that a user would consider to be successful for their task. I want to know what my model is learning - so I integrate the word embeddings available with Flair, combine with Classifiers in Sklearn and Tensorflow/Keras/PyTorch, and finish it off with a nice squeeze of the LIME algorithm for model interpretability (implemented within the ELI5 Library) There was a genuinely "left-wing" part of the Nazi party (Strassurists)[1], though they along with their leader (Ernst Rohm)[2] were purged in the night of the long knives (also known as the Rohm purge)[3] The Germans had a term for communists who swapped to the Nazi party - Beefsteak Nazis[4]. Brown on the outside and red on the inside. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strasserism 2. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernst_R%C3%B6hm 3. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night_of_the_Long_Knives 4. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beefsteak_Nazi Dimensionality reduction is absolutely a form of "machine learning". UMAP or Ivis are doing the same thing but utilize fancier methods so now they must be more relavent? I'd be curious to see what happens when you combine the system with a system that removes the possibility of illegal moves. I bet accuracy will go dramatically up - especially if they utilize a really modern transformers based architecture for the vectorization part. Peer review is so shit at major AI conferences that his paper was most likely rejected for nonsensical reasons What you are describing is called "Negative Utilitarianism" And yet Arma 3 is pathetically unrealistic. The fact that Picture-In-Picture scopes are so rare even within the game's assets shows a certain contempt for realism. I've never had to load bullets into my magazine one by one in Arma before. I've had to do that plenty of times in Escape from Tarkov. Red Orchestra also has more realistic scopes and gun mechanics. It's funny to watch folks here rediscover nationalization. Unfortunately, regardless of the justice of that action, Nationalization is the fastest way around to not just cause capital flight, but (if you're a small country) those wealthy individuals who lose will also hire thugs/counter-revolutionaries to destroy those who tried to expraproiate them. You literally cannot win. Either enjoy the corporate dread or enjoy a bullet to the head