i.e. Hamming advised everyone to work on the most important problem(s) in their field, and precisely not to "Chase after the things that interest you and make you happy." Maybe for him these two were the same. There is something cold about his recommendation, though. I'm not sure what motivated him. Impressing himself with important discoveries? I never in all his talking about missile trajectories and weapons-related work came across any evidence of ethical considerations. Godement's Algebra with its inspiring political and ethical conscience - its author was man as well as mathematician - made me vividly aware of how a work of mathematics/physics can either be ethical, or it can pretend that ethics are not its concern. Or rather, like a heartless child, act without ever even considering consequences. Maybe Hamming was just working on the important problems in his field, and disregarding all else, and thought that was enough. I tried working in a library, once I'd been driven out of parks by wandering people on phones. In the library every couple of minutes someone ran outside shouting into their phone "I'm in the library! Hang on!". Grr. And when it's quiet you notice you're within earshot of someone texting on their phone with "click" sound effects. Whoops, I meant Godement's Analysis . > Nearly everyone in this world holds to some central and defining philosopy or faith or religion that shapes the meaning of life for them. Is that a fact? Seems like a false assumption to me. Unless you just mean whatever deeper beliefs everyone has, whether aware of it or not, but it seems you're making a stronger claim. For example, I'm in Australia, and I'd say 95% at least of the people I've met in my life aren't among this "nearly everyone". > Israel is an unusual circumstance, in that it's surrounded by hostile countries, but so is the U.S. Huh? IIRC, the U.S. is surrounded by Canada, Mexico and a lot of ocean. I don't know how that can seem a realistic statement to you. Um. Your country has drones bombing innocent people across the globe, and you are worried about...whether you are getting value for money?! Please consider for a moment what that might sound like to people 'across the globe'. Do you count killing someone as human rights abuse? Killing hundreds of thousands, millions? I guess these U.S. killings have been mostly of people in other countries, which don't count as human rights abuses? It's somehow worse if a country kills its own people, than the people of other countries? And it's also not what they said. Hi. 'find me a source': Google is your friend. I can understand if you don't want to learn about this stuff. You sound young, or naively gloaty at least. If you think talking about 4 people is relevant then prepare for a big shock. It's really a horrific story though. I learned about it until I couldn't stand it anymore...all that stuff about central America in the 80s is so depressing. But no more than e.g. 800,000 (!) bombing raids on Laos in 1964-73, dropping more bombs than in the whole of WWII. Understandably it's hard to get precise figures, or any kind of figure, for killing on such a huge scale. You guys don't bother counting these days. Do people born with birth defects from chemical weapons count? Killed with unexploded bombs after a 'war' - 20,000 in Laos alone since 1973. ... Did you hear they were using uranium bullets in the latest Iraq slaughter?! I wonder how long that will cause 'problems'. I guess I first learnt about most of this from Chomsky's earlier political books, and following up his references and reading elsewhere, until it was all too depressing and I had to stop. He wasn't making it up. The way he straight-facedly reports the grotesque pronouncements of officials, letting the facts condemn themselves, is not something forgettable. I found this source[0] saying 20 million after a moment's googling. (And a minute checking the site didn't seem obviously insane.) I'm no expert at all. I didn't think "millions" was particularly controversial. I don't think I've seen a total figure estimate before, but from the stuff I've read about Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, central America, Iraq x2 etc etc, I thought "millions" was pretty inarguable. Just read about all the places the U.S. has invaded/bombed/'interfered with' in the 20th C. You'll be doing well to make it halfway. Often because they were getting too democratic, not doing what the U.S. wanted, the "threat of a good example", that's the depressing thing. Then cover the whole thing up with propaganda so the U.S. public thinks it was all in a good cause. Pretty sickening. Do you only count 'domestic' human rights abuses? And 'non enemy combatants'? So if they fight back, their human rights aren't abusable or something. (Or they just slaughter whole villages and say they were enemy soldiers. See wikipedia page on Vietnam casualties) And I guess 'directly caused' means if the U.S. gets rids of democracy and installs a dictator (e.g. Iran), and sells them weapons, like they did so many times in the 20th C, (and probably graduates of U.S. torture school) well, anything bad that happens later isn't 'directly caused' by the U.S.? Anyway. Oh also Scott Noble's documentaries are available on his site[1], some covering aspects of this subject. I think they're excellent, also very depressing, although they feature some very inspiring people. [0] https://www.globalresearch.ca/us-has-killed-more-than-20-mil... [1] http://metanoia-films.org/films/ Maybe I should have asked a question, I'm curious. Which countries did you mean? I've already put in a lot of hours to that depressing topic, mostly a couple of decades ago. That Scott Noble stuff recently was more than enough. I do seem to remember Saddam got into power with U.S. help, then they sold him about 10 kinds of chemical weapons. Have heard a bit about Pol Pot. Not sure why you just mention those 2 countries. If I want to what?... Uh. So I guess you know all about the U.S-funded fanning of extreme Muslim flames in the area. With the purpose of starting a war, wasn't it? But sure, 'tangential', no abuse of human rights there. Well, maybe you're an expert - what do you believe is the total number killed by the U.S.? Less than "millions"? I notice you did the straw man thing that you did here also with user982's LeMay comment - finishing your post with something the other person didn't say and saying it's not true. Also I'm getting that you think the U.S. isn't evil but other countries are 'truly evil'. Sounds familiar. Well, thanks. Sorry, I wish I had the interest/energy/time etc for a long exchange about this, but I don't. maybe that was a joke and i missed it. deeply interesting? no idea why it's on here. "Criticizing the history of the United States is fine, but it's not even in the same universe regarding human rights abuses." I thought this was an outrageous remark, and felt compelled to object. But you say that's deflecting from a vast oppressive machine. Criticizing an easy target. Trying to cast the US as the world's "bad guy". No-one said you called the US perfect. No-one said US atrocities excuse Chinese ones. I guess if by definition you say Chinese ones are greater, and I guess they are one of the "truly evil" countries you referred to, there's not much can be said to you. The US merely has done evil things - other countries actually are truly evil. I guess it's natural for humans to think that way about their own group, but still, it bears reflecting on, that each group thinks that way about itself and others. Whole countries have disappeared in the 20th C when they say they want to do things their own way, not the way the US wants - not just individuals. But it seems you don't see that. "Trying to cast the US as the world's "bad guy" isn't brave or controversial, it just gives cover to the truly evil nations committing ongoing genocide." There are a number of interesting things going on in that sentence. It's so thick with what seem to me labels, ad hominem dismissals, false assumptions, straw men etc that it's impossible for you to hear what is said to you on this subject. You said criticism is fine but keep coming up with reasons why it's not. This has been interesting for me, thanks. Anyway, I'm still wondering - are you only interested in what the total number of US killings has been, or only what it isn't? What's your estimate of the total? You are obviously better informed than me on the subject, or at least think you are, having told me to read more about it. I repeat: What's your estimate of the total number of US killings? Thank you, I needed a good laugh! "Choosing to experience negative emotion because someone does something is self-harm." Hi :-) Fascinating comment. Do you really live that, or just it's something you read/heard and aspire to? Trying to unpack that a little: Calling experiencing negative emotion (i.e. feeling bad) "choosing to experience negative emotion" seems psychobabble. Do you choose all your feelings? I doubt it. So, you will never feel bad because of anything anyone does, because why would you, and that would be self-harm. All that just strikes me as jargon out of a bad self-help book. It doesn't sound human, but like a robot, or maybe a guru. (e.g. Nisargadatta: 'In my world, nothing ever goes wrong.') I guess that's why gurus/monks/priests aren't supposed to have wives, girlfriends, careers, possessions etc. Because ordinary humans do get upset about stuff. And feel good about stuff. The way you call people "someone" and reduce most of life to "someone doing something" I find absolutely chilling. That last bit about expectation sounds likes the ridiculous pessimism I thought made sense as a child. If you expect things to turn out for the worst, you will never be disappointed. That was before I realized that in life your attitude makes a huge difference to how things turn out. In the real/everyday world of someones doing somethings anyway. The language is tricky in this area; I'll try to be clear. There seems some confusion in your concepts; at least I'm confused about them. I don't claim to have this stuff all worked out; sorry if it's not helpful. It sounds like, for you, 'subscribing to an objective morality' would involve feeling the need to make everyone 'adopt your position' - share your beliefs? do as you do? I don't think there are actually many ethical or social relativists at all. Even the most self-proclaimedly relativist academics may talk like that professionally, but in their everyday lives have quite another standard, and evidently believe in objective ethics/morality/reality etc. That's the thing about ethics; it's not like favourite ice cream flavour, where you might think lemon is best, chocolate awful, but understand it's just your personal taste. Believing something is ethically wrong means it's not just 'wrong for you', but 'wrong, full stop.' It doesn't mean you go around forcing people to think/act the same. (Although probably means you wish they would.) I think you have described tolerance, an understanding that people think differently, not everyone has the same values etc. But to go from that to thinking there is no right and wrong, good or bad - only right-for-you, wrong-for-you - well, that's an abysmal step. I suppose you don't mean that; I hope not. Well, even in your "I don't feel the need to compel all sentients in the universe to adopt my position" it sounds like you think it's simply a better way of acting than others who need to compel etc. Not just better-for-you, but better for anyone, better for everyone i.e. objectively better. Metaphors We Live By - Lakoff/Johnson Philosophy in the Flesh - L/J Rationalism in Politics - Oakeshott Erving Goffman – Presentation of Self in Everyday Life Walter Lippmann – Public Opinion Art as Experience - John Dewey Plutarch's Lives G.K. Chesterton – Heretics (essay) William James - On A Certain Blindness in Human Beings (and its sequel) (essay) R.L. Stevenson - The Lantern-Bearers 'How can you tell if this full stop "wrongness" is occurring?' Well, I get why you would ask this, but that's an extremely strange question; I sense false assumptions in there somewhere. Yes, "wrong, full stop", otherwise known as wrong. That's what the word 'wrong' means in English. I had to create terms because you are (what seems to me) pretending you 'have no need of' any judgement-words whatsoever. You, I presume, and I don't kill people in the normal course of a day, e.g. because they have something we want. I think that would be wrong. So does almost everyone, the religious & spiritual traditions etc. It's based on natural feeling, and also on what makes for human flourishing. "Because not everyone agrees on what is right and wrong, there can be no such thing", you seem to be saying. If not everyone agrees on who is most beautiful, that means there's no such thing as beauty? The way you talk of 'values' came in, I believe, with Nietzsche and post-Nietzschean relativism. There's something profoundly macabre about talking the way you do, in spite or because of its all-levelling blandness. I'm very curious about your influences in learning to speak and think like that - who are they? (You have to be very smart indeed to not understand good and bad, right and wrong.) Say there's a guy who does go around killing people on the slightest pretext. You don't think there's anything wrong with that, he just has different values, (yours are no better) and that's normal? I think that way of talking as if everything, from whether murder is ok to what music I like to listen to, is on an equivalent plane of 'values', erases essential and major distinctions, to say the least. So..for example, I can't imagine you would be interested in thinking about or discussing what broad direction your society/town/institution should be heading, because no direction would be better or worse than another? Or if you have a preference, well, so does everyone else. You have sympathy for those terrible singers (whoops, there's no bad singers?) on American Idol when they say, in answer to the judges' "You're terrible!", "That's just your opinion"? But there are better opinions and worse. Better and worse reasons for judgments and interpretations, etc. Well, I still feel the way you're talking is ultimately incoherent, and that underneath it you hold the common sense view, even if I've not managed to break through yet. At least you won't let yourself say that you understand this, or anything at all, better than me. :-) But it seems you do think you have a better understanding of what we're talking about than I do. It seems you think I, and almost everyone, are wrong to believe in objective morality. But you can't say that, so...most people just have different values to yours? I notice you again say 'in any cosmic sense'; before it was 'all sentients in the universe'. The way everday language is used offends some sense of due human modesty in you, or something? Maybe it's from thinking that everyday language presupposes a God's eye 'view from nowhere'. Well, I get that, I realize there's no right or wrong out there except inside creatures' brains. If a stranger were to come up and punch you in the face, you wouldn't think it was, uh, wrong? How about if someone killed your girlfriend for the fun of it? Replying "That's fine, you just have different values" wouldn't sound more enlightened, it would insanely brainwashed. >I don't believe those with values different from mine are "wrong, full stop" or "evil, full stop." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNnIGh9g6fA (Apologies if you're joking, but you don't appear to be. Hmm but I'm not sure.) "Consider the fact that in the social sciences, about 18 percent of American professors are communists.." - whoaaa! hehe. Well, that was the most remarkable start to a sentence I've experienced on HN. Allow me to stop there, and examine for a moment how much of a fact that is. Well, more than a moment - I couldn't access "The social and political views of American professors" (2007) on that link, and it's 76pp long. It reports a 2006 survey. I think your "about 18 percent of American [social science] professors are communists" refers to pp40-1 : "Before moving on to consider the substantive attitudes items, we consider three other political identities that professors may hold that would indicate something about their political views: whether they think of themselves as radicals, political activists, and Marxists. We queried respondents on these matters by presenting them with a series of labels - including "radical," "political activist," and "Marxist" - and asking them to indicate how well, on a seven point scale ranging from not at all to extremely well, the labels described them. ...Table 12 shows the percentage of respondents in each broad disciplinary grouping who said these terms described them at least moderately well (giving a score of 4 or higher).." There's a figure of 17.6% given in the table for professors in the "Social sciences" + "Marxist category". So, in a 2006 survey, 17.6% of social science professors said "Marxist" described them moderately well, extremely well, or somewhere in between. I'll leave it there for now, just remarking that it strikes me as rather ironic that the "fact" you asked us to consider came as part of an argument purporting to show someone else's stats were false. I'm not sure of the technical term for what you were doing in your last sentence, but it wasn't pretty either. Edit: I thought my comment was as usual tangential at best to the main story, but on second thoughts maybe this was a small journalistic investigation of exactly the kind hoped for? :-) A small point.. What is called "left-leaning" in the U.S. looks right-leaning to most of the world. [source?] Supporting one (the less far-right one) of the two main business parties gets you called "left-leaning". Supporting health care apparently gets you called a communist! That seemed everyday opinion in the U.S. - it seemed absolute appalling idiocy to the world looking on. Up there with "freedom fries" etc. "The centre" I guess then falls somewhere halfway between a primetime news anchor and their right wing thinktank guest. I get what you say about not insinuating, though I feel the two people who asked so far weren't so much insinuating as actually puzzled, as it genuinely seemed the parent couldn't have read the article and still thought it was an ongoing issue. Everyone? Only estadounidenses. This appears to be an ad. Oh, it's only about job interviews. Sigh. Maybe that should have been obvious to me from the title or URL? I'm fascinated by interviews, but job interviews, not so much. Except this, from my favourite book by a mile about philosophy of art: "Two men meet; one is the applicant for a position, while the other has the disposition of the matter in his hands. The interview may be mechanical, consisting of set questions, the replies to which perfunctorily settle the matter. There is no experience in which the two men meet, nothing that is not a repetition, by way of acceptance or dismissal, of something which has happened a score of times. The situation is disposed of as if it were an exercise in bookkeeping. But an interplay may take place in which a new experience develops. Where should we look for an account of such an experience? Not to ledger-entries nor yet to a treatise on economics or sociology or personnel-psychology, but to drama or fiction. Its nature and import can be expressed only by art, because there is a unity of experience that can be expressed only as an experience. The experience is of material fraught with suspense and moving toward its own consummation through a connected series of varied incidents. The primary emotions on the part of the applicant may be at the beginning hope or despair, and elation or disappointment at the close. These emotions qualify the experience as a unity. But as the interview proceeds, secondary emotions are evolved as variations of the primary underlying one. It is even possible for each attitude and gesture, each sentence, almost every word, to produce more than a fluctuation in the intensity of the basic emotion; to produce, that is, a change of shade and tint in its quality. The employer sees by means of his own emotional reactions the character of the one applying. He projects him imaginatively into the work to be done and judges his fitness by the way in which the elements of the scene assemble and either clash or fit together. The presence and behavior of the applicant either harmonize with his own attitudes and desires or they conflict and jar. Such factors as these, inherently aesthetic in quality, are the forces that carry the varied elements of the interview to a decisive issue. They enter into the settlement of every situation, whatever its dominant nature, in which there are uncertainty and suspense." - John Dewey, Art as Experience "Don't be snarky." "Be civil. Don't say things you wouldn't say face-to-face. Don't be snarky. Comments should get more civil and substantive, not less, as a topic gets more divisive. When disagreeing, please reply to the argument instead of calling names. "That is idiotic; 1 + 1 is 2, not 3" can be shortened to "1 + 1 is 2, not 3." Please respond to the strongest plausible interpretation of what someone says, not a weaker one that's easier to criticize. Assume good faith." Ah sorry, it was a bit random of me pasting that quote. His prose is fairly repellent. To explain a little, he uses "an experience" in a particular way in that book, not in the usual sense. The book was a revelation to me, having read a lot of books about analytic philosophy of music and art, each analysing their own little corner of art/music, me feeling like I understood less after I finished each one. Then suddenly came this book, relating everything to life - he talks about poking a fire, firefighters, a job interview etc and how all the stuff going on in these are the building blocks of art. A section of the book is "The Live Creature" - it's remarkable how many aesthetics books neglect the human/life/planet context of art. "An experience" means something like an aesthetic whole, like the experience of reading a story, watching a movie, hearing a piece of music etc. The chapter's called I believe "Having an Experience". Anyway..after that I stopped feeling the need to read books of philosophy of art/music, as all my questions had been answered. (I'm a musician + artist) Fascinating point. Is "training vs education" a useful pair of terms? Universities used to be for education, now often its assumed they are for training only. (Bachelor of Science in Hotel Management I come across nowadays - in what?! ) I often hear people talk as if education was something that happened to them, then it finished. (Like learning is something you just do in an institution.) I guess training is more like that, teaching knowledge and skills for some particular task/role/job. Well, that's the point - those things, training to do a particular job, are now thought of as 'education'. (2011) Some thoughts on what the word means: It's changed over the years.. in the early 80s, a hacker was a programmer who knew their computer inside out, so they could do anything they wanted, not what they were supposed to be doing. I had a computer with a Z80, and read a series called "The Hacker's Handbook" which featured stuff like inserting little machine language routines into the comments of your BASIC program so you could do whatever you wanted, and very fast. Later I wrote assembler routines, hand-translated them to machine code and inserted them into Turbo Pascal functions. That definitely counted as hacking then.. Reading Kevin Mitnick's books, he could do almost anything programmer-hackers can do, and a lot more besides, just by making a few phone calls, and by knowing a lot about the organizations/systems/codes/protocols/authorizations involved. Sprite of spritesmods.com says "I'm an avid hacker...I enjoy ripping different pieces of hardware apart and using them in a way they weren't meant to use" The popular sense of the word today is more like.. a criminal, breaking laws and stealing from people and organizations with their bash expertise. An utterly impossible task. This video is of no chess interest. The guy lost a piece immediately. I read some of his blog about this. He originally meant to play the "Play Magnus" app, where you can play a simulation of Magnus at various ages, not his fault the real Magnus agreed to play. But it was just a waste of Magnus' time, not showing due respect. The guy's preparation was pretty embarrassing to read. Asking someone who had some idea about chess for advice would have been a good idea. It seems he tried to memorise the openings Magnus had played. Good luck with that, Magnus plays more different openings then anyone. And you will blunder as soon as your memorized lines run out, which is what happened. Just doing tactics training would have been more useful. Reading about some of his other challenges was interesting, but in this one he had no idea, no respect and no chance. I didn't find the title at all confusing. I found the Fowler excerpts wonderful, I've downloaded it to read already. Thanks! But :-) I didn't understand how on earth he could say "Johnson himself was the first to prove that there was little in the way of drudgery in the task of the lexicographer". Does he know how many years of toil it took him? Maybe he just means "It's not a dull book to read", I can't imagine what else. Shouldn't that be "a tad unreadable"? The page you linked to says "Its reputation has not risen over the years, and it is still a long way from general acceptance. Use regardless instead." >Heck, even the "final solution" orders weren't put in signing I believe that's not at all how Hitler operated. He'd vaguely suggest things to his underlings, who would then go off and do something like what they guessed he wanted. Sounds an incredibly up-in-the-air way of doing things. I learnt about that from the excellent series Nazis: A Warning from History . After watching that you won't be in the least surprised there's no paper record of any particular initiative. (So I didn't look at that link.) Hmm "play with over 800,000" doesn't sound at all realistic.. Is that everyone who's ever registered? Also, I used to use Babaschess but lately play in the browser with Jin applet. I think that's been around for many years. Anyway, I love FICS, there's total non-commercialness, a great volunteer spirit, excellent help channel, even a duck channel. Plus I met one of my best friends there. If your app brings more people to FICS, well done. :-) What does have 'intrinsic value'? Things are good for something . >Nobody perceives reality as it actually is. A couple of comments: This sentence has a misleading form. It sounds like "Nobody here has a hat", denying something quite unproblematically possible. But would would it mean to perceive reality 'as it actually is'? The phrase seems confused. Like people who worry about life being meaningless, there's a category error being made somewhere. And the phrase 'reality as it actually is' is but a modern version of the Kantian 'reality as-it-is-in-itself', (of which nothing could be known or said). Some of the problems coming from such language (i.e. most of Idealism and relativism in their various forms) and their history have been entertainingly explored by the philosophers Musgrave[0] and Stove[1]. e.g. "We can eat oysters only insofar as they are brought under the physiological and chemical conditions which are the presuppositions of the possibility of being eaten. Therefore, we cannot eat oysters as they are in themselves." or "We have eyes, therefore we can't see." [0] Alan Musgrave, Idealism and Antirealism http://www.phil-fak.uni-duesseldorf.de/fileadmin/Redaktion/I... [1] Stove's Discovery of the Worst Argument in the World http://web.maths.unsw.edu.au/~jim/worst.html >We directly perceive the objects out there in the world as they are, not a representation of some sort in our heads. My point was that this is a grammatical sentence, but like a christian talking of eternal life, the impossibility and unimaginability of the thing is ignored. That bit about the eyes was a TL;DR and teaser for the linked (very funny) papers, which doesn't mean much without them I guess. It's a spoof/reductio of a kind of argument which has often been used in philosophy, Stove's Gem . Yes sorry, not answering questions. I seem to spend more time questioning questions. They often conceal and smuggle in false assumptions. I go for a smoke :-) But you could walk around the house or block. I get so many good ideas while sitting there smoking for a few minutes, in the backyard gazing into the trees. I think when/if I stop smoking, I'll pick a spot outside to go to and sit for a few minutes. Its pretty amazing, usually the answer to the next problem pops into my head. Probably the vast majority of my good ideas come in those few-minute breaks. At last! hehe I was wondering why no-one mentioned Cython. Did I miss the part where everyone learned why it's not a good idea? For me it's the best of both C and Python worlds. Write a Python program. Compile it as a Cython program. (Already faster, with no changes.) Add C types to the speed-critical parts. (Up to many 100s of times faster than Python) and Dow Jones, HarperCollins, realtor.com etc. In the UK, 20 radio stations and The Times , The Sun and The Sunday Times . In Australia, The Australian , The Daily Telegraph , The Sunday Telegraph and a hundred others. Sad that, it seems, any political comment with a spark of humour on here is voted down. From G.K. Chesterton: "A critic once remonstrated with me saying, with an air of indignant reasonableness, “If you must make jokes, at least you need not make them on such serious subjects.” I replied with a natural simplicity and wonder, “About what other subjects can one make jokes except serious subjects?” It is quite useless to talk about profane jesting. All jesting is in its nature profane, in the sense that it must be the sudden realization that something which thinks itself solemn is not so very solemn after all. ... The thing which is fundamentally and really frivolous is not a careless joke. The thing which is fundamentally and really frivolous is a careless solemnity. If Mr. McCabe really wishes to know what sort of guarantee of reality and solidity is afforded by the mere act of what is called talking seriously, let him spend a happy Sunday in going the round of the pulpits. Or, better still, let him drop in at the House of Commons or the House of Lords. Even Mr. McCabe would admit that these men are solemn — more solemn than I am. And even Mr. McCabe, I think, would admit that these men are frivolous — more frivolous than I am. Why should Mr. McCabe be so eloquent about the danger arising from fantastic and paradoxical writers? Why should he be so ardent in desiring grave and verbose writers? There are not so very many fantastic and paradoxical writers. But there are a gigantic number of grave and verbose writers; and it is by the efforts of the grave and verbose writers that everything that Mr. McCabe detests (and everything that I detest, for that matter) is kept in existence and energy. How can it have come about that a man as intelligent as Mr. McCabe can think that paradox and jesting stop the way? It is solemnity that is stopping the way in every department of modern effort. It is his own favourite “serious methods;” it is his own favourite “momentousness;” it is his own favourite “judgment” which stops the way everywhere." - from Heretics , 1905 https://www.ccel.org/ccel/chesterton/heretics.xvi.html I thought yours a very interesting, worthwhile and thought-provoking comment. I'm puzzled why it's voted down. Maybe too succinct. 3^4 words good, 3^2 words baad? "Don't be snarky. ... Please don't comment about the voting on comments. It never does any good, and it makes boring reading." "Don't be snarky." I was looking into a CS academic who claimed to be widely cited. Mostly it was self-citation, in his own papers. He seemed to be the editor of a journal which published a lot of his own papers citing himself. I couldn't help thinking of that looking at the graph of decreasing uncited papers. Exactemente. It's fairly bizarre that this article didn't mention self-citation, huh.