The question on how much Joe would have paid is interesting in an academic setting, but quite impossible to answer. To make an example, tap water is worth exactly 0$, but had my only option been to purchase water from the store, then the price I would be willing to pay would be substantially large. The way west society solved the question on how we pay the utility guys who maintain the water supply is with taxes. Copyright is an outgrowth of taxes. A private monopoly granted by the state that can be used to generate revenue without any unit cost associated. In any free market, if the unit price is zero, the then market price must be zero too. The thing I personally wonder is, since copyright is a form of tax granted by the state, is this the best way to reward creators in the art of science and beauty? The big problem with software embedded in hardware is accountability. Today, if your car crash, it could be human error, or a software error. Yet, accountability has not moved with the times, and only the human error is looked at. Fix accountability for the software and I for one will treat it as the same as the hardware. Easiest language to learn for non-technical people? I do not believe that comment was made by someone who has tried to teach a non-technical person on how to program PhP. To get started to write a simple thing like a blog, you need to explain concepts like: classes, inheritance, public/private members, global/local decelerations, and context to name a few. Add that with the X number of ways each thing can be done, and the what ways are "right", and what ways are "wrong", and it becomes a huge information load for the student even before getting started writing something simple. An important event for subjects outside intellectual property context. The next time someone has the bright idea to create a treaty in secret, people can point to ACTA as an cautionary tale. It alone is maybe the most important victory from this. While sounding fine, its a form of error in reasoning - A fallacy of a kind. The logic does not scale. If I go to the supermarket and buy cheap imported goods, I deprive the local market of the possible purchase of their goods. It is very easy, almost impossible, not to deprive someone of payment if payment is based on who has worked hard and what could have happened. The logic also demand that there is a zero sum game going where every copy equals a lost sale. Copying is as about as simple as needing. If needing results in lost sales, then each time I am hungry, I create lost sales for restaurants if I dont buy something immediately. That might also sound fine logically, as if I am hungry I will buy food, and if I didnt need to buy said food, I am depriving someone of payments for their hard work to create food I could have eaten. It is also crazy! the world is not a zero sum world. It is way more complicated and social economics (how should creative people get payed for their work) should be decided by economics and politics, not law. Let say that 5 out of 10 000 users triggered this. Then say that 2 out of those 5 would have bought a full copy but read/heard/noticed this method of getting a cheaper copy. Is that then a problem? My guess is that the time this guy spent on this info box and coupon code far exceed the money from one license. You bring some interesting points so let start with the moral standpoint. If voting with your dollar should be the method to give society feedback what is needed, roads and water should be the most expensive items one pay for. Voting with your dollar sound fine in theory, but try to find a single study proving it. There is none, and studies like "The Market for Lemons: Quality Uncertainty and the Market Mechanism" by Economist George Akerlof, and those produced by Amartya Sen should shine some light on why. Copying is as simple as needing, that is the amount of energy and action needed to copy something, is about the same as just simply needing something. Like star trek replicators, you ask for something, and a perfect copy materialize. If I was hungry and I asked the replicator for a piece of bread, would I be depriving the baker of salary? So the question ends up, how should the baker be payed for the first loaf of bread. A dollar for each copy made from it? When the poor is then denied said bread and dies because he does not have that dollar for a copy, is that then murder or good for society? So how do we make it valuable to develop. My answer would be: - Society should pay for infrastructure, be that roads, water, or network infrastructure. (Tax) - Industry regulations should regulate the industry, not private people. If a company want to do earn profit by using software made by others, they should pay. (CC-BY-NC) - Concepts like media tax would work quite fine, if distributed "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts". The current media tax seen at places like Canada and Sweden are twisted forms of that where the collectors take the largest share, and then popularity in radio takes the rest. (Media tax). - Products do compete against free and sometimes wins. Look at the "$9.99" bin at the supermarket. When the product is offered as convenience, it does not matter if at the back, down the stairs, through the window, next to the gutter, there is a "free all-you-can-eat buffet" of pirated goods. This goes back to Industry regulations. Regulate people who are running for-profit operations and that is enough to create value for the producer. (lets call that economics) Small cited section from the article: "You only need to look at the way that Red Notices are used around the world. Red Notices are normally the preserve of terrorists and dictators. The president of Syria does not have a Red Notice alert. Gaddafi in Libya, at the same time Julian's arrest warrant was issued, was not subject to a Red Notice but an Orange Notice. It was an incredibly... it was incredibly unusual that a red notice would be sought for an allegation of this kind." And the allegation is accusation of sexually assault of the lowest degree. The lowest. Accusations. If Anders Breivik fled out of jail from Norway, he would be unlikely to receive the same high international legal attention that Assange got. It things like that this that causes people to loose trust in the legal system, especially the Swedish legal system. The appropriate method is to issue an arrest, then using informal channels to the UK police asking for assistance. Interpol notices are for extreme rare exceptions. If one would to be used for any common crime where the accused has left the country, the list would become useless. We would end up with a list somewhere around 200 000 - 1 000 000 people, not 7,678. It somewhat like bringing in tanks, bombers, and a nuclear missile in handling a shop lifter running away from the store. It might work, but appropriate action it is not. Equal to the law it is clearly not. Interpol requests like that are rare event reserved for server international crimes. The total number for 2011 was just 7 000 requests, which was substantial larger than for 2010 which was the year the Julian Assange notice was requested. To take it into context, a brutal murder where you have witnesses to it and the murder "suspect" flee the country, you still do not request a red notice. In the Swedish police words (asked by reporters), requesting help from Interpol is only done in exceptional cases where such expenses and laboure can be justified. Incorporated in January 1977. They became the great marketer in the last few years so what is the suggested concept the article makes; that the 3-point marketing philosophy will have no large effect for 30 years and then boom, instant great market leader? Its not stealing because the word fails when used outside physical property. To make some examples: Person X entered my building without authority or right to use the restroom. He stole my restroom! Person X insulted me. He thus "stole" my reputation. In Sweden, the state has sole right to sell alcohol, thus any Person X that is selling alcohol is thus "stealing" from the state. This is a lost truth on most people. If something trademarked can be used in a context that does not result in the consumer being confused, then the owner automatically loose the trademark. Its a consumer protection law, not an anti-competition law. The stock certificate does count: 1) Its legal tender, 2), if you loose the certificate then you loose the property. Its like trying to argue that money are not property, just representation of property. You are perfectly right that its the general attitude at defcon that is the problem, through I would claim its cause is the cowboy culture in the hacking community. It is the idea that hacking is all about the wild west, where some drunken, guns at the hip, "cool guy" can come and save princess and hunt down and hurt the bad guy. That said, the bar example you took up is not very relevant. I could tell you about a mugging that happened, even make a blog post about it, but no one would care or do anything about it. I could talk about a car accident, even one including a drunk driver, but it would be meet with the same reaction. Common crime do not create reaction from society. Maybe if a 9 year old daughter of some politician got groped at a bar you might see some media coverage and reaction, but that would be true the same if she got mugged or was hit by a drunk driver. Articles like this are declaring issues in existing communities. This make it natural for members in those communities to create opinions and question when listening, internalizing, and cultivating the issues brought forth. Some of those opinions will be of the type "Is this issue, compared to all other form of issues already identified in the community, significant different that it need a imminent and unique reaction?". Hackers/programers/scientists/problem solvers is also extremely, to the point of obsession, interested in identify root issues when talking about problems. To find root issues, one need to ask questions, like are there similar issues like this one? Are they caused by the same problem? What suggested fixes are there? are those proven to work? whats does the number says, do they show a trend? are there sources that back up what people experience? How can we eliminate research and political biases? are there additional factors involved like relative risk, risk assessment and risk aversion? Denying those questions and asking the community to accept the issues as facts, immune against research and question, and just shut-up and follow any suggested fixes it gets, is wrong. Just simply wrong. Maybe that will result in people dropping out, showing up in small numbers, or who starts making their own exclusive conferences/coding groups/fill-in-the-blank. Maybe. But maybe the better way is to ask the questions and find the answers? I have studied in classes where I was the sole guy + 30 women (Physcology course). I can only say, you get used to it after the first few days. That said, any assault, be that a bottle to the head, first to the face, hand to the groin, or foot to the torso, should be reported. Normally I would just do some hand waving and mumble "people", but I will try to do something more constructive. I believe it is the same effect as after a random rant article about firefox/gnome/pulse audio/software licenses. Everyone has some personal opinion there, so if the article lacks all form of basic research, people will immediately start to fill that void with their own anecdotal evidence. Like other has said, the argument makes absolutely no sense at all. Would you say that "the right to speech" is the same as the "the right to shot people in the head"? Both require the same amount of liberties so they must be the same right? "Freedom to be shot", and "freedom to not be shot" is not the same thing. Yes, both include the world "freedom", but its not the same kind of freedom. Same goes for rights, laws, and in this discussion even software licenses. What count is the Intent and what real world effects it has. > Does there need to be? Yes. The question of morality require more than the simple fact that someone can gain something of value without loosing something of value in exchange. A question asked by Eben Moglen (a professor in law historian and founder of FSLC), if bread could be copied with no costs by the process of pressing a button, what would the argument be to require more for bread than what a starving person would be able to pay? Would it be morally right to deprive a person of what he or she need to live when it cost you nothing to allow the person to survive? And if you do decide to deprive the person of that bread in a effort to give money for the first bread created, would the death of the starving man then be murder? And before you say "but copyrighted works are not necessary for living", please consider the effect of education has on a person ability to survive. There has also been physcology experiments that has proven the need, the almost extreme need for culture we human beings have. Deprive people of it and there is physical effects from it. No allegation was made by the claimed victims. They were seeking advice on the possibility to force Assange to take a STD test, and a prosectuter independently decided to start the prosecution after reading the report. One of the victims has gotten so tired of it all that she now refuses to testify, and refuses to sign any old statements she made in regards to the whole affair. The common interpretation is that Ms-PL is intentional designed to work like BSD, but to forbid code to be put under other free and open source licenses. Ms-PL allows you to distribute derived works freely under any license but only if it is in binary form. If you distribute code in source form, then the license change style and requires that all code to be under the Ms-PL, and only under the Ms-PL. Since practically all free and open source project distribute code in source format, this makes code under Ms-PL incompatible with most projects. Reading the license text, I do not see any exception for distribution of exact copies. What the license text say's is: if you distribute any portion of the software in source code form, you may do so only under Ms-PL. Project will use the technology described in the now open patents, but the source code will likely never see any use beyond as a reference manual. Is it valid to lump together all system with a linux kernel and then talk about the user experience? The user experience differ quite a lot depending on if you use debian, redhat, ubuntu, android, Mandrake, and so on. Sure, they can all be modified to be more or less the same experience, but the amount of modification needed to make a redhat user experience the same as a debian user experience is so large that you may just easier start with compiling your own kernel and go from there. It is 2012, it is time to stop comparing BSD with Linux and start comparing FreeBSD with Debian, or OpenBSD with redhat, and so on. Its interesting that around all this talk about rape allegation, no actually allegation was made by the suggested victims called so by reporters. The two women were seeking advice on the possibility to force Assange to take a STD test after unprotected sex, and a prosecutor independently decided to start the prosecution after reading the report. One of the victims has gotten so tired of it all that she now refuses to testify, and refuses to sign any old statements she made in regards to the whole affair. The other woman, as far as I know, has left the country. If in a fantasy world this would go to trial in Sweden on rape charges, it would be unlikely to see either one of the two "victims" in court. Sweden has done it before with the same laws that exist now. Simply put, there is no punishment if they would extradite Assange to the US. incentives are tricky and the story is showing what happens when you induce the wrong ones. They want to have "a free game", a "cheap upgrade" and a "only one upgrade needed". Three things that do not match. If they are going for a free game but that offers the enthusiastic 1% an payed to play upgrade, that upgrade can not be cheap. If they increase to 29.9$, their conversion rate would likely only go from 0.67% to 0.5%, but increasing profits by around 500%. People have tried, vigorous tried, to find a single case where a exposed name got killed in relation to the documents. So far, not a single researcher has found one. What they have found is that there is very few names like that, the most of the named people was dead before the documents was published. If it auto-updates, maybe this can be a early step towards a more resilient DNS system that route around damage. Whats the accuracy of those numbers? In research, statistics are normally followed by a accuracy estimation. "A post to Blizzard’s message board by a company employee also noted that rules meant Iranian players would not be getting refunds.". Isn't that the same as stealing? They are taking money in exchange for an service they do not provide. The one big question is not answered by the article. Will they get a design patent for it? Its an old idea to remove everything until just the essence is left. Apple succeed in identifying markets that was making over complex products. The silly part is that complexity goes in cycles. New products need to differential themselves with old ones, so they add new features. After a while, you end up with a car stereo with 20 buttons, and suddenly a "new" competitor comes out with a clean design with just 3 buttons and the 20 button design looks ill-designed in comparison. Stereos is one of the earlier examples, but you can see the same phenomena in web-design with today’s White and clean design vs the old dark and complex design. You can add new features without adding interface complexity, but its harder to differential products if the user do not have any visible difference between ones old product now going for 15$, the competitors new 30-99$ products, and ones own new product going for 100$. Abstract arguments like "its faster!, more feature than before!" is much harder sell when the two devices look and feel the same. One way is to sue all competitors and have the only store available presenting exclusive the new product, but that only goes so far. As for the johnsphones, it has buttons. As interface goes, it still look complex compared to a smartphone. The most simplistic phone design is one with only one or zero buttons, like the Third generation iPod Shuffle if it had been a phone. About $26.4 billion, that is 28% of the total biomedical research funding in US are money from the government. Its the single largest player in medical research. In areas of core principles, cancer research, and motility effecting illness, they are 80-95% in total funding. Government is not and has never been an referee in medical research. The drug companies would never allow it. Try removing a $26.4 billion of free R&D and see lobbyist doing everything they can to stop you. Additionally, anyone caring about sick people would join in in stopping that bill. One do not simply remove $26.4 billion of medical research in the name of free market. Are there any indication in the files that points towards a hack on apple or a carrier? If we have any indication that the information is false, first then should this really become an issue. Until then, FBI is the most likely source. This become even more important when anyone can add false information to a tracker. Of course they may have ulterior motives. Any action performed by a human might have ulterior motives. Anything anyone say might be a intentional lie to mislead. But to assume everyone is lying until proved correct will not work. Reading news would be impossible, as would most other actives involving other people. The only working method then is to assume people are telling the truth until indication (not proof) is presented of the opposite. Blind trust would be only if we disregarded indication of falsehood when said indications exist. All we have is a claim, and a disclaim - both being equal likely to be false. What is left to do is find out the original source. was it apple (can 12 million devices really be all devices from date X?), a carrier (is 12 million apple customers reasonable), or is it from an app? But that is not what the comics argue since they are attributing it to DOJ guidelines for the Licensing of Intellectual Property. There is not a single reference to marginal cost or copyright infringement in that document. The guidelines focus around market power, and competitive prices. Contrary to the comic, the guidelines do to define what an competitive price is, or public goods, or systems goods, or the effect of supply & demand on IP. The closest we get is a statement that market power exist if the consumer can not get the product beyond from a single source. If someone edited the Wikipedia article about IP and used the same wording as the comic, it would get reverted with the comment ("Does not exist in source"). The What Makes for a Good VPN section lacks one major and important aspect. Ping times (latency). If you play games online, you want a VPN that is either close to you, or close to the game servers, or which traffic is highly prioritized. If you are lucky, you might increase your latency going through a vpn than if you went without. It sound illogical, but routing is not equal for all, and traffic might be boosted if your VPN's network has higher priority than your ISP. Going from europe to US, I found that different AS had latency up to 200-300 MS in difference, and this does not take into account the stability of it. One net had a average of 80ms which only differentiated with 50m over time (the Swedish national university ISP). The Swedish ISP's that offer services to the public almost all uses a other backbone network than the university ISP, and that has an average of 250 ms to US, and which latency goes up and down between 150-800ms. I trust a VPN provider more than a ISP. The reason is pretty simple, I trust a random company more than a 30-200 year old telecommunication company which has strong ties to government and content delivery networks. How many VPN's companies has deals with content networks? How many ISP has a content network deal? How many VPN's has has a past of cooperative with government surveillance? How many ISP has cooperated with police and government secret police? How many VPN's has lobbyist in government. How many ISP's has lobbyists in government? An ISP has all the reasons to snoop at the traffic of their users, and they commonly do. Their core product is advertised as an service that provides Internet connectivity. Their core product is thus not effected by much if they get caught snooping on their users. A VPN has few reasons to snoop (QoS is the major exception), and their core product is to provide privacy. If they are caught snooping, their core service of providing privacy suffers. Thus, yes. I trust more a VPN provider than an ISP. Promote free exchange of culture. When we eliminate the feeling of "us vs them", believer vs non-believer, west vs east, I believe most kind of nation wide violence disappear. The easiest way to do so is to allow music, video and communities to be shared. I think we can be rather sure that few if any of the religious lunatics that participated in the attack was part of the EVE community. Had one been in it, its likely he would had thought "Wait I know who works in that building, he is good person. lets go somewhere else.". Do you really believe that anyone who is not exactly like you or do not believe exactly like you do should be killed? I guess this follow the "anyone who isn't us are them" attitude. Them, the wrong people, and us, the right people. The right people who is white, christian, catholic, no wait Protestant, capitalist, West, Aryan and rich. The wrong people who is black, red, non-christian, Protestant, no wait catholic, communist, east, non-Aryan or poor. This is not a war of cultures. Neither would such a war preserve Enlightenment values. Enlightenment require us to use reason rather than tradition or faith to handle the situation. It is unreasonable to act intolerant. It is unreasonable to react with violence where diplomacy and peaceful actions can resolve issues. It is unreasonable to react to culture with walls, bared doors, and hostile attitude. Hate speech is/should have a very narrow definition. If we define hate speech as "anything anyone might take offense too", we make the term useless. There is a difference between someone goes around shouting for the extinction of a race, and someone doing bad and amateurish satire. Trying to combine the two, and you are indirectly making the first type more acceptable. Do you think Monty Python films should also be classified as hate speech? There is a difference between making fun of an religion (Islam), and incite violence or prejudicial action against a group who are practicing the religion (Muslims). Expecting people to know and care about DRM, is like expecting people to read and understand the Table of contents in food. The Hambuger seller: 1. A picture of an Hamburger $4 2.Sale, with just a tiny bit of arsnic in it, $8. Sale, Arsnic free, for maybe $12. With this hypothetical Humburger product, most people will still pick option 2, not thinking about reading the table of content or understanding the effect arsnic has on the body (maybe they do not know what the word arsnic mean). They will look at the price and pick the cheaper one of two semi-looking identical products. The way to get food arsnic free is not about teaching the average man what arsnic is, what its effects are on the human body, and that they might prefer the arsnic free food. That its their responsibility, and noone else, to identify food that are arsnic free. DRM is by its definition a program, created to disrupt computer operation and gain access to private computer systems. This is an identical definition to that of malware. That DRM is indistinguishable from Rootkits should make it obvious to society as a sign that DRM is harmful. DRM should thus be illegal in commercial sold products, identical to the food industry regulation. Consumers are protected from food that is directly harmful (like arsnic sprinkled hamburgers). If a program is written to be directly harmful, it too should be illegal to sell. If the goal of the program is to disrupt computer operation and gain access to private computer systems, it should not matter if a song is attached to it. The amplification is by asking the misconfigured resolver about a DNSSEC zone. Basically, DNSSEC just mean you do not need to search the for a large zone to request. Given that large zones are not directly in shot supply, and that searching for them is (in the age of ipv4) rather easy, I wonder if DNSSEC actually have any affect on the issue what so ever. One can still have a public accessible resolver, so long it is TCP-only. Amplification requires UDP spoofing.