Thank heavens, someone else who thinks the answer is "read the situation and act appropriately" rather than a black and white fight-or-flight response. About the exclusivity thing: A friend of mine is a financial officer for a company that just moved offices to Charlotte. Hiring two staff, they tried a couple of recruiters and hired two from the same recruiter, with a 25% bounty. They needed a third staffer, but were informed from that same recruiter that the bounty would be 27%. Confused because the extra position was no different - "you are charging us MORE for return business!?" - my friend was told that the extra cost was due to not signing an exclusivity agreement. His response was, naturally, "bye bye". Meh. Not surprising he's a freshman. "It's not a habit, I just do it all the time because it's healthy/good for me". The arrogance of this is astounding. Does he truly consciously think about everything he does before he performs the task? The overhead is mindboggling. When he puts his shoes on in the morning, does he consciously think about the comfort difference between putting the right shoe on the right foot versus swapping them? At some point, you have to 'automate' what you do, it is no longer conscious. At this point, it is a 'habit', no matter how much you want to pretend otherwise. And don't forget that the US' allies were all saying "Just wait a few months until the weapons inspections agenda is complete, then we'll all go in as planned and sanctioned by the UN". No, the US had to accelerate the timetable, replacing "worthless weapons inspections" with Powell's equally worthless poster project showing "structures". I don't think it's the presence of the checkbox so much as the reminder that "we will now have your email address and you will receive generic mail from us". I don't think I've ever heard of anyone /excited/ at the prospect of receiving generic mail from vendors, and certainly know of plenty who hate it. A rather sensationalist headline given that the scientific method already recognises the problems of human researchers and not only offers some mechanisms to counter those problems, but is eager for more. Are you serious? "No due process, no rule book, no accountability, just naked use of force." You defined the terms, and were supplied with the French Revolution as an example. You were the one who ran that horse into the ground, trying to insert gravitas that was never intended, so stop with the "Godwin's Law" rolling-of-the-eyes. Now I have an image of Lygon St spruikers madly typing in vi... A near lifelong citizen of Fitzroy and Brunswick, I've noticed that locals have shifted heavily away from Lygon St - for me, I refuse to eat there simply because even after you've had a satisfying dinner, you can't walk down the street without being accosted by every spruiker you come across. Having to walk a couple of hundred meters continually chanting "no thanks, we just ate, we just ate" takes the shine from a good dinner. I'd rather pay for dessert and wine than run the spruiker gauntlet... The medical equipment company I used to work for had a 5% discount that they built into every sale - people rarely paid full price, so sometimes just asking 'can you do better?' on high cost items will at least get you this "auto" discount. "I mean if the doctor overruns putting your new liver in, it is by a few hours at most." Speaking as someone who went to get a new filling in June, went through getting a root canal on another tooth, and finally will end up going under a GA to get some more serious work done in a month or two, I can assure you that doctors (well, dentists) do not charge on a fixed-symptom basis. Even if you need to return to a doctor only to get a new copy of a script you have already had, most doctors will charge you the consult time. Given that you appear to suggest there is no art to medicine, it sounds like you have no exposure to the medical world. Our profession isn't as unique as you make it out to be. Come now. Out of literally thousands of peer-reviewed articles that hit the journals every month, the author provides one example of a bad paper from 2001 and some vague handwaving at problems in the early '80s. Clearly this means that the system is a total and utter failure and should be tossed ASAP. Leaving the sarcasm behind now, peer review is but one element in the scientific process - and okay, it failed for the example paper. But another element - free and frank community feedback (ie: no sacred cows) - killed the paper, by the author's own admission. It's but one element of a series of checks and balances. Besides, although I've only published one paper, the feedback from the peer reviewers made that paper tighter and more professional - so for my solitary data point, that element of the process did improve the quality of the article. Are you honestly saying that if you go to your local bulk-billing doctor with a stubborn symptom that won't go away, necessitating multiple visits, that the doctor will only ever be paid for the first consultation? That the rest are all (metaphorically) 'bug-fixes that are included in the original fixed-price spec'? Ain't so. Doctors get paid for their time, Medicare just has the government pay for it instead of the patient. Also, dentists in particular are poorly covered by medicare here. I remember as a student going to a dentist that was affiliated with my uni and having the receptionist laugh when I pulled out my medicare card... It can sometimes be quite surprising to learn which words are a part of your local vernacular.:) I spent three months crossing the US and what struck me is how outgoing the Americans are. Back home (Australia) if you're standing at a bus stop, no-one will talk to a stranger unless it's a sardonic comment about how late the bus is. In the US, total strangers just started talking to me apropos of nothing, just to talk and pass the time. I think that this is my favourite aspect of the American character. The stereotype of the American who just wants to hear their own voice didn't hold up either - almost all of them were genuinely interested in conversation, though that may have been partly coloured because I was a foreign tourist a little off the beaten track. I was in a shop when I heard the lilting strains of a woman with an Irish accent at the next table over. Being quite partial to an Irish accent, I decided to eavesdrop and sate my desire. The first words I heard her say once I 'tuned in' - and I swear this is true - were "potato potato potato". I had to leave the shop quite quickly for fear of losing my composure :) I've pushed other folks' cars out of traffic or into a station before, and there's nothing like that sheepish smile you get as you wave them off and get on your way. On the other hand, I've also had a borrowed, beaten-up car break down in peak hour in the inside lane and no-one is letting me push it over two more lanes to the plentiful parking on the side. I waited for about two minutes for someone to give me a gap before I realised "hey, car is beaten-up anyway, if it gets hit, it's just another scratch". Waited for a small gap and just started pushing. Not particularly suprising that people with their nice clean paintjobs don't want to plow into a beaten car just to prove a point :) If you haven't encountered people like the ones in the story in your life, you need to get out more. They're as common as muck - absolutely zero disbelief is required. While I don't personally help everyone I've come across, I have done exactly as in the story, as have many of my friends: helped someone, accepted a reward to stop them from making a big issue of it, then secretly returned the reward because it wasn't the point of helping in the first place. Sometimes the most fun part of the story is the acrobatics required in returning the reward before you part ways. Requirement for suspension of disbelief: zero. So ask for a tamale with less cheese. Religion is definitely a choice in countries where such subtle nuances of civil rights are being debated as in the main link. Children can and do break with their parents religion as they grow up (and do so /often/), so clearly it's a choice. Sometimes it's a hard choice. But it's still a choice that's frequently made. But if you've got amputated legs, you can't choose to just hop up out of your wheelchair and go for a run like pretty much anyone else can. Perhaps I can make it a bit more black and white. A few suburbs away from me there was a Turkish man who killed his daughter for 'dishonouring' his family (had premarital sex). Now, I am in Australia, and this kind of thing is seen by us as murder, but it's seen by folks where this man came from as honourable. Should we be saying "It's just cultural, he didn't have a choice" or should we be saying "we're striving to create an egalitarian society, where everyone is treated as equals"? This man had a choice and to argue that "it's just cultural" (of which "it's just religious" is a subset) deprives others of their freedom to be. Laws need to cover people equally or as said elsewhere you simply create another form of discrimination. This doesn't mean that laws don't need to change, but instead that they should be worded to allow everyone the same flexibility, not having to pass some sort of highly subjecting 'faithness' test. For the record, the Turkish government has started handing out harsh punishment in an attempt to knock out "honour" killings. but the government shouldn't tell you what changes you can't make to your body, or how you provide care for a member of your tribe. Talk to a social worker and see whether or not you still believe that a government should still be able to step in and tell you how to treat a member of your "tribe" I remember reading one social worker's long diatribe about why they burned out and quit. Out of several truly horrible things (black and blue children are ten a penny), the one that really stuck in my mind was the description of finding genital warts on the anus of a 7-year-old because his mother repeatedly whored him out. "Self regulating"? Bollocks. That's a misrepresentation of what he was saying, don't know why you got the upmods. A captive-bolt stunner is a quick strike that stuns. "beating" something is protracted causation of pain. You're not 'filling in' details that have been left out, you're creating a new situation out of whole cloth. You've never heard of "a crisis of faith"? Shunning is monstrously different to killing. It's silly to even compare them. Tons of people reject the religion of their parents and are estranged from them for life, while still having a great - and in many cases markedly improved - quality of life. So... a program where near to 100% of input kids are neglected or abused that ends up with a significantly lower proportion of those kids neglected or abused is a "very weak" argument that anything has become "any better"? If you had a drug that could save 50% of terminally ill patients, would you say "we have a very weak case that this drug saves lives"? In order for your statement to make sense, the failure rate of foster care would have to approach 100%. Again, talk to an actual social worker about how they see foster care and whether or not they choose to use it. It's an opinion that will most likely come with caveats, but foster care is also a service they use frequently. While we're pulling reasons out of the air, I think that the difference in wages betwen '85 and today is /clearly/ because of Saturn's wobble. If you're the kind of person that frequents HN, I would have thought you'd have the google skills to find that out. Ah, the good ol' "if you're poor it must be your fault" reasoning, wearing yet another dress today. Seen this elsewhere but: a) There is no point in the video where the guy that started using his computer /after two years/ is confirmed as the theif, even after the police finally got involved, and; b) The speaker violates the concept of privacy that is supposed to be a 'hacker value' but not only posting everything he can on this unconfirmed thief (including dick size jokes) but also by posting naked pictures of uninvolved third parties. This hacker is an arsehole, no two ways about it. The BOFH is funny... when it's fiction. but not only posting => by not only posting The laptop booted straight to the desktop. The user lambasted by the hacker simply isn't "a computer guy", hardly a sin. Nah, they're just doing it to be cool. Nothing in a quiescent, stable state (ie not requiring attention) should be animated. Animation - even a pulse - pulls your attention. Yes, you can /learn/ to ignore an animation, but you shouldn't have to do that in the first place. "Most people use email to forward chain mail and pictures of cats." No, no they don't. That was pre-facebook - most of those users have moved there now. heh, "immature algorithms" These are the algorithms that every man and his dog want the key to, the holy grail of net commerce. I was going to write something more sarcastic but instead I'll ask: Who has better algorithms and how are they doing with them? Parents have a mere 0-10% influence over a child's development? Clear delusion there, farcical right on the face of it. One wonders if you get any social development done at all before you significantly interact with a peer group using that formula. Here's a simple example: language. Pretty much everyone learns the basics of language from their parents before they toddle off to anything representing a peer group. Genes don't give you language. Is there a gene for French? What about English with a Mancunian accent? Apparently the ability to talk and what that conveys is somewhere between 0-10% of your development. Not to mention dozens of traits that are formed from the people you interact with daily for a couple of decades. This range of numbers is simply the result of someone who has a hobby horse and has plucked figures out of the air to reinforce it. My point with language was it's simply an obvious one. There are a great many traits from our parents that affect us strongly on a subconscious level. Besides, saying "yeah, we have parents, but we all end up the same regardless" is a total cop-out when you turn around and say "yeah, we have genes, but they count for a wild fluctuation of 50% - far more important in the development than any other factor". Which is odd. We all have eyes. Arms. Legs. Lungs. Run, walk, cry, think, breathe, eat, excrete, suffer cold and hot. If you're trying to paint this theoretical 100% influence total as "that which makes us individual from each other", then it's farcical to say "parents don't count because we all end up with the basics" but somehow genes get special treatment. The fact that some of us have red hair and some don't doesn't count for 50% of our individuality. If such minor differences between people really counted for 50% of our differentiation, then there'd be far more homogeneity in personality for people of average height, average build, and average attractiveness. Those numbers are simply plucked from the air. A cutoff of 66% has nothing to do with the complexity of the marking requirements nor any standardisation done. "That's why you don't have to hold a book or your mobile phone or tablet at eye level." Bad ergonomics though. I actually got what I call a reading injury. 45 minute walk to work gets boring after a while, and after getting tinnitus (which when it was bad is /really/ bad) I was paranoid about listening to music or podcasts. So I read a book on my walk. Walking plus reading = bad for your neck. Took a couple of weeks of not read-walking to get my neck back to not hurting. That's an extreme example though. However, even in simpler terms, your neck is not made to be held at an angle for extended times. When you curl up on the couch with a book, you'll usually have good support. Do that same angle in an office chair 40 hours a week and you'll start running into problems. That 'touchpad plate' of Apple's (can't recall the official name) isn't as precise as a mouse. Our web developer gets a new box from Foxconn about once a week as he pretty much buys one of everything Apple makes. A true afficionado of the touchscreen/pad, he just couldn't use that plate for the specific reason that it's just not accurate enough for serious work. Touch and mouse focus on different things - and the mouse is venerable, not vulnerable :) They look very friendly to "full-hand" mousers, but a little unfriendly to "finger" mousers. Do you finger-mouse? How do you find it? EDIT: It's obvious how you find it, you said it directly. Change the question to "do you finger-mouse?" :) Big fan of the trackpoint. I hate trackpads, they're always clumsy (though multitouch was a great advancement) but the trackpoint is precise and doesn't easily 'drop' things when you're dragging. Nothing like that trackpad moment when the item you're dragging doesn't quite reach the destination before you hit the side of the pad :) Found the trackpoint hard to learn though - there's a lot of subtle muscle control. Steep curve, but rewarding once you have it. White pavement is a real issue on a human scale, more than a white roof. It's true, we don't spend a lot of time looking at roofs, and where people congregate in large numbers, roofs tend to be flatter and more out of view. Pavement, on the other hand, is visible everywhere people are and you do look at it all the time when you're outside in a city. Regardless of the heat, a dark road/footpath is easier on the eyes than a light one. Concrete roads on hot, sunny days require either squinting or sunglasses as all that lovely light gets reflected into your eyes. Not to mention that concrete roads and footpaths are less pleasant to use in general. From memory (and I could be very wrong here) Bush's response to Katrina was to not address it for a few days - exactly the wrong thing to do. http://blogcritics.org/politics/article/was-bush-slow-to-res... says it was four days before action started to happen, and I recall at the time there was a lot of anger directed against the inactivity of the feds. Compare to Bligh in QLD, who was doing two-hourly media stops packed with information, keeping people abreast of what was going on. The second day of the recovery they realised that they had so much volunteerism that they had to tap it - and there's aerial footage of volunteer centers with queues literally over a kilometer long. Compare to Katrina when the feds had no idea what was going on and where they also copped flak - rightly or wrongly - for not letting volunteers help in a timely manner Even on the information front alone, if people know what's going on, they feel in control of the situation as the 'what ifs' are minimised. QLD flood victims felt acknowledged, Katrina victims felt abandoned. Katrina was indeed much worse than the QLD floods, but that doesn't absolve a politician of having to provide good leadership. Meh, that argument is just a sideshow distraction. The real issue (as stated elsewhere) is that you are using something for which you are required to provide recompense. Avoid that recompense is depriving the distributor. While the semantics of "is it theft" does have a slight relevance, the overhead of how this concept completely derails the legitimate debate is far worse. Theft or not, it's an issue that needs to be addressed, and the "it's not theft" folks always seem to want to avoid addressing it. A bit like how those folks who always say "but information wants to be free / you can't stop it" never want to divulge their bank account details and passwords... The moon is made of cheese and Atlantis is located just off Greenland. The data bears this out. I'll provide a citation for my claims if you provide one for yours. The plural of anecdote is not data. Where are the stats about male /teachers/ alone with pupils having a worrying level of sexual predation, which is what you claimed. It's funny how that works - a brand new article not having much commentry. No such thing as confirmation bias, eh? Not the way it's used in day-to-day casual language. If your boss told you that you would be getting "not all, but most of your bonus this year" and you got half plus one dollars (or whatever you're paid in), chances are you'd be feeling cheated, no matter how 'technically right' your boss was. And innocent women aren't hounded from their tech jobs by the 'boys club' that is IT? It's not a competition. "You payed for those just to prevent you from lying to Apple and fraudulently claiming a warranty replacement." You make it sound like Apple is an innocent little child. It swings both ways - for every "amoral" customer you get claiming a warranty replacement, you'll have another "moral" customer getting short shrift from Apple (or company X) in terms of legitimate warranties not being honoured in a timely fashion or not following up on promises. When it actually comes to needing support, a lot of people find that Apple's slick sell doesn't flow into support - you take your chances and sometimes it really sucks. "$500-$1100 SSD upgrade" That's quite a tarry brush you're carrying there. A nice 120GB 2.5" SSD is all of $250 Australian dollars ($220 on newegg). A 240GB 2.5" drive is indeed $500, but I couldn't find an $1100 drive (my local may just not stock them). Regardless, you're intentionally picking the worst possible case to make your point. What about this situation: The bottom end mac pro comes with a 250GB drive (and you can't get a 500GB one). Upgrading to a 500GB drive costs less than $100 for the parts if you buy your own drive ($89 near me). Or 750GB/1TB for $115/$185? That's a decent upgrade for you computer, and it's not ridiculously expensive like you make out. I don't have a problem with countermeasures like water sensors, but to defend them by saying things like "what's the problem with buying a special screwdriver since anyone who's going to do so is going to install the most expensive SSD they can possibly find!" is just straight out apologism. It prevent John and Jane Doe from just picking up a common screwdriver of the types that people generally have lying around and opening the gadget. Techy types who know can hunt these things down, but it's to stop the casual users (ie: Apple's targeted market slice) from opening the units. If they were a company that sold equipment to R&D labs only, they would have used common fasterners.