Stupid requirement that does nothing but discourage the use of other related MS services --- the ones MS actually earns money from. Your vote don't matter --- in half the cases. Half the states are already decided with near certainty. California is voting for the Democratice candidate, South Carolina is voting for the Republican. If you vote for or against the pre-determined candidates in these "one party" states --- your vote don't matter. The only case where your vote might matter is in a swing state. The really amazing (and illogical) thing would be if more than 50% voted. I'm not arguing against all voting. Just pointing why it doesn't matter in a lot of cases. In the cases where it does matter, vote. Google killed Mozilla --- by lulling them to sleep with the promise of easy money --- all while they worked hard to position themselves to take over their market share. Now the easy money is history, and so is their market. They're both "magic fairy dust". Melding code and data into an "object" is a natural thing to do --- in some cases. In others, it creates more problems than it solves. Similar holds true for functional programming. Bottom line --- there is no universal "right way" to develop software. LOL! Did the AI hire a patent attorney to file the application? Maybe the AI would like to sue the patent office to overturn this decision? What was that? Don't be absurd? My point exactly! Open source is only free if your time has no value. Just use Brave. It is more widely compatible with similar if not better privacy. ...if a person's skill can be validated... Just as important as skill is productivity. And both are more difficult to access remotely. Credentials have limited substance in the US labor market. In India they have even less --- in my experience. There is no way to sugar coat this --- India has a credibility deficit in my opinion which translates into additional management oversight required. Because at this stage of the game, "artificial intelligence" is still an oxymoron . It's really just a database developed through trial and error (aka "training") that we "hope" contains enough differentiating data points to produce a reasonable, weighted "best guess". I really think your approach is kinda inside out. The real question is, what are companies in India willing to do to gain credibility? Assembling a "warm body shop" doesn't add much. Pick a problem space to specialize in, assemble a competent team and develop an open source app for it. Then use this as "proof of work" for marketing purposes. You undoubtedly know Indian culture better than me --- what do you think is the most likely response to this sort of selection process? No one understands Indian culture better than Indians. I'm sure the marketplace will reward you with all that you earn and deserve. Best of luck and we'll see you out there. "Open source" is primarily a coding phenomenon. But an operating system is about more than just code. It is the central component of a computing ecosystem. And producing a viable, productive ecosystem requires much more than just open source code. It requires design, implementation, incentive and marketing. If code was all that was needed, Linux distros should be dominate by now. Instead, after 30 years of effort by some of the best and brightest and billions of lines of code later and the result is --- a big yawn from the general computing public. But, but, but Android. Well, Android isn't totally "open source" now is it? Key pieces of the ecosystem are not really "open" at all. And these key nuggets capture the incentive that propels the design, implementation and marketing forward. Bottom line --- it takes more than an engine to produce a best selling car. And likewise, it takes more than charity, good intentions, free labor and open source to produce a truly viable and popular operating system. My answer should be obvious. They are using what they feel best addresses their overall needs. And like the general computing public, their needs extend beyond the availability of source code. Haiku looks like an interesting project. I like the concept and the consistent design, but ... it is still missing one critical feature ... a viable business model. Linux is an example of what to expect without this critical piece. Decades of manhours from some of the best and brightest, millions of lines of code ... and a miniscule marketshare on the desktop. Yes, I know. Linux is most successful where only a shell interface is required. But this is not what Haiku is about. Haiku lacks a lot of features the Linux kernel has, but the overall system architecture and design is significantly cleaner and less fundamentally fragile. Yes, absolutely, spot on. But an OS does not exist on it's own. I'm afraid it will all be for naught unless you (or someone) has a viable business model to push the surrounding ecosystem forward. Dedicated, embedded, custom made, single purpose GUIs where the OS is buried so deep that most users will never find it. Again, not what Haiku is about. Small but still significantly more popular and vibrant on the desktop than Linux --- due to it's business model. It doesn't need one --- as long as it only aspires to be another hobbyist OS with a miniscule desktop user base. Linux was a starting point --- that it's gone well beyond, Please stop moving goalposts. I think we need to re-examine the playing field here. Correct me if I'm wrong but Haiku appears aimed strictly at the desktop as a general purpose OS. Cellphones, servers and embedded systems are all out of it's league --- and thus the success of Linux in these areas is not really relevant to the topic at hand. ...AFAIK would be more than 30M users. I would presume these are more technical users --- with a strong preference for open source. Does this sound like who your product is for? It is all about identifying your target market/audience. I thought DuckDuckGo was the working antidote to Google. It's hard to imagine what they can provide that will justify $10 a month. Just say "no" to Apple --- as most people already do. They have their captives, fans and "subscribers" but for most, their approach is a non-starter and has been for at least the last decade. I would simply call it deflecting responsibility. The question is too vague for a specific answer. For starters, how much do have to spend? 1) It's less likely to be abandoned. Flawed assumption. A $10 monthly fee may severely limit it's use --- and the less it is used, the more likely it is to be abandoned. Personally, I think a $10 annual fee would be more reasonable but finding the magic sweetspot between users and dollars is a market research topic. It's simply not realistic to expect highly accurate facial recognition from public surveillance cameras. Resolution is often lacking, angles are distorted, illumination is poor, people are moving, features are hidden or blurred, people wear hats, etc., etc.. Mug shots, maybe. Frame grabs from public surveillance, not very likely. So you want to grow a community of software developers? Or a community of software users? A "community" needs a place to congregate and communicate --- like Hacker News --- which you have obviously already discovered. Build a web site to host and dispense your content and post links to it here. There aren't many web sites tbat allow you to do this as freely and openly as here. Or you could build your own alternative. Take a look at dev.lemmy.ml Really, this all boils down to the age-old question of "buy versus build". The only way to completely control every aspect of your computing ecosystem is to build your own. Open source offers a convenient starting point but there is still a lot of work to be done to produce and maintain a fully comparable, equally integrated ecosystem. In other words, cost and compatibility are the typical sticking points to rolling your own. Do the benefits justify the expense? This is the ultimate value judgment to be answered. If nothing less than full control is acceptable, the answer should be obvious. The GPL is a system of perfect logic built on the foundation of a few flawed assumptions. Flawed assumption #1: Others will or can be compelled to share their code. Flawed assumption #2: Software is more or less independent of hardware. China has no real interest in sharing with the west and there is no legal system to compel them to do so. Software is a lot easier to produce than hardware. This gives hardware vendors (i.e. China) the upper hand in controlling the marketplace. For an example, see Android. Have you ever tried to replace or update the software on your phone without the hardware vendors input? It's not easy because the hardware vendor has control and no interest in allowing it. And they could easily make it all but impossible if it suited them. In other words, open source system software exists mostly to the extent that hardware vendors choose to allow it. Just because the PC platform has traditionally been fairly "open" doesn't mean it will always continue. In the history of computing, this is actually more of an aberration. If China decided to sell low cost closed hardware boxes with some proprietary variant of Linux, there isn't much Open Source could do about it --- which is exactly what we have here. "Why the ads" is not relevant enough to justify spending my time trying to figure it out. Just block ads and tracking in general and Google in particular. If DuckDuckGo can operate successfully without tracking, Google and their cling-ons can too. Figuring out how and why --- that's their problem, not mine. Google is mainly an annoyance, kind of like a parasite. If Google shut down tomorrow, any significant loss of functionality could be easily overcome by the end of the day for most people. The fingerprint is a hash of the visitors IP, User-Agent and a salt. So the fingerprint is not unique for vistors from a corporate network behind a NAT router where multiple individuals share the same public IP and use the same corporate mandated browser. In these cases, it's back to cookies --- unless you don't really care if your analytics are faulty or not. Or maybe just stick with cookies since it works in almost every case. It is difficult to build/create something you don't understand. A computer is just a playback machine for binary logic. We know that "intelligence" can create binary logic. We don't know if binary logic can create "intelligence". Claims that it is possible are really more "religious" than scientific at this point. All purely binary logic. It can't be anything more --- this is all the hardware understands. Life in general and your brain in particular may very well be more than "just chemistry". We really don't know. What we do know at this point is that no amount of "just chemistry" has ever managed to create even the most rudimentary form of "life" from inert chemicals. And the only working models we have for "intelligence" at this point are inextricably bound to life. Someone won an award for mathematically proving that a simple general purpose computer could be built from a handful of color coded wooden switches powered by a hand crank and programmed by punched tape. This simple analog device could run any possible binary logic program that could ever be created --- albeit much slower than a modern digital computer. In other words, this rudimentary analog logic playback device is every bit as "smart" as any other binary logic computer will ever be --- which is to say, not at all. There is quite a bit of evidence that your brain is analog, not digital. There is lots of evidence that it is both chemical and electrical in nature And while it is capable of logic, it does not rely strictly on any specific form of logic. In other words, the only working models we have for "intelligence" are nothing like the silicon binary switches we are attempting to use to replicate it. Are you suggesting life is supernaturally sustained? No. I am simply suggesting that creating life (and intelligence) from inert materals may involve more than "just chemistry". In the same way that lead can not be turned into gold by "just chemistry". I welcome knowledge and proof to the contrary but thus far, there is none. Nice straw man. A computer is not just a playback machine like a mechanical loom. What is it then? Magic? The fact that you don't understand how it works doesn't make it magical. Every program ever written for your desktop computer was ultimately "compiled" into a long series of simple binary logic operations that your computer blindly repeats at very high speed. For every set of inputs, it recreates the same output --- kinda like a loom mechanically weaves a particular pattern at high speed once it has been "programmed" using a set of punch cards not unlike those once used to program computers. No. It is not necessarily a claim that it can't be crossed, it is a claim that we currently lack the knowledge and resources needed to cross it. We haven't figured out how to travel faster than the speed of light. That doesn't necessarily mean it can't be done. But we currently lack the knowledge and resources needed to do it. Stating that it has yet to be done is a fact --- and facts are not ignorance What sort of discovery would count as "proof" to you? The ultimate proof is actually doing it. Start with nothing but inert materials and produce a new, unique form of living organism using "just chemistry". I'm not saying it can't be done, I am saying that thus far, it hasn't been done. And the reason it hasn't been done might be because "just chemistry" is an overly simplistic description of what is needed to actually achieve it. But feel free to prove me wrong. The only deeper point is that labeling it "just chemistry" may be a gross over simplification of what is required to actually achieve it. Dynamic = Binary Logic By it's nature, binary logic is "dynamic". A computer is just a playback machine for binary logic. Stating that it is "just chemistry" has no implications on whether it can be done, which was the claim being made. The fact that it has not been done with "just chemistry" is no proof but it does tend to skew the probabilities toward the view that substantially more may be required. What a gaudy abomination! A big part of it's functionality appears to be distracting the driver --- and impressing the boomers next door. Take most of the screen away, leave the bare essentials needed to successfully and safely operate the vehicle --- and then if you have additional pertinent info for the driver, convey it audibly or verbally. Just my opinion.