It's about the negative externalities of engagement optimization. No, the children will be commodified. It's systems-level thinking applied to people. Reader beware though, once you start down this path, you can become adept at spotting this pattern emerge in many other human systems. It depends. Left and right is as real as any social construction. Like many social constructions it shares common features: It's hegemonic. It's the basis for identity. It's socially reproduced. It's used as a wedge by elites to maintain power. Substitute politics, race, gender, nationalism, etc. Same pattern. Despite it being socially constructed, there are still real material disadvantages when people don't conform. The choice between putting food on the table or non-conformity is real. I'm missing something here. I could create a coded message that required apeace to decipher. That doesn't necessarily mean that I'm you. Thank you for pointing it out bluntly. For people like me, it does help to read the unwritten rules. I'll let my naivete lead me to learning something new. Wouldn't 50%+1 attacks still be a concern? We might have different ideas about what social reproduction means. I believe social reproduction occurs every time a social interaction occurs which reenforces social norms through social accountability. How many children people are having is more of a sexual reproduction topic to me. If any restriction is intolerable then what remains? It's a form of operationalization and that's a valid critique. My hope would be that there are some studies on the validity of the technique. That being said, there's probably better ways. Additionally, I'd find it fun to riff on ways to make it better that have the same time/budget constraints as the original. Not sure, I follow. That doesn't make any sense. He argues for ZoomWorld, so his mileage may vary. Sure, but take it a step further and analyze it. Does Instagram, knowing this information, have any obligations when making choices that affect teen's mental health? Would making choices which negatively affect teen's mental health be an ethical action? One such choice could be segmenting user's by mental health for the purpose of advertisement. Is such a segmentation ethical? What if doing so increases Instagram's profit (say for example teens who struggle are more susceptible to ads), does that change your answer? Should that change Instagram's answer? My point is that we are capable and obliged to dive deeply into these questions. 22% of teens[p24] of a total 22M teens(DAU)[1] are negatively affected by Instagram. This is 4.1 million people - not a small number. By stopping short and simply saying teens are twice as likely to benefit than suffer ignores the 4.1 million teens who are suffering. I'm not sure they take much solace that 8.2 million feel better off. [1] https://www.wsj.com/articles/facebook-knows-instagram-is-tox... Lack of evidence is not the issue. A more fruitful line of questioning is starting with "What function do courts server and for whom?" Not much to critique, though it would have been nice to see the author outline the hegemonic nature of the idea that competition between individuals is the natural state of the world. What a strange way of looking at the world. When did you choose to have that perspective and why? Hmm, I always thought conformity-culture was the cause of social accountability of outliers. My go to example for this is the highly individual valuing, yet Patagonia vest wearing finance bros. Conformity without collectivism. It's a thing and it's much more insidious than the collectivism-conformity script we got growing up. A similar grounding exercise[1] I like is saying out loud: 5 things I can see, 4 things I can touch, 3 things I can hear, 2 things I can smell, and 1 thing I can taste. It takes just a minute to complete and consistently works. [1] https://copingskillsforkids.com/blog/2016/4/27/coping-skill-... One way to understand this would be to ask people in the form of a question. Dear HN people who form this category, why do you demonize big tech while supporting unions who have killed rivals? I can't help but laugh because your last line perfectly describes inheritance, a practice whose abolishment was demanded in The Communist Manifesto. I don't like this pattern in calls to action. The pattern starts with an implicit hopelessness of affecting any external change and results in all responsibility being assumed by the individual. This is an antipattern of change. It does not need to be perpetuated because it reproduces the permanence of the constructs we want to dismantle. Even more importantly, these entities are fully aware of this and craftily guide the masses toward individual responsibility as a default, knowing that it won't affect real change. The antidote to this is critical collective action which realizes the impossibly of change as itself an impossible stance to take. Of course not. We both agree that organizing doesn't appear out of nowhere and that it takes real work to mobilize people. The call to action of installing adblockers in this particular case makes people feel like they are taking real action, but it's equivalent to "hope and prayers" and that doesn't work either. My point is that "If you can't stop Facebook snooping" is a self-limiting assumption. Of course we can stop Facebook from snooping. Facebook's ability to snoop relies on the social, political, legal, and economic assumptions all of which are constructed by people and therefore aren't immutable constants. Our progress toward changing that is realizing that all of these things are things we made and therefore can change. You can absolutely get rid of the legal concept of capital. It's supported and encoded by a set of laws. Delete the laws. Whether or not this is the best approach is up for debate. Of course, the legal code is simply an artifact in the construction of capital, but by no means sufficient to its existence. I'll go even further and throw in the idea that human tribalism is innate is itself also a construction that can be dismantled. > I'm baffled trying to figure which specific laws could be removed to delete capital from our society. Sounds like a fantastic project filled with economic, sociological, political, and ontological questions. What's the space of categorizations and which categorizations have the most compelling explanatory power? As an example, here's a statement[1] in the tax code which defines "capital asset." Enjoy! [1] https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/26/1221#a I'm curious how much time you're spent "doing monads" compared to reading about monads. The reason that I bring this up is that monads didn't click for me until I had hands on experience with a few different monad instances and could see the abstraction take shape in different ways. If that doesn't apply to you, that's ok too. It's fun to understand other people's methods of conceptualization. That's an interesting narrative framing. I'm reading Berger[1] at the moment and of course the social reproduction of knowledge is a component of the work. Pg. 76-77(in the linked copy) parallel your description of this process though on a longer timescale. In social media spaces, the playfulness and joking nature of the progenitors, becomes habituated, and eventually institutionalized over time. What's surprising is the speed at which this happens. In Berger's conceptualization is that this happens over the course of lifetimes, while in the social media space, this happens over the course of months. My final point is that this is the reason why "jokes"[2] are insidious. They will attract people who earnestly believe they aren't just jokes which normalizes harassment. [1] The Social Construction of Reality. Berger, Peter http://perflensburg.se/Berger%20social-construction-of-reali... [2] A specific kind of harassment designed to habituate abuse while also taking advantage of plausible deniability by ostensibly also being a "joke". It's definitely possible you've already done monadic things in code. If it's any consolation, I would not have ever been able to grasp monads by reading tutorials alone and the monad laws are simply too abstract for me to have envision a concrete usage. I learned without touching Haskell at all and it's my opinion is that Scala + Cats is a much easier onramp to monads than Haskell. You sound like a kind and curious person. If you ever want a one-on-one walkthrough please reach out to me (email in bio). Everyone deserves the chance to understand something if they want to. That's how I describe it too: Potemkin Retail. The elders don't like the other comparisons that we make to being lucky that there are at least bread lines. That means the store has bread that day. Your ethics are my opportunity. Bruce's Beach is another example that's easy to reach for. For anyone to assume that this hasn't happened is to admit to not studying history. The consulting and training industry captured the c-suite mindshare and sold process over people. Joe has every incentive to convince other people to minimize paternity leave. Morality is for the working class. Read Berger(1966). This is reification in it's most basic form. Weird comment. Why lead with a false dichotomy and then slide into everything is a gray area? Maybe pick an example and go with that? It isn't a trade off. That's the falseness of setting it up as two mutually exclusive and exhaustive choices. There are better ways to make a point than hyperbole. My backburner project of providing Clojure bindings to React running in GraalJS has gotten to the point where it technically works, but I'm not sure if the marshalling overhead is worth it. It's been fun pairing it to a terminal emulator and writing a blessed-like[1] using Clojure though. [1] blessed - https://github.com/chjj/blessed Umm, the right to be free from slavery. I'm saying freedom from slavery was an increase in freedom and a greater good. That's the point. A net increase in both. That's why it's a false dichotomy. > Ml based systems will always make errors Sure, but error should be randomly distributed. This is stats 101. Any decent ML practitioner will check for this before releasing a model. Great seeing this here. Papermill has been part of our datascience CI/CD process for the last couple years. It's been a solid building block and it was fun getting our notebooks building in Github Actions. I believe we're mostly in agreement. What's not acceptable to me is using "All models are wrong" to imply that it's ok to not understand ways in which they wrong, to be willfully ignorant of their failures, or to devalue transparency. As a professional and practitioner, I have to a responsibility to engage in transparency and honesty when I deliver a model. Part of that is understanding and designing failure modes. That's simply good engineering. Donating with stipulations is such a weird thing to do. Either you trust the acceptor, or you find someone else to donate to. Why give money to someone if you don't trust them to use it wisely? Also mixed in with strawman. > Exaggerating (sometimes grossly exaggerating) an opponent's argument, then attacking this exaggerated version. The claim in this case being, "residents should have reasonable access to sunlight in their rooms." And the exaggeration being penthouses. I agree with it being common. However, I can't stop referring back to http://paulgraham.com/donate.html I'm simply not convinced that cancellations of mild controversiality represent a significant proportion of total cancellations without evidence. São Paulo's been living it for 14 years. I'd love to hear from residents how they feel about it too. In agreement. Far too many "debaters" do not acknowledge this truth. Identifying a problem and proposing a solution are two different things. I get that actionable statements are appreciated, but they aren't a requirement. Conflating the two rhetorically sophomoric. Another way of putting this is the burden of proof to also provide on a solution is not on the problem identifier. Asking as much is implicitly making the argument that the problem doesn't exist because the solution doesn't yet exist. We can all agree how absurd that is. A lot of us actually mean capitalism because we believe that the incentives it creates are inherently baked into its structure. For example, the construction of capital markets inevitably lead to labor exploitation through a natural series of actions and reactions. That's anti-capitalism 101. Anyone who has worked at a heavily funded startup knows this. They may not have the words for it, or they may even like it, but they cannot deny that the situation creates the incentives. I really wish I could, but this is essentially asking for a distillation of Capital Vol 1 in a Hacker News comment. If this is something you're interested in, I encourage you to read it from the source. It spells out exactly this. If that doesn't quite suit you, feel free to reach out (email in profile) and I'm sure we could find a way to convey this conversationally.