You're not dealing with big corporates or government. If you are, you're not doing so in a way that the budget weenies notice you. Big orgs are consolidating, and part of that consolidation is cutting off the ability of "rogue" business units to contract with any vendor who isn't on a select list. (And the vendors on the select list are under orders to rat out rogue initiatives to corporate HQ) Survival for small business folks stuck in this world is becoming a "partner" for IBM, Cisco/EMC/VMWare, Microsoft, HP, Deloitte, etc. A healthy skepticism of placing recording microphones on street corners all over a community is a natural reaction to an egregious abuse of civil liberties. It probably doesn't mean much to you, because you're probably white, and probably live in a "good" neighborhood. So this won't affect you. The slippery slope is already iced -- the systems are already being used to record conversations. But I guess that's ok, since it's just affecting those people on the wrong side of the tracks. One of the primary business activities of street gangs are selling drugs smuggled in from Latin America. Do you really think that it's a stretch for them to import illegal gun accessories? US Attorneys (Federal prosecutors) are appointed by the President for 4 year terms. Local State's Attorneys or District Attorneys are usually elected. If a case is primarily being handled by the FBI, it's generally a Federal case being handled by a US Attorney. Am I missing something here? This sounds alot like IMS. Hierarchical databases have been around for a long, long time. The concepts look similar to some ancient legacy system that I worked on a decade ago. Doesn't sound incredibly novel. It's amazing to me that anyone is actually arguing that RAID negates the need for backup. That is just dumb. If I ever heard an SA working for me advocate that position, I would probably get them off of my team ASAP. I think these sorts of phenomena are a direct result of the merger & consolidations that seem to be inevitable as technology moves on. If you think about it, there is a shockingly small number of people who know how to do things critical to society. How do you make a car axle? Sew complex stitching on an industrial scale? Build a CPU? In my city, you can correlate street trees with bad or declining neighborhoods. Absentee landlords see trees as a nuisance -- you need to rake leaves in the fall, and they generally believe that the roots will block up sewers, etc. I doubt the talent behind meebo is worth $200M. I'd say that it's more a bailout of the investors. This sort of thing (certificate compromise) has happened with open source projects as well. The downside of trusting certificates is that you're abstracting trust to a point that you (where you == the IT industry) stops questioning who can do what. You trust something absolutely, but that trust is based on lots of people whom you don't know doing the right thing without making mistakes. People find their place in the world. I cannot imagine being dyslexic or unable to empathize with people. It's inspiring that people can turn those "handicaps" into competitive advantages. While the comment wasn't very sensitive, it also happens to be true. Our society tries to build a support structure around folks to enable them to reach their potential. Sometimes we're successful, other times we're not successful. In the past, unless your family was able to help you find a place, folks with mental problems were basically discarded by society. AirBNB isn't illegal -- it's analogous to the "personal services" sections in newspapers that are almost certainly including advertisements for prostitution. The problem is, the people renting out their rooms on AirBNB are in many cases violating local law, lease terms or insurance contracts. They're also in moral hazard -- they are paying for homeowners/renters insurance while running a roominghouse. AirBNB's legal position has to be "buyer (ie. landlord) beware". But their marketing position is that it's easy to cover your expenses by renting out your apartment. That paradox is a variation of Napster's old "people are just sharing music like they always have" line. The issue isn't that an unconventional pattern is illegal. The issue is that the risk models of residential mortgages, many apartment leases and insurance are designed for people living in a home. That distinction is important, because people generally treat their home with more care. And insurance/mortgages are priced accordingly. An apartment tenant generally doesn't leave the door open or unlocked -- they don't want their stuff to be stolen or destroyed. But a hotel guest or AirBNB renter has no skin in the game. Have you ever worked at a hotel? People routinely leave patio doors open or prop entry doors when they leave the room. NYC is a very tenant-friendly environment. It's critical to the landlord to have it on the record that he was running a pseudo-roominghouse out of his apartment in order to evict him later. Otherwise, you get held up in housing court. It's a complicated issue. Since the government started de-regulating many agricultural practices and allowing for the patenting of organisms, argribusiness intensely lobbies Congress to the point that they control agricultural policy. http://www.cbsnews.com/2100-18563_162-4048288.html Basically, the genetics of modified crops are patented. So if the wind carries corn pollen from your neighbor's farm to your organic cornfield, your crop will pick up some patented genetic characteristics. Then Monsanto's people come and sue you for using their intellectual property. Monsanto also acts to squelch competition. They purchased companies that make specialized equipment designed to clean and prepare non-hybrid seeds for storage, and shut down manufacturing. They also send people out to buy up old equipment used for seed cleaning, and if you are found have infringed on Monsanto's intellectual property, they'll have the court seize your seed-cleaning equipment. Nobody is killing themselves because you're being subsidized by the American taxpayer to grow lots of corn. Monsanto is a nasty corporation, but their nastiness is fueled by government policy that allows them to leverage patents and practices to make a commodity product like corn as profitable to them as pharmaceuticals are to Genentech or AstraZenica. It's great for you now, and results in cheap food prices for the consumer. But there are dangerous long-term social (ie. lots of obese people fattened up by artificially cheap and ubiquitous corn-derived sugar), biological and economic consequences I don't know that HFCS is "bad" vs. cane sugar. My only dig here is that generally speaking, eating alot of calories makes you gain weight. The US government decided at one time that lowering the cost of food proportionally would increase overall prosperity by giving consumers more buying power. The unintended side effect of that policy is that heavily sweetened prepared foods are now cheap and ingrained into culture. "Liking" a nation does not preclude other nations from spying on them. I'm sure the US and Israel spy on each other. It's not too bad, as long as you own appropriate suits. If you wear a heavy wool suit in August in NYC, you'll be a sweaty mes. If you wear an appropriate summer weight suit, you'll be ok. Men don't appreciate the uniformity of male bodies. (basically: skinny, average, athletic (bigger chest), portly (bigger gut) ) For women, there are many more variables, and each vendor cuts clothing differently. A guy with Timoni's tastes following this strategy would just buy a hoodie, shirts and pants from the Gap. Done. For a girl, having had a kid might mean that Gap skirt doesn't fit anymore. Or the shirt is meant for a bigger/smaller bust, etc. Usually people distinguish a cult from a mainstream religion based on the level of control that the movement exerts over its members. It's absolutely a grey line. Keep in mind that branches of mainstream religions sometimes go off in cultish directions -- often focusing on a charismatic figure. The problem with the Euro is the moral hazard that it creates. People in the "PIGS" countries were able to borrow and spend based on the credit of more robust economies such as Germany. So now, the people in these countries will be suffering for years under devaluation or austerity, but the rich who were the biggest beneficiaries of the bubble are completely safe, with their fortunes migrated to strong German banks with the click of a mouse. The Germans and northern Europeans are culpable in this -- they essentially co-signed billions of loans to countries like Greece that lack the governance ability to function with a German credit line. There obviously is a better way, because competitors in this segment do a better job. TripAdvisor immediately comes to mind for restaurants. It's pretty well known that Yelp is a joke -- wasn't the #1 restaurant in San Francisco some hole in the wall taco place a few months back? That practice sounds like a great way to get sued. You're being fed the government story re: leaks. They are leaking because the administration wants to be able to technically deny that it happened and avoid deeper questioning in public. At the same time, they get to control the timing, tempo and content of reporting in the mainstream press. From the Sanger story: "...according to participants in the program." "...based on interviews over the past 18 months with current and former American, European and Israeli officials involved in the program, as well as a range of outside experts. None would allow their names to be used because the effort remains highly classified, and parts of it continue to this day." "...according to participants in the many Situation Room meetings on Olympic Games" "Mr. Obama, according to officials in the room, asked a series of questions, fearful that the code could do damage outside the plant." "...the focus of attention, as one administration official put it, "has been overwhelmingly on one country."" Each one of these quotes indicates that an official senior enough in the US administration to be attending meetings on the topic with the President was willing to commit a serious crime by leaking this information to the press. Do you seriously think that a person crazy enough to leak secrets that would land him in prison would also take great pains to describe the President's deliberations on the topic as generously as this account does? We live in a free society, and Stallman is free to have an opinion, and to interpret things strictly or loosely. He is a fanatic or an extremist? Absolutely. But he continues to attract interest, and his contributions to society are real and significant. Society needs fanatics. We need someone to question that moral righteousness of things like copyright, or to set a boundary for the meaning of "open source". If he's personally difficult for Mr. Raymond to deal with, so what? How would the world improve if everyone sat around getting along with each other? Raymond's post is self-serving, and more about reminding us about how important he is while criticizing someone else. Santorum is a true believer. There's a difference between a leader who drinks the kool-aid, and a leader who mixes the kool-aid. Kool-aid drinkers by definition cannot set the agenda. It's satire. The government has the power of eminent domain, so they can just appropriate the property for it's market value. ($0) Car companies were late to the internet game the first time, and probably don't want to be left out again. Some car companies paid through the nose to domain squatters, others were unsuccessful (ie. nissan.com) You're not an idiot, you just like Apple and have enough money not to care about getting ripped off. This design decision has nothing to do with reducing "volume, weight and cost". It has everything to do with hosing the customer on memory, as that has been a very lucrative business on the iPad. iCal shipped in 2002. They made it ugly in 2011. I didn't level a slur at you, and as I said, I don't think that you're an idiot. Just wealthy. Before, you had the ability to go to the Apple store or website and have them "take care of" your memory woes at point of purchase. They charge like $500 for an $100 memory stick. Most people call paying 5x more for a commodity product "a ripoff". .com addresses would be owned by "the Shack", and you would have to enter your zipcode before visiting a .com site. HP would have announced the retirement of .net after the Compaq merger, and then change their minds. EMC would raise the price of .org domains to $10,000/year, but you wouldn't be able to actually assign IP addresses until the next release. Keep in mind that Perl4 was the first "big" version of Perl, available in 1991 with the publication of the camel book. When this was written companies were advertising "Cut and Paste" as a big feature for word processors. I think that statement only makes sense if people who live longer also have higher fertility rates. No, they are targeting consumers who call their "bank". The service life of modern computers is more than 3 years. So instead of buying a 16GB memory upgrade for $29 in 2015 to rejuvenate your laptop, you're looking at buying another $2,000 device. (Assuming that Apple doesn't decide that you only need an iPad 8) Average refresh cycle has historically been around 3 years. Today, most businesses are pushing to 4 for laptops, 6 for desktops. Normal people tend to upgrade when the batteries become untenable to deal with. An 18 month lifecycle for Apple kit is indicative that you spend between 3-6x than the average. I guess it depends on the story. If HN is supposed to be about startup culture and technology, the anecdote is essential to being vibrant. What is a startup if not a story whose premise is unproven? Now if you're telling me that your sister stuck a magnet in her ear and cured her cancer, I'm not going to give that credence without some real data. Most things on HN are not that, and a good story often compels us to think. So FWIW, I'm not downvoting contrarians, and I'm not downvoting anecdotes for being anecdotes. Not an EE, but I've observed a few things about electrical infrastructure: - The work is usually done by outside contractors, working off of specifications that may or may not make sense. - Some aspects of testing have the potential to be dangerous to the people doing them. (ie. if network switch fails in testings, no big deal. If some types of electrical switch break during testing, the tester is dead.) High voltage electricity is not a toy. - IT and facilities staff usually don't talk much, and often don't understand each other when they do. - There's no instrumentation. I get an alert when IT systems aren't configured right. Nothing from the other stuff. - There is a wide variance in quality of electrical infrastructure that isn't obvious to someone who isn't skilled in that area. IT folks don't need to deal with computers built in 1970. Electricians deal with ancient stuff that may be completely borked all of the time. Absolutely. Apple's vision for tablet-computer integration is to dumb down the computer. Microsoft can't afford to do that. I like StackOverflow, and contribute heavily to one of the "other" Stack Exchange sites that is busy, but not enough to get out of perpetual beta. The problem that they have is that SO grew very quickly and developed a Usenet-style culture. That's good in that there is alot of good information out there, but bad in the sense that you get all of the assholish behavior that came with Usenet. The other problem that they have is the network of other sites, some of which are very good. The problem there is that they're scaling a model meant for 1,000,000 SO users down to 5,000 users, and it just isn't the same. On a smaller SE site, you cannot wrangle the 5 votes to close some nonsense question written in pidgin english. On SO, a question will be closed in seconds by the vigilantes who roam the site. What Apple did was remove all of the barriers that got in the way of a good tablet experience for individual consumers. In essence, they made the iPad an application platform instead of a general purpose computer. They combined that with their amazing manufacturing and engineering prowess and created a real winner. From my perspective, the iPad is a dumbed down device. I only have access to the underlying operating system via API, don't have an ability to directly access shared corporate resources that are interesting to me, and cannot run arbitrary software without alot of hassle. Dumbed-down devices are fine -- i own and love my iPad. But they're fine until you need to do something that the vendor doesn't want you to do, and Apple is a vendor who likes to define a single "one true path" to do many things. Sure, if you're in a transaction-oriented business where it's simple enough to keep the business in your head, you don't need employees. As things grow, the problem with contractors is that their stake is limited to their contract. Good employees have the best interest of the company in mind. The difference is that tens of thousands of business users used System 9. The Microsoft platform probably had hundreds of millions. There's almost no comparison. Open Directory is basically a ldap with MIT kerberos that can sort of integrate with AD. Most folks setup a hybrid (referred to as the "magic triangle") where you use AD for user auth and OD for computer policy stuff. It's not very robust, and Apple isn't exactly committed to the notion of server operating systems, so it doesn't get much love. You really need to buy a client app like ADmit Mac, or a server-side solution like Centrify to really work with Active Directory. AD itself is a really brilliant collection of software. Think of it as a fully integrated, smoothly operation bundle of LDAP, Kerberos and DNS -- it "just works". Coming from a Unix background, AD was amazing to me as there isn't any Unix equivalent at all, except maybe for the ancient NIS and NFS integrations. You get single sign on. Robust Access Controls. The ability to trust the identities of external organizations. A policy engine to do all sorts of management activities at various levels. Oh, and it allows you to easily build fault-tolerant deployments without much forethought. If you have a product that fits on a Gartner "magic quadrant", figure out what analyst writes it and get real friendly with that person. Otherwise, you need a way to sell to the Executive level folks (ie. sell like IBM and Oracle). If you operate in or have access to the social stratum of corporate bigwigs, use that. Otherwise, you can hire $$$ salesfolk who have that access, or target mid-level managers and play the procurement game. If you are interested in government... Find a lobbyist with a clue. I sold $350k-$1.2M / month when I worked at CompUSA in college (late 90s). I averaged $10/hr jan-september, about $18 november/december. I was usually ranked 3 out of 100 salespeople. The rest made $6.60/hr. I wasn't being exploited, and neither are the folks at the Apple store. In the US, you have protections if you have a union contract. Otherwise, you pretty much need to be considered a protected class (varies by state), and your sacking was related to your class status.