I agree with you in principle, but in practice, when I was visiting New York in July, I got much better results by using an external app rather than Google Maps. ("NYC Subway", I think it was called.) Specifically, Google's directions often had multiple transfers and didn't mention any alternate routes, whereas the app gave me the route with fewest transfers and showed all the other lines going there, in case you missed the first train. I think this is why Apple's plan to relegate public transport directions to external apps might be a good idea: there's no way a single company -- even one the size of even Google! -- can keep track of all the minutiae involved in planning routes for every public transport system around the world, whereas app makers can. Even today, every public transit system that I've been on has one or more apps, so I doubt uptake will be a problem. And with the new APIs in iOS6, it should be much easier to get directions via external apps, since they show up in a list right in the Maps app. Oh, and the app worked offline, which as you might know is mighty helpful in large parts of the subway. :) saurik, thank you so much for responding in this thread. Your answers are very insightful. In regards to 4, I've always assumed that to an extent, Apple tolerates jailbreakers and doesn't put as much effort as they could into fixing the exploits (unless they're critical, like the PDF one.) What do you think? Er, I don't think that's true at all. First of all, indies didn't used to do as many Mac ports before Steam for Mac/Humble Bundle. But aside from that, you have franchises like GTA, KotOR, Civilization, Assasin's Creed, and others. I think Steam for Mac definitely had an influence. One thing that I wish my undergrad CS degree taught me was how to manage and structure larger programs. It's a vast topic that I still have a lot of difficulty with two years into my career. If the world moves to touch computing, what's going to happen to PC gaming? Traditionally, PC gaming has been popular because PCs get used for many other things besides gaming. If most people switch to touch devices for their primary computers, will there still be enough people building gaming rigs for developers to care about that market? I'm sure the big console manufacturers would love nothing more than to move everyone over to consoles, but this would signal the downfall of indie games, certain kinds of first-person shooters, real-time strategy games, simulators, and many other genres. I would be devastated to see this happen. Corel Painter has paint mixing, but I don't know how it compares to Paper's approach. In order to avoid this problem, I bought one of these microSD "sticks" a couple of years ago: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002HGFKR8 . I also bought a miniature lobster claw hook ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003HFEQ3W ) to attach it to my keychain. It worked amazingly well: the stick never got lost because it attached to my keychain via the base instead of the cap, it was tiny enough to never get in my way, and the memory was upgradable to boot. On the downside, speeds were pretty slow and the microSD card occasionally got dislodged, but these were relatively minor issues for me when compared to the benefits. Unfortunately, it bit the dust a couple of months ago — wonder if there are any faster alternatives? Try this! Haven't been here in ages, but it looks like it still works: http://wla.berkeley.edu/ As a developer, the last point bothers me the most. Why can't I use my standard OS shortcuts with the command line?! It looks just like a text prompt, and yet it doesn't behave like one. (And I'm sorry, but bash shortcuts are ugly.) For me, at least, the dependency issue has been resolved with automatic build systems like MacPorts. It's been a while since I had to manually seek out the dependencies for a command line program by hand. Discoverability is very much an issue. I tried to figure out how to get ffmpeg to do something last night, and it took me hours. I find Google to be far more indispensable when using the command line than the man pages. Despite all these issues, I still find the command line invaluable. :) I'm a bit surprised that so many people NEED a dead-silent environment to concentrate on their work. Maybe it's because I grew up with a snoring dad, but I can completely tune out a crowd of people without breaking a sweat, while all my coworkers would go crazy without their headphones. Honest question: is this truly such a difficult skill to cultivate? You'd think it would be a whole lot more beneficial in the long run than investing in an expensive set of noise-cancelling equipment. But I don't know, maybe I'm just going deaf! I didn't realize Stallman was licensed under the GPL! I am skeptical. Piracy exists on iOS, yes, but my understanding is that legitimate users far outnumber jailbroken users. Maybe for the enterprise. What about home use? About a month ago, I had 4 drives scattered around the house, each in its own enclosure, and I wanted to consolidate them into one unit. Money was an issue, so I wanted to recycle as many of them as possible instead of buying new ones. A Synology NAS along with a single extra drive allowed me near-optimal use of space with 1-drive redundancy. Of course, I have weekly backups to an external drive, so even if the array fails during a drive swap, I'll still have all my important files. Any other solution would either require me to buy more drives (a significant expense at $100+ a pop), sacrifice redundancy, or build my own NAS with ZFS (which would have significant administration overhead, cost more, and be larger than my Synology unit). A PC video card with the same specs as a console video card will perform significantly slower. Console games are optimized on a very low, platform-specific level, which simply isn't feasible on PC. (Not to mention, console ports often have much poorer performance in general.) The HD4000 is actually pretty good for an integrated card and runs a lot of older games well, but it won't run many modern games even on low settings. I speak from experience on this. For some reason, if your PC is underspecced in the gaphics department, even going down to 640x480 and setting all the graphics settings to low won't make most modern games playable. I don't know why this is the case. This is really interesting, thank you. I haven't seen a lot of discussion about how traditional filmmaking techniques might need to be changed to work with HFR. I've always wanted to get into web design, but every time I read an article like this, I get scared. Sometimes it seems like the web is nothing but hacks piled on top of hacks... Have you heard of Scala? http://www.huygens-fokker.org/scala/ It's used to change around the default MIDI scale, so that you can play with early scales or even scales from other cultures. It's really cool if you get it working with your keyboard. Unfortunately, there's not a lot of software that supports it, although I think Logic Pro did at some point. You meant to type http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-specialists , right? But with 2D comments, there's rarely any actual discussion. It's mostly people stating their opinions and others individually responding to them. Looking at the demo page, I love how the threads are 1D, but you can still switch to direct replies if you just want to follow the sub-conversation. It's the best of both worlds. I've never worked with iCloud, so I'm curious: why do devs say that Dropbox is so much better than iCloud? From what I've seen, both work similarly in that they abstract out the cloud as part of the file system. Wouldn't you still have to resolve conflicts and do all that other dirty stuff if you use Dropbox? Edit: potatolicious has a pretty great explanation. It looks like it's mostly CoreData issues. But for those cases, Dropbox wouldn't do any better, right? Many famous composers and writers produced their finest works in their later years. Surely we can do the same! As a longtime gamer, I desparately fear the idea of a locked-down, touch-based, and endlessly monetizable future for my favorite hobby. What if the PC simply becomes unprofitable for major game releases because of the tablet market, ARM, or whatever else? What if gamers get used to touch controls and buttons become outmoded? What if the Facebook model of "social" games consumes every other genre? I can only hope that Newell's get-out-of-jail-free card will work as intended. If the desktop PC disappears for the average user, I wouldn't be surprised if even ports stopped getting released. Honestly, that kind of stuff is much closer to gambling than what I would consider gaming. I just really hope (though I'm probably wrong) that "social" games occupy their own niche and aren't pulling gamers away from more honest games. Yes, and not so great for others. Have you tried playing Batman: Arkham Asylum with a mouse/keyboard? Those combos are so much harder to pull off! What about 3D platformers, where analog movement is paramount? Racing games, where analog steering and acceleration really help? Nowadays, I find that I use my PC gamepad as often as my mouse/keyboard. For me, aside from Terminal, the biggest productivity boost in OSX is probably Spaces. I tried a few virtual desktop applications in Windows and all of them kind of sucked in comparison. I also love using the help search (Cmd+?, I think) to find menu items in more complex applications. Really miss that feature in Windows! I once saw a tomato tasting booth at a farmer's market with some 25 different varietals, and I'm sure there are hundreds of others just waiting to be grown. We don't need to science the solution. Apple devices? Not to the extent of keeping thousands of prisoners in Holocaust-like conditions, I think. I agree completely. 90% of the games that are currently on my iPhone were a) made by dev teams with 1-3 people, b) provide a unique and polished experience, and c) became known mainly based on community outreach. None of them are currently in the top rankings, but as far as I can tell they make enough money for the teams to get by. People keep talking about "hidden gems" on the App Store that failed to succeed despite having an excellent product, but so far, the only ones I've seen were either outright clones, failed to do any outreach at all, or had a poor business model. (Freemium with very little incentive to upgrade, for instance.) Sure, if you're a hundred-person company, you might need to resort to shady means to be profitable. But I don't think that's at all necessary to make money on the App Store. Yeah, we got similar advice when I was working at a social gaming startup. Apparently, it's not unheard of among growing, venture-funded companies like ours. I assure you, however, that the vast majority of the indie games that make the headlines (Super Hexagon, Hundreds, Letterpress, etc.) don't use these techniques. Unusable?! I've been using Chrome on my iPhone 4 for the past week and I haven't noticed a significant difference. One very notable example is Sword & Sworcery EP. The guys behind the game did a talk at GDC '12 about making games for niche audiences instead of stooping to the lowest common denominator, but I can't seem to find it. Simogo has made a couple of very unique and artful games, including last year's Mobile Game IGF winner Beat Sneak Bandit. It's notable that their games are premium priced ($3), but still have hundreds of reviews. Mika Mobile is a husband & wife team with a number of fantastic brawlers under their belts, including Battleheart and Zombieville USA 2. Tiger Style is (in their own words) a "distributed collective of independent game developers" that have most recently developed the award-winning exploration/space-gardening game Waking Mars. Jeff Minter releases a new iOS game what seems like every other week. (Though he once characterized it as "run[ning] frantically on the iOS treadmill".) Zach Gage has made a number of small, fairly popular games, including SpellTower and Bit Pilot. ("Net Gross for me is probably around ~110k for 3 years of work. but the profits would probably be quite a bit lower than that") ----- Notable recent failures include Punch Quest (F2P model didn't yield any income, so they switched to paid) and Gasketball (again, the F2P model they were using was too permissive). ----- So, not a perfect ecosystem, but not an abysmal wasteland either. Enough for the kooky hobbyists to get by as long as their products are top-notch and their business model makes sense. (At least that's how I see it.) I replied to the poster above you with examples, in case you're interested. Come to think of it, I felt the same way. Left the registration page up in the background while I worked on other stuff. Eventually came back and made an account. Others might not be so patient! I usually hate social logins, but I actually like the way SO does it because you can bind your account to multiple services. Now I no longer have to remember which specific one I picked. Man, I'd honestly find example 2 more stressful than example 1. Is pair programming really something that programmers find useful? Should I develop this skill more? I've barely had to do it at all at my jobs, and when I have, it was difficult for me because I couldn't get into my usual flow. Even with an extra pair of eyes and hands, I felt like I was working at 50% efficiency. I guess I should read up on concurrency. :) When you're picking out specific lines to commit, or selecting certain files out of a batch, or reading through a long diff, or doing any number of things that requires random access, GUI beats CLI by a long shot. Of course, GUI doesn't work so well when you need to do some of the more fiddly stuff. Which is why it's good to use both. :) Perhaps, but it's also one of the ugliest applications known to man! Personally, I tend to use GitX when I'm working on small projects, but Tower really is a great tool. Just FYI, there are a few branches that are better featured, but I don't remember their names right now. I recommend you seek them out instead of the plain GitX. The Magazine used to be subscription only. Now you can read one free article per month online: www.marco.org/2013/02/24/the-magazine-sharing I don't think it's a matter of insecurity. In the decades since vim was released, we've made drastic improvements in UX design that have made computing much more accessible and intuitive. (And we're still moving forward at a rapid rate — just look at the stuff that people like Bret Victor and Chris Granger doing!) And yet, so many programmers are adamant on sticking to 20th century editors and obscure key commands, even sometimes (sometimes!) at the expense of usability. I don't think it's particularly offensive to wonder why such old tools are still so popular, especially when for most people the thinking part of programming is what takes the most time. Additionally, your tools shouldn't define you as a programmer, and yet I often see people getting shamed for using an IDE instead of vim/emacs/whatever. 24. Even though we always had a computer at home, I never got into programming and spent most of my time playing games. (The learning curve was too steep, and besides, what could I possibly make that was better than the games I was playing?) Then when I got to college I majored in CS. Now I'm definitely interested in making games. :) In my opinion, the abundance of dynamic and interpreted languages, powerful tools, programmable hardware, and the internet make getting into programming WAY easier than it was before. An interesting contrast to this: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5219866 Whether or not this is a good solution (I haven't examined it closely yet), there are certainly a lot of problems with traditional Western notation. For example: you're limited to 12 pitches, you can't precisely represent bends, you can't precisely represent note lengths, many of the symbols are cryptic at first glance, some of the words don't get translated (tempo markings), some of the symbols are imprecise (again, tempo markings), it's annoying to write music in non-traditional modes, it's annoying to write music with syncopation, etc. Sure, this has worked fine for musicians over the past few centuries, but music has changed a lot since Mozart. I think Western notation could use a little rethinking, so I'm happy that someone is at least looking into it. I'm a new WordPress user. Are there any guides online with best practices that I can follow? (Some suggestions I see in this thread: rate-limiting plugin, don't have user id #1, don't have user "admin".) Well, with tempi, my main gripe isn't the exact BPM but rather the fact that you have to memorize all this obscure Italian (+ other?) terminology in order to understand what's going on. Why can't we have standard localized terms instead? As for exact note lengths, I mostly agree with you, except for certain pieces of modern music (EDM, for instance) where the meter is fairly rigid but the note lengths are off from the defaults. It would be nice to be able to represent that accurately. You can also have first-person games with no shooting at all, like Dear Esther or The Witness. There are lots of very simple toys that are popular on the App Store. (Of course, it's hard to tell which ones will make money ahead of time.) Super Hexagon combined with a typing tutor? Awesome! Love the animation, too.