Respectfully, what is the benefit to recording your notes and ideas on paper, and using paper at interviews, instead of using txt files in the dropbox folder of the always-connected smartphone in your pocket? The 'Pi itself is exciting, but more exciting will be seeing what everyone makes with them. I hope to read your posts about what you've built! Looking at the comments to their FAQ - http://www.raspberrypi.org/faqs#comment-3239 - reselling devices based on the Raspberry Pi is OK. Instead of just complaining about the problem, let's help ourselves to read it and support non-paywalling sources. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-02-20/32-000-year-old-pla... Not sure about the average investor, but some people believe the Google Chef contributed to their early days. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3223595 I'm used to upgrading processors and other components every 2 years or so. The nature of the physical device space we're entering means now we have to replace the screen and plastic case every 2 years as well. And the app can pop up on the Amazon market or other markets, not to mention that you can download and install .apk files directly to your Android. The apk you are looking for is One Bus Away. It does this for Seattle only. When I heard Reddit planning to build a low-orbit network, I realized they were going to build the "outernet". This is another stab in the same direction, and I would be surprised if the 2 forces didn't join. This airborne/orbital network, combined with the "innernet" TOR, will allow for the future of the unregulated internet. The original internet will become the walled garden that half of humanity wants to live within. Those of us in the other half will have our free innernet and outernet. HTC is adding the Beats DSP, Dropbox integration, a streaming music service, and LogMeIn remote phone access to Sense. I'm not a professional chef, I'm a sysadmin. Cooking isn't part of my job description. I don't want to be forced to eat food prepared by people who don't have food handlers' cards, and I don't want my coworkers to feel hurt because I don't want to eat what they cooked and left in their car. Want to improve morale and do teambuilding? Get a cater, or go somewhere for lunch. Are you proposing TPB creates an Android app to host their magnet links, from a phone attached to a Romotive, broadcasting wifi, powered by several means (induction, solar, etc)? The biggest issue I see is random hackers ordering a taco then putting a "TPB Transponder[1]" on several of these. The tacocopter then does double duty as an airborne server. [1] Theoretical easy-to-deploy Android or Raspberry Pi-sized wifi-broadcasting device, to broadcast TPB magnet links. "in fact, if someone else DOES stumble on it by accident, it should be considered de facto evidence that the patent isn't novel." You have industry support for this idea: “The idea that I can be presented with a problem, set out to logically solve it with the tools at hand, and wind up with a program that could not be legally used because someone else followed the same logical steps some years ago and filed for a patent on it is horrifying.” ― John Carmack I went paperless in college a few years ago. The most difficult part was transitioning - scanning mountains of documents and several books takes hours and days, even with a fast PC and very good scanner. College was an uphill battle to remain paperless, as classes bombard one with paper schoolwork, documentation, handouts, notes, etc. Since you aren't looking to completely remove paper from your life, it should be a much easier transition. You would rather nag and hassle your forgetful friends to pay you back, instead of sending them a little message with an easy-to-pay link? The window for Desktop Linux has closed. The age of the desktop is ending; smartphones and tablets satisfy the computing needs of many people, and more app markets and low-cost devices will only increase this. Non-paywalled article: http://mobile.seattletimes.com/story/today/2017878041 This sounds like typical business and economics in action. One company is selling a comparable product for less than their competitor. What's the story here? Piracy addicts are less likely to steal physical items which can be fenced to feed their piracy addiction. I was going to make this exact post. I realized that: 1. a lot of this is handled by APIs 2. we still have to deal with hardware issues, such as having the correct video driver and a correctly configured OS to play non-casual videogames. Some programs refuse to work with certain hardware, like Dungeon Master 2 not running with Creative sound cards. A troll or something near Mount Rainier: http://maps.google.com/maps?q=47.04299,-122.051239&hl=en... In the US, each state hosts its own lottery program. Mega Millions and Powerball are programs where states have teamed up to pool their resources and gambling markets. I've sold Washington State's "lotto" tickets, and you're entirely correct about the reliability of the system - if the device can't connect to servers in Olympia, tickets can't be sold. CCTV is up to the retailers here, though it's entirely possible that CCTV is a requirement to be an eligible lottery vendor. Who decides what religion is? Who decides what speech is? Who decides who the press are? Who determines peaceful assembly vs riotous mob behavior? Who determines the processes by which we can petition our government and the process' effectiveness? At best, these are all still grey areas we've been trying to nail down since before these words were written. Will he fight the conversion of ingame currency to real-world currency, or will he take the Second Life route? So exciting! Will players have to maintain multiple accounts just to remain competitive, as in EVE? Someone will have to make and sell a 16-bit "minesweeper" to play while mining. What will the first computer virus do? Will there be "actual" viruses? Can we convince Notch to let our characters get Space Flu? Can it please be "EVE-craft"? If it were just "Minecraft in space" on the EVE scope? Go mine iron to craft parts for your spaceship! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5_Whys Wholeheartedly agreed. We've gone from killing each other over hair and skin color, to arguing about them in committee. What would it take for the average i5 or i7 to virtualize a 16bit processor? Could it run on a separate thread from the main game? Could you run part of your MMO server work as a distributed-computing setup on client PCs? (but how would you get that working in real time?) Maybe the players that are online at a particular time could be doing some of the extra processing - the game client could run 1 or 2 extra 16-bit virtualizers in the background, along with the virtualizer for the player's own 16-bit cpu and the game thread. So 4 threads running on 4 separate cores. Open Signal Maps allows you to find your cell tower on a Google Map. I believe it gives you that information too. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.staircase3... This would be a good foreword to an introduction to computer messaging security, for those who are unaware of encryption or proxies. It may be too basic for most users of this site to find it useful. This article is very light on details; the list of the top 20, and the contributions that got Microsoft on the list, are not presented. The included video is a shiny animation on how contributing to a FOSS project works. The unhelpful answer is that this is an unfortunate possibility when building your business on top of another business. IANAL; have you looked down any legal avenues? Reminds me of the "Replicators" from Stargate SG1 - small modular blocks that magnetically join to form robots of varying size and ability. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Replicator_(Stargate) > "No car manufacturer may send a car without a seatbelt into the streets. And if this happens, the company will be held liable for any damage. These rules must also apply in the virtual world" she added. The difference here is who the law applies to. This is more like arresting people with the tools to remove airbags from cars. True, carrying lock-picking tools is illegal in many places, but the act of picking locks isn't always illegal when performed by a locksmith. Tablets and phones currently have very good passive touchscreens. The problem with using syluses (stylii?) is these touchscreens really weren't designed for them. Adding an active touchscreen would probably remediate these issues, but maybe that would make phones too big, and reduce battery life. Active styluses pick up and refocus radiation from the screen, powered in a similar way to RFID chips. Maybe instead of providing input through the touchscreen, the stylus could have a tiny digital camera on its tip, detecting which pixel the stylus is on, and sending that info to the phone through Bluetooth or another means? Perhaps the algorithms that handle touchscreen input are not properly calibrated to styluses, and an app or driver could make them operate more accurately? ------- The best stylus experience I've used has been a Wacom dual active/passive screen on an HP tablet/laptop convertible. I had a nearly identical laptop with a passive-only touchscreen, adding the active touchscreen made all of the difference. On Windows 7 in Word, taking notes in economics and college math courses worked pretty well - I could type and take notes, then draw equations and graphs directly with the ink and review tools in Word. The use case was so valuable to me that I'm surprised nobody else did this, and other Office suites don't seem to offer anything even remotely similar. You're in a rough spot in your life. You have my sympathies. Your situation won't change overnight, but you can begin by finding a low-skill job that will pay for your basic needs (food and shelter) while you use free internet in libraries or from neighbors to put your code on github and other places. If you enjoy coding, start creating projects. Then start completing projects. Consider one of the million "fart" apps: the app itself is far from glamorous, but the person who wrote it has gained experience in (1) writing an app, (2) completing an app, (3) getting the app into an app market. If you keep doing that, and have 5-20 apps on a market, even if none of them are very popular, it looks a LOT like experience. IANAL, but it sounds like Facebook's own TOS require them to close the account of users who have given away their password, whether to an employer, spouse, friend, or anyone else. Obviously Facebook would be killing its' advertising profits with that course of action, given the number of accounts that would purportedly need to be closed. Asking for access to a prospective employee's Facebook seems like asking for access to their car trunk or their home bathroom. Why don't companies try this? Is your Facebook account your personal property? What about your information after you've placed it on Facebook? Yes, that is the money! The stylus looks exactly like the stylus from the HP tx2500 I owned. I don't actually know how large Wacom's technology is nor how much power it draws - I assumed phone manufacturers weren't including the best touchscreen technology for a good reason. Converting TOR packets into Skype-shaped UDP packets is an interesting idea. What does this do to latency? (isn't it a bad idea in general to run TCP over UDP?) Now that everyone will be eyeing Skype packets even more closely, which Internet services will TOR mimic next? It's good to see Notch working on the Little Coder problem, even if that's not his direct intention. :) The novelness lies in the lack of polish. People who work in advertising like ads, and well-polished ads are more pleasing to their eyes. To the rest of us, advertisements are used as something we don't want to see, but are willing to see, in order to see something we DO want to see. Many of us can pick out the disparity between the polished, targeted ads and the less-focused content it intersperses. Exactly. How much of your time is $10 worth? You can get 50gb a month for that. http://www.udel.edu/udaily/2012/apr/solar-reactor-040312.htm... "The reactor, which resembles a large cylinder, is comprised of layers of advanced, ultra-high temperature insulation and ceramic materials. It measures roughly 2 feet by 3 feet and weighs a hefty 1,750 pounds. The conical geometry of the reactor’ design uses gravity to feed zinc oxide powder (the reactant) into the system through 15 hoppers.." (From TFA) "...where it converts to a zinc vapor. At that point the vapor is reacted with water separately, which in turn produces hydrogen." (Linked article) "During testing, light concentrated to simulate the energy of 10,000 suns will be focused down into the reactor, sending the temperature within soaring to over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit, nearly one-third the temperature of the sun’s surface." ... One interesting feature of the reactor is that, in theory, the zinc oxide byproduct created during the reaction will be re-usable, making the project self-sustaining." This is a ceramic furnace as large as a washing machine, as heavy as a Honda Civic, that needs to be 6 times hotter inside than their home stove/oven/range, and the fuel (ZnO) is safe to eat in small quantities (breakfast cereal) but is toxic(?) to breathe. I'm having trouble seeing why it would take long for a startup to start baking the clay for one of these in every home. Exactly. Remember the 64kb video demos from 2004? http://www.theproduct.de/ While the goal of the project was to create a 100% renewable energy source based on sunlight, another energy source could probably be used. So the concern here is that crowdfunding sites will allow scammers to sell shares of nonexistant companies to average people? It sounds like the biggest worry is that us "average" earners (under 100k annual income or net worth) have never purchased corporate shares, and are more likely to get scammed. This is based on a report from the 1970s, and it assumes continued population growth. We've been watching our population growth decline for years, and now we're seeing human energy usage begin to decline as well from economies of energy efficiency. How would you feel about sleeping on a sunken bed, which would be under a removable section of floor during the day? The influence of the mainstream media is waning. All they do is gather information into a centralized location, editorialize, and distribute the information. How much longer will people listen to them instead of their friends on Twitter?