Doing an employee transfer to Canada is like playing a lotterey. My past employers had documents returned to them 4 times in a row for: 1. assumed type (s vs z); 2. unclear signature; 3. ESDC called them, but they missed the call; 4. person's passport was about to expire. The regulations never mentioned anything about this. The other interesting thing was omnipresent FTTT, even in rotting, century old barracks Most of business schools are a graveyards for talent IMNHO. I've heard many comments that are confirmed by my own experience that bright people enter business schools to spent few years of their life to learn very few useful skill, most of which can be learned in a month by reading "... for Dummies" style book. www.vansky.com =D But better fly to Shenzhen and go network around during property sale evenents It will be hard. Zurich only issued 17000 long term work permits last year as I remember. Most of that goes to science talent in big mncs like Ciba From my own experience, I tell you that you must. Work for a failed start-up is a black mark on a resume. It is better to quit and portray your work there as a short-term gig Another opportunity is Fribourg. IT companies there were historically more open to Eastern Europeans, but you should expect them to be high-tier outsourcing shops. Fiy, i recently came upon this company http://m.imgur.com/Hv9n7fk,55JgdgK that wants to sell ETH to Chinese. I checked the company registry, and found out that the guy has registered a proprietorship back in 2013. Apparently a friend of Vitalik >CockroachBD What a name NLP in Russian stands for "NeuroLinguistic Programming" (of gullible masses, of course) I began my career in a company called Yamin in Singapore that had a refurbished electronics business. At first, I was shocked that Americans can throw away 1 year old and even half year old goods in the dumpster. In 2.5, years time I managed to make enought money of my commission selling refurbished cellphones to Russia through Alibaba to move to Canada and enrol into college. I believe it was Apple who pressured Alibaba to prohibit listing of wholesale refurbished electronics. It would've been too unsetting for Apple's images as a luxury brand to let people realize that somebody remarkets truckloads of used ifones from dumpsters every day. Refurbished iPhones were a killer business: 1. A less than a year old phone with a defect (dumped by end users, Honhai, Apple's QC contractors) was sold for 20 to 30 USD; 2. Re-equiping a phone without charger, driver disk, or retail box did costs less than one dollar; 3. "Out-of-dumpster" phones, cleaned, and sorted by the level of "brokennes" were sold wholesale for around $50-60 USD a kilogramm; 4. "Recovered" ifones (bought out by recyclers from end users) were sold from 50 to 200 USD depending on level of wear; 5. A "full-service" that includes change of all external casing parts to new, non-original ones, reflashing, new battery, resoldered clean ports, new memory chip for phones with failing or degraded NAND flash, and bubble-wrap packaging did cost around 10 to 15 USD for small quantity orders; 6. A phone refitted to market grade A2 (identical to a phone from assembly line with less than 3 non-original parts) can be sold for up to $300 a piece. Things that The West can learn from The East: Russia/Eastern Europe: 1. Free-for-all, mixed zoning. You own the land, build whatever you want as long as it's not a munitions factory (Most of Russia, Kazakhstan) 2. Market driven, privatized public transit (Most of Eastern Europe) 3. Small city blocks that let throught traffic. 4. Market controlled access to distric heating/cooling (Yakutsk an extreme example of privatized district level utilities) 5. Higher standards for building's energy efficiency (adopted across the former Soviet block) 6. Learn how to build decent "serially produced" housing for cheap (Ekaterinburg) 7. More traffic light controlled "turn right on red" signals - an easy way to increase traffic thoughtput by double digits (former Soviet block countries) Asia: 1. learn how to build cities that are dense, but still livable (Hongkong, Singapore, Macau, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Tokyo) 2. Better construction technology and materials. MgO board, light/cellular concretes, thermal stops in slabs, automated, computerized armature prefabrication, etc (Most of People Republic if China, South Korea, Russian Far East) 3. Bus rapid transit, and how to make cheap public transport really work (Guangzhou) 4. Traffic laws that are two-wheeler friendly (Taipei, whole of Japan) 5. Public daycare and early primary education (Tokyo) 6. "Public housing for regular people" (Hongkong, Singapore) 7. Incentivize people to buy smaller cars, or use transit (Tokyo) 8. Double deck, or multi leve streets (Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Chicago) >Engineering a full city from the group up sounds good but the majority of the people using the city are, well, people. People change Astana is a good example of this type of a designer city Green arrow is an additional traffic light signal that lets right turn on red. It is usually computer controlled in big Russian cities The problem is this slows the traffic in urban areas. A simple radar controlled signal solves this When the armature for the building is being prefabricated with a milimetre level precision by a CNC metalworking machine, and than assembled on site like lego. This is to minimize the amount of on-site metalwork Moscow, "a success city"... =D And yes, it is an SUV His cofounder is better to hire a good CFPA attorney before it's too late. Microsoft caters more to business and OEMs than to anythybody else. Consumer market is largely irrelevant to them. Why you sell your stuff this way, you need a good salesman. Yes, Microsoft is "uncool", but it doesn't matter to them Facebook.com, talk.google.com. A well engineered messaging protocol. I also believe it's used by automatic toll collection machines. Meizu and Bubugao roll updates weekly We need nuclear desalination and district heating Google polypropylene piping. A standard in continental Europe since eighties, added to building codes across NA just few years ago. Just use AGPL and dont bother That was a bad move, now they will be even more daring In Russia, we had people running in between desks with stacks of floppy disks and flash drives up until mid 200\ I would go after all and every license violator of any code I wrote. If Google tomorrow messes up with my code in the Kernel, I care not if they have to discontinue Android overnight. And yes, they did lobby for GPL2 Kernel. Now eat it. MopPub, AdMob - on overall they give more money than PPC networks on the web. Downside - the mobile is squirming with cheating/clickfrauding publishers, if you get banned or suspended it is "guilty until proven innocent" Oppo, BBK, Bubugao, Vivo, Oneplus are the same company PRC is a single party state. Once an order is signed, it's being done. So much for a lossy taxi company I live in Moscow, the shortest eTaxi ride costs less than USD $2 - less than what I paid for a bus ride while living in Vancouver Good luck enforcing an dmca on a website code vs a foreign company. The court history of such cases is rather funny. From cases thrown out of the court, to unenforceable defaults >leaving me looking for a new job while on a work permit as a single mother of three Uh... qq+weixin > facebook many times over even without considering that fb casually lies about the number of active users they have > From ordinary users, nobody cares about the web platform on mobile. Native apps are faster > All iPhone apps are web apps (C) S. Jobs ヽ( ´¬`)ノ > From ordinary users, nobody cares about the web platform on mobile. Native apps are faster > All iPhone apps are web apps (C) S. Jobs ヽ( ´¬`)ノ Ceramic ifone that shatters 10 times easier than a glass one? What is RethinkDB? loooool Ever seen an action cam called SJ Cam? It looks like an exact copy of gopro camera. Why do you think they don't sue the manufacturer? The answer is that they are their original OEM from whom they were buying rebranded products and sold them as hero cameras 1 and 2. They never signed any kind of agreement securing exclusive rights to the design. At the time they wanted to build their next generation cam from scratch, they were unnable to do anything with the fact that SJCam continued selling the original design. Not only small companies buy off-the shelf designs. Not even biggest brands shy of from banal rebranding: probably more than a half of all notebook designs are off-the-shelf design house products. Who sold Apple the reference design for the first ifone? It was Taiwanese ODM "First International Computer," and they are trying hard to conceal that fact as it will set their "designed by Apple in california" line in bad light. If somebody had access to the repair manual for the first iphone, they could've seen many references to the ODM and individual factories making sub-assemblies. Thanks, get your 50 roubles NY Times got it wrong. Chechnya was squirming with journalists through whole nineties. Most likely killers were KGB remnants. KGB conceded the media battle over Chechnya in English speaking world very early. But what they didn't like was that these journalists were revealing Russians and Russian speakers what has really happened in Chechnya. None of murdered journalists were critical of Chechens. Why would Chechens kill them? Think. the reason it failed abd the guy got fried was simple if state company records were kept off-site on a computer, it will make quiet ledger rigging and stealing from state companies harder. That would be outrageous for every commie as every commie was stealing cash from the state one way or another. I know, but I don't have it here >Why we chose Vue.js Why? This is how Russians hacked social media accounts and public emails of British MPs last year. It is assumed that they procured IMSI IDs of MPs from open sources (databases of gaming companies (this why Google lets apps to read your IMSI) or advertising cookie brokers). Then, they used Russian cell phone networks to announce a “Roaming transfer” of their phone numbers from BT to them and then used an “SMS login” and password recovery from their Snapchats/Twitters/Whattsups. Once they logged into them, it is believed that they downloaded past conversations and other data through synchronisation APIs. Back then, Google only confirmed that they did sent a recovery SMS to one account, but hackers didn’t manage to answer a security question. This probably deterred them from attempting to try the same trick on Google accounts of other MPs whose numbers they pwned, or maybe Googlers simply made that up to cover their asses. Amazingly, many cell operators don’t check the digital signature on roaming requests, nor require the roaming counter-parties to pass them through. They do that if: 1. You don't log in from a first world IP (the terminology from their user operations team), but previous logins were from them. 2. You registered from an IP in a country where they don't have access to sending SMS, but they go to a country where they have. 3. Bot detection algo flagged you, and bot detection algo are one of their crown jewels that they don't tell to support people.