There are likely some blacklists for known fingerprinting libraries. But, there's nothing that can tell you for sure, because it is also possible to fingerprint entirely server-side using the information your browser voluntarily transmits or contextual information about your connection. Edit: nevermind, it seems that “state broadcaster” implies more than I thought. > The only time a voltage sufficient enough to kill you, doest kill you, is when it is only present for an extremely small amount of time and/or not traversing your heart. The reason this is the case is because your initial premise is incorrect. Power kills you. Power equals work divided by time. This is why huge voltages over short periods of time don’t kill you. If you are suggesting that we aren’t able to say we’re at all time lows due to a lack of good long term historical information, then you also can’t draw the opposite conclusion that we _aren’t_ at at an all time low. We simply don’t know. But I’d bet it’s highly unlikely that a lack of measurement and/or recording led to better results. I do agree that trust is probably at pretty low levels — exactly because communication is more accessible than any time in history and therefore people have more opportunity to question authority. But a lack in trust doesn’t translate directly to violence. I think that people are becoming very complacent with distrust. The daily media barrage of reasons to distrust so many things has reached the point where it doesn’t cause outrage anymore. It has convinced some people that distrust is normal. Ease of maintenance is rarely a marketable feature in mass-market consumer products, and most often is deprioritized. A good risk assessment starts by evaluating possible attack vectors before they’re exploited. If you wait until they’re actively exploited, you might find yourself dealing with an incident response instead. Another big component of risk is trustworthiness. You might evaluate a vendor’s reputation, test/qa processes, support channels, and the legal environment they operate in. If you don’t even know who the vendor is, that’s a big barrier to establishing much trust. Not necessarily. Validating the authentication labels on a device might give someone enough confidence they can trust it for their particular threat model. While resellers add a definite uncertainty to the security of the supply chain, I think most people would find them to be more trustworthy than a counterfeiting manufacturer. I doubt intel is doing that in this case, as we’re talking about a NIC and not a DRM enforcement mechanism. ...but even if they are, checking a firmware checksum only mitigates risk if you otherwise trust the hardware. Counterfeit silicon could report back whatever your driver wants to hear. And even the presence of a a genuine intel chipset with genuine firmware doesn’t mean there isn’t a malicious component elsewhere on the board. There’s tons of counterfeit silicon out there. Most of them are just cheap approximations or copies of premium components with the motive to make a profit on their sale, but there’s not much preventing any of them from intentionally or unintentionally compromising their hardware. The popularity of programmable silicon and the standardization of silicon package sizes make this super cheap and easy to do as well. A static page is very cheap to implement, if the implementation has no other context. Large organizations have implementation costs and considerations outside of IT, however. I’m sure they could also change their revenue model, but that costs exponentially more than just changing the website to be a static page. Americans tend to relocate very often, relatively speaking to the rest of the world, IIRC. I think there may be some inherent sample biasing going on. I’m here because some European dude a few generations ago decided to move halfway around the world for a chance at a different opportunity, and I’d bet that influenced the risk tolerance of his kids as well. That depends on whether or not the employee is FLSA exempt or non-exempt. You can already opt out of that system, but you have to pay for that privilege. There is already a good number of lending options available to the many (millions?) of people disenfranchised from the traditional banking system. Usually that means offering strong collateral. But the terms of those options aren’t too great because trustworthiness and risk have a strong negative correlation. And those who can prove their trustworthiness almost always prefer to do that rather than pay extra. Doesn't the statement go both ways? How do you tell that a remote phone is in your contact list? > You definitely don't want to run your RDBMS on Kubernetes If you’re targeting AWS you’re probably better off using their solution, but you can totally run your database on k8s. And for some uses it’s even a good idea. It appears that rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure binds even unnamed parties of a class action suit, unless they exclude themselves from an eligible suit. https://civilprocedure.uslegal.com/class-action/binding-natu... I think that’s a good compromise. BTW, it’s actually pretty common in many US states for pharmacists to be required by law to fill prescriptions with their generic equivalents. According to the article, these experiments have already been done in the US before. Pronoun ambiguity strikes again. Yes, that’s what I was referring to, human-animal embryonic experimentation. > Imagine if it were legal for companies to pass something off as a "bank account" when they weren't actually a bank. Robinhood’s attempt at checking accounts come to mind... https://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffkauflin/2018/12/14/sipc-hea... I don’t think the difference is due to income directly, but more to do with class/social expectations. Eating is a very social activity, and the way people eat is strongly linked to their individual and group identity. Healthy eating simply isn’t prioritized by some people/groups, and others don’t value it at all. And (the original) Windows Mobile. What do you mean by 'secure'? I just ran panopticlick in a fresh installation of Chrome on Windows in incognito mode. It returned a near-unique fingerprint with >14 bits of estimated entropy. Of course, that makes total sense, because many of the factors that can identify your system have little to do with the browser, but are determined by the underlying system: fonts, display, date/time information, graphics fingerprints, etc. That still won't work. Most people don't have 'extreme' privacy settings, so you'll again be unique. To resist fingerprinting, you want your setup to be as generic as possible. This is one reason why it's important that browser vendors need to tackle this issue by setting privacy focused defaults. To do this well, you have to take special care with how exactly you obscure them. If your browser refuses to report those values, or sends junk values, then you might actually make the problem worse. It's the internet version of this: https://xkcd.com/1105/ There will undoubtably be many thousands of travelers who show up unaware or unprepared for this. Do these people now have to purchase a reusable bottle if they’d like to carry around a water with them? I sure hope this doesn’t end up backfiring and creating more waste. Reusable bottles can consist of an order of magnitude or more plastic than a disposable water bottle, and if people aren’t reusing that bottle after they leave the airport, this might not actually lead to a reduction in waste. Guns have existed for hundreds of years. Why is this just becoming a problem recently? Employment law is a mixed state and federal issue. There are some very significant federal employment protections, such as the Civil Rights Act. Don’t Teslas have a few fluid systems, like coolant and brake fluid? Maybe they removed the vowels so that a randomly generated key doesn’t have any unexpected words in it? > why invent a cure, when you could instead invent a lifelong treatment? Here’s two reasons: 1. Because consumers will likely prefer a cure to a lifelong treatment 2. Because your lifelong treatment is going to be out of patent before you can collect on a lifetime of purchases. Terrorism is in the FBI’s jurisdiction to investigate, so it makes sense they would be involved to determine whether or not terrorism was involved. It also appears some federal legislation has been passed that directs the FBI to provide assistance to state authorities in this cases: https://www.fbi.gov/about/partnerships/office-of-partner-eng... Mostly the former. There’s nothing expensive about decapping a chip and tossing it under an electron microscope. Did they mean expensive to produce, or an expensive price tag (or both)? The Volt was a good car, but it was a $17,000 premium over something like the Prius when it launched. Even with price cuts for later model years, it was still not an easy sell for a buyer focused on economy. I think it would have sold a lot better if they had positioned it as a more upscale vehicle to match the asking price, or at least had given it some other value proposition beyond economy. I've never been able to figure out exactly who the target market for the Volt was. Literally every engineering project has to balance cost vs quality. Typically, “planned obsolescence” refers to an intentional defect that is artificially added in order to prematurely cause a failure. However, that doesn’t mean every failure is a result of planned obsolescence — defects can also can be expected under the normal course of a product’s lifetime. Premium product lifetimes are a result of premium materials and construction, which cost a premium price. Choosing the correct materials to balance the expected lifetime along with other performance and price characteristics is good engineering practice, not malice. GM used to make a Tahoe Hybrid. It was okay, but I think the price premium was a bit much for the economy gain. It also doesn’t help that the units of “miles per gallon” are not linear with consumption. A improvement from 10 to 15 mpg doesn’t sound nearly as impressive as an improvement from 20 to 60 mpg... but unintuitively, over 20,000 miles, it’s the same amount of fuel savings. Not necessarily. There's the added complexity of having an additional electric powertrain, but many this enables many hybrids to concurrently remove the transmission that a conventional ICE car would have. Prii didn't get their reputation for reliability by being unnecessarily complicated. Of course EVs are obviously simpler, but I'm not sure I'd say a Prius is more complicated than many ICE vehicles of today. Twin turbos and 10 speed autos aren't something exotic anymore -- those are available on the base trim of the F150. Preposterous! While the LG Smart Refrigerator, powered by SmartThinQ® technology, is certainly a premium product at an excellent price, I don’t think there’s any evidence here to show that the upstanding employees of the LG Corporation are behind any of these tweets. They probably wouldn’t know what it is or why they shouldn’t use it if they’re being introduced to the word via the Notes app. Because of age appropriateness. Guns are only sold to adults, and the only media censored in the US is that which is broadcast publicly to audiences of all ages. Nudity has been in US movies for 50+ years. Many platforms for children do already censor swears that are typed. > every movie star Is SAG-AFTRA prominent outside of the US? > Let the media center detect airbag deployment on CAN bus, then play a pre-saved quarter second audio sample at a fixed volume. That would be too late, according to the description in the OP. As a person with a motorcycle, I’m glad I’ve seen at least two people suggest only scanning cars :) > Here, I drive up to the pump, grab the right nozzle, fill up, go inside to the cash register and pay. That was exactly how it worked in the US until about 20 years ago. But then stations started to require prepayment because there were a number of people skipping that important final step. Why not simply bury it? Plastic is pretty intert and non-toxic. Wouldn’t that be much better in terms of carbon sequestration? Given that 'malware' is short for 'malicious software', one might make a semantic argument that DRM is actually anti-malware , as it prevents other software from operating maliciously. Copyright infringement is undoubtedly a malicious act under the law in most places. Any kind of security, authentication, or encryption software ever written was done so to "limit what you can do", so I don't think that is enough to constitute maliciousness. That being said, many DRM software implementations have been known to go beyond just protecting the rights of the content creators, and that's a different story. The vast majority of places in the world recognize the right for a creator to exclusively reproduce their creative works for a period of time so that they may enjoy profit from their creativity. That may be semantically different than “ownership”, but is otherwise functionally irrelevant in the context of this conversation. Many SV companies, and certainly tons of corporate America are subject to the same (or worse) criticisms. The concept of copyright absolutely does have a rational basis in scarcity. Creative works take a substantial investment of time and/or money to create. The idea that creators shouldn't have the right to control their works is wildly radical -- even more than the FSF's view. Even the concept of copyleft relies on the right of the creator to impose licensing on their creative works. If copyrights didn't exist, licenses that require source to be shared, like GPL, couldn't exist. You're well entitled to your opinion, but I'm glad the world doesn't work that way, because things like the restrictive clauses in GPL have been very good for the world. Do they need you to take them seriously in order to support their revenue stream? Yes, that's how everything is valued. This is why transaction data is used to determine valuations of just about anything.