From what I've seen, casual (iPhone, Facebook) game companies are far more open to hiring general programming talent than the mainstream. (Which, IMO, can only be a good thing for the industry.) JavaScript will never support threads in the usual sense, as long as /be has his say: http://weblogs.mozillazine.org/roadmap/archives/2007/02/thre... So JS won't need fine-grained locking in the foreseeable future. Flusspferd ( http://flusspferd.org/ ) has GMP bindings, and there's no reason that node.js (for example) couldn't be hooked up to GMP as well. Facebook has some very interesting open source projects: http://github.com/facebook Particularly interesting to me is their static analysis tool for PHP written in OCaml. This is one of the main goals of Narcissus and Zaphod, actually, since it's much easier to hack Narcissus than SpiderMonkey. We're working on integrating Harmony proposals into Narcissus. That directory is out of date. (I'm not sure why it hasn't been removed yet.) The new project page is here: https://github.com/mozilla/narcissus We moved it to GitHub to make it easier for people to submit pull requests and the like. What in particular about the UX of the latest beta do you find slow? We should fix it. (1) Sync is now on asynchronous APIs as of the latest beta (or maybe the next one). You can disable Sync in the Preferences window, and you can choose to only sync bookmarks if you'd like. (2) Places (the bookmarks database) is now on asynchronous APIs, which means that, unless you're using esoteric features of bookmarks, they never block the UI thread. SQLite is also now in WAL mode. Smart folders are still slow as I understand it, and there's a plan to revamp and/or remove them. (3) Bookmarks and history have been treated the same way since Firefox 3 (Places). There is talk of revamping and/or removing Live Bookmarks as well. (4) Tab Groups is now secondary UI (the icon is gone by default). It is never loaded until you open it. (5) The status bar is no longer in the address bar. Do you have steps to reproduce the huge RAM consumption by any chance (which sites do you have open, which OS)? I'm very interested in solving these kinds of performance issues in the product. And for the record, I wish Paul Rouget hadn't posted this. IE9 is a great browser - they do some things better than us, even (text-overflow, SVG acceleration via D2D, out-of-process tabs), and we should recognize this. I agree. In fact, I gathered all the patches that have been floating around to do just that into a repo today: http://hg.mozilla.org/users/pwalton_mozilla.com/oop-tabs/ There is a lot (and by that I mean a lot - like, really basic stuff like focus) that doesn't work still, but the core of a multi-process Firefox is standing up already. If these issues still happen in Firefox 4, I would be very happy to debug them if you can reproduce. Rust :) Compiled, concurrent, and memory-safe, with no global GC. (Full disclosure: I work on Rust.) Sorta. There were actually three Skywriters: Bespin prototype (Thunderhead-based), Bespin Reboot (SproutCore/jQuery-based), and ACE. ACE postdates the rename from Bespin to Skywriter. They originated as three completely separate codebases, although there's been a fair amount of cross-pollination. ACE didn't begin as a Mozilla project, although it was finally chosen as the basis on which to build Skywriter the product (which will be used for the Firefox Add-ons Builder, in particular). A colleague of mine wrote a true coroutine library for JavaScript: https://github.com/dherman/jstask It depends on generators, so it works only in Firefox, but it's a cool hack nonetheless, and might be useful if you're developing Firefox addons. Yeah, I'm disappointed that our fix for the latter [1] didn't end up landing in time for Firefox 4. I'm hoping to release it as an add-on, and it has a very good chance of making it for the next release 3 months down the road. [1]: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=465086 Exactly. MySpace has shown that these kinds of moves can be fatal to a social network with low switching costs for users, even in the presence of network effects. Twitter's strength is not technology; from a technical standpoint, duplicating Twitter is trivial. Twitter's strength is its community, and they erode that at their own peril. Note that my colleague Dave Herman (on the TC39 committee; i.e. the JavaScript standards committee) is working on an official modules proposal for the next version of JavaScript, code-named Harmony. See here for examples: http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:simple_modul... Rust developer here. In Rust, the semicolon is the expression sequencing operator (like in ML), not a statement terminator. "a;b" means "evaluate a, throw away the result, and return the result of evaluating b". So the semicolon is more than just boilerplate. I guess we could do some sort of automatic semicolon insertion like JavaScript, but I'm not sure that the benefits outweigh the complexity. I think you could write a kernel in Rust (though you'd need to add unsafe pointers, direct calls, and possibly other stuff to the language), it's just not a goal of the project. There's no reason why I wouldn't accept patches to the language that would help in that effort as long as they didn't wildly conflict with the main goals of the project. Yeah, rustboot's pretty printer leaves something to be desired. We have a much better pretty printer in rustc (see src/comp/pretty/). Mozilla developer here - If you have steps to reproduce, I'd love to hear them and I'll get them forwarded to the proper people. That would indeed be a bug. Filed: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=647479 Breaking down memory usage by add-on is very difficult. Objects in Firefox's heap don't track the ownership of the module that created them. This should be fixed to some extent by out-of-process Jetpacks. As always, if you have steps to reproduce we would love to hear them. Startup time is still the #1 performance metric we optimize for. There is work underway to make the new extension system (Jetpack) load extensions out-of-process. This will make it easy to see how much memory each extension is using. Unfortunately, add-ons built using the traditional system will still be in-process. Most of them depend on being able to synchronously dive into the page or browser DOM and mess with it, which makes accounting hard. The 32-bit Windows graphics thing sounds like a bug. Setting max-concurrent-tabs in about:config to 0 may help. Those features are a lot of the reason for it, yes. As a cool example of what can be done with generators, check out my colleague Dave Herman's task.js library: https://github.com/dherman/taskjs That library gives you coroutine-style I/O on top of node.js primitives, which is, as far as I can tell, the #1 feature people have been asking for all along in Node. It only works if node.js implements coroutines (which Ryan has so far refused to do) or if the language implements generators (which you get with SpiderMonkey). Garbage collection isn't implemented; we're relying on reference counting for now. The self-hosted compiler has no cyclic data structures, so we're fine. Stack growth was implemented at one point, but we disabled it because the way it was implemented was a proof-of-concept hack (it just rewrote anything that looked like a pointer on the stack). I suspect we're going to switch to a more Go-like model, in which stack growth happens by calling through a stack-switching thunk. Too early to say - this is probably the one part of the language that has had the least design work - but I suspect they'll feel like Dylan's macros. That is, Lisp/Scheme-inspired, but tailored to a C-like syntax. I don't foresee many problems with adopting Dylan-like macros to the C syntax (they're both Algol-derived anyhow), but again this is all up in the air :) The C syntax is pretty much set. Switching at this state would do more harm than good, and we think that in the long term syntax is less important than semantics. I'm biased, of course, because I work on Rust full-time, but don't forget Rust: https://github.com/graydon/rust We recently reached self-hosting status, in which we compiled Rust with itself, and over the past few weeks we've been working on making the compiler much faster (over 7x in fact). This is, indeed, why Rust originally compiled only to shared libraries (that also worked as executables). We ended up distinguishing shared libraries from executables for performance and OS integration reasons, but shared libraries are still key to the design. This is a banal point. Yes, separate compilation hurts performance. But that's what link-time optimization is for. GCC and LLVM alike can both do link-time optimization. You might as well say "gcc with -O0 is slower than V8, therefore V8 is faster than gcc". Firefox does, if the calling web page is itself a local file and the XHR requests a file in the same directory as or in a subdirectory of that page. http://iq12.com/blog/as3-benchmark/ Is this what you wanted to post? This shows that the browsers' JS engines have been outrunning ActionScript for years now... I work on Rust, which is in a similar space to Go. IMHO this article is oversimplifying. (1) Recursive anonymous functions: This is the first time I've heard this criticism. MLs usually don't have this functionality either. It's not too much trouble to give the function a name. (2) Tail call optimization: TCO isn't free. It requires all callees to pop their arguments, which slightly penalizes every call in the program. Rust is planned to support full TCO, but the current compiler only does sibling call optimization (a subset of TCO). (3) Continuations (I assume call/cc is meant here): Again, these are expensive, because they interfere with the stack discipline. You end up having to garbage collect stack frames in the worst case. For this reason both Go and Rust have implemented exceptional control flow using stack unwinding and destructors. (For Go panic/defer/recover play the role of destructors, while for Rust we use a more traditional RAII system.) Callers have to readjust the stack after each call when TCO is enabled, but without TCO a function can allocate outgoing argument space for every function invocation up front and reuse that space for every call. I am a Mozilla dev. I certainly don't hold the attitude that there's something wrong with you if you don't like Firefox. Rather, I'm interested to hear about your bad user experience so that we can improve. Curiously enough, the JavaScript Y combinator is in the Firefox source and has been since at least 2007: http://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/file/fc78ee766770/js/s... "I have trouble with this assertion: as far as I can tell, nothing would stop a language (especially a statically typed one) from optimizing a tuple return/unpack into a cheaper parallel assignment, and still provide a full-blown tuple type. I might be wrong, but is tuples unpacking not a strict superset of Go/Lua's restricted multiple return values?" Well, it depends on how you implement polymorphic code, but generally yes. This is why we use tuples instead of multiple return values in Rust. In fact, if you return a struct by value in LLVM, LLVM will allocate a virtual register for each element. Rust isn't intended to be run by Web content. It's designed to be a systems language. In that regard it's more comparable to Go. I just used Keynote's export feature. I'll upload to slideshare. Slideshare here for those having trouble with the Dropbox-hosted version: http://www.slideshare.net/pcwalton/rust-all-hands-winter-201... Check out the macro tests in this directory: https://github.com/graydon/rust/tree/master/src/test/run-pas... Here you go: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/4186469/rust-all-hands-w2011.pdf Rust has an unsafe sublanguage you'll probably be interested in. That said, writing kernels is explicitly not a goal of Rust. It may well work great with a custom bare-metal runtime, but we aren't letting the needs of OS kernels constrain our design space at this time. Garbage collection in Rust is thread-local. We never need concurrent GC; this invariant is enforced by the type system. Leaking cycles is not really an option, sorry. At the very least we're going to have a cycle collector. It's too easy to make cycles, especially when you have closures (all you need is to close over an object that contains a pointer to the closure itself; this is very common for e.g. event handlers). Besides, a lot of the problems you state can be addressed with generational or incremental garbage collection. "From the third slide: we can see two different function definition syntaxes, a 'normal' style and a 'ruby' style. I really like the way of JavaScript, CoffeeScript and OCaml that have a single unified function syntax." Functions declared at top-level with the |fn| keyword can be mutually recursive and don't close over anything by default. Blocks, however, are unique in that they can close over stack variables (we statically ensure that they can't escape) and can't be mutually recursive. At the moment, blocks can only appear in function argument position. So, although both |fn| functions and blocks are functions in some sense, they have different enough semantics that we felt that different syntax helped to convey the distinction. "Also on this slide: why have a special syntax for importing submodules from modules/crates? Again, CoffeeScript excels here, an import is simply a variable declaration:" Well, in CoffeeScript, imports are actually statements that are evaluated at runtime. In Rust, they're compile-time constructs. Furthermore, using a separate syntax gives us more power — you can say |import *|, you can say things like |import std::{hashmap::map, vec}|, etc. "Furthermore, it has always bothered me why generic types use <> brackets. I can understand it in Java and C# (where types are declared before values/functions), but in Rust, it's really unnecessary to introduce the 4th type of brackets into the language (apparently, they used [], but latter changed it to <>... I would really like to know why.)" Because you can use generic type instantiation in value position as well (e.g. none:: ), and [] was preventing us from using [] for array indexing (previously, you wrote v.(0) for v[0]). I also thought it'd be more familiar for C++, C#, and Java programmers. Failure only brings down the current task, not the process. Stack allocation for call frames is a very important feature of Rust. SML/NJ does heap allocation for all frames and its performance suffers as a result (they have to invest very heavily in a good generational garbage collector, because the nursery fills up very quickly with stack frames). Graydon decided early on that in order to be competitive with C++ we would need first-class stack allocation, and I agree. See my comment above for the stuff issue. As for std::stuff, in earlier versions we wrote std.stuff, but it actually hurt readability (not to mention complicated typechecking), since '.' is also used for record field projection and object method invocation. In the MLs it's not so bad because module names have to begin with a capital letter, but we tried to avoid making case significant.