I like how the examples were all, bar one, longer than the long-winded CSS it was replacing ... looks like a good compromise of SASS though. I might jump! Ever heard of Dropbox? Potentially obsolete with Unite. Ever wanted to share all the photos/videos on your 120GB hard-drive? Unite does that too, bye-bye flickr. Ever wanted to host online chat - it's already there in your browser now. Ever wanted to listen to your music when all the files are on some other computer? Relay via Unite, it's in your browser. Want to host web-pages on your local computer? Don't want to install a web-server .. no problem. Really I find it awesome, I think we've only just scratched the surface here too. A genuinely new paradigm IMO, http://alicious.com/2009/opera-about-to-change-the-world/ . Welcome to the Peerweb. say it with me everybody - correlation is not equal to causation I used to be a heavy EE user about 5 years ago (IIRC) enough so that I got a free premium membership for a month. Thing is now i can't even read the answers I gave to some questions as I'm not a premium member ... unless I UA-switch to Googlebot of course (that worked last time I was there). EE always frustrated me, like Launchpad Answers does now, in that people with no clue how to solve the problem would answer and then no-one else would bother because someone already answered (Launchpad is far worse for this as any reply (except "more info needed) marks the question as "answered"). /rant Because you think Google are stupid enough to use an easily abused metric like down-votes (alone) to decrease SERP rankings? Bounce-rate would be a better metric (and again abusable) and they already have access to that for many sites. I'm guessing you actually mean it covers running costs on a small amount of ads. A small amount of ads doesn't pay many wage bills* - I'm guessing there are a equivalent of a couple of full-time people working on SO? Doing backups fighting off crackers, ensuring trust metrics aren't abused, making optimisation changes, upgrading hardware, etc.. 500000 uniques but how many ad clicks? I'd imagine their clicks-per-impression is really low on this sort of site unless the ad is the solution to the problem. People are focussed not aimlessly searching, they're also probably the sector most immunue to ads - computer experts at work. I can remember finding useful stuff there, I even wrote some answers. I don't use it now (perhaps been thrice in the last year or so) and find better info elsewhere often. But it still has utility. Next worthless anecdotal comment please ... In the 80s? Really? You heard about domain squatting back then? Why didn't you do it? You could have had sex.com, microsoft.com, sony.com, ... Suck it and see. The cost to you is pretty low financially. Buy up 10 domains, perhaps in a related field, do your magic on them and see if you can sell any ... when you sell one buy 10 more. Rinse, repeat. Failure and the reasons for failure (failblog!) can be entertaining, interesting and informative. I think the idea is good but most failures will just be - "we ran out of money", "we decided to do something else", "a key person had a family problem and left", "we had a rubbish idea". Mind you even these mundane things could be good if written well. godaddy says $1.99 for new .com domains, .us are 4.99, etc.. It was a rough example: "Buy as many domains as your profit will allow until you have amassed a reasonable quantity and are selling domains quickly enough to make a business out of it" was the intention. Sorry, not quite catching you there, you do what to your computer? /sarcasm Yes that is one of the down falls, pretty major too, but if you're family wants to share from your computer they can just call, or you can look and see the connections are 0 before turning it off. I can also imagine a caching/on-line backup system (like Dropbox) - eg for your fridge notes. Peerweb is not the www they have a lot of overlap but this is going to change the way we use computers IMO. When I first came in contact with the 'net ('94) I didn't imagine that you could just choose a domain name and register it. I imagined that you needed lots of infrastructure to host a site. I reckon anyone who knew that you could just register sex.com and had used the internet would realise that this would probably be near the top of the most visited domain names of all time. Were domains expensive back then? Oh, when you say "not right" do you mean not ethical? OK, I've tried to look for the podcast. There are like 60 of them and they appear to be rambling conversations - can you point me a bit more directly? I do some web design. I wouldn't pay hourly for an initial website design & implementation. If you've got a designer/developer that is incompetent (or just out of practise) then they are going to take a lot longer and so cost more. Agree a price, technical problems are the designers problem. Admin stuff takes quite a lot of time in a small business, in my experience (3 small businesses so far). Also just doing the design implementation stuff isn't enough - you do have to get out and win the work. 50:50 sounds about right IMO. That's assuming he is doing inital design (graphical prototype, you'll need usability input here) and preparing graphical elements for the coded pages; as well as the up front promotion and sales. Kinda depends on what sort of sites you're doing. A heavy app with lots of DB design or lots of scripting would need more weighting towards you. A simple graphical "this is us" site the weight is more towards him (and you're probably better outsourcing the coding of that sort of thing anyway). FWIW And then one of you messes up on their part and either the billed hours total is more than the revenue or the client refuses to pay so much (depending how you're charging) ... what now? Also billed hours means that there's an incentive to work slowly to get a greater share out of the business. I was pretty sure I'd seen this before too but writewith isn't ringing any bells ...? I do have a terrible memory. But the tag-line then puts me off before I've started. Why wouldn't someone just use Zoho or Google Docs? I do like your handwritten-style annotated edits, but that doesn't seem enough. You definitely need to lose the mouldy pink though, with that heavy gray too, bleurgh. Don't take your design cues from hacker sites! Gray for the edit box parts that you're looking at all day, fine, not for whole site - it's bad juju! Your logo is the inverse of Zoho's - which appears to be an attempt to create confusion (or it will to a high paid lawyer) and is also that of Novell's Zen application distribution system IIRC, I think they have lots of lawyers too. Why didn't you choose "R"? fwiw who doesn't buy when they see a hero shot ... ;0) One can tell just from reading the headings that the page was not written by a first-language English speaker. This gives a low expectation of quality in the technical aspects of the site. All that text to read, then I have to log-in (no doubt waiting for an email) just to see visually what it does ... next! This is basically the attitude of the kmail developers - html email is bad. Who could possibly ever want to send a link or photo to someone in an email. Everyone should be forced to have green console text on a black background. Why can't they just use the IE8 rendering engine? obliged From the FAQ "all ingredients are on TSCA". I'm not in the US but when I look and see this means "toxic substances control act [inventory]" then I think: "toxic!!". Perhaps this is a common claim for US products but I think I'd just say all ingredients are safe and mention a safety certificate they bought^w were awarded. The whole "Are Zubbles safe" reads like "well not really but they're as safe as other things that are legal". As the stories are all about how his eyes were stained and he had to evacuate his house, etc., then the marketing needs to have a strong assurance of safety IMO. I don't think they achieve that. pwned Unless your facebook mentions your medical condition or your drug use?! If it's not true. Factory shutdowns are almost unheard of now it seems as we (in the UK) have no factories left ... oo, I used to have karma! Seriously this was my first reaction, as one of the first posters, Google were pwned. Guess I have to open a new account now. so if he could sell something for $5 and get one in 100,000 of the visitors to buy then he'd meet the ad sales ... freemium anyone? My dad taught me he wasn't afraid to kick me in the ass (actually) if I stepped out of line (figuratively). It was actually a useful lesson and helped me to reconsider my attitude to others and stop being a dick. SAT is an abbreviation not an acronym. It stands for SATisfiability, as in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean_satisfiability_problem . The blog on P=NP doesn't appear to mention it despite having 3 posts tagged as SAT. Sometimes we don't realise we're using jargon or we don't realise the wider audience we might be addressing. Edit: Oops, must refresh before re-joining a HN thread. But the situation is more like me using a hammer to knock screws in and then screw makers changing the screws design so that it's harder to knock them in with a hammer because "they were never designed for that". There are a lot more tools for manipulating XML than just for HTML. Also I gather that operating on proper XML (eg XHTML) is less resource intensive. XML has namespaces allowing inline inclusion of SVG, MathML and the like. XHTML has RDFa to provide inline metadata (semantic web stuff). The XHTML transition seems to have failed mainly because IE6 would baulk on XML mimetypes and offer to download them instead of rendering. This just seems to be "XHTML is dead, long live XHTML5" ? There were a few blog posts about this a couple of months back but I held off. Looks like it's time to go back to HTML doctypes after 7 years or so. Should I be reverting to HTML? It's not a theory until it can make testable predictions. ubernostrum: "And even if they went Theora-only (which they're not going to do), they'd have to provide a fallback for IE, which would probably end up extended to Safari as well." I'm not bothered about the actual format shipped, let the market sort that out. What I want is to be able to publish a webpage with a video and know that all standards compliant browsers will play that media. Safari doesn't have to only use Ogg Theora, YouTube doesn't have to stop using flash. Keeping the openness of the web means allowing content creators a path to create content unencumbered by license disputes IMO. They should go back and specify it for HTML5 standard compliance and let Safari fail compliance. "Whoever agreed to the fox guarding the henhouse is going to have a lot of explaining to do." In an ideal world, in this one I suspect they'll just get a tanker load of money. It's execptionally good marketing: - our main competitor has problems - we've not had down time since 2004 - all the other offers being given you are from lowlife cretins They know how to place themselves. Everything the BBC codes that is not restricted by outside licenses should be available to anyone in the UK who pays license fees and wants it. Open Sourcing is hardly a great gesture when the public have paid for it already. We're talking mainly bells and whistles (progressive enhancement) via Glow not basic access to data. That said BBC produce a lot of content for the web that not everyone can get (people don't all have computers), several digital radio channels (not everyone has digi-radio), several digi-TV channels (a lot can't even get the signal, many don't have the hardware). So the BBC aren't worried about large scale access issues, why worry so much about obsolete browsers? "people can stop working jobs that value economy over safety" Yeah, people who don't want to eat or have shelter can do that. I'm guessing teeth can join well to flesh without rejection (mine seem good on this anyway) and also don't reject implanting foreign matter (filings, those little diamonds chavs^W people have, etc.) they're basically a bridging medium; an interstitial that avoids rejection. I have 2 gmail contacts (actually I think they're googlemail?) out of 300+. I don't really see any clusters. But then I don't have many geek friends/acquaintances and those that I do know appear to use company email addresses mainly. Well all compliant browsers will play the media, by definition, so the remedy is effective. Safari wouldn't fail compliance they'd suddenly find the time to implement Ogg Theora as a fall back and if they've any sense the chip manufacturers would be falling over themselves to offer an optimised stack to court Apple. Quid pro quo? Perhaps they fancy being partnered with Google? I'm both and neither. I'm pretty sure I'm non-24. Which would be fine if I didn't have to be awake at particular times and have kids to look after. "The funny thing is that Martins makes a public point of claiming that he doesn't do any "digital manipulation" on his pictures [...]" Is that for real? I'm almost certain that http://www.capricehorn.com/images/wwwArtworks/LATEST_2-(F2C7... and http://www.capricehorn.com/images/wwwArtworks/The_Accidental... use the same mirror technique, albeit with foreground elements added (again digitally). However, he doesn't appear to claim not to use post-production digital manipulation AT ALL, no mention at eg http://www.saatchi-gallery.co.uk/yourgallery/artist_profile/... of that. There is a quote about this here, http://themorningnews.org/archives/galleries/topologies/ : "This is especially evident in “The Accidental Theorist” series. Most people assume that these image are manipulated. Or perhaps even staged. In reality, there is no post-production work, no darkroom or computer manipulation." But it's clearly referring (here) to just the Accidental Theorist show. That said the above 2 examples _are_ from that show and do appear to be 'shopped. Yeah, I saw a unicorn yesterday. Unicorns totally exist. I bet they've bred with dragons by now and can totally, like, breath fire and stuff. Perhaps Google failed to capitalise on it because the price they're charging is the most anyone is prepared to pay for online office applications. What is Google Docs missing that you think MS can do so well they're going to win market share. Excuse my skepticism but I'll be watching this only to see what idiocy MS has built in - requires silverlight to enable doc viewing / interstitial NSFW advertising in business documents / only works by using ActiveX / trys to install a Bing toolbar in all browsers before it'll work / relies on proprietary javascript extensions / uses 4GB of memory ... place your bets. It says in the article they're going to release information including customers favourites .. that's personal information - they'll need individual permission to do that. You can imagine the headlines "Tesco.net confirms MP for Basingstoke is sex fiend" when the favourites show the married MP that is away from home all week buys 20 condoms, 2 packs of lube and a copy of the Gay Times every week. That picture of a lion is definitely not a picture of a lion, no-sirree. You can do the same sort of thing with roman letters making them pretty impervious to OCR too. Arabic does appear to be designed more as an art form than as a script though. edit:typo and yet they have so much whitespace in the chrome that they could have easily fitted a compact file menu in. Sure, make it look as good as you can, but whitespace is not as important as screen real-estate in browser chrome. I'm guessing these are designers not engineers - the same sort that go for unreadably small fonts to make things look slicker.