To participate, you can donate here: https://givedirectly.org/give-basic-income (They're also listing fee-less Alternative Donation Options there, but I can't quite figure out how to use those to donate to this specific experiment.) I mean... AirBnB or Uber? If some of them set up schools or other things that benefit the local community as a whole, wouldn't that be far better than someone developing some app or something and probably moving to the West and earn shitloads of money? Depends on how casual :P But probably not. (Edit: Note: I mean you don't _have_ to. You might like the performance increase, but if you only use it casually, even that might not be worth the trouble.) Not perfect, but: https://whispersystems.org/blog/signal-desktop/ React's virtual DOM has a far smaller performance impact than the web components polyfills have... Matching Firefox in functionality is quite an undertaking, so for the short to mid term, the former is far more likely to be successful. That said, I think Servo has a bright future ahead as well, even before the long term. For example, matching the functionality of embedded rendering engines for hybrid apps is far more likely, and Servo has its speed as a major advantage over the competition. And who knows, it might make it into Firefox for Android :) > Good journals, in theory, are more selective about what they publish It should be noted that this selectivity is not just on quality, but also e.g. on how "groundbreaking" the results are. This results in papers in top journals actually being retracted more often than in others, since they're more likely to be false. Because there are more than a single one :) Obligatory: https://xkcd.com/927/ I wonder if, in a year or two, this will affect the Impact Factor of these journals - i.e. will their articles be cited less often now academics have (theoretically) no access to it? And then a few years later, will this the number of articles submitted drop as well? (Assuming, of course, that no agreement will be reached at all.) By boycotting? I think I dislike underworking as much as overworking. If they get to "as good as", they have the advantage of being open source. This could convince _some_ projects. Next step: make it open http://www.hackertyper.com/ I do seem to recall that processing happens locally, which would give it an edge over at least Google Now (and possibly Siri, as I don't know how that works). In my case, it's "I'm not uneasy about thinking about what happens to my body after I'm dead, but I'm uneasy about 'tricking' people who might actually be uneasy about it". Where I think "I'm uneasy" is understating a feeling of which you might not understand the intensity if you're not feeling it that way. Work is an especially odd situation as "your way" is not necessarily to benefit you. Oftentimes, you both have the same goal ("what's best for the company"), but you disagree on how to reach that ("A is best" vs "B is best"). Once you realise and agree on that, conflicts become easier to resolve. > Hell, I can't even use the terminal for a single session without accidentally triggering the App Launcher several times. Pretty sure that has to do with you being used to different keyboard shortcuts, not with any inherent properties of the terminal app. I'm currently experiencing this the other way around (working on OS X being used to Ubuntu), and struggling with it as well. Reading the Netflix engineering blog now and then, I do appreciate how many of their engineering decisions also take into account the effect it will have on their colleagues, i.e. "does this change affect how quickly/independently our engineers can do stuff"? I think I usually get full articles, but also _all_ comment replies by that author. That gets old quickly as well. Set DuckDuckGo as your default search engine and you don't even need to do any configuring. You can then just type `!wiki India` or `!gi birds` or any other !bang: https://duckduckgo.com/bang - It allows you to easily delete a line without needing to also modify the line before. - It also makes your diffs cleaner. With the latter, if you add a line, you'll also have to inspect the `radius: Float` line when doing a code review, even though it only added a comma. I see what you're saying, but since I really strongly think my being skeptical guards me from missing falsehoods regardless, I'm not going to take this. > How would a typical user know that? I think that's basically the main problem: there is no way to get a typical user to understand security implications of anything without having that user give up before reaching that point... "Someone I know" Sorry, it was a joke, but guess I didn't layer it on thick enough - I was exactly demonstrating your point :P I think machine learning applied to health care is how we will finally be convinced to take implants that monitor us and upload data about our bodily functioning to the cloud. Spectacle does so as well: http://formidable.com/open-source/spectacle/ When presenting code, Spectacle [1] i.c.w. spectacle-code-slide [2] is pretty sweet, although a bit messy to set up (but that's true for revealjs as well). [1] http://formidable.com/open-source/spectacle/ [2] https://github.com/thejameskyle/spectacle-code-slide > after even a few moments of consideration While your general point might be right, this is an unfair implication. They've gave it plenty of consideration, considered with many, many people, and did so all in the open: https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ They've tested it with "regular" people that fall into their target audience, so it probably works well enough for that. https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ They did do focus groups, apparently your concern wasn't actually a problem: https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ Excellent overview. I wonder if the author also had a reason for skipping tslint, other than perhaps not knowing about it? Edit: Also, why do fewer and fewer sites have an RSS feed? :( Well, it's about as accurate as calling Apple and Facebook "unstoppable juggernauts". You decide how accurate that is :) Nice article. One question though: > Perform a second ‘validation’ test repeating your original test to check that the effect is real Isn't this just the same as taking a larger sample size? So basically, it means waiting a while before performing the test again? Since "larger sample size" mostly just means "keep the test running for longer", so the difference is that in that case, the "second" test is very close in time to the "first" test? So what would the conclusions be in the two-test and large-test case? My assumption would be that if one of the two tests would fail, then the correlation in a large test would also have been so low as to mean no effect? Right, thanks. And am I correct in thinking that your final sentence before the parentheses means that two medium tests are worse, because you don't want to filter out likely failures? > be mad at the widgets, not the pushing-you-to-not-be-awful I think the point was: be mad at both :) > This shit is important for increasing investor confidence in countries with nascent court systems and political systems used to corruption and nepotism. Isn't it up to a country to make itself attractive to investors, i.e. by not pulling all that shit? Maybe an algorithm that ranks based on number of unique contributors in the past month or so? I would guess the Elm is used more often than Scala.js. But then again, I have no data :) I think the more likely explanation is that Google withdrew* once it became clear that Chrome was far more popular. This same event led Mozilla to do some soul-searching (aka user surveys, etc.) as to why they were losing users, and what their USP was compared to Google - privacy is one of them. * Note that "withdrew" might also mean "offered less money than before because Firefox had less users than before, and Yahoo! offering more. In case your comment reminds others: https://donate.mozilla.org/ :) https://xkcd.com/1172/ Yeah, I use XPrivacy, but this makes it really hard to know which things I should allow and which I shouldn't... Additionally, if you really want to get productive, you'll also need to get to know which libraries/frameworks to use, and how to use them (idiomatically). This is the most time-consuming tasks, I think. If people entered their good passwords on your site without noticing that it was unencrypted, then great, they should now consider that password compromised... As a user, as soon as I notice it's unencrypted, I'm _going_ assume the password is also probably not encrypted nor salted, and other users will probably have done so. (Of course, even better would be a different password per site, but...) Hmm, so let's say I'm hosting my static files on S3. I've currently got CloudFlare setup in front of it but that apparently doesn't help. Anything I can do other than not using S3? You could not uninstall IE, but at least you could install Firefox on Windows. You can't use any truly different browser than Safari on iOS, so until that's possible, I'm hating on it as much on iOS as I hated on IE on Windows. Even if it's lagging behind less than IE did, I still strongly dislike being at Apple's mercy rather than the users'. Still not supported by IE, I'm afraid :(