Got selected. Where's the good food at in Mountain View? I love me some Indian food. Thanks for the advice. Well, sort of. The selection isn't random. If you're one of the 10 that appeal to them most your odds are 100%. If you're not, they're 0. Unless they decide by rolling dice there's really no probability involved. I've eaten at Bouchon in Vegas and wasn't too impressed, but I hear the one in Napa is leagues better. I had the good fortune of meeting Allison Steltzner a while back and she told me that. There's a good chance I'll try it on this trip. And no staunch, that was not my intent, and I hope it does not appear as such. That had not occurred to me but probably should have. I really just hoped to share my experience and get any tips/comments from people here, especially on dining. Seems like they should have just hired the guy. Thanks for all of the well-wishes. Pt. 2 was posted this morning. Thanks! I'll do my best to let you all live vicariously. If I was the only time I'd be in Boston is when my yacht parked there. I've been self-employed for a long time and I'm planning on staying that way. And you're right, I suppose not all iPods sold during the Christmas quarter were gifts. Valid point, but I still don't think it detracts from the overall view that being giftable is a big asset in the sales department. Well I have no doubt that down the line the iPhone will become cheaper and more popular. Especially if they release on more networks. I'm just saying this one won't hit ten million. Yeah, I get what you're saying, and you're not incorrect. I have one of the more popular poker blogs and I've seen the effects first hand. I'm definitely more interested in just making something I like. Obviously for my startup's blog I won't have such liberty. As I said in the guy's comments, if he saw the stuff you guys chose this summer, he'd realize how wrong he is. I can't wait until people start launching. I'm almost as excited about some of the other startups I saw out there in Mountain View as I am about ours. Also YC does not have a history of ripping off both its "musicians" and its customers. And as far as I know, they've never sued anyone who used any product they've launched. We had two undergrads and one guy who never even graduated. And a demo but we didn't get to show it at all.Must have been lucky. Or in early June so those of us in the summer batch can come. Agreed. I was planning on putting that in tips for interviewees since you don't get any feedback until then. Thanks! Yeah, it's totally deserved. Weebly's got a bright future. There's pretty much no better way for your grandma to make a website about her cat. Interesting. My philosophy is that you can always go back to college, but then maybe that's why I'm 26 and still haven't graduated. I think that's actually great. That was more or less Reddit's situation as I understand it. There's so much non-hacking stuff to do that I honestly think each group should have someone who feels no compulsion to write code, freeing the hacker(s) from distraction. My ideal candidate, were I doing the funding, would be a group consisting of two hackers and one non-hacker. Maybe I'm biased though because that's what we have. This suffers from the common Apple fanboy logical fallacy that hype=success. That's perhaps the most useless and poorly thought out argument I've ever read about anything. I found a anti-evolution propoganda pamphlet in an airport a week ago that was more cogent. It's beyond ridiculous for an American company to attempt to process gambling transactions. I'd be extremely leery of using them for anything, as they're going to be shut down and have their funds seized without a doubt. It was not the US Government's screwup, it was the Neteller founders' for coming to our country. Had they had the common sense to remain overseas the whole debacle would have been avoided. Regardless of where you stand on the issue (and I'm obviously as pro-gaming as they get, since I made my living for 5 years playing poker online) the fact is that the DoJ is going to systematically destroy anyone who has anything to do with online gambling. Anyone starting any startup in that space in this country is begging for jail time. Poker bots are far from a problem yet. They excel at heads up limit hold'em, but as more players enter the table they get progressively worse. Even the best of them can't yet beat a low limit full table. Eventually they will though. And there will be no real way to stop them. We've got some time, and how much depends on who you ask. Also, the human vs computer match cited doesn't really mean much, for reasons I'll leave for a poker blog entry. The barrier to entry as far as a bot goes is certainly the AI. Programming the rest is far more doable. The most notable team that has been publishing poker-related AI research is headed by Darse Billings at the University of Alberta. Their bots can be purchased online as a training tool called Poker Academy. From what I've seen first hand and heard from poker players I respect, the only bot worthwhile is the heads up limit hold'em one. I don't know how far they've come since the Poki I played against, but I doubt that one could have beaten a full $1/$2 game. I'd guess it would break even at $0.50/$1 online. The short handed bot didn't seem much better. The heads up one, however, could probably trounce anyone who would typically play below $15/$30, and it might even be higher up the scale than that. To put it in perspective, many very notable winners at the biggest games online used to fear a player who went by Neverlose since they thought he was that bot. You can google for "Neverlose bot" and read all about it. So at heads up limit I would intuitively suspect there are bots, though to be honest I've played a decent amount of it in the $3/$6 all the way up to $100/$200 range and the vast majority of players at low/mid limits are atrocious. So if there are bots in heads up, they are either poorly designed ones or they are in the higher limits exclusively (which really wouldn't make sense, since there is probably much more money to be made for someone who can play all day every day in the lower limits). As far as other games go, I suspect bots reside largely in low level sit and goes. I once had a bot breaking even around the $22 level using Winholdem, which at the time only supported min-raise or shove as the bet amounts (no idea what it can do now, I haven't used it in years) and my AI used nothing more than if/then statements. Someone capable of any sort of AI programming more advanced than that could probably beat them handily. Due to some other terrible limitations of WinHold'ems software I never pursued it much further. Classic Carlin. Def among his best material. To wear hats. Lol @ linkbaiting. Not all progress must come from mistakes. He seems to equate the two. Big changes do not necessarily come from fixing big mistakes. They can come from recognizing new opportunities as well. Smash Jessica promised to do keg stands if any of her flock IPOed. I'm hoping we'll be the ones to do it, but if another Y C startup beats us there we're definitely still holding her to her word (and a keg). Does it even matter? Build something people want, and customers will come to you. When customers come to you, VCs won't be far behind. The community it fosters is definitely the most underappreciated part (by outsiders, at least) of the Y C experience. Also if it's anything like real estate, their incentive is more to close the deal than to get the highest price, freeing them to move on to the next. A difference of a few percent to you the seller is huge, to the banker its a small percentage of that few percent. He'd rather just get it over with and move on. I actually invented video ads in 2002. I have no evidence to back this up, but have already filed the patent app. How to Win Friends and Influence People Even beyond lack of sleep, which I think we all agree is bad in the literal sense, the law of diminishing returns sets in at some point and makes working further counter productive. The exact amount, of course, depends on who you are and what exactly you're doing, but it's probably much far lower than most people would guess. I've done a lot of research on this, through both reading and self-experimentation, and have come to the conclusion that there aren't very many people who would benefit from hacking more than 60 hours a week in short bursts, or more than 50 sustainably. I'd take a hacker who works hard 5 days a week, 10 hours a day, and spends the rest of his time partying over one who sits in front of a computer 12 hours a day, 7 days a week any time. There's a wealth of information on the topic out there, and studies are published all of the time. It's definitely the sort of thing one should look into when trying to increase their efficiency. Guess I have to upvote that, since I've been following the story for years and now have a vested interest in the outcome. >>Complying with the W.T.O. ruling, Professor Jackson said, would require Congress and the Bush administration either to reverse course and permit Americans to place bets online legally with offshore casinos or, equally unlikely, impose an across-the-board ban on all forms of Internet gambling -- including the online purchase of lottery tickets, participation in Web-based pro sports fantasy leagues and off-track wagering on horse racing. The rest could go to hell in a handbasket as far as the government is concerned, but off-track wagering is a massive industry. The lobbying there is just too strong. Also Americans can place bets legally with off-shore casinos (in most states there is no law against it). It's just illegal for banks to process the payments. I don't know of anything closer than Foxwoods and Mohegan Sun. No There should be a special logo for YCombinator rejects to display. I humbly offer http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1169/1251010963_4787666411_m.... I actually get this magazine in paper (thanks for that Delta Airlines!) and was pretty surprised by that story too. I think it's yet another plentyoffish style story that makes the web look a little more democratic than it really is. It's definitely kind of neat to see companies that were turned down by YC and worked on their project anyway. If there were a list of them somewhere (similar to TechCrunch's deadpool, but a little more cheery) I'd love to read it. I'm really curious what percentage of the submissions that get rejected go on to incorporate and put something out there. I don't say this to be mean, though I'm not sure I can phrase it in such a way that it doesn't sound so, but I don't see any bad luck in the story above, other than maybe timing. It appears to be the results of a bunch of bad decisions unfortunately reaching their boiling point all at once. It's important in times like these to take stock of all of the decisions leading up to this crisis. It sounds like you made a lot of mistakes, as we all do. Learn from them and you'll be the better for it, and in time you'll view this as all as one big opportunity. You didn't lose your job, you quit, so that may or may not have been a mistake (in fact, it may have been a mistake not to do it sooner) but either way it certainly wasn't bad luck. What it will turn out to be depends on what you make of the opportunity. Get another job you hate and it was a mistake, find one you enjoy and it will turn out to be one of the best things you ever did. You have the choice there. Cars almost never die completely with no prior warning. I certainly don't know the situation well enough to be sure, but I'd be willing to bet you ignored some serious signs. That's a mistake I've certainly made and learned from. Losing a phone is usually due to carelessness. We've all done something like it. That one's essentially valueless as a life lesson, you already knew it was bad, and there's only so much you as a human can do to prevent such things from recurring. The relationships are the tough ones. It sounds like in the case of the girl you trusted someone's words rather than their actions because it was the path of least resistance. That's always a mistake. Yet another we've all made. Just like a car, relationships never die without plenty of warning. There's a good chance you saw the signs and willfully ignored them. Learn from that. The only thing left to do now is learn from each mistake and turn all of these annoyances into opportunities. Design means different things to different people. If you mean that in terms of workflow/ease of use, that's going to be largely a function of the team and feedback from customers. As far as the graphic design that can easily and cheaply be outsourced, though even then you'd ideally want one or more founders with a good aesthetic sense to work with them. $27.95 All of Paul's essays are better written. This wasn't an essay. It was a talk, and one written quickly. A lot of people have a strong dislike of Aaron. I've certainly had unpleasant experiences. Wow, that's my goal exactly. Well, technically I want a country. But I guess if I make enough to do that, you'll make enough from it to do a town.