Thanks for your comment. Nr.2 is possible, thus the reason I decided to detach and try to analyze the situation more objectively, and I think in my case the truth is somewhere in the middle. Thanks @maxklein, this is really insightful. You are absolutely right, complaining doesn't change things. My priority in life is actually money (not wealth), since then I can earn freedoms I would otherwise not have, like working on what I like. And right now I don't earn much, but some of the people I work with have been great, so detachment is really hard to achieve. I'm thinking, as other people said, to work on a startup, but until then your advice is great: I should work on improving the team's morale. That would help everybody, including me. Thanks @SwellJoe, This is the kind of advice I searched for. I actually feel like a jackass, but I don't have experience which such conflicts and I let things get out of control. I actually was under the impression that I could change things just by pointing out the flaws. I was wrong of course. Unfortunately I am the type of developer that's interested in multiple topics, ranging from algorithms (parsers, data-mining, inductive reasoning), to usability. And it sucks because I have opinions about everything. Thanks, I would miss Mono. Yeah, but Youtube got acquired, and it really hasn't had a business model. I think this getting big fast is really useful when you want to get bought. From my pov those are anomalies, rather than the norm. For every Google, Youtube and Facebook, there are thousands of startups with similar strategies that fail. I think it is safer to go the long route and start small, working your way to the top, charging a price right from the beginning. If your application is useful, users will pay for it. When you're introducing revenue later, you have to provide extra value. This means more features and so you're endangering your core values. When you're starting to charge for existing features, by limiting the free accounts, you will surely upset your existing users. Google tried to introduce advertising in YouTube videos, and the community was not happy about it ... and imagine a site like YouTube placing a limit on how many videos you can watch. No matter how hooked your users are, you still can lose them, not to mention that popular services like YouTube got cloned and there is competition waiting for those users. People have been charging money or other goods in exchange for products/services since forever. I don't really understand this trend of releasing products for free. The only viable exit strategy is for your company to be acquired by a big player, but if you want your business model to be sustainable you should question this trend. When you're running Linux as your desktop, it's impossible to not hear about them. Their product is based on Wine, which is a pretty decent emulation of the Windows APIs, but it is a bitch to setup properly, so you start looking around for more professional solutions. CodeWeavers, besides their own contributions to Wine, have the advantage that they test their setup against popular software. I don't think he was looking for an original idea. Ideas are overrated and cheap anyway. QA is really useful, but there's a big downside to it. When you have people who's job is to test code, developers get lazy and sloppy. Also, bugs do appear in production if you can release code the same day you wrote it, but you can fix it as soon as you find out about it. In big companies that work with milestones (sprints in agile speak), only really critical bugs can be fixed between releases. Not to mention that most bugs are fixed after code-freeze, when all the deliverables of that milestone are ready, long after you find out about it. So I guess it's best to have QA, but also the freedom to deploy code on production whenever you want. Not to mention that politicians and the American people sent those soldiers in Irak ;) The commercial licensing still has value, because LGPL has the same restrictions as GPL, minus the clause that states that you can't combine GPL with licenses that have more restrictions that it. For example, it must be possible for customers to link your application to newer versions of the LGPL licensed library. And any modifications you make to the library itself must be also licensed under LGPL or compatible. Actually, Linux won over BSD because BSD's legal status was in question when AT&T sued BSDi. Also, Linux was appealing for hackers, as even today, it's harder to contribute to BSD, having a more centralized development methodology than Linux. http://www.mindfulnesscds.com/author.html Because "computers are useless. They can only give you answers" ;) > Templating tends to break down because it forces you to treat code and markup as two different and fundamentally incompatible things. Well of course code and markup are two different things, but incompatible? Not really. We use HTML templates simply to let the designers play with the templates without our interference. It also makes changes easier to integrate. Otherwise we could use a DSL and transform the syntax tree in valid xhtml (which many people are already doing). > Rather than poking holes in HTML to insert code, we should simply treat HTML as code. Actually that means poking holes in your code to insert HTML. And it's worse IMO. While I like some of the articles Jeff has published on his blog, but I've long since deleted the blog's feed from my list because the signal to noise ration is really awful. I like Coke more because Pepsi is too sweet for me. Actually that's not true. Functions in Ruby aren't first class citizens, and for a given function you can't request / modify it's syntax tree. Otherwise, I consider the blur between code and data a good thing to have. The second property you mention has a good name: polymorphism Well, Lisp. And even in C# 3.0, when passing lambda expressions you can request a syntax tree instead of a method reference. I don't think so. As much as free-software advocates like to pat themselves on the back, there are many projects out there that succeeded gaining popularity without a restrictive license like the GPL, and I also think that the GPL is so popular purely by fashion and because its restrictions are irrelevant for web-based applications. A project's success can only be attributed to the people working on it, and to sheer luck. Of course, it is kind of an incentive for companies to contribute back and for the community to have some legal protection, that's why I understand the need for LGPL or MPL. But GPL itself should not be considered open-source ... all the software you or I wrote is and will always be a derivate of public domain, and the usage of a library should not dictate the distribution rights of the final product, but only the distribution rights of the library in question. It's kind of ironic that proprietary platforms like dotNET are more open in this regard. Also, I don't think Apple did more harm to open-source than Red Hat did. At least they don't pretend to be some kind of saviors of humanity. The problem with Red Hat is that they sell a brand, not a product, and while many Red Hat employees are allowed to work on open-source stuff, there's no competition, no room for second place, no market. Unless you have a community of enthusiasts, like Debian of course, which is also technically superior in some ways, but those people don't see any direct earnings for their contribution. I know the term has rules for being used, but those rules are too permissive if GPL is accepted (not to mention GPL 3 which now includes hardware restrictions). If I want to run away with a library and do my own thing, I don't see a problem with that if I'm giving back the changes to the library itself. Otherwise it cannot be viewed as a public good, as some might suggest. You can't compare a public good, such as a road to GPL software, because you aren't required to transport your merchandise for free on that road ... I know, stupid analogy, but you get my point. Proprietary software shouldn't be considered a virus that we should get rid of, that's not an open mindset in my book. Look, I'm not questioning their contributions, just the current state of affairs. If Red Hat vanished tomorrow, Linux would still be developed and maintained, even though it would suffer a setback. That's because there are many other companies and communities that help with that. The problem is that only Red Hat earns serious money directly from selling Linux licenses, although it relies on contributions of many other companies and individuals to do so. The other companies only earn money from complementary products and consulting services ... services which don't scale unless you're a superstar developer charging $500 / hour or you have lots of resources to hire lots of people to answer support calls. Although they shouldn't care since they are a company, and I do appreciate their contributions, the culprit is from my pov the GPL license ... and the perfect open-source license is LGPL-like ... that's all I tried to say. The web has always been 2.0 ... this potential of the Internet could've been seen since the early days of Usenet. The problem with websites was that companies couldn't wrap their head around the many-to-many communication and collaboration systems we see in use today ... and when O'Reilly coined the term suddenly people became aware like flies spotting honey :) > Examples include using recorded music as an advertisement for big, expensive concerts and begging people to donate after they already have your music for free. What? But this is exactly how musicians earned their living since the forever. > Downloaders sometimes say it is because "music isn't as good as it used to be". That's not true. Many people simply claim that the good stuff isn't being promoted as it should. Instead what you'll see all day on MTV are boy bands. I do pay for the music I like. Not because I want to reward the artists, but because it's a lot of fun going to the mall, looking at entire shelfs of CDs, meet girls, stuff like that. And when I'm going to a concert I feel the need to re-listen to the songs I just heard. Unix is much more than an operating system. It's also a time-tested philosophy of building software. See here: http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/taoup/html/ch01s06.html This is true for now. But software sells, and the big software companies (Microsoft, Intel, IBM, Oracle, Google, etc ...) practically have unlimited financial power. I do understand why most computers come with a Windows-tax, but it's not because of technical superiority. The only thing that's stopping them is the fast progress of technology, and the inability to scale your production by hiring all the programmers you can get your hands on ... thank God it's still an industry that requires talent, making it very hard to beat a handful of talented engineers with 100 day-workers. But I wouldn't bet against such groups in the future. DRM is failing because it's a poor technological solution applied to a social problem, but I'm waiting for the day when the Internet will be regulated ... it's already happening. As a kid I never understood why some of the kinds made it a hobby to trash the sandcastles built by the others. It was an interesting phenomenon to watch :) Maybe they thought that if they wanted to, they can do better, but they never did. It would be really hard ... because it involves studying your intentions rather than your moves. In chess this is doable (the intent is clearer after the fact, and the possible moves are more limited), but think about CStrike for example ... how is your algorithm going to realize that you're protecting a gate because you don't want your opponents to sneak behind your teammates? Even simple questions become hard ... say you're attacking X1 just as a distraction, while your teammates are attacking X2 ... a team uses slight variations of some tactic, it's mostly never the same (different men in charge, different hotspots, switching between X1 and X2, etc ...). Gathering useful statistics about it requires lots of played games and lots of resources, and I don't think it's doable on your average gamer's hardware. I know, stupid example :) but you get the point. > Stability and Scalability are properties of architectures But the architecture starts at the virtual machine level. Without a decent VM you'll have to put more effort into building a scalable architecture. True story: the team working on Photoshop Express tried Rails for displaying a 404 Not Found page (containing some dynamic content). Because the interface was already in tests by a lot of people, they couldn't even display a static rhtml template ... Mongrel was segfaulting because of the high loads. Now, this may be an incident that got fixed since then (last Summer), I wouldn't know since I'm not working with Rails ... but it surely sends shivers down my spine. But then you'd have all these tech articles and blog/forum posts bitching about how Mac OS X sucks because it doesn't support hardware X ... just like you have with Linux. It's a known fact that people don't look at the hardware compatibility list before buying a X86 machine, not even the more technically inclined ones (I know I don't ... and I'm running Linux ... although I should know better ... somehow I hope that whatever problem I have, it would get solved shortly). And there's always the issue of having partnerships with the hardware companies to write those drivers for them, because they cannot do it on their own (lack of specifications, resources available). Microsoft couldn't pull it for Vista ... the drivers demanded from hardware manufactures were lately delivered and improperly tested. JRuby is in good shape, you can deploy Rails on it. And besides, there are many people with investments in Java already. I think this is a pretty good choice. Now, if they also added Mono (.NET) that would be great. | I have seen worse pictures on the side of a bus shelter So? That makes it any less wrong? | Society suffers when everyone has to tiptoe around some deranged minority's wacky list of things to be outraged about Do you have evidence about this? I think that's quite the contrary. Surely free speech is important, having personally experienced the aftermath of a communist regime, and not being allowed calling a turd for what it is surely sucks. But this is a different story. And I think that deranged minority you're speaking of are the women. | I could not care less if a small number of easily-offended prudes are scared away by a mild show of skin. What ever happened to manners? Personally I don't care about looking professional. I don't like the term, because "professional" means working for money, and I happen to enjoy what I do. But this isn't about being professional or not. This is about respecting other people. It's about showing courtesy to others, such that the others can do the same for you. I don't know in what society you live in, but I'm fed up with the racist, antisemitic and generally foul language in the one I live in. Maybe you've been spoiled? ;) Vim, Emacs and Textmate aren't IDEs per se. They are general purpose text editors optimized for editing texts (although one could argue Emacs is an OS :)) The nature of Python is such that it's not possible to determine precisely all members of an object at compile time. I've used PyDev and I discovered that auto-completion in Python actually annoys me because it doesn't work all the time. For example, in Python you can add a method with a simple x.__dict__['method'] = some_method, not to mention magic methods like __getattr__. The trouble is many Python modules add members to classes through various meta-programming techniques. When using PyDev searching for a member name, instead of using the API's documentation, you can find yourself assuming that the member you're looking for does not exist, leading you in a wrong direction, and thus waisting more time. If the behavior of intellisense is unpredictable, it kind of stands in your way more than it helps. And without intellisense, it makes no sense to use a bloated IDE for Python (or dynamic languages in general). Dynamic languages have simple APIs anyway that can be learned easily. I have a shortcut defined for the "dir" and "help" commands in Python, and for "perldoc" in Perl, executed on the token under the cursor, and with the help of flymake-mode, it's more than enough. And in many instances it's even more productive ... if I don't remember the usage of DateTime::Format::Strptime in Perl I just look at the CPAN docs with perldoc, copy/pasting the example given. " I don't agree. I've met plenty of people, especially in tech, who won't spend time broadening their horizon " But 'learning things before you need them' is a different thing. It should be something like "always keep learning towards your goals". And that's what people do. Unfortunately different people have different goals and motivators. That's why many will stay away from books and from exciting new stuff, as long as they still get to keep their job. Since you talked about Scala, when I worked on my last Java project for a former employer (a period that lasted like a year) the architecture and the tools (imposed to us by upper management) were so bad, that I was desperate to find new things to alleviate the pain (that's when I read Code Generation in Action). When I got into a data-mining project I read something like 4 books in the research phase. Nobody likes learning for the purpose of learning. It's a painful process if the learned skills aren't applied (not to mention that memory tends to garbage collect useless information). I doubt it. Our brains aren't designed that way (I even saw studies about it, but right now I can't search for any, 'working). There are always other motives for doing it. For example I'm learning new things out of belief that doing it will improve my life in some way. I liked computer science because of the thrills of building things, and I keep on learning to break my own limits, always wanting to build better applications / algorithms. Seeing the results of my work makes me really happy (that's not too uncommon among us developers I believe). I also liked math in college because I've always enjoyed solving puzzles, and for the satisfactions of doing it before the others did. I'm also not using Microsoft's stack, the Unix world having grown on me, but I think you're mistaken. Their flagship product, Windows, has some poor design decisions in it, decisions that were dictated mostly by their customers ... you can read "The Old New Thing: Practical Development Throughout the Evolution of Windows" by Raymond Chen for some insights on this. But otherwise the Windows programming model is pretty solid and consistent (usually). Parrot 1.0 was released. This means the API is more stable, and this was the main problem of Rakudo (the Perl 6 compiler for Parrot). The jokes about Perl 6 are kind of lame. It's an open-source project and you can check its progress (instead of reading reddit :)) ... regular releases are made, and it does have a comprehensive tests suite. The latest version released in April is passing 10467 spectests (65% of the tests suite), with an increase of 3194 since March. I know that it's fun joking about such projects, but Perl 6/Parrot are very ambitions, and even if they could use some help, progress is being made. I wouldn't be surprised if the "Christmas release" is this year. I don't use .NET myself, but what I like about it is the availability of multiple languages for the CLR. I find very alluring the possibility of mixing and matching languages according to the task at hand without having to deal with IPC. I could really find usages for actor-based concurrency, but using Erlang seems to me like throwing the baby out with the bathwater. "That means that you might just as well take LLVM out of the picture, and compare Java vs. C++." Not really, if you can dynamically load libraries at runtime, then you can separate the platform-dependent code from the main codebase, making it possible to target multiple targets without recompilation. "The only thing you then have to care about is memory utilization" I don't know much about the JVM internals, but isn't JIT'ing a more expensive process (as in CPU + memory) for the JVM? If you keep the CPU load maximized for both, won't more of those resources be used by the JVM's JIT'ing and GC'ing? Yes. That's true. Axum is different because it is designed for a specific domain by the same people that are designing .NET. This means changes to the CLR may be pushed forward to accommodate features in Axum. I don't know if the tail call instruction in the CLR was added because of F#, or because of the research they did while trying to compile Haskell on top of .NET, but it's there. The problem with the JVM is that there isn't a centralized effort for those multiple languages. You can slap any interpreter on top of any other interpreter and then say that "multiple languages are available", but that won't make it useful. Although new features are pushed in the OpenJDK to make dynamic invocation of methods lighter, more infrastructure is needed ... like a common MOP used for communication between these languages (like the DLR). There's a strong lack of leadership between the language implementors working with the JVM, because SUN couldn't care less about it and everybody is scared of new features in Java-land. System libraries are accessible, but bindings are still hard to write and maintain. Even when it comes to open-source communities that offer help for writing such bindings, the effort is still big ... try writing a GTK+ application in Haskell or CLisp ... yes, bindings for those two exist, but you're in for some pain. Another reason is documentation. You'll have an easier time finding documentation/examples for the main language of the OS. Another reason: having dependencies that aren't available on the target OS does impose additional development costs (if you don't want to give the user the burden of installing those dependencies). And if the distribution is over the Internet, it also means a bigger download size and extra harddisk space. These things may or may not matter, but imagine a simple feedreader that requires a 30MB download and 200MB of free disk space. The main language of the OS doesn't necessarily have to be C/C++. It's the language that's best supported and encouraged by the company/community that maintains the OS (although it's currently not possible to write system drivers in C# on Windows, work is being done to lift some device drivers in user mode, which would make a good fit for .NET) While working for my last employer, a big software company, I had lots of free time ... milestones lasted a month, and the work we did in a milestone could have been made in 3 days of hard work by talented engineers with no endless meetings, and no internal systems to integrate to. And we used the worst tools ever. Having free time was great, but in my contract was specified that everything I worked on in my free time belonged to the company. Now I'm working at a small consultancy company that's run by an old friend of mine. It's not bad, but we offer consultancy services and that means ... - at least 3 projects I have to work on simultaneously - the projects have to be finished as soon as possible, such that we can collect the money :) This means we can't give too much love to those projects (although I'm learning a lot about meeting customer expectations and cutting features that aren't essential ... which is great) When I joined I thought it would be great since I will have enough time to work on my own projects, and no contract to stop me from doing it. That's not the case :( At home, when I feel like working on something, I end up working on tasks that are late at work. > relying on applications that you can't modify Personally I don't worry about that. What I worry about is the safety of my data. When the day comes when I can't use a desktop client to download email from GMail, or when I won't be able to open a .doc file without M. Office, then I'll be worried. > If it's not, everyone is at the mercy of one company. I don't know about that. I've heard it from Stallman's talks but it's too dramatic for my taste. What people should be worrying about is open specs to protocols and file formats. The best example of a software monopoly is Windows, and if Windows was the only operating system available, then we'd surely be at the mercy of one company. But that's not the case and while some people can point to the GPL as the catalyst, that's not necessarily the case. It might be the technology's fast pace or the academia which has always favored collaboration, not to mention that the open source model of development is in many ways just better. I don't think software is the domain in which monopolies can be established indefinitely. From time to time I have to explain to colleagues why I prefer a minimalistic approach to programming. One analogy to cars :) ... for normal people, having automatic transmission is great ... you can drive the vehicle with only one hand, and it allows you to concentrate more on the actual driving. But race cars still have manual or semi-automatic transmissions. Thus race drivers are empowered to do neat tricks while driving ... like not changing gears while passing another car to not lose acceleration. A manual transmission is also great for off road driving. And great drivers are also good mechanics ... cars break during races, and without knowing your car, you probably won't finish. Of course, not all of us are meant to be race drivers. But if you want to be the best you can be, taking the ease route is not the way to go. That's called "sarcasm" ;) > you have so many high-level considerations that also thinking about the low-level implications would simply be too much You still have to have a high-level perspective on how things are working, because abstractions are often leaky. For example, I don't care much about tasks related to systems administration, allowing me to concentrate on what matters to me ... for instance I don't care about the difference between Postfix and Sendmail, or the difference between Apache and Lighttpd ... I just use the one I know until I have a problem with it, but when I do have a problem I have to find ways to solve it. And some knowledge on how the protocols and processes work really help. Worse than that, these people are pushing DRM and probably lobbied for DMCA. Maybe those applications failed because the idea behind them was not that useful / interesting? Marketing is important, but a kick-ass implementation of a good idea usually sells itself without much effort.