Wake them up from their general anesthetic. Never fails. Charlottesville, Virginia. Spectacularly beautiful area; small (40,000 city/100,000 Albemarle County which is huge in terms of land area); University of Virginia (20,000 students) anchors a wonderful college town vibe; very high-end options (Wegman's/Whole Foods/Apple Store 1 hour away, etc.); 2-hour drive/2.5 hours train from Washington D.C.; growing tech hub reputation/community (little Austin); airport with lots of flights is 20 minutes from anywhere in town with ZERO security lines; cost of living trivial compared to Washington/NYC/LA/SF; no traffic jams ever; nice people. I grew up in Milwaukee, then lived age 18-35 in LA with a year in Tokyo, moved here at age 35 in 1983: I wouldn't dream of living anywhere else. I'm a board-certified anesthesiologist/research scientist ( https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=5DdrMc8AAAAJ&hl=en ), author ( https://www.amazon.com/Quantations-Joseph-Stirt-ebook/dp/B00... ), and blogger (www.bookofjoe.com). I don't know how I happened on Hacker News sometime last year, though it may have been after seeing Y Combinator or one of its principals mentioned somewhere. Sources — and the past — are more often than not misremembered, so I'm hesitant to go beyond that. What keeps me coming back daily are the links to stories I would never see anywhere else. I'm a TechnoDolt®© (I coined the word) and haven't a clue about coding and software et al, but headlines like "Robots Rule at Swiss Factories as Strong Franc and Wages Bite (bloomberg.com)," "What makes the perfect office? (timharford.com)," "Your personal Facebook Live videos can legally end up on TV (thememo.com)," "The Beauty of Nature Seen Through Creepy Webcams (wired.com)," "German parents told to destroy Cayla dolls over hacking fears (bbc.com)," and "Map showing the homeland of every character in Homer’s Iliad (kottke.org)" — 6 of the 30 links currently on the front page! — get me right where I live intellectually. Sori Yanagi ice cream spoon https://www.amazon.com/Sori-Yanagi-Cream-Spoon-6pcs/dp/B0000... I've been reading this thread since I clicked on it 3 hours ago: every contribution/comment. Wonderful stuff, I've learned SO MUCH. Time to give back — here are my faves: — Fiskars all-purpose scissors (they make a L-handed version for weirdos like me, such a delight after growing up with R-handed iterations): https://www.amazon.com/Fiskars-All-purpose-Left-hand-Scissor... — Fiskars scissors with non-stick blade coating (wonderful for cutting tape) https://www.amazon.com/Fiskars-Non-stick-Titanium-Softgrip-S... — iPod nano Gen 7 [latest] (FM radio; Podcasts; video; photos; bright 2.5" screen; super-thin & light; beautiful esthetically; Bluetooth lets me run with my music without wires) http://www.apple.com/ipod-nano/ — BlueAnt Bluetooth earphones: ≤1/6 the price of AirPods/Beats wireless; comfortable; good sound; easy to sync & operate; lightweight; they stay in; connecting cord so you don't lose one earphone; cool looking IMHO) https://www.amazon.com/BlueAnt-Pump-Wireless-Sportbuds-Black... — O'Keefe's Working Hands cream (unbelievably effective, best thing ever for cracked/chapped skin) https://www.amazon.com/OKeeffes-Working-Hands-Hand-Cream/dp/... — DuraScoop Cat Litter Scoop (the Maybach of litter scoops) https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001DCAAP4?psc=1&redirect=... Easton Bat Weight (so many uses around the house: paperweight; equipment/furniture support; door stop; small item container; weapon in extremis; I could go on) https://www.amazon.com/Easton-Bat-Weight-Royal-16-Ounce/dp/B... Trombone paper clips (so much better than regular ones, it's not even funny, plus they look cool) https://www.amazon.com/ACCO-Regal-Length-Silver-A7072130/dp/... — Rain Design mStand Laptop stand (functional; beautiful; lasts forever) https://www.amazon.com/Rain-Design-mStand-Laptop-Patented/dp... — Pioneer Kuro Elite Plasma TV [2007] Yes, it cost $5,000 10 years ago — still works perfectly, never had a single problem, picture is sometimes 3-dimensional it's so lifelike; as good as ANYTHING at the very highest end today INCLUDING LG 4K OLED and top-of-the-line Samsungs. — Stagg Pour-Over Kettle with Integrated Thermometer (if you're a fanatic about your coffee and demand the water be 200° ± 5° when you pour, this is your baby. Beautifully designed, a pleasure to use) http://fellowproducts.com/shop/stagg/ Last year I tossed my Western Digital external hard drive in the trash. Who needs it when I have multiple clouds (iCloud/Amazon/Google)? Superb anagram of nomad You are indeed a close, careful reader. Kudos! When will passwords be like cathode ray TV tubes? 2025? Never? CTRL-labs 25 W. 36th St., 9th Floor, New York, NY 10018 Does Thomas Friedman know about this? WANT Professor Salvatore Casillo... is the mastermind behind the Museo del Falso, an institution studying and exhibiting fakes and counterfeit objects that are part of daily life. The museum was opened [in 1991] with funds from the city, the University of Salerno and a local savings bank, and since then has featured exhibitions on counterfeit silver, detergents and, most recently, food. A professor of industrial sociology who focused on entrepreneurship, Casillo came across hundreds of examples of entrepreneurs who went into illegal business, sometimes with brilliant ideas "that made you wonder what they could accomplish in legitimate business," he said. Together with colleagues who are psychologists, anthropologists and legal experts — all of whom had come across the trend in their own research — he founded a study center and the museum, which was formerly a depot for the city sanitation department. Love it!!! Story of my life I had NO idea! You are an impressive researcher. When typing, go more slowly. It measures 22.3 feet x 6.2 feet I give them credit for a clever name, if nothing else. Good point; I hadn't noticed that. See also: http://demonstrations.wolfram.com/topic.html?topic=College%2... "Roadside Picnic" is a science fiction novel written by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky in 1971. The novel was first translated to English in 1977 by Antonina W. Bouis. By 1998, 38 editions of the novel had been published in 20 countries. I have read it countless times. Here's a PDF, in case you've never had the pleasure: http://soviethistory.msu.edu/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/picn... Opens Friday February 23; can't wait! Thanks! Excellent, I'm all over this. Thank you! This is a FANTASTIC resource! Bookmarked! Thank you! LOCATION: 638 Wealthy [sic] Street SE Grand Rapids, Michigan 49503 616.551.1925 No, nothing wrong with the spelling; rather, I found it ironical. Software equivalent of pain that brings you to a doctor's office that disappears upon medical examination. Disable Autoplay on Your Desktop Just like with Chrome for Android, the desktop version will eventually get the same type of controls in the settings menu. Until then, you’ll have to use Chrome’s flags to disable autoplaying videos. First, copy and paste chrome://flags/#autoplay-policy into Google Chrome’s URL bar. This will take you directly to a Chrome flag that you can change. The Autoplay policy should be set to Default when you load the page. You’ll need to set the drop box option box to Document user activation is required so that you have to approve any video to play on a website. Lastly, you’ll need to click on the blue Relaunch Now button found at the bottom of the page. This will restart the Chrome browser and activate the change. 1978 patent: https://patents.google.com/patent/US4131919 "The visual USDA Frozen French Fried Potatoes Grades and Standards come in the form of a printed leaflet that depict a series of seven potato color grades in short, long, and crinkle-cut forms. It is intended for use in classifying the visual color of frozen French fried potatoes, or other similarly fried products." "And it contains histatins, which not only kill bacteria but have been shown to speed wound closure independent of antibacterial action." Histatins: antimicrobial peptides with therapeutic potential ABSTRACT Histatins are a group of antimicrobial peptides, found in the saliva of man and some higher primates, which possess antifungal properties. Histatins bind to a receptor on the fungal cell membrane and enter the cytoplasm where they target the mitochondrion. They induce the non-lytic loss of ATP from actively respiring cells, which can induce cell death. In addition, they have been shown to disrupt the cell cycle and lead to the generation of reactive oxygen species. Their mode of action is distinct from those exhibited by the conventional azole and polyene drugs, hence histatins may have applications in controlling drug-resistant fungal infections. The possibility of utilising histatins for the control of fungal infections of the oral cavity is being actively pursued with the antifungal properties of topical histatin preparations and histatin-impregnated denture acrylic being evaluated. Initial clinical studies are encouraging, having demonstrated the safety and efficacy of histatin preparations in blocking the adherence of the yeast Candida albicans to denture acrylic, retarding plaque formation and reducing the severity of gingivitis. Histatins may represent a new generation of antimicrobial compounds for the treatment of oral fungal infections and have the advantage, compared with conventional antifungal agents, of being a normal component of human saliva with no apparent adverse effects on host tissues and having a mode of action distinct to azole and polyene antifungals. Kavanagh, Kevin and Dowd, Susan (2004) Histatins: antimicrobial peptides with therapeutic potential. Journal of Pharmacy and Pharmacology, 56. http://eprints.maynoothuniversity.ie/354/1/R03014.pdf Histatins are the major wound-closure stimulating factors in human saliva as identified in a cell culture assay ABSTRACT Wounds in the oral cavity heal much faster than skin lesions. Among other factors, saliva is generally assumed to be of relevance to this feature. Rodent saliva contains large amounts of growth factors such as epidermal growth factor (EGF) and nerve growth factor (NGF). In humans, however, the identity of the involved compounds has remained elusive, especially since EGF and NGF concentrations are ∼100,000 times lower than those in rodent saliva. Using an in vitro model for wound closure, we examined the properties of human saliva and the fractions that were obtained from saliva by high-performance liquid chromotography (HPLC) separation. We identified histatin 1 (Hst1) and histatin 2 (Hst2) as major wound-closing factors in human saliva. In contrast, the d-enantiomer of Hst2 did not induce wound closure, indicating stereospecific activation. Furthermore, histatins were actively internalized by epithelial cells and specifically used the extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1/2 (ERK1/2) pathway, thereby enhancing epithelial migration. This study demonstrates that members of the histatin family, which up to now were implicated in the antifungal weaponry of saliva, exert a novel function that likely is relevant for oral wound healing. Oudhoff, M. J., Bolscher, J. G. M., Nazmi, K., Kalay, H., van 't Hof, W., Nieuw Amerongen, A. V., Veerman, E. C. I. http://www.fasebj.org/doi/pdf/10.1096/fj.08-112003 As a physician, I demur: avoid anything but copious irrigation with water ± bandage. I'm an anesthesiologist by specialty, with experience as a GP/Family practitioner; the answer to your first question is above my medical pay grade. In regard to the second, I can say this: in the ER, a human bite is considered FAR more dangerous than a dog bite, because the human mouth has more — and more dangerous — pathogens. The mouth is much dirtier (not cleaner) than skin. Published August 2017 Povidone iodine in wound healing: A review of current concepts and practices Abstract BACKGROUND: Of the many antimicrobial agents available, iodophore-based formulations such as povidone iodine have remained popular after decades of use for antisepsis and wound healing applications due to their favorable efficacy and tolerability. Povidone iodine's broad spectrum of activity, ability to penetrate biofilms, lack of associated resistance, anti-inflammatory properties, low cytotoxicity and good tolerability have been cited as important factors, and no negative effect on wound healing has been observed in clinical practice. Over the past few decades, numerous reports on the use of povidone iodine have been published, however, many of these studies are of differing design, endpoints, and quality. More recent data clearly supports its use in wound healing. METHODS: Based on data collected through PubMed using specified search criteria based on above topics and clinical experience of the authors, this article will review preclinical and clinical safety and efficacy data on the use of povidone iodine in wound healing and its implications for the control of infection and inflammation, together with the authors' advice for the successful treatment of acute and chronic wounds. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: Povidone iodine has many characteristics that position it extraordinarily well for wound healing, including its broad antimicrobial spectrum, lack of resistance, efficacy against biofilms, good tolerability and its effect on excessive inflammation. Due to its rapid, potent, broad-spectrum antimicrobial properties, and favorable risk/benefit profile, povidone iodine is expected to remain a highly effective treatment for acute and chronic wounds in the foreseeable future. Bigliardi PL, Alsagoff SAL, El-Kafrawi HY, Pyon JK, Wa CTC, Villa MA. Int J Surg. 2017 Aug;44:260-268. doi: 10.1016/j.ijsu.2017.06.073. Epub June 23 2017. http://www.journal-surgery.net/article/S1743-9191(17)30536-8... When I was around 40. I noticed that the slides in our Medical Grand Rounds were always out of focus and wondered how come nobody said anything. One day it dawned on me that they were out of focus only for me. Doh! I share your frustration, but with Financial Times links: tantalizing headlines, regularly linked here, but with an ABSOLUTE paywall, i.e.: NO free articles at all ever. Wow. If a lot of people concurred, MSM would be back in business BIG TIME! aka "black bag jobs": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_bag_operation What is "technical debt?" Clear and to the point for this non-techie: thank you! I was an anesthesiologist for 38 years. Wrong patient/wrong site surgery happened at every hospital — UCLA/USC/UVA — I worked at. No matter how many safeguards are in place to prevent such misidentification, somehow, one gets through from time to time. The public rarely hears about it. Yikes! That's awfully close to IX! "Thanks to its plentiful land and cheap power, rural Montana, Washington, and Wyoming are now home to a new crop of cryptocurrency prospectors. Their neighbors aren’t too happy about it." Welcome to UAC (University of Arizona-China) Amazon description: The book is written for the average person with the average items in a house or apartment. This is called EXPEDIENT CIVIL DEFENSE. You use what you have to protect and provide for yourself and family. Everything around you is a resource, you just have to understand how a bucket, a towel, rocks and clay can filter nuclear fallout out of water (it does!) and what everything else in your house or residence can do. That's why this book is good for any disaster, in any big disaster what is lost is the infrastructure that provides for us. Electricity, water, communications, sewage, transportation. This book show YOU HOW to cope and survive with what you have. This book can save your life. "As a pilot, a particular interest of mine has always been the abandoned airfields that dot the landscape of much of this country. Both for their potential safety value to a pilot in an emergency, and also for their sometimes fascinating history, this particular topic has always held my curiosity. When I'm a passenger on commercial flights, I've always found myself looking out the window, constantly looking for airfields below. When I fly as a pilot myself, I've always tried to land at as many airports as possible, to learn a little about each one."—Paul Freeman, website creator