i'm a member at the MeFi too, and agree that even that little fee helps keep the morons out (the odd misguided marketing twit notwithstanding). Want proof? Check this out: http://www.thatsaspicymeatball.com/comments/ Compares the latest MeFi comments with the latest Youtube comments :) what if someone comes in to ruin the fun, and just keeps hitting the "reject" button on perfectly good responses? How about a flagging option, like "flag this as spam". Lately, /newest is being used more and more to flog whatever site (currently web design in newcastle upon tyne, of all things) Doesn't Yahoo as a company own part of its own shares? My guess would be that MS would've bought those shares. Also, I would've thought an infallible deity such as yourself would know correct syntax: "where would the money have gone to" ;) that site seems to be under construction...? what's an "mm"? mega millions? :D MM in roman numerals would be 2000 knee-jerk, much? "is php becoming like every other language?" Maybe that's for the better. It'd give everyone using the language a nice reprieve from the usual "hurr lawl php kiddie language!" trolls. "so is it good for fast scripting but poor for real programming" Yes to the first part, and a warning to the last part: What constitutes "real programming" is a question of definition, and here be dragons, as such discussions almost always devolve into "my [favourite] is better than [your favourite]". There seems to be ample amounts of hatred for PHP here, leading me to believe that either a) people here have never met a GOOD php developer, or b) a minority of users here enjoy the "my favourite scripting language is more obscure than yours" circle-jerk bugsear.ch :D Web 3.0 will mark the return (revenge?) of the enterprisey, faceless corporation. Their numbers will be legion, and to be recognized by their bevelly, drop-shadowed logomarks. Thanks, but no thanks. Yeah.. what's this with "Right now"? I suppose you could get the latest nightly (or go look up which nightly they've considered as the 3.0 final), but this is just shoddy journalism. Slow news day at webmonkey? Fatal error: Maximum execution time of 30 seconds exceeded in /var/www/taggl.net/www.taggl.net/_data/all.api.inc on line 223 Cos it's based on IE, one of the worst browsers available. "Gets you thinking huh..." No, not really. i like how, if you block the cookie, the whole site just fails to load. Why do I have to be logged in to edit the list of stocks? Your site should be ranked according to its content, and subsequent relevancy to what visitors are searching for. Not according to Latest SEO Trick #29832 that you* read somewhere. (* "you" not meaning you personally, of course) Maybe try http://www.scivee.tv , which touts itself as "provid[ing] community tools for researchers of all levels to share their science, connect with their peers, and respond to scientific data. Researchers can see and hear scientists describe their scientific research, join specific interest communities, participate in scientific discussions, and create a comprehensive multimedia representation of their own research." font-family: monospace; background-color: #fff5c7; color: #000; padding:1em; border:1px solid #ffe87d; line-height:1.5; "It is better to explicitly list the fonts that best match the body text before monospace." What does that even mean? And I chose monospace only as not everyone has Consolas or Andale Mono installed. As for the line-height: I went for a balance between easy legibility and still getting lots of text in the space. But I guess it's up to the OP to fiddle with the spacing issues. Let me introduce you to bookmarklets, specifically the "zap" bookmarklets: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html one problem right off the bat with dibs.net is that, as with seemingly 100% of US-based sites relying on geo-location information, it fails horribly outside of the (US-based) developer's market: I'm currently in Lucerne, central Switzerland, yet it put me in Emmen, a sleepy suburb north of Lucerne. Edit: A quick re-test with the google map thingy shows me that dibs.net doesn't even want to know about Lucerne, and instead is fixated on suburbs and villages around Lucerne :( My advice: Until there's some magical geolocation service that works 100% all of the time, don't offer it. I know I can change it on your site, but many many many people won't be doing that. A better design for Craigslist has already been done here: http://craigslist.thebignoob.com/ You said it: Nearly identical. But in Europe, and more so in Switzerland where distances aren't so vast as in the US, 4.4km is "far away". Sounds silly, but it's true. As for "my issue", it's the fact that I'm in more or less dead-central Lucerne, yet I can't for the life of me get the google maps widget to interact with your geolocation script to show "Lucerne". It gives me "Within 0 miles of" and then a list of suburbs and villages just outside of Lucerne: Emmen (4km away), Horw (about the same distance), Kriens (just outside of Lucerne), and Weggis, which is about 20km further down and on the other side of the lake! :D My experience with Java is that the bosses of MegaCorp Inc. see banks & insurances using it, so it must be good. The result is cost on the project being multiplied by, oh, a factor of 10, and the release date pushed back to sometime next leap year. hey there, YH buddy :D i'll go ahead and put the SA forums (forums.somethingawful.com) out there. A ton of IT pros, most of the subforums are not filled with the cliché'd "SA goon" crap, and it costs $5 per user account, keeping many many morons out. And yes, I have stairs in my house. a link would be good...? Use the "zap" bookmarklet, found here: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html Add it to your bookmarks toolbar, and any site you use it on will turn all text into black-on-white (in fact, it gets rid of most background colors and images), remove anything flash-based, links are changed to blue & underlined, etc. That, and the fact that the article is horribly written. It's like the editor went "Holy &#!! it's 9/11 coming up! Quick, someone write an article!" half an hour before going to press. How about a "No posts on the economy and/or politics" month? Say, November? :D Anyone posting on said topics and ignoring the rule will get their karma points reset to 1. What I don't understand is, why haven't all these clever people, kicked out of the app store on spurious grounds (Apple: "it kinda sorta almost looks like something we've already done or are about to unveil"), banded together to make a simple installer for their apps, something like a jailbreaking wrapper for their app: You make your "illegal" iPhone app, stuff it thru the wrapper which then creates a .dmg installer file. Users then double-click the .dmg, the wrapper searches for your iPhone, if its not jailbroken it asks you whether you want to jailbreak it (with an option to download the latest jailbreak version), then installs the app. A few things: You position your app as a "collaborative editor", yet it took me almost two and a half minutes on the videocast to even get a look at it. I know you want to show how easy it is to sign up, but is that really necessary? You're not selling a sign-up/sign-in page, you're selling your service. Furthermore, if I were selling an app that does collaborative editing, I wouldn't harp on on the whole "revision control system" angle. It's redundant knowledge - I know it's there by seeing the amount of dates & times (and it's also briefly shown in the videocast), so I'll use it when I need it. See how Wikipedia does it: They don't go on and on about how each page has a "History". All that they do is put an "edit" button on each page or page section. Less in your face == much happier users. Next, when I read the description, I was thinking of something like MS Word, online, with multiple people working on the same document, yet it comes across as an ajax-ified blog engine: "Version 1 by Nick today at nn:nn pm" isnt really information I need staring back at me at all times. Some nit-picks: I would edit out the breathing-into-the-mic. No offense, but it's kinda grating :) And Charlie sounds kinda bored/indifferent... Want to buy or sell a used copy of On Lisp? http://www.google.com/search2001/search?hl=en&q=%22Paul+... How did this make the front page? A list of mostly basic advice (Semantic URLs? Really?), riddled with spelling mistakes, and a smattering of django-specific stuff thrown in for padding? maybe the answer lies in the facts that a) django isn't a company, and b) the DSF has these members: http://www.djangoproject.com/foundation/ What ever happened to those Steorn dudes? why is this typo-riddled article, full of "folksy" tales, on the front page? "save money and reinvest profits"? is that so, cap'n obvious? :D i misread the title and thought that at least one of the "Big Three" had finally gotten it, and was starting to make SMART-size cars. Dang. i heartily recommend Mischa McLachlan, http://www.zyotism.com/ BLINK still works in mozilla-based browsers, afaik I think once Google's tactics become too nasty, we should all have a "Block Google" month, editing our robots.txt to block Google for one month. The less data they have, the less they'll be able to ram ads down our throats. They probably only show it for supported OSes... I'm on a Mac, and since there's no "official" port yet, there's no Chrome adverts. Probably the same for every non-Windows OS. You could use PHPMyAdmin: Go to the "export" tab and use the "Save as file" option The company I work at is using it for a CMS. Drawbacks of it seem to be large initial download (Total initial download for the CMS's files is 1.1Mb, of which almost 900Kb is JS), and some stability problems after leaving it running for a day. As for the community "problem", in addition to pay-for support, there's a also lively forum and IRC channel. Not too big a fan of it, imho the benefit of using extJS seems to be a large download, and dropshadow'd floaty DHTML-windows. Meh. Try and get them in to a "gotcha" moment: The next time they ask some question already answered on the wiki, point them to it, instead of giving them the answer (unless it's critical that they need the answer RIGHT NOW). Nudge 'em to explore, and then go to the next step by telling them they can edit all and everything, and add new pages. Fox News? Really? On HN? Then again, once Google gets wind of this scheme, Mahalo's pages will be listed somewhere around, oh, page 50.