Still don't understand why this site has any respect, they just spammed Google results then locked the answers behind a sign up wall to build their userbase. You know it's bad when Gruber's blog is being held up as a less biased alternative. He's been so soft on them lately on anything except the Watch, even then he's been pretty soft. > The cable bends very unnaturally and is gradually torn from the magnetic connector Same thing happens with the Magsafe anyway, the eco friendly material they decided to use frays too easily. Just means they can't use certain OS X tech like iCloud > when most of their target audience will never even make the thing sweat Really? First thing I thought when I saw it was how cool it would be for 3D sculpting. There are more uses for high end GPUs than gaming. >If they had "offered a touch screen instead", the users would have to hold their hand horizontally which would get tiring in about 5 minutes and unbearable after 10. Works fine for iPad users on the sofa. This is the same logic as "iPhone users only ever use the bundled headphones anyway so why need a jack?" (which also can't be used with the new MBP) > Traditionally, such file managers use function keys for common tasks (eg. copy with F5) On Mac, you have to press Fn to get the function keys, which is very inconvenient or just press cmd+c, easier than reaching to the touch bar. I'd actually say devs (web/mobile) are one of the only professionals served by this laptop. They don't need high powered GPUs. This however is a massive kick in the face to anyone working in design, art, 3D, video editing or effects. The only other professional this seems to target is the professional blogger. What were people upset about with the last retina macbook pro refresh? What were people upset about with the last retina macbook pro refresh? > My audio doesn’t work From the article. Not sure why people still pass this around as if it's positive. This reminds me a time when I used to work closely with a development team in a startup, it was very frustrating to work with them because every little modification to things like functionality, Git workflow, Javascript framework and the like would be accompanied with several hours of "dev strategy" and scrum meetings, time that the developers would waste thinking and prototyping new ideas for the tech stack for their managers, I say "waste" because most of the time they would end up with a system similar if not identical to the original. re-branding != a logo. This is like whinging that an entire e-commerce system was just the compiled index.html Someone with nearly 30K followers would feel this way. Can't say I see that much that needs saving as an average user of the service. I'd actually rather it crumble and see what someone more competent can do in the space. Worrying that they outlived displays and Mac Pros Rumours to ATP.fm podcast (very close ties with apple employees) has heard a bunch of stuff including "No one is working on the Mac Pro" >How many Pebbles do you see in the wild? Now, how many Apple Watches do you see? Almost the same number for me. That said I barely see any Apple watches and most people I know who bought them have left them in the bedside drawer long ago Their internal target would have absolutely been "Less than 5mil+ is total failure". Low goal is just good for PR and means you actually get some money rather than none if you fall short of your secret real goal quicksave/quickload encourages bad game design. Look at games with save anywhere abilities that include elements of chance like Skyrim and Fallout. So you are able to pickpocket and use charm in these games but because you can save anywhere does anyone ever live with the chance these things fail? Of course not they just try>reload>try>reload>try>succeed. Making that whole skill set pointless and the mechanic pointless Great example of someone justifying engineer driven design over user driven design. Not understanding at all why it was made that way in the first place. > You can ship a fully compliant USB-C 3.1 cable for probably 40 cents more than a cheap version. It makes no sense to start a rollout this way, especially from a company like Apple You're talking about the company that no longer ships power cables with a little plastic clip to keep them tidy and now sells the extended lead as an extra, both of which have been in every one of their laptop chargers for 15 years+ > and also dabble in cars Nice they get to dabble in cars so a handful of SV/SF CEOs can drive around in a space black siri powered car in a few years. What a worthwhile endeavour. Meanwhile the tool I use all day every day at my job is getting worse and worse and the tipping point where PC maintenance and dealing with Windows is starting to look very inviting to gain access to that raw computing power their platform is failing to provide. > Apple just built a space-age campus as big as a town Wonder how much director time was spent signing off the minutiae of that project VS these so called Pro laptops and the touchbar as a concept over the past 2 years. think people in the industry are just desperate to try and find justification and sanity where there really is none because it makes them feel the whole system is more stable than it truly is. The reality is there is no reason for GitHub to have this much funding and spend so frivolously. This should be a warning. It's not a nightmare scenario, they literally let terrorists use the platform no problem Tired of hearing devs reel off these projects like they actually matter. None of that is user facing, none of that is worth the thousands of employees. Stop looking at everything with dev eyes. Someone will reply to this reeling off things like bootstrap etc as if they actually matter and justify the millions in high expense developers > Or Photoshop Consistent 20-30% processor usage no matter what the processor when not in focus and no files open. Getting tired of people pointing out that "it was never accurate, it doesn't know if you're going to open a game in 20 minutes" as if it's some sort of massive revelation and justifies this move just to make up for their design problems with their latest laptop because the shaped battery didn't work out in time to ship. > if it runs on the GPU It will struggle to function at all seen as no Apple machine ships with a decent CUDA card. > There are flaws that make this model a definite downgrade from previous models Only if you go back to the 5, in form factor/design it's an upgrade in absolutely every way over the abysmal 6-series apart from the headphone jack. Back of the 6 is full of dirty antenna lines, the materials it was made out of look and feel cheap and slippy, the camera wart is just another component stuck to the back. 7 has a premium black option again finally that provides much needed grippyness, camera thought still warty is an equal distance from the edge not lopsided and actually machined out the case, antenna lines are finally almost invisible again. The current Mac Pro is mostly designed to work in studios where everything is on network storage. If you're working on video over the network you can use two ethernet cables for faster network access Just find it utterly surprising anyone is willing to invest time bringing Dropbox products (other than their core storage product) into their workflow considering their track record of killing off even popular products. >Were those not acquisitions that withered as opposed to Dropbox new product ventures? Why on earth should that make any difference to the end user? Bottom line is they shipped them and then canned them. > To be fair a majority of the big technology companies all write their own tooling for many things that already exist because they didn't quite fit the way they needed them Too many engineers syndrome comes to mind too. Great tech, shame about the name Shocked Ash Thorp had anything to do with the remake, thought he understood the original film better than this. Taking his self initiated GITS project into consideration. >please recognize the determination it takes to make it that far. Why do you say this? Isn't it more likely that many women prefer to take on the role of a mother, and if they've been in a high paid engineering position they likely have a partner who can provide for both of them while they raise children. Slaving away at an engineering career doesn't seem all that appealing after you've had the rewarding experience of raising your children. > So, Facebook’s argument is essentially that because there are not as many women in higher-ranked engineering roles, their code is subject to more scrutiny. But it’s problematic that women, which only make up 17 percent of Facebook’s technical department, are not in higher-ranking roles Think it's time SV faced up to the fact it needs affirmative action for engineers who identify as women. This problem isn't going away, anonymised code reviews would be beneficial too to fight male managers in-built prejudices. Remember when people kept claiming Facebook buying Instagram wasn't a bad thing because "they're not ruining it" "They're just leaving it as the same old Instagram". Why not sell your data to actual public transport to make their systems better? Why must startups keep reinventing busses (without the poor people) There is a reason installations list the materials they're made of in the title card. Take a work like Love Remembered [1] this could have been easily created using actual pills but making the piece with actual pills is a completely different work of art than painstakingly sculpturing a representation of real pills. The same way Crematorium [2] could have been recreated using sculptured cigarette butts and a synthetic smoke smell but it wouldn't be the same experience as walking up to the piece and about a meter or so away the stale stench of smoke hits you (the piece genuinely reeks) and knowing that it's real stale cigarettes. [1] http://www.damienhirst.com/images/hirstimage/DHS6220DtlL1_77... [2] http://www.damienhirst.com/images/hirstimage/DHS469rt1_771_0... Think this is only one side of the story though, what about people who had worked there just doing their job and you're being told there is something wrong with your culture and this person is being brought in to fix it. It's a big company the whole thing can't just be a frat house there must at least be some percentage of decent people trying to do a job that are now being told there is something wrong with them. (Not to mention the whole idea of a remote worker involved in any sort of culture change is utterly absurd) To me you're all arguing about the wrong issue. Some data scientist made a small survey faux pas, and now they're being called out in a lengthy blogpost about how bad and un-inclusive the company was to work for. How can anyone work with this person without feeling like they're standing on eggshells? How must the woman who wrote the survey who was just doing her job feel today if she reads this? Disappoints me that major creative tools for VR are mostly being pushed out by the likes of Google and FB who are extremely likely to drop the projects within the next 2 years as their objectives shift because they're not creative tools companies. Would be much happier if some indie devs took up this space. > they felt perfectly justified in escalating the situation So they should have been, being accused of transphobia is a serious accusation. Anyone accused of anything like transphobia, homophobia, islamaphobia or any other of these discriminations is absolutely right to escalate the matter straight away to their manager or HR. > The data scientist was not even named She was gendered, how many data scientists work at GH? How many are female? She was narrowed down enough that she may as well have been named IMHO and transphobic is a serious mark on her character. Especially from someone who has tried to push people off projects before for being transphobic. This seems like a petty thing to complain about to me considering how excellent the tech is and how it makes interactive graphics attainable for so many people. Babies are not born with beliefs they can't change. But they are born with a race they can't change. It's not the same. TIL being Chinese isn't an objective fact it's something you can stop being true if raised in the right society. By this logic white people raised in certain parts of America are African Americans.