how we make $350/day without marketing Designing a logo which stands out compared to competitors around you: I would say this is a textbook case of marketing. Having said that, it is clever using a free marketing opportunity like that, and, even better, being (one of) the first to realize there's a huge opportunity there. All I hope is that I won't be asked to punch any monkeys while browsing the AppStore any time soon. :) I've actually seen a BBC Horizon documentary a while ago, "Do You Know What Time Is?" [ http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00fyl5z ], that also talks about this. On top of all the theoretical background, they interview people at the US Army that manage the GPS sattelites, and show how they have to resync the internal clocks every day because of this. Worth a watch if you like this kind of material. EDIT: Sorry, I believe it was a different episode: "What On Earth Is Wrong With Gravity?" [ http://www.bbc.co.uk/sn/tvradio/programmes/horizon/broadband... ] Here are the online video links to both episodes: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3aYKAJEVfQ http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-421765295887486158 eight Stop making sense! The only solution would be for Twitter to acquire Bitly and their complex code base, how else are the inflated prices going to be justified ? http://www.techcrunch.com/2009/03/30/if-bitly-is-worth-8-mil... Your service looks awesome, especially the "we'll keep nagging you until you f...ing respond" aspect. I've looked at a lot of similar services in the last few months (you have no idea how relevant your startup is to me at this time), and I definitely am interested. One thing I'm wondering about is why you have no international calls. I would love to pay (a lot) more money if you could support international calls. Without that, the service is only half as useful, and I will sleep only half as good during the night. :-) I wonder whether the author used the 'optimize_for=SPEED' parameter in Protocol Buffers. Seems relevant, and since the author didn't mention it, I suppose he probably didn't. I personally have a hard time accepting that PB is actually orders of magnitude slower than JSON, especially given the fact that PB prides itself in its efficiency. i believe their point is that twitter has an open API and encourages app development on top of its platform everywhere it can, but it simultaneously will pick a golden app that creates a huge barrier of entry to the next "good idea" in that area. But if Twitter decided to implement their own redirection service, there would be no problem, right ? As in, would you still consider that as an innovation barrier ? I know a lot of the innovation for url redirection services should be looked for in the data mining area, and you need lots of data for data mining. But these tr.im posts all give me the impression they feel like they're entitled to a share of the traffic Twitter generates. They're not, and never will be. Twitter is entitled to decide what they do with their traffic. They could've implemented their own redirection service, they didn't, and decided to go for a single url redirection service. Perhaps precisely to keep the innovation going in that area (url redirection is Bitly's core business, thus they will take the data more seriously), while on the other hand keep the service reliable and predictable. If your entire business depends upon the grace of a single company, and you don't do anything to break your business out of that, you've just got a bad business model which is destined to give you a lot of headaches, and even will make you fail. And yes, I'm looking at you too, AppStore developers. Quit whining already! It's the ultimate form of "eating your own dogfood". Why do people always feel the need to overgeneralize things ? From http://uitrends.com/2009/09/03/command-line-interfaces-dont-... : command line interfaces are back again, hiding under the name of search No, they are not. Yes, it's also a box in which you type text, hit return and see results. But a command-line tells a computer to do stuff, a search box tells a computer (Google) to retrieve stuff. By stating that search engines are the new commandline, well, it's not as silly as claiming the web is the new OS, but it's close. The only reasons I can see why they make these generalizations is either that they don't understand what a commandline does, or it simply brings them more attention. I suspect the latter. You have to keep in mind the audience Techcrunch is appealing to: a lot of these rockstars probably really think wisdom comes with intelligence instead of the years. What I'm wondering about, though, is the rest of these younger entrepreneurs: I understand that the older entrepreneurs of course make better decisions, but I wonder how much of these younger entrepreneurs (wrongfully) think they are just as capable, and thus something like Dunning-Kruger was taking effect. I try to reflect this on myself, 26 years old and founder of a startup, and I am fully aware of my inexperience. I personally attempt to compensate that problem by gathering more experienced people around me, but in the end, there is only so much you can do about it. I do think, however, that knowing you don't know everything at least allows you to be more aware when you're likely to make a mistake. Both: I am licensing to companies myself, and yeah, it's also a damn good revenue model. Wait. I must be missing something: Since computers have trouble reading squiggly words like these, CAPTCHAs are designed to allow humans in but prevent malicious programs from scalping tickets or obtain millions of email accounts for spamming. But there’s a twist — the words in many of the CAPTCHAs provided by reCAPTCHA come from scanned archival newspapers and old books. Computers find it hard to recognize these words because the ink and paper have degraded over time, but by typing them in as a CAPTCHA, crowds teach computers to read the scanned text. The way I understand this, is that the user is presented letters from archival newspapers and must type in the text he sees, and recaptcha uses that text to improve OCR. But doesn't that imply that recaptcha was unable to interpret the scanned text before ? If so, how can it then verify the correctness of the text the user types in ? If not, how exactly is this helping OCR ? Furthermore, it seems to imply that being a business owner makes you happy. It could just as well be that people who often take control of their lives and actively pursue what makes them happy, which perhaps has a huge influence on their natural happiness, are more likely to become business owners. Your relationship with your friends will change because of something like that, it is very very nice of you to want to share the wealth, but someone that has a sense of honour themselves will either have to refuse your offer or they will accept and it will hurt their sense about themselves. That depends very much on the way you bring it. Indeed, if you offer to pay off their debts, of course it will hurt their ego. But if you bring it like "here's 50 grand, i don't need it, i care about you, do with it what you want", well, most people will have a hard time rejecting it. Since they don't associate it with their debt, but rather as part of sharing in your success. Link explaining the Zimmerman case, for people who are curious too: http://www.gimonca.com/personal/archive/philzima.html Woa there! They embedded an entire flight sim in Google Earth ? That's a lot of work and pretty impressive for an easter egg, even when coming from Google! I wonder how they justify the effort put into those things.. 20 percent time perhaps ? Yeah well, when you have a flight sim in your program, you almost have to do something useful with it, not ? I just wonder where they got the time to build it in the first place. As far as i know, it's not like Google had a flight sim in their portfolio before. > A community operated social news site Aren't all social news site community operated ? > Because transparency is not a just a plastic film Reveals nothing about your business. > We are "Open for business" Reveals nothing about your business. I personally think it's important to both emphasize that you're a social news site and that you pay the users for their contributions. Something like "Social news shared both ways", not sure -- I find it easier to criticize bad slogans than to come up with good alternatives. I just meant that C# isn't that good and never will be as good for quick scripting. Only if you don't know anything else. Often, the best tool for the job is the language you feel most comfortable with. Because Apple makes it very clear in their TOS that they don't want that. And obviously, the iSinglePayer app is politically charged. The developer of the app decided to develop it anyway, and now he's claiming he's being censored. It's kind of silly, actually. People seem to think they have some fundamental right to be approved into the AppStore, which is simply not the case. Okay, according to that definition, you may be right. Ultimately, I think it's up to a judge to decide; censorship is not as black and white. Take Google for example. They automatically filter various type of sites from their index (phishing, link farms, etc). According to the definition on Wikipedia, that is censorship too: it's communicative material, which is considered harmful by Google. Ok in that case, indeed, censorship can be applied. But to me, that means it completely loses its value: in essence, it would be the same as "filtering", which I don't think is the intent of the law. You mean censorship isn't illegal in the US ? As far as I was aware, censorship is outlawed in most Western countries, by protecting freedom of speech. Okay, so if I understand you correctly, freedom of speech is violated by censorship, but censorship doesn't always violate freedom of speech. Guess my interpretation for the word always was wrong. I figured censorship meant the act of limiting freedom of speech; you seem to define censorship as any act of filtering. Would you classify Google's filtering of web content as censorship ? If not, how is that different from Apple filtering AppStore applications ? Okay, you make a good case and I agree with your point. Thanks for the discussion. :) I don't really agree about Hadoop. MapReduce is interesting for some applications but it's not the only thing out there. We did extensive analysis of MapReduce at my new company and it clearly wasn't suitable for our needs. You say that as if MapReduce is the only thing you can do with Hadoop. It has a key/value datastore too, and since recently a relational database: http://db.cs.yale.edu/hadoopdb/hadoopdb.html I was wondering about that too. Perhaps they all made more than $1000 a month ? I couldn't find out how many startups they surveyed, so it might as well be only 3 startups. The article makes a good point, but I don't think I'd call it the death of authenticity. A deceptive banner ad is just the new version of a fast-talking door-to-door salesman. It's the method of reaching consumers with the lowest barrier to entry, and that's why it is so popular with the inauthentic. That is a good point. On top of it, it is merely a matter of choice: you can still make "authentic" ads online, but just because the internet doesn't require you to do so, you see so many inauthentic ads online. I personally still vividly remember that Nintendo WII ad that ran on youtube about a year ago, which played a youtube video and after a few seconds the whole page started to fall apart ("shake it", see: http://mikeabundo.com/2008/09/25/shaking-wii-youtube-ad/ ). That is quality online advertising, and it has just as good an effect as quality TV advertising. I think the real lesson to learn here is to never assume anything. They assumed performance wouldn't be a problem, so they didn't test for it when prototyping, and they didn't make those tests part of their development cycle. It's tough, these things, especially if you're talking about a feature you personally appreciate a lot. The article talks about the performance problems leading focus away from actively marketing these solutions, which makes me wonder: if properly marketed, would this have been a killer feature ? The fact that they decided to get rid of it suggests no. However, are they putting the code in the freezer for a while until they fix these issues and re-release it ? Or is it simply a problem that can only be properly solved by giants like Google ? Guess that's my bad for assuming you thought performance wouldn't be a problem. :-) I think it's due to a different focus: PostgreSQL chose to be "correct" and feature-complete, while MySQL deliberately didn't implement the full SQL standard, and went for ease of use and, arguably, the best performance. You see this pattern all over the world, Unix versus Windows coming to mind. The best technical implementation of your software doesn't guarantee the best position in the market, even in a tech market. Exactly. I wonder whether he would have won the price if he was the successor of, say, Clinton instead of Bush. I'd say, just let HN run its course and it'll figure itself out. The more policy and rules you try to add the more soul you take away from it. The problem is, when you let social network sites "figure itself out", the end result is, in my not so humble opinion, usually an emotional, harsh and perhaps childish community. Maybe HN has the advantage of being connected to YCombinator, and thus has a reduced risk of this happening, but the risk is still there. Besides, there are elements of HN that do manipulate the community to make it what it is: for example, not being able to downvote posts until a certain karma level has been reached (thus focusing on the positive rather than the negative). Personally, and I think I speak for more people in this community, the existence of HN is a huge relief considering the state of today's online communities. It would be a waste if the nature of HN would be lost due to a lack of foresight in controlling this very nature. I don't fully agree with the article's point, and I certainly don't like the tone: to me, it sounds like a useless rant and it seems as if the poster is using symptoms of a sloppy QA as proof of a lack of expertise of the Google engineers. These are two different things. Having "the world's best engineers" should mean that you are able to solve problems that no one else can. That your engineers recognize possibilities and see solutions where no one else can. I can actually argue that because they (supposedly) hire engineers with such great expertise, the QA department suffers. A common symptom of smart people is that they don't want to be bothered with dumb, repetitive tasks (read: testing, QA, etc) but rather want to solve interesting problems. Besides, it would be a bit weird to expect smart people to not make any mistakes. People always make mistakes, no matter how smart they are. If mistakes are noticeable to the end user, in the end it's due to an error in the business processes, not a human error. I'm not familiar with MogileFS, so if my comments below are incorrect when applied to MogileFS, then I'm sorry. GFS/HDFS are officially called filesystems, but they're about as much as a filesystem as a Samba server: they expose files to the outside world, with some extra layers of abstraction you can mount the filesystems under Linux, but in essence they live on top of existing filesystems themselves and have nothing in common with the traditional filesystems, where you operate on a block device. A SAN, otoh, is such a block device and traditional filesystems operate on them. This means that you can run a RDBMS on a SAN, while you can't on GFS/HDFS. This covers a common use case where you have a central expensive database server, with dozens of terrabytes of storage in a SAN, which you see in a lot of large corporations. But we believe the way to get around this issue is to build ZFS as a module with a CDDL license, it can still be loaded in the Linux kernel. Though it would be restricted to use the non- GPL symbols, but as long as that rule is adhered to there is no problem of legal issues. I can't believe it really is that simple ? If so, why hasn't anyone mentioned this before ? Call me old-fashioned, but I see work as the ultimate form of decency. Why ? I do not see a designer as someone critical to the success of a startup -- you can safely hire an external designer who isn't necessarily as passionate about the company and still get a very decent design. Furthermore, I kinda see design as a problem that needs to be solved once, while technical and sales/marketing problems continuously arise and need to be solved. Disclaimer: I'm in a niche enterprise market, so design is less important for me than startups developing for consumers. I think you are certainly right that design is less of a success factor in the enterprise, though 37 Signal shows that a bit of design can get people excited about a fairly underfeatured (intentionally or not) product. Yeah, that reminds of client who once told me "people want their beer with foam" as a metaphore: no matter where you go, people are still people, and they like to be pampered. Good PR lesson: even if you're a fucked up company and someone calls you out on it, if you admit the problem and take proper steps quickly people will likely forgive you and perhaps even like you for it. Its not about open source vs closed source, its about corporate development in which you are a developer with non-developers deciding what is important VS the developer has the last say. So, to sum it up, developers are claiming developing software is better when developers are in charge ? I'm shocked. MongoDB really is an interesting project. It really does fill a gap between key/value stores and relational databases. At my company, we've been using MongoDB for about half a year: it was the only project that provided auto-sharding, replication, stored procedures, commercial support, and, last but not least, the ability to detect race conditions when multiple clients are writing the same data. Pretty impressive, if you ask me. MongoDB is going to be big. There's more information here: http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Licensing The way I understand it, is that they use AGPL to prevent people from running their own customized mongodb daemons without publishing the patches. This solves the "problem" of web services customizing code and not publishing patches because they're technically not distributing any code. Note that this doesn't apply to the client drivers, so you can still safely link the drivers into your code and/or modify these drivers. Well, I don't have a blog, and I don't want to get into too much detail, but I can give a quick overview of our main usage. Basically, the core problem we needed to solve was to have a reliable datastore which is able to detect race conditions when multiple webservers are handling the same data (in essense, multiple webservers handling a request from the same visitor). To do this, we use a simple compare-and-swap trick: each object has a version number which is transmitted when an object is read, and this version number is transmitted back when the object is updated: only when the "old" version numbers match, an update is performed, otherwise an error is thrown, and the webserver re-processes the entire request from the start. I believe a similar trick is used in memcached for CAS operations, and it works great in situations where the chance of a race condition occurring is relatively small. Now, for all this to work, we need to have a datastore that lets us atomically compare and swap these objects: this is where, for us, projects based on Amazon Dynamo start to become suboptimal. I believe it's theoretically possible to detect race conditions with such projects if you set the amount of writers to more than half the amount of replicas, but it just starts to give you a feeling you're using it for an unintended purpose. MongoDB, on the other hand, provides the ability to define stored procedures. Furthermore, they guarantee that this happends atomically: only one client can update a single object at the same time, which is a great guarantee. Because of this, we could write a trivial stored procedure that takes 2 arguments (the old version number and the replacement object), and does the compare-and-swapping. I even believe MongoDB can do "update if these fields still match these values" operations nowadays, so it looks like this functionality is even integrated within MongoDB. Of course, in addition to this, we also need the datastore to be highly available and limit the risk of data loss as much as possible: MongoDB has this area covered really well, and automatic failover is implemented within the client drivers. And this is basically all there's to it. Because of the guarantees MongoDB provides, the work we needed to do was reduced to a minimum. Of course, features like ad-hoc querying and their plans to implement map/reduce capabilities help too (we've already invested a lot of time into Hadoop and Map/Reduce applications, so it all fits). All in all, it seems MongoDB just came into existence at exactly the right time for us, and the people developing it seem like a very active, passionate bunch of people. I haven't got regret choosing them. You are correct: a single server indeed has a high risk of losing data for the reasons you describe. I was talking about replication: by making sure all data is replicated, for example, 4 times across 2 datacenters, you limit that risk a lot. There is a small timespan between writing data and all replicas picking it up, but if you make sure your servers aren't overloaded, this usually is very small. Having said that, I agree that there is room for improvement, for example using WAL and sync points like you describe. You're forgetting one way more important thing: logs. Your access patterns to Google's sites is way more important than the information you see on this dashboard; based on your access patterns, most of the information in that dashboard can be predicted anyway. That makes me wonder what "anonymous" actually means. As I understand it, Google anonymizing the logs in fact means they don't store any information that can lead directly back to you: as in, based on a single log file, they couldn't say who you are. In the greater context of things, however, it is not anonymous: based on your previous access patterns, and your current ( This all reminds me of some research from Germany I heard about a few years ago: basically, if you have someone's ZIP code, age, gender and education, you can get a > 99% accuracy resolving who this person is in real life. His point basically is that, compared to Twitter, Google is unimportant for News Corp, traffic-wise. Which I personally find hard to believe. "On the other hand, an antivirus program with up-to-date signatures will protect you from a lot of threats. It'll protect you against viruses, against spyware, against Trojans -- against all sorts of malware. It'll run in the background, automatically, and you won't notice any performance degradation at all" Now, this may be a bit off-topic, but does anyone know about which software he's talking ? I personally find that most of the virus scanners try desperately to let you know how effective they are, constantly notifying what they have done to help you, to validate their existence. On the other hand, you have the more minimalistic virus scanners, like ClamAV, but I really can't tell if they're effective or not. I fear they are not. Anyone has recommendations for a good virus scanner that doesn't suck ? Perhaps pg can make this a request for startups, please ? It's about time this whole industry stopped sucking. :) That is weird, especially given that modding console is completely legal over here in The Netherlands: using it to play games you don't own is illegal. I would've guessed Microsoft would target the users playing pirated games instead of playing on modded X-Boxes. Now it seems like they're also targeting users that prefer to play using a backup DVD instead of the original, which to me seems like a pretty fair use case.