I think the difference between your broken and his broken is that his are actual bugs & crashes and yours are actually more like personal preferences and interface differences. MS Office products are generally rock solid, while OpenOffice/LibreOffice have crashed on me too many times to count. Plus buggy functionality, etc. I might be wrong, some examples from both sides wouldn't hurt :) It's because in this day and age, I shouldn't be turning the lights off, ever. They should be turning themselves off. We humans are quite bad at rote work... Well, even among developers there's clustering. So not many developers are "most productive" using those DVCS. Probably because they have never heard of them or never used them, but it doesn't really matter right now. If your name is Git, you're number 1 in the DVCS space. If your name is Mercurial, you're a distant 2. If your name is neither of them, only a few people have ever heard of you. Sort of like this: http://xkcd.com/435/ And ideally, too, "the little man" should also have a gun, for a course of action against aggressive entities. I'm an European, I guess we just don't get it (the US legal system or the gun laws). Does it work with Cygwin? About Icefrog - I can't really say anything about his programming skills - I think he must be decent since he optimized the JASS scripts used by the Warcraft 3 engine and he also created tons of fun stuff using it. As a comparison, his predecessor, Guinsoo, had created a map with a 10 minute loading time (!). In Icefrog's reign I don't think any map had a loading time above 1-2 minutes on a decent computer. Anyway, getting back to the topic - I don't know about his strength as a programmer, but I think we could all learn from him as a community leader. Anonymous leader, rallied a lot of people around him (a few other coders, a lot of testers, a TON of contributors), gave Dota a rhythm, a release flow that made Dota huge. You'd play the game knowing that game crashing bugs would be fixed ASAP, that game play balance issues would be resolved, that the next version would make everything just BETTER. A ton of dedication and hard work didn't hurt either :) First thing that hit me when I visited the link was a huge newsletter overlay on top of the blog, with the blog grayed out in the background. I think that the blog author might be one of the people you mention (the "viral" kind) :) That's because they don't have nice, human readable COM (and WMI) wrappers. I don't think they had time to implement them - they kept adding more and more from v1 to v2 and v3. Every time you have Win32 spilling over in Powershell, it looks like crap (0xA). The personal license (aka a person owns it, not a company) is €179. From time to time they have huge discounts - they had a Black Friday discount of 75%. Recently there was a 50% discount. Just watch the news on reddit or here :) This is a good article about this problem: http://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-personal-names Except for the fact that it was last updated in 2008 :( I'm guessing he's a Digital Ocean employee :) If he's just the CEO then he's an employee :) For Jenkins - they took almost all the users. I doubt we'll hear much about Hudson in 5 years time, unless something major happens. I think only Oracle, Sonatype and a handful of other companies are using Hudson these days. All the companies I know have migrated to Jenkins. Aaaand the AppStore basically destroys Open Source since it doesn't allow distribution of GPL programs. If that's not FOSS hostile, I don't know what is... This is the initial, rough port to Blink. I'm quite sure that as development advances it will look a lot less like Chrome and a lot more like Opera. They should definitely move this from their homepage. Right now it's the default download = BAD IDEA. Considering the font antialiasing problems and all the missing features, the should probably make it the default download around 16 or maybe even 17. They're rushing it and it might hurt them badly. Reputation loss is hard to recover from :) > If you buy certain instances you get can a better connection to EBS, and then you can allegedly buy better I/O for $ You actually buy provisioned IO. The throughput can be actually smaller in some scenarios than for non-provisioned IO, provided you: don't have neighbors or they are not noisy. And boy, is that provisioned IO expensive (we've bought quite a bit of EBS volumes). > Gameplay-wise, DotA is very cutthroat in that a single hero can go rambo and 1v5 the other team if he gets out of control, while LoL generally allows you to come back if you play smartly with your team. The same thing happens in Dota, too (especially if you play smart). The game has very good comeback mechanics. If you're losing you'll be fighting closer to your base (so it takes less time to buy stuff and to go back and heal), you'll probably be around your towers (so you'll have additional firepower), you'll also have better vision and a position on higher ground (same as in real war - higher ground = better position to fight), you'll probably be underleveled and respawn faster if you die, so you can come back into the fights faster, if you kill the higher leveled enemy you get a LOT of gold and experience, etc. 1v5ing in Dota only happens in very low level games where most people don't know the game and their characters. Sadly, many players don't know it and think it's Quake or something :) Well, for me that's a fault. Why should the search have to begin with the starting letter of the site? Or why should that be favored? I'd rather point me to the most likely site containing that letter/group of letter. Oh well, it's probably personal preference :) I think they're written dozens of times that systemd can run sysvinit scripts. In your experience is that feature not good enough? After hearing both sides of the argument over and over again (for systemd and against systemd), my only regret is that Ubuntu is not replacing upstart with systemd, so that Loonix will have a uniform boot system. To all the systemd naysayers, please read the docs before commenting, 90% of the comments against systemd look like they've been written by someone who: a) hasn't used systemd b) hasn't read anything relevant about systemd Basically most comments come straight out of the blog post about systemd myths. That's really, really sad. ~400+ K in 2 hours. The start is definitely good, we'll have to see if they keep it up. If you're giving Youtube comments as a shining example of quality and stimulating comment, I guess something is totally wrong in this world. Even with the new rating system, the comments on Youtube are the best example of human stupidity. C:\users\myusername - so far so good. C:\users\myusername\work - good. C:\users\myusername\work\projectname1\ - still good. Now checkout here the root of your favorite SCM from a project with 30+ developers. There's a good chance that you'll run into problems. /rant Or wait, let's do it the Unix way! Isn't "etc" obviously "configuration"? And "bin" obviously "programs"? Yes, let's all use short, non-intelligible folder names like they used back in the days of teletypes when we have 24+" monitors. And let's add on top of that some inside jokes from Bell Labs or Berkeley while we're at it ("spawning daemons"). I don't get it: http://workable.com/ & http://workable.com/signup Have you not deployed it or just reverted? Then please say so anywhere on the first page OR the signup page. There's no "trial" or "expiring" mentioned anywhere I can see... Well, you have it easy. So do we, in Romania - phonetic language. You learn the alphabet in the first grade (6-7 years) and you learn how to write words during the 2nd and 3rd grade I think. But basically once you know the alphabet you can pronounce any word. Except for, you guessed it, neologisms, words imported from non-phonetical languages. Plus we have ce/ci/ge/gi/che/chi/ghe/ghi as the only exceptions, no doubled consonnants or actually any doubled other letter for no obvious reason, no long or short sounds. If I want a long "e" (we pronounce "e" - "eh"), I write it "ee" (duh!). Idea = idee. You can hear it, you can write it. You can read it, you can say it. EZ! What we actually learn during school is higher level grammar: syntax, semantics. I'd say that Romanian is like the Python of natural languages :) (same for other phonetic languages) Can you provide more stats? I'm curious for the full list of language stats - which ones are easy to guess, which ones are hard to guess. Well, a rant: * Why does each one of them use different parameters for the same stuff? WHATEVER_URL could be REGION (WHATEVER = EC2, ELB, ETC, ...). One uses a config file for ACCESS_KEY_ID, another one wants a environment variable. Plus they use different names for common stuff. * Why do are the command line arguments named inconsistently across these tools? --whatever, --what-ever * Why don't they fail on command error? Right now this only happens if there's a configuration problem - if you send a command and there's a problem (like S3 access denied), it still returns 0. * Why don't they provide synchronous commands? Right now I have to do the polling myself. Super annoying. Anyway, I've been using the ones included in Amazon Linux - I hope they were the latest version. If the new version fixes this problem, feel free to correct me :) Personal projects are one thing. But company projects involving more than 3 programmers? Forget it! He's right about these projects - you shouldn't rewrite them. First of all the experienced people will probably move on, secondly business pressures will never allow you to do things "just right". I can't tell you how many rewrites I've seen fail, compared to the handful of rewrites that actually achieve their goals. And this is a very risky proposition for a company. Does riding it as a bike recharge the battery? That would be great. This doesn't matter as much now and will matter less and less since most developed countries are moving towards renewable energy. For example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_in_Germany#Sustainable_e... And they are actually doing it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_in_Germany#Renewable_ene... The share of electricity produced from renewable energy in Germany has increased from 6.3 percent of the national total in 2000 to over 25 percent in the first half of 2012. Renewable energy share of gross electricity consumption rose from 10% in 2005 to 20% in 2011. That "wheel" remark was quite poignant, though :) Well, they were real civilizations, bu I doubt anyone would dare to equate their achievements and influence with the Ancient Greeks, Romans, Chinese or Egyptians. Especially for the Incas, it's hard for me to be impressed by their achievements around the year 1400 AD considering what the Egyptians already had achieved by the year 2000BC... French Revolution versus Red October, Mao's Cultural Revolution, gulags and concentration camps for every communist country. In 90% of these "elite trimmings" society is pushed back decades at least. Unruly mobs do not move the world forward. I think most of these development worries are more likely related to language independent deployment issues, mostly static assets processing: optimizing images, minifying Javascript, running CSS preprocessors, versioning everything to prevent caching, generating and copying configuration files, other necessary file/folder transformations for creating a running application. Sure the dependency worries are bothersome too, but I'm not sure they're the whole problem. So basically they are keeping "my" money to: a) use it in case of emegencies b) make more money (interest) Maybe a good business idea but still shady practice. Google's AdWords does the same. And then what happens is that people buy cars from neighboring countries and register them there. Happens here in Romania. A lot of people (overall a small percentage of all the cars on the road, true), register their cars in Bulgaria. Especially from Bucharest easy it's - just a 60km drive to the nearest Bulgarian town where the car can be registered/serviced. Now imagine tens of thousands of mostly quiet, non-polluting cars on a very crowded high way. It would be amazing for the environment. And for the neighboring residential areas ;) I have a Logitech trackball: http://www.logitech.com/assets/32954/3/logitech-wireless-tra... Granted, it doesn't reach console levels of use on most days, but I only clean it once every month or so, and even then it's easy - Logitech has a simple system to pop the ball out and cleaning it is very easy and fast. Using a trackball is definitely not a major chore. I don't know your pet peeves with Outlook, but I've used Outlook 2007 and 2010 for 5 years now. Outside of an annoying "I've changed my AD password 2 weeks ago and you keep asking me for it" bug, Outlook is pretty solid. And as one of the comments below said, try Lotus Notes for a while :o) To have something objectively better - 100% compatibility with Excel + major limitations and bugs fixed + cross platform - more like tens of billions of dollars. Excel is 28 years old and for its entire lifetime it has been one of the focal points of Microsoft development. It is also the center of one of the biggest cottage industries in the software world + servers as an SDK for probably hundreds of thousands of in-house developers. I think such an effort is just an order of magnitude smaller than replacing Windows on desktop systems. And that's saying a lot about Excel :) Now they don't. But they did in the 80s and 90s and guess what, Office won, because it was the best choice. And it's not like they didn't have commercial competitors who couldn't keep up with Microsoft bribes^Wlobbying :) Hetzner? Frankly, this is how command line interfaces should be created: https://github.com/docopt/docopt If only it would be ported to more languages... So because someone doesn't practice what he preaches, a good practice should be avoided? I don't seem to understand your logic. So, basically you should avoid doing something healthy to avoid being branded as something you don't like. And the effort to change the current situation is not worth it because of BS politics. Why would you care if strangers label you somehow? I'd only be worried if that could get me into trouble (police, getting mugged, etc.). I'm guessing doing stuff in London is pretty expensive too, so I doubt that reason is valid. I think he means these: http://caniuse.com/#search=input Firefox doesn't support advanced (and more user friendly) input types. Number, color, date/time. At least that's what I'm guessing.