Funny, that's exactly how I work with Fortran (2008). And I have Syntastic in Vim nag me every time I save if I made a mistake that the compiler catches. A great advantage over C/C++ is that even on 30 000+ LoC projects split into many files, compiling from clean takes less than 30 seconds. "implicit none", of course. I beg your pardon? I've used valgrind for this purpose on large scientific codes running with MPI on supercomputers. And that works fine. The PETSc team at Argonne National Lab, who write perhaps the most used high-performance parallell linear algebra library in existence in C use valgrind for debugging. Surely those count as non-trivial applications? Yes, I'm convinced that someone is already hacking away at this. Just look at the state of all eBook DRM being currently broken, and that's a much tougher nut to crack (and publishers have much higher financial gains at stake). Also, since no-one else has mentioned it: analog hole. Michelson and Morley called, they want their interferometer back. (In case this is too much of an in-joke: your theory was experimentally proven to be false more than a century ago.) There's this thing called a "jasager" that you might also be interested in looking into. Particularly combined with airdrop-ng. I was a bit shocked when I learned how that particular aspect of 802.11 is implemented. I'm on a similar kind of program in Norway, and I agree with you. Sure there are ups and downs, but most people enjoy and recommend the experience. Also, don't make yourself think from the beginning that those Ivy League guys are so much better. Go out there with the intention to kick their ass; that's the only way you will be able to do so. My project is part of an academia-industry collaboration which is funded by the Norwegian Research Council and by three external companies, and organized by a university. This particular collaboration is small, I'm the only PhD student, but there are many others, some quite big. For the people who prefer to bikeshed around gender issues and don't know their history of programming languages: this is not just a pun on that book, but also on the essay "Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal" published in Datamation magazine in 1983. Which is by the way correct in pointing out that Real Men use neither Vi nor Emacs, but TECO. Oh yeah, and Real Man is a gender-neutral title in this context, like "fireman". This setup should be able to do IMSI catching (total hardware cost $750): http://hackaday.com/2014/07/05/a-gsm-base-station-with-softw... Inverted brewing is by far the best, but if you want to stick with the standard method, buying a metal filter helps a lot. Able brewing sells a very good laser-cut stainless steel one. There's a fascinating example in computational studies that partly explains this: if you have people of different groups moving around randomly on a lattice, even a very slight preference (51%/49%) for being next to people in the same group as oneself ends up leading to a self-segregated pattern. EDIT: see e.g http://ccl.northwestern.edu/netlogo/models/Segregation When I started university I had a laptop with a 80 MHz, 8MB memory discrete GPU ;) I believe it was an ATI Rage LT Pro. I've also seen it suggested that the oil price drop is a "stealth" sanction against Russia, but I don't follow the logic. Why do the Saudis want to sanction Russia? Unless one presumes some unspecified quid-pro-quo conspiracy between the US and the Saudis, I don't see it. I thrink driving the volatility up like this slows the investment rate in US shale oil significantly, and that's what the Saudis are doing. There was a discussion of this a few weeks ago on the mailinglist of a scientific software project I use. The people were very clearly divided into the "Flash does it, so it's ok" and "omg no, think of the user privacy" camps, it was quite interesting. That's a good point actually. It fits with the principle of least confusion. (The software I mentioned is a command line tool/library.) Funny story: two years ago, back when anything electronic was banned during takeoff/landing, I was flying to Svalbard. If you don't know it, it's a very beautiful, very cold island north of Norway. During final approach, the sunset was so beautiful that the flight attendants went "ah, screw it" and turned on their phones to take pictures. Naturally everyone else did as well. It's also noteworthy that an apocalyptic or post-apocalyptic setting is vastly easier to write well than a modern technological society. Just the benefits of being able to limit the number of characters interacting to ~ 10 in a plausible way are huge. Unless you're envisioning spacecraft with literally hundreds of astronauts, the first will be anything but easy to solve. Doesn't help having an awesome spaceship if everyone on board goes batshit crazy after six months. RStudio is bringing org-mode to those of us who don't (know|want to learn) emacs. I like it a lot. I, for one, think it's awfully naive to think that all collection of information by the intelligence community is an outrage. Authorities collecting information has been going on for about as long as our species has had language. I guess we had a pretty good history teacher. She drilled into our minds that any important historical event usually had an underlying cause, a corroborating cause and a triggering cause (and often more than one of each category). So for instance on WWI, we learnt not only about Archduke Ferdinand and the Serbian "Black Hand" movement, but also about the geopolitical frictions that already existed between Austria-Hungary and Russia over the Balkan situation, etc. You joke, but a fellow PhD student on exchange from Pakistan mentioned that one successful professor in his university (having published ~ 400 papers on fluid mechanics) would refuse to take on married PhD students, because their wives would limit their working hours too much. Since a large part of initial Tor development was funded by the US Navy and then DARPA, I think it's a safe bet that the NSA et al. have been doing this ever since the first public release. Nice! There was a different tool in the same category, aptly named "Comcast", featured on HN a few weeks ago: https://github.com/tylertreat/Comcast In the US there are, sadly, big financial interests in keeping the prison population high (the prison industry complex). Couple with what seems to be a very high reluctance towards giving someone who is mentally ill treatment instead of prison, and no real public mental health care, and you get what you get. I'm curious as to how you guys manage to crash the OS by using too much RAM. As an engineer, I semi-frequently use up all the RAM+swap on my desktop (running Arch Linux) by various CFD programs, blender etc. When that happens, I go get a cup of coffee, and when I come back the system is OK, except for the offending program which has segfaulted/crashed. I think you would be surprised at how much closer a $200 Canon P&S is to your DSLR than your iPhone both in terms of image quality and precision of operation. If you know how to use one. Example: this was taken with a Canon Powershot A610 that cost me $250 around seven years ago: http://folk.ntnu.no/asmunder/files/images/nudibranch.jpg In petroleum-related industries in Northern and Western Europe you can be looking at $70k a year after your MSc and almost 100 after your PhD. My starting salary was $68k after my MSc, worked 6 months before being given an offer I couldn't refuse to go get a PhD (unpaid leave from the company, getting a $50k/year scholarship from the government and paying zero tuition), expecting to make around $95k when I'm finished and go back to the company. This is on par with statistics I've seen for my industry. Social democracies and all that... Unless you're doing something extremely complicated, linking to data outside the Excel file or abusing Excel for a purpose where some other tool would be far better, this interoperability has been provided by open/libre-office and the various mobile office suites (read-only) for many years. Microsoft's attempts at vendor lock-in notwithstanding. This cloudiness is the wrong solution, the right one would be for MS to stop actively sabotaging interoperability. When I was in school ~ 5 years ago, handing in anything not produced in LaTeX was an automatic fail for the assignment. This was a department rule. I majored in physics though. Never paid a dollar for Office nor Windows (since I don't use them), and I don't ever plan to. Bingo. Though I have Danish friends (at DTU) who are not any worse off. Friends in the UK and France get less during their PhDs, but the engineering salaries before/after seem to be on par with what I said. Actually a quite good, if quite brief, explanation of quasiparticles in various forms. Alas, the author did not give his audience sufficient benefit of the doubt as to embark upon an equally brief explanation of the pn junction as an example, which would have made this so much more interesting. Full disclosure: I am a physicist. I'm going to have to steal your opening quote, for times when I have to keep it real*8. Source? If that's the attack, then it's well known that PGP is also vulnerable to the same thing: http://www.asheesh.org/note/debian/short-key-ids-are-bad-new... I can safely infer from your post that you have never repaired anything on a car. I'm talking about the "getting so dirty you have to use Dawn Ultra as shampoo" part of the experience. Glass wouldn't last a minute. I usually even remove my Casio G-Shock watch. zsh has a nice feature where rm is only interactive if you are deleting everything in a folder. Another safety feature I really like in zsh is to tab-expand wildcards, so I can check that it's not deleting anything it shouldn't. Saying that quantum mechanics is an inherently statistical theory is a blatant misrepresentation. Precisely the point that makes QM so weird is that it is not caused by statistics. In a (properly set up) double slit experiment, a single electron is simultaneously travelling through both slits and causing an interference pattern. Interestingly enough, Motorola is one of the good guys in this regard, and they make very good phones as well: http://solutions-network.org/site-sfhtantalum/ From a CFD perspective, I think this analysis is flawed because of two things: 1) any organization thinking about buying a 1000-core cluster will have at least one in-house code. The reason being that none of the commercial ones really scale well to much beyond 50 cores. And that changes the comparison a lot, since any external support for an in-house code will be really expensive. (If you've ever looked at an in-house CFD code, you'd generally be mortified at the coding.) 2) they say that hardware costs are only 1/3 of total costs, but they are assuming a slow-ass interconnect that no-one in their right mind is considering today. Once you go up to a real HPC cluster with 1:1 non-blocking FDR or dual-rail QDR, hardware costs are more like 3/4. And really, you need that kind of interconnect to be able to scale around the memory bandwidth bottleneck, which any code that does stencil operations is bound by. But if your organization is, say, a Gromacs shop working on chemical engineering, it could make sense. Well, from that perspective, an analog temperature sensor is flooding your ADC with infinite GB/s. For further comparison: the fastest CPUs you can get nowadays have an aggregated memory bandwidth of ~ 90 GB/s using four lanes. Yeah, well, 4x DDR4 DIMMs have 4x288 = 1152 pins. If you want to be two orders of magnitude faster than that, you're talking on the order of 100 000 pins, which is just absurd. That is a very bleak, and, if I may say so, quite sexist world view. Or I guess I should count myself lucky that in my work/social environments, people don't base their respect of other people on gender, but on behaviour and attitude. Also, I don't necessarily see vigilance against a potential attacker as wrongheaded. I see it as sensible, you're hedging against a very-low-probability but very-dire-consequence risk. No matter how close we come to complete gender equality, there will always be mentally disturbed persons who will attack people weaker than them. (Note that I am not saying that most assailants or rapists have mental disorders, it seems the research says only ~ 10% do.) I clicked this post because I assumed Non-Linear Programming. Was disappointed. For comparison, the cost of downtime for a single oil rig is on the order of $100 per second. Petrobras, as an example, operates 70 rigs and has a market cap of $125 billion. Facebook has a market cap of $216 billion. (source for cost: Cormorant Alpha shutdown in 2013) Edit: misplaced parenthesis => my first number was way off, $70 000 vs $100. Redid analysis, made mental note not to do math before coffee intake. Except one leaves the congressperson happy and one leaves the congressperson angry. Do you think the angry or the happy person is most likely to anonymously disclose this information to a journalist? Gah, misplaced a parenthesis. You are correct. I shouldn't do math before I've had coffee. I'm not convinced that the iPad was all that revolutionary, I think that 2009/10 was the year when the hardware needed to build a successful tablet became cheap enough to build a profitable one. The equally successful Galaxy Tab launched just half a year later, and Samsung obviously didn't start working on it after the iPad launch. It really was an "obvious" thing given the wild success of smartphones (not that the engineering/software/UX work was in any way trivial). Back in 2010 I was given an HTC Touch Pro 2 that ran the positively ancient Windows Mobile (hence "given"). Someone had ported both Android and Ubuntu to it, and I used it with Android as my primary phone for some months. The hardware was great, the UX on Android was OK, but had enough quirks that it was replaced with an LG P500 (which lasted for 2.5 years; now that was a great phone). So you really mean that Microsoft sold 10 million phones last quarter? Nokia knows how to make dumbphones, nothing new there. That those appear on MS's balance sheet does not imply anything about the capabilities of MS. Many manufacturers do actually sell you these upgrades. Mercedes has AMG chip tuning, Volvo calls their stuff Polestar (swedes and their funny english), BMW does it at least for the 1-series, etc etc. In most cases it includes not only ECU remapping but also cooling upgrades. As for throttling the engine to sell at a different price point: in many countries this relates to government taxation on horsepowers. I don't see this as particularly nefarious by the car manufacturers.