I haven't used it yet, but intrigued by your comment I did a bit of research, and here's the gist of what I have understood: the company behind Silver is RemObjects, and they offer a cross-platform compiler suite called Elements, which supports three languages: C#, Oxygene (their own creation, apparently heavily influenced by Object Pascal) and now Silver, which is Swift with "a few features" added to bring it in line with the other two languages. They're trying to downplay the additions for obvious reasons, but they sound pretty hefty to me: Exception Handling, Partial/Static Classes, External/Inline Functions, Events etc. Imagine what Rob Pike would say if someone came along and added all that to Go ;) (see https://docs.elementscompiler.com/ and https://docs.elementscompiler.com/Silver/LanguageExtensions/ for details). That being said, the compiler (and IDE for Mac) are freely available, so you can try it out. RemObjects have been around for a while and I was pleased with their products back in the day when I was developing in Delphi, so I'm sure Elements is a solid product as well, just maybe not what you are expecting... "The 3.5mm headphone jack is one of the elder statesmen of the personal tech world, having become ubiquitous with the rise of mp3 players, smartphones, and other mobile devices" - maybe the author is too young to remember that, but I think the "mobile device" that really helped make the 3.5mm headphone jack ubiquitous was the Sony Walkman back in the eighties. "The 2016 StackOverflow Survey puts PHP developers as the least paid" - which is very unfair. I think PHP developers should actually get paid more as compensation for having to put up with PHP on a day-to-day basis, but that's just me unfortunately... That car may be 100 years old, but the last German three-axle cars were build in 1959 ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umbau-Wagen_(DB)#Dreiachsige_U... ), and some of them were still in use in 2014 ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Datei:Umbauwagen_der_DB_Bahnba... ) The problem I see with "little girl feeds a couple of crows" is that the "couple of crows" will inevitably grow to a larger number... So, a plug-in hybrid will be lugging around a gas engine and (probably full) gas tank which it won't be needing for 90% of all trips. Am I the only one who thinks this is terribly inefficient? bendmebackmeanywayyouwantme? That rang a bell... but according to http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/garbage/ithinkimparanoid.html it should actually be bendmebreakmeanywayyouneedme ;) They talk the Apple talk, but can they walk the Apple walk? ;) I think that's just the explanation of the name, not necessarily a rule how to pronounce it. As for pronounciation, let's compare: "see-you-are-el" vs. "curl". I think I'll stick with "curl" ;) I noted it - thanks for the background info on the company! I also assume that either they are not able to maintain the software themselves, or they have lost the source code, but it might also be that setting up the toolchain to compile such an old piece of software is more effort than just patching the binary. Just a small information that's missing from the discussion: I'm sure this decision doesn't have anything to do with Microsoft (a major taxpayer) moving its German offices from the suburbs (Unterschleißheim) to Munich proper in 2016 ( https://mspoweruser.com/microsoft-germany-moves-into-a-new-h... )... I can certainly see the difference between low- and hi-DPI, but thanks to subpixel rendering (which unfortunately is going out of style because of hi-DPI displays), it doesn't really bother me - call me old-fashioned, but I'm more bothered by the waste of pixels. 2560x1440 is a pretty good resolution for a monitor, and nowadays it's crammed into the 5" display of a phone, just so that it looks pretty. Ok, unless you use it for VR, then even more DPI would be nice... Actually the influence of the Pascal family and that of the C family are about equally significant, if you go by the chart from the "Go Programming Language" book (available in the free preview, page xiii https://www.amazon.com/Programming-Language-Addison-Wesley-P... ). Most significant is probably the module system, which, in good Turbo Pascal tradition, allows Go to run loops around other C-family languages (looking at you Rust ;) ), and of course the declaration syntax ("i int" instead of "int i"). Since I first came across Go I've been thinking that a Go-based Delphi clone would be really amazing. Maybe someone could breathe some new life into the Lazarus IDE by adding support for Go? Hmmm, actually there already is something: https://github.com/ying32/govcl - probably worth keeping an eye on... As far as I know, most airlines are seeing the 737-MAX 8 and its predecessor, the 737-800, as interchangeable (or they did until yesterday), so I doubt they will be able to say with certainty which aircraft type will operate a given flight... Dithering a photo (which probably was a JPEG) so it looks like a GIF and then saving it as PNG may be a good way to make it look "low-tech", but I somehow doubt that it's really the most efficient way to serve images to your users? "The project provided an excuse to make use of a Vortex Core 47-key keyboard, which together with a mini white HDMI monitor, provided a particularly compact and suitably futuristic feeling setup." I think the word he's looking for is "retrofuturistic" ;) I guess the author wanted the code to also look friendly to people who are not that familiar with Python - everybody understands a switch, while what you are describing would probably puzzle some people... well, yes, exactly, MCAS was supposed to compensate for these differences, to make sure that the flight characteristics are close enough to not require additional training. But tragically, what was supposed to be part of the solution turned out to be part of the problem... My thoughts exactly! I imagine there is some kind of migration from every language to every other language, e.g. at least some developers migrating from any major web backend language (Java, PHP, Ruby, Node.js etc.) to Go. It would be far more interesting to have also a quantitative information, like in this graph: https://qz.com/192440/where-everyone-in-the-world-is-migrati... But for that you would of course need actual data... Ah, ok, "introduction" as in "Introduction to Fuchsia OS". Which is interesting too, but I initially thought that Google is actually introducing Fuchsia OS now, i.e. presenting plans to replace Android with it. Wishful thinking ;) Well, one of the theories is that pesticides weaken bees and make them more vulnerable to varroa mites and other parasites, diseases etc. (the "potential immune-suppressing stress" in your quote). Aside from that - is there really a way to express neural connections in the brain in terms of bits and bytes? Having lots of options to write things optimizes the happiness of the developer writing the code, but reduces the happiness of the developer reading the code (which might be the same developer, a few months later). That's one of the things Go got right IMHO (although some people hate it, because they feel constrained if they're not able to write code in some "clever" way). Sadly, it looks like those millions of man hours of incremental safety refinement also created a false sense of security. That (and management overriding engineering concerns) are the only explanations I have for how MCAS was implemented: because it had to be able to correct the pitch-up tendency of the 737 MAX and stay "invisible", so additional training could be avoided, Boeing apparently chose to use only one AOA sensor as "single source of truth" - because using both would have increased the chance of the system having to deactivate itself, which would probably have made the FAA mandate the additional training that Boeing wanted to avoid. This is just my personal theory however... I assume you mean the Ram Air Turbine ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ram_air_turbine )? This is actually what any other mode of transportation that uses a schedule has to do: if you have a schedule, you have to take some precautions to ensure you can keep to the schedule most of the time, otherwise you can forget about the schedule. Here in Germany, this is very obvious for bus lines on streets that are usually very busy - they have so much "padding" in their schedule that on less busy days the buses have to travel at 30 km/h instead of 50 km/h to avoid running ahead of schedule. Well, at least under Windows (and MacOS) you are still able to distribute your application using an installer which users can download from your own site, rather than being forced to use a centralized "app store". And policies like these are making this more difficult. However they won't stop shady sites which "re-bundle" open source applications and add spyware - those will have no problem getting an HTTPS certificate. all of them? at once? (sorry if this comment is not constructive, I just wanted to highlight the hyperbole in the title) "you could try the monastic approach, ditching the city for a gig as a caretaker at an isolated hotel" - you can read "The Shining" to see how that may turn out... The thing that fascinates me about Spotify and other streaming services is that the people who weren't willing to fork out 15$ for a CD in the past are now willing to pay 10$ every month for... pretty much nothing at all, if you think about it?! To understand that, you have to take a closer look at its origins. For me, this talk by Rasmus Lerdorf (creator of PHP) was a real eye-opener: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvEGwtgLtjA He mentions that what we now refer to as the "PHP language" was originally intended to be only the templating system, and you were supposed to write your business logic in a "real language" such as C. However, as PHP got more popular, bits and pieces were added until the "templating system" became a full-fledged language. Sounds like this happened more by chance than by design. And because you can't throw all of that out, it shows until today. You can introduce new features, but doing that in a way that stays (more or less) backwards compatible is difficult and forces compromises - see type declarations, which are actually just type hinting and of very limited use. So sure, PHP is wildly popular because of its "first mover" status, so it will probably stay with us for the foreseeable future, and working in it may have become more pleasant over the years thanks to better tooling, but it will unfortunately never be as pleasant as in other, more well-designed languages. Yes, it sounds crazy, and it really is: how on earth can someone spin an uncontained failure like Chernobyl into a story about how "inherently safe" nuclear energy is?! It "only" killed 200 people (probably according to nuclear-friendly researchers, although no sources are quoted) so it must be safe! My thoughts exactly! It's important to have a community and to work with it, but, especially for a programming language, there has to be a clear concept of which features should be implemented and which not - just accepting community contributions for the sake of making the community feel good would be the wrong way. Otherwise you end up with a feature monster like innumerable other programming languages, and that's exactly what Go doesn't want to be. But he's trying to be nicer, so cut him some slack :) Well, yes, but maybe the failure was more due to not many users being willing to accept that much vendor lock-in, rather than issues with Amazon's Android version? Unfortunately, it looks like the US are exporting this "proud ignorance" - see the recent victory of Jair Bolsonaro, who has been dubbed the "Brazilian Trump" because of his similar views on gun control, the environment ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jair_Bolsonaro#Environmental_p... ) and general firmly populist right-wing attitude. Maybe India, China and others will be able to offset the increased rate of deforestation in Brazil, but still, a planted forest is not the same as an untouched tropical rainforest... Well, yes, but India and China are less-developed countries too. I know all developing countries can say "you cut down your forests centuries ago, why can't we do the same thing now?", but at least some are trying to develop without making the same mistakes... AFAIK the technical reason for light on black was the refresh rate of early monitors: it's much easier on the eyes to have flickering text on a solid dark background than dark text on a flickering light background. That became less of the problem with better CRTs, but only disappeared completely when LCD screens took over. Good observation, but I wonder how many drivers actually do that? Increase tire pressure when they are planning to travel with a higher load? I'm guessing under 5%, the others will just accept the higher tire wear and fuel consumption, or, more likely, be completely oblivious about it... I'm frankly surprised they should be surprised about this - wanting to talk to a hospital about their issues with resistant germs is like asking a restaurant about the roaches in their kitchen... That's clear, however the consequences are the same: if word gets out that a certain hospital has these issues, people will avoid it, same as a restaurant with severe hygiene issues. So the tendency to keep this topic on the down low is understandable, even if I personally don't agree with it either... Of course there are far more freight vessels than cruise vessels, but I can imagine several valid reasons for targeting cruise vessels: - cruise ships are marketed as luxury, and also have much higher profit margins than the shipping industry, so the argument that they can afford to switch to cleaner technologies is easier to make. - cruise ships also typically dock much closer to cities than other ships. You probably won't see a large oil tanker sailing up a Norwegian fjord or through Venice's Giudecca Canal. So we are turning the CO2 back into (expensive) fuel, which can be burnt again and the CO2 released? But you're in luck, thanks to global warming the thawing permafrost and the warming oceans will release large quantities of methane (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arctic_methane_emissions ), which is an excellent fuel, and a much more potent greenhouse gas than CO2, so burning it would actually be good for the climate. Good luck with capturing it, however... Yeah, at least "process" (as in manufacturing process) makes sense as a word, "node" is just pure jargon... disclaimer: listening to music using headphones while bike riding, roller-skating or skiing is now strongly discouraged (still acceptable while taking a walk or unglamorously using public transportation however). By the authorities, for the reason of your own physical well-being. In some places, it's even illegal: https://www.quora.com/In-California-is-it-illegal-to-ride-a-... While the portable CD players from Sony were branded "Discman", they later used the "Walkman" brand for a range of featurephones (e.g. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_Ericsson_W580i ) explicitly designed as music players. So you could actually say that the _iPhone_ ultimately beat the Walkman... While I understand the point about zebra mussels cleaning up lake Erie, I can't agree with the idea that we should welcome all invasive species. After all, the presence of e.g. feral cats on various islands or foxes in Australia is just another one of the messes humans made, and we should feel as responsible for the damage they do as we feel responsible for pollution. Zebra mussels may be one of the few examples where an invasive species was actually good for the ecosystem, other invasive species just exterminate or squeeze out native species, leading to a loss of biodiversity. Definitely - it's important to keep in mind that from an engineering perspective, the 737 has probably already reached EOL, and Boeing has been considering to develop a replacement for years (Boeing Y1 - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boeing_Yellowstone_Project ), but that was delayed until Airbus forced their hand with the A320 neo, so they decided to offer a (as it now looks) "quick & dirty" upgrade of the 737 to keep it competitive. So upgrading the flight computers was probably out of the question with the given development time. The first question that came to my mind was how much CO2 would be generated by moving this amount of rock (if they theoretically were able to produce it, of course)?