Yeah so this is my project. It's very much a work in progress, but occasionally I think it works remarkably well for something I cobbled together alone out of consumer hardware and home-made code :-) I do indeed index the web myself. Not the entire web, just a subset of it. The crawler quickly loses interest in javascript:y websites and only indexes at depth those websites that are simple. It also focuses on websites in English, Swedish and Latin and tries to identify and ignore the rest (best-effort). You'd be surprised how much you can do with modern hardware if you are scrappy. The current index is about 17.7 million URLs. I've gone as far as 50 million and could probably double that if I really wanted to. The difficulty isn't having a small enough index, but rather having a relevant enough index, weeding out the link farms and stuff that just take space. I only index N-grams of up to 4 words, carefully chosen to be useful. The search engine, right now, is backed by a 317 Gb reverse index and a 5.2 Gb dictionary. Some people like a flashy UI, the modern look is important for them. It's ok to have aesthetic preferences, let's not pretend we don't all have them. In the end, it's a niche search engine I've made, the intended audience is the long tail. It just isn't for everyone, and if it was for everyone, it probably would be lesser for it. I wrote it myself from scratch. I have some metadata in mariadb, but the index is bespoke. A design sketch of the index is that it uses one file with sorted URL IDs, one with IDs of N-grams (i.e. words and word-pairs) referring to ranges in the URL file; as well as a dictionary for relating words to word-IDs; that's a GNU Trove hash map I modified to use memory map data instead of direct allocated arrays. So when you search for two words, it translates them into IDs using the special hash map, goes to the words file and finds the least common of the words; starts with that. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the first word. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the second word. Then it goes through the less common word's range and does a binary search for each of those in the range of the more common word. Then it grabs the first N results, and translates them into URLs (through mariadb); and that's your search result. I'm skipping over a few steps, but that's the very crudest of outlines. Well,... yet. Load average is at 1.2, not that bad. But the services are getting a solid workout. I just started with my website and did a crawl. Subsequently I've been seeding it with the best results form my previous crawls. It's a directed search so it doesn't seem to need a particularly solid seed to get decent results. Yeah it's hosted by cloudflare. I'm currently IP-blocking them, as because they keep prompting my crawler with a captcha, presumably because it's made millions of requests from their CDN. Some rigmarole getting recognized as a good bot by the CDNs. I've submitted a request fairly recently, but haven't heard back from them yet. Like I would like to be on good terms with them, and other websites that block small independent crawlers. I can't blame them though, there's a lot of bad bots out there. But I'm doing my best not be part of the problem. Yeah I did some work very recently aimed at improving the relevance a bit. It was a bit too random in the state it was before. Now it, perhaps, isn't random enough anymore. If Google starts showing interesting text-heavy links instead of vapid listicles and storefronts, I have accomplished everything I ever could dream of. Javascript tags are penalized the hardest, but it also takes into consideration density of text per HTML. There's also some adjustments based on text length, which words occur in the page, etc. It really depends on what you search for. A major drawback is that there needs to be text-heavy sites to find, in order for the search engine to find them. Compare for example the results for "Duke Nukem 3D" with those for "Cyberpunk 2077". It's pretty much all bespoke. I use external libraries for parsing HTML (JSoup) and robots.txt; but that's about it. The real test is in now, index server is reconstructing its index. It does this every 6 hours if there is new pages. Takes half an hour or so usually. It's supposed to be able to handle searches at the same time, but jeepers, it's gonna have to chew through nearly 400 Gb of data while dealing with over 1 request per second. Yeah there was unfortunately a problem with the content-type code recently, it unfortunately categorized some binary data as HTML and tried to process it best-effort. So there's some binary soup in the index. The bug has since been fixed, but it won't come into effect in a few weeks. I guess it's a matter of taste. I can barely read anything on regular wikipedia because the inline links disrupt my flow. The spelling suggestions are presented whenever there isn't any results, but sometimes they can be pretty misleading. What happens is that C, as a word, isn't indexed because it's deemed too short, and the bigram "c strtok" can't be found anywhere. Try 'strtok' instead. I'm self-hosting, and the server is a Ryzen 7 3900x with 128 Gb of non-ECC RAM. It sits in my living room next to a cheap UPS. I did snag one of the last remaining Optane 900Ps off Amazon, and it powers the index and the database--and I really do think this is among the best hardware choices for this use case. But beyond that it's really nothing special, hardware-wise. Like it's less than a month's salary. It runs Debian, and all the services run bare metal with zero containerization. Modern consumer hardware can be absurdly powerful if you let it. Like I have no doubt a thousand engineers could spend a hundred times as much time building a search engine that did pretty much the same thing mine does, it would require a full data center to stay running and be much slower. But that's just a cost of large scale software development I don't have to pay as a solo developer with no deadline, no planning and a shoestring budget. The search engine doesn't actually do full text search, so maybe your query was too... unique. But do first of all verify that you haven't been hacked. There's about quarter of a million domains I've flagged that, besides their wordpress content, also host a ton of link spam crap off in some hidden folder. This reflects on the quality rating extremely negatively to the point where you may have not been indexed at all. Secondly, are you behind cloudflare or some other big-name CDN? Because, as I mentioned in another comment, I can't crawl their pages without getting captchad until they approve of my humble request to be classified as a good bot. There are some other hosting providers I flat out block on a subnet level because they host a large amount of link farms. This is currently Alibaba, Psychz, eSited, Cloud Yuqu and 1Blu. Hmm, which OS? I only have a single Android phone so I've only fixed the CSS for that. Well just crunching the numbers should indicate what is possible and what isn't. For the moment I have just south of 20 million URLs indexed. 1 x 20 million bytes = 20 Mb. 10 x 20 million bytes = 200 Mb. 100 x 20 million bytes = 2 Gb. 1,000 x 20 million bytes = 20 Gb. 10,000 x 20 million bytes = 200 Gb. 100,000 x 20 million bytes = 2 Tb. 1,000,000 x 20 million bytes = 20 Tb. This is still within what consumer hardware can deal with. It's getting expensive, but you don't need a datacenter to store 20 Tb worth of data. How many bytes do you need, per document, for an index? Do you need 1 Mb of data to store index information about a page that, in terms of text alone, is perhaps 10 Kb? Yeah I think the charset detection needs work. It understands the "Content-type: text/html;charset=utf-8" -header, and but not It turns out HTML has a lot of corner cases. I'm constantly marveling at how web browsers hold together as well as they do. The search engine doesn't do any type of re-ordering or synonym stuff, it only tires to construct different N-grams from the search query. So if you for example compare "SDL tutorial" with "SDL tutorials". On google you'd get the same stuff, this search engine, for better or worse doesn't. This is a design decision, for now anyway, mostly because I'm incredibly annoyed when algorithms are second-guessing me. On the other hand, it does mean you sometimes have to try different searches to get relevant results. Haha! I did actually assume UTF-8 at first, but being a search engine has a lot of older websites, I sadly got a lot of encoding errors doing that, too. Try a query on the form site:www.example.com ;-) I might add a donate button or something if people want to help support the project, hardware isn't cheap and all. But I have a job and decent income. I think if this search engine became the way I earned money, it would influence the project in a bad way, and corrupt its purpose, which is to help people explore the less-commercial internet. What are you searching for when you enter the query "dog", keeping in mind the search engine deliberately does not examine synonyms or and deliberately seeks out the path less taken? Dog facts? Then search "dog facts" Famous dogs? Then search "famous dogs" Rappers? Try "snoop dogg" It tries. Dunno, I prefer to use as neutral or positive terminology even when I talk about things I don't like. I think it very easily comes off as juvenile ranting when you start throwing around terms with strong negative connotations. Part of what I wanted to show with this project is that there is no such thing as an objective search engine. Even seemingly irrelevant technological decisions drastically impact the narrative. I have something of a blog here, with an Atom feed. https://memex.marginalia.nu/log/ It's not very well optimized for mobile, really it's more of a bridge for my geminispace content. Right, but that is still a technical decision on their side. They presumably don't sit down and have a meeting about what world view they should present. Well I hope they don't. I felt I needed to add it to help people taught by other search engines that they only get 1-2 good results, and the rest is useless. The reason I'm providing a hundred results is that there are often a lot of results to choose from. If the point is to find something unexpected, and that indeed is the entire point, then that is the only sane design choice. Like you search for something on Google and similar, and you know what you are going to find. They are so good at searching the Internet and predicting what you are going to click on that you never see something new. It's a great feat of engineering, but a huge tragedy, because discovering new things, outside of what you our your demographic has previously demonstrated an interest in, it can be absolutely life changing. The excerpts are static and very best effort. You just have to visit the website and find out I'm afraid. I can do a lot with what I have, but I can't do full text search on millions of documents with dynamic excerpts off a single computer in my living room. Looks like that page just has an absurd amount of keywords. Those sometimes surface when there isn't any good results. Haven't found a foolproof detection method that doesn't unjustly punish innocent pages with large amounts of content. Understand that this is something I built for myself, by myself, so it focuses on languages I understand. It hosted on a single consumer grade computer in my living room. I built it out of pocket and anyone is free to use it. Does this make me a villain? If I can do this, what's preventing some guy in Japan or India or Peru from doing the same, of course focusing on their languages? It is very much a work in progress, still struggling with some areas. I only really got into the territory of "sometimes actually useful" like this weekend. Wasn't planning on blowing up on HN just yet. Again it's a one man hobby project, I don't have a team of people to go through every formulation and every error message to ensure nobody can read them in a way that offends them. It's just me, writing code on an unfinished project that HN discovered. In this case, the code doesn't match the word regexp, like it may be a @TwitterHandle or a "comp.lang.c" with periods in it, or an unsupported Unicode range. It doesn't know why it is not matching, just that it doesn't. I am the first to admit it's a pretty dated reference. Fair point, I refined the phrasing a bit. > The term "𓀀" contains characters that are not currently supported Yeah I wasn't really planning for this to blow up like it did today. It's currently sitting at about 35% of the index size I usually aim for, so besides the stuff I can't index because it's behind CDNs, there's a lot of pages it just hasn't gotten to yet. playwright.dev is pretty low on the priority list because it has a metric crap-ton of javascript on its front page. The crawler has visited it, looked at it, and put it very far down the priority queue. I implemented calculations because easily 80% of my google queries are calculations, unit conversions, etc. Search functionality is larger priority. Calculations and unit conversions were an afternoon's break from the search functionality :-) Vanilla HTTP should be fine. I think 80% of the urls are HTTP. If you're getting no such domain, it's either blocked because it looks too much like a spam domain, or it simply hasn't been discovered yet. What's the TLD? I severely restrict some cheaper TLDs because they gave so much spam. For example, cr.yp.to is an example of a baby I know I've definitely thrown out with the bathwater. I've rephrased the wording for that one a bit. I think you need to approach it more like grep than google. It's a forgotten art, dealing with this type of dumb search engine. Like if you search for "How do I make a steak", you aren't going to get very good results. But a better query is "Steak Recipe", as that is at least a conceivable H1-tag. This just isn't the place to go for promotional materials about upcoming video games. It's a niche search engine for discovering stuff off the beaten path, the stuff you can't find on mainstream search engines. Some of it is junk, admittedly, and not everyone will see the point, that's fine too. Despite what some people seem to think, it's never been meant as a google-replacement. I have never claimed otherwise. It doesn't look at what the javascript does, just how much there is. The trick is that the list of URLs for each word already is in the URLs file. The URLs in a range are sorted. A sorted list (or list-range) forms an implicit set-like data structure, where you can do binary searches to test for existence. Consider a words file with two words, "hello" and "world", corresponding to the ranges (0,3), (3,6). The URLs file contains URLs 1, 5, 7, 2, 5, 8. The first range corresponds to the URLs 1, 5, 7; and the second 2, 5, 8. If you search for hello world, it will first pick a range, the range for "hello", let's say (1,5,7); and then do binary searches in the second range -- the range corresponding to "world" -- (2,5,8) to find the overlap. This seems like it would be very slow, but since you can trivially find the size of the ranges, it's possible to always do them in an order of increasing range-sizes. 10 x log(100000) is a lot smaller than 100000 x log(10) Yeah this is actually a bit of a concern of mine. As very much a friend of Voltaire's, I don't think it's my place to police people's opinions no matter how disagreeable, but I also don't want my search engine to become branded as the search engine of choice for nazis because it's decent at cataloguing extremist sites. Huh. That's an interesting case you've found. I think part of the problem is gold sellers were displacing all the good results. I blocked a few of them and got a few more relevant results, but it's not great. But still, the search engine only finds two great hits. I wonder why not. Maybe there just aren't that many runescape pages around still? Or it may just be that it hasn't found anything better yet. The index is pretty shallow right now, only 20M URLs, I aim for more than double. I honestly wasn't planning on this blowing up on HN at this stage. Curious, I haven't touched the stylesheets.