I think that if I wanted to help out a developer, I'd rather cut out as much middleman and pay directly or through kickstarter. If there were a middleman, I would especially rather it have the character of an entity like kickstarter, as opposed to an entity that tries to get a piece of your attention so they can sell it to a group of bidders. The problem with Chinese characters is that they are idiosyncratic. For example, I orally tell you "mao mi": how do you write it? If you've never seen it before, your chances of figuring this out is very sad. You claim that 90% of Chinese writing are phonographs. Perhaps this is true to the most technical sense, but to most students this is useless. Try taking that 90% claim into a Chinese language test at university. The teacher will laugh at you as you arrogantly think you can decipher the phonetics of characters just because you know the "radicals". There is absolutely no reliable system for translating radicals to character phonetics, because it's all just so messy and hit and miss. Of course, every language has bonkers exceptions. But Chinese is actually quite bad. For example, if I tell you "mao mi", and you had never seen the characters before, you have about no chance to figure it out. Conversely, if I show you the characters, but you've never seen them before, you have absolutely no clue what character it is. Sure, there are radicals. Don't count on them to tell you anything remotely useful. Sure, some characters do tell a proper story with their radicals, but it's laughable to count on them to tell you anything. I'd say that the higher $ man who lives in the city in a compact space with a compact car is more well off than the man living in an inland state with lots of acres and a hunting cabin. Why? Because the man in the city can purchase that anytime he wants. Just like you can go take your money to China right now and teach English as a side thing. So that subjective value can still be wrapped around an objectively lookable thing; it's just that the city man is not indulging in that lifestyle yet -- or perhaps he wishes to take that wealth elsewhere. You are not doomed if you have the wrong genes, but from what little I know it does seem like an environmental stress explanation is rather appealing for addressing why mean schizophrenic onset occurs later for those in highly structured environments, such as the armed forces. Hey there, do you have any place to direct me to look for mediators or malleable predictors of life outcomes for young men with schizophrenia? I've heard from a HN commentator that Neovim has given up on its principle goal of refactoring, and that progress has largely been due to uncrustify. Can anyone else speak to the health of the project? Are you guys ever thinking of a Linux version :( You have completely ignored the author's central point: that the movement toward privacy also makes you criminally suspect. Industrial / Org psychology is a rather new sub discipline. It's still hard to beat a metric like general mental ability in predicting job performance across a variety of jobs. I have difficulty digesting the concept of qualia as well. In my view, qualia refers to a phenomenon, but tries to deny that it is a phenomenon by arguing that it is something independent from the physics of perception. I believe that if anyone ever tried to devise a machine to represent the boundary between physics and qualia, such as an artificial intelligence or brain, the hardware of that AI would provide a means to decoding subjective experience into objective terms. Qualia would cease to be a useful term, and we would instead rely on a more objective look of individual perception, all while losing no advantages for abandoning "qualia" to the word graveyard. This might be a retarded question, but a simulation of a thing must always run more expensively / slower than the reality of the thing, right? And couldn't they build an organic material AI with inorganic interfaces for external manipulation? Github isn't the only choice, but I think it's the preferred choice for a code sharing community because they basically give their product for free for open-source projects on public repositories. And it's easy and good looking. Bitbucket distinguishes itself from Github by making itself free for small teams only, but allowing you free private repositories. Seems like they are more interested in businesses and proprietary code. I'm afraid I don't actually know any numbers on Linux users' willingness to buy software, but I am aware of the reputation that Linux users generally prefer their ecosystem of free apps. However, I bet that many Linux users are also Windows or OSX users, and if a password manager is to be effective, it has to be omnipresent. That's why I have begrudgingly paid for LastPass, while my dual Windows / OSX license for 1Password 4 has sat unused. I tried for awhile, but I couldn't stand the gap in coverage. So I narrowed it down to RoboForm and LastPass, and I chose the latter because it seemed more popular and I hoped that to predict company longevity. Because as nice as lifetime licenses are, once software is no longer supported, esp. for things like intelligent form-filling, chances are you won't want to use your software anymore. It's not immediately apparent from the front accessible parts of Bitbucket's website, but if you refer users with a provided link you also get up to 3 extra free users. In your description, mathematics is the pure study of theoretical computing machines. However, I think that the act behind mathematics is what people are interested in -- general or capricious analogy-making ability. That's what we want to develop in young people. We want the thing or process that operates the math, including novel operations for novel situations, and I believe that analogy-making is that thing. And this is may be why people have an emotional resistance to arithmetics in school. Because arithmetics is an instance of math, but what people are practicing is a particular instance of operation, rather than the skill of operation. I'd say that Chinese is honestly a harder language because it is filled with too much idiosyncrasy. I think most Chinese people cannot decipher the meaning or pronunciation of new Chinese words they've never seen before. And if they've forgotten how to write a character, then they are doomed without outside reference. I can use a word in English I've only seen or heard once in a novel event, and have a hope of using it passably. Even looking things up in the dictionary is hard... for Chinese people. I've seen Chinese parents pride themselves on how skillfully their children use the dictionary. That's because it's hard and worthy of pride; the radical system is so random and unnecessary from an outside view. Chinese is worthy of the reputation that perl has had, and for the exact same reasons: it's capriciously idiosyncratic and ruthless to non-native speakers. I'd also note that non-native language acquisition has been looked at by the US military, and I'm sure across the world, and I doubt that all languages are rated equally. I'm quite sure that Arabic and Chinese rate as very hard languages. Actually I do must question what progress philosophy has made. Is there a bedrock of philosophical knowledge upon which we can rely and do interesting things? Try attacking the problem head on. Science most definitely does not stand on the theory of philosophy (if so, which theory does all of science depend upon?), and neither would it have disappeared from across cultures simply because the west forgot to introduce science itself to the rest of the world. The fact that science arose independently across cultures tells us that it does not rest on any rigorous philosophical theory. But who gets to space flight without some theory of gravity and motion? It's because space flight does depend on a tall body of theory. Science is simply a community and inter-generational task of causal modeling via evidence. It cannot be denied simply because the west forgot to tell the rest of the world of philosophy. Science was invented by no philosophical theory. Humongous western development may have been spurred by the worldview of western philosophers, but science does not need such roots. This is not the same as Newton laying down the groundwork for a physics. Now that is a pillar of theory that a community builds around. That's no sarcasm by the way, but rather it is awe and respect for a theory that can act as a pillar or bedrock of continual community growth and stable theoretical illumination for hundreds of years. Have philosophers finally built any pillar by which they may create tall structures? Or is everything they make made of sand, and thus their buildings are only waist high after thousands of years across cultures? At most, science only needs 1% of philosophy in order to have some self-perspective. But let's not go too deep in, because we know that pillars of sand cannot build any cross-cultural theory beyond waist-high structures. Perhaps it shocks your moral sensibility to generalize across humans, but it is perfectly legitimate for anyone who is seeking the truth to do these things. For them, the primary question must be "to what degree is a generalization meaningful?". When we say things like, "The African American population in the US is materially disadvantaged.", that statement does generalize across many individuals. But it's also potentially very useful or actionable. Also, anyone who says they judge people as individuals is probably bullshitting to the max. It sounds cognitively overburdening and wasteful. What examples do you have (Go?), and do you have any charts that you drew insight from to say that? Of course, I have already been Googling the issue, but we aren't necessarily looking at the same sources. So where are you getting your information that Python is losing to the "it" languages? That argument sounds rather dark, as the same thing which illuminates the criminals -- guess what -- also illuminates the people. And journalists, lawyers, and associations that digest information for the people. So now the overwhelming majority of the world goes dark on the law because a minority of uniquely dangerous criminals are lawyer-like Westboro Baptists with bombs. If terrorists wish to confine their behaviors to the technicalities of western law because they would rather get arrested than shot, that is actually a highly desirable outcome. We should seek to capture all criminals alive and decently, and gather what data they have to attack other networked crime. Seriously, law-conscious Westboro Baptist terrorists would be a positive development. This is no different from a criminal learning about the circumstances in which a cop might shoot them, and thus opting to drop their gun in certain situations. The criminal is being more legally conscious as part of their strategy. While wrongdoers who play legal strategy can be a frustrating nuisance, but the alternative is secret legal memos, which I find more frightening. It doesn't make sense to me to say that torture is ineffective simply because subjects have incentive in the face of torture to say or believe anything. For example, it doesn't matter if a person keeps on outputting contradictory claims of reality. What matters is if this person can produce evidence of novel knowledge. And of course even if someone delivered information in a non-tortuous interrogation, any government would fact-check. I also don't believe it's very easy to confuse someone's existing memories. I don't think I can simply torture somebody, with professionals and equipment at my disposal, and cause discrete changes in beliefs ("My real name is Reek!"). These world governments no doubt have data on varying techniques of torture, and I have no doubt there has been a very long race, begun awhile ago, to map out the theory of torture, and I think it is a bit preliminary to say that torture doesn't work until we get a hold of some systematically collected data. What I had in mind when I was thinking of novel data, would be someone who can authenticate the value of their potentially false claims by stating something that nobody else could know. Like the serial killer who states special information. An alternative situation could be those who are looking for cryptography keys. I still believe that the presence of novel data could help a torturous interrogator sieve desperate lies from actionable data. Confirmation of novel data that nobody else could've known authenticates the value of your knowledge. Government may have been reckless before by acting before confirming, but if they just include a confirmation step, then they could have a means of differentiating actionable data from junk. After looking over the site, and doing some Wikipedia searching, it does appear that there are ways to reliably damage or confuse memory, even in innocuous settings. Such as ads meant to manipulate memory. The last point is the one I wanted to make, because I felt that arguments about the efficacy of torture is similar to arguments about the financial costs of the death penalty -- it's a highly ephemeral and gambling argument that hinges on the state of science or technology. So I was wondering what happens to the discussion on ethics once we begin to accept the efficacy of torture? It would only be a partial explanation, though, since the mother's career by itself doesn't appear to have the same relationship. There are a great deal of dangerous things that we don't stop citizens from doing, and some of those things seem entirely unproductive (or counterproductive -- a biological hazard), such as extreme sports. We need a culture that stops people from doing dangerous drugs through cultural techniques, not through police and courts, and that's what the government did with cigarettes. The government realized that criminalizing cigarettes was probably outside of its power, and instead it waged a campaign against the culture of smoking. It painted cigarette smoking as biologically dirty and smokers as inconsiderate or reckless. I think that cigarette use is no longer popular not because the police have been jailing cigarette smokers, but because it has become a mildly dirty activity. If you use the law to prohibit things, then people won't develop the oral or cultural methods to tell their kids to avoid certain dangers. I think "gay" is offensive only because it refers to a widely recognized social reality that is still being fought out, the reality that gay people are socially inferior, and that gay bashing is a social art for men. Take away that reality and "that's gay" becomes an idiom lost in time. Very frustrated. Should have another repo in Github or a personal server it seems. I generally have the suspicion that "boots" and the like offer only micro-optimizations. Buying a $100-150 bag advertised for durability versus a $30-40 generic brand backpack. Or buying a MacBook Pro versus a midrange laptop with Windows. While there may be optimizations to be found in these situations, I also wonder about the cognitive cost per optimization, and I wonder if it might not be better to put the most of your mind on a job or geography transition. From what I've gathered before from some reading on adolescent bullying: Bullies (not bully-victims): * A transient, difficult-to-predict population, and perhaps more elegantly thought of as a social position than an individual propensity. * Bullies generally don't stay bullies, and it's difficult to know who will become a bully. * Bullying is also an audience-related activity, and is often performed in front of others -- the "bystander" population is in on it, and may provide substantial social rewards to bullies. Even victims may admire bullies. * Bullies experience improvement in social popularity. * Bullying events tend to involve a group of bullies against singular or fewer victims. * The stereotypes that bullies are sociopaths / psychopaths, come from abusive home situations, are anxious or insecure, do not persuasively conform to observations. * Bullies experience protective effects against loneliness, social anxiety, stress, and some other things. They do better than the normal population on these aspects. Victims: * Are a stable population, and may perhaps be more elegantly thought of as an individual propensity, rather than a social position where people move in and out of. * One study estimates that the victim population constitutes about 10% of the school population. * A small handful of studies with admitted methodological difficulties finds that those who are bullied at school are also significantly more likely to be bullied on online social networks. The conclusion would essentially say that some social structures are more explanatory of behavior than individual psychology. Given how much importance people place on personal idiosyncrasy or psychology, I'd say this is pretty cool if better confirmed. Fully committing to this UX analogy would mean for the doctor to pretend that his medicine comes from a religious framework, simply because it's more user-friendly. Yes but you are different. A lot of children, even with proper guidance, don't want to learn. Often times, even hard-working, smart people will phrase their learning pursuits entirely as a means toward financial, sexual, or social success. And outside of school, there is little or no independent learning. If there isn't a test and a deadline, they'd rather be doing something else. I don't think this is a statement that applies to simply children. I think it applies to almost everyone from every culture. I think the problem is only perpetuated by inherited advantages or laziness. But there's also the problem that no matter how fast or smart people become, it's possible that there may only be a few elite positions for every race. From what I've roughly read, all behavioral interventions (such as n-back training) on working memory and its correlates or antecedents are basically disappointments, whether the effect size is too boring or the effects are not generalizable. I would love to use 1Password if only they supported Linux. I thought of them as paid KeePass. Unfortunately, LastPass beat them to it, and so I choose the convenience of omnipresence of my passwords over the security of keeping everything local. I cannot have my password not follow me somewhere, especially if these password programs suggest complicated passwords to me. Here's some few complications I would add to Kevin Simler concept of face and politeness. The author talks a little bit about Aspies, and he also talks about a metaphor of squares and triangle faces. He implies the possibility of clans, but doesn't go further. I think Kevin thinks that Aspies are an edge case because he relegates this part to the end of his article with relatively less content than the surrounding sections. I would think that while people diagnosed with autism may be proportionally rarer, the clanish strategy, which they represent, is very common. I would add that I think religious and political folk are a part of this clan strategy, and that callous (not prepared with expected mitigating introductions or hedge words) contradiction of their political or religious viewpoints could be thought of as a threat to their personhood. The interesting part here is that they are not as interested in the opinions of those outside to their clan. Also, they maintain at least two personhoods, one being the interface for their clan, which they value the most, the other being the interface for either a generalized or specific external group. A person can carry many faces depending on the degree of logistical separation between the groups they belong to. Since face is related to clan or group, some drugs elevate standing based on group culture, and the unwillingness to intake some drugs like alcohol could be interpreted as a failure to conform to group expectations. I'd say Google Drive, because the web app is so complete and nice that for simple purposes, you wouldn't mind not installing the desktop client, especially since you edit the files on the web anyway. So off-site storage + collaborative editing = Google Drive. Dropbox, on the other hand, is mostly a file syncing service; they may have some photo features on their web app, but that's it outside of file syncing. It's a hard step in logic to go from criminals getting off due to insufficient evidence from encrypted iPhones, to the wrong person being convicted . I think the issue is that even if we have some kind of magical wand to wave away all unmeritous structural conditions in society, wave away all life accidents and lotteries, we would still be left in a world of skewed wealth and opportunity due to natural biological variation and its accumulative effect in an economy with memory. Any empathy based primarily on an understanding of structural constraints and injustice will fall short in soothing the natural and irrevocable cruelty of meritocracy. We have left a difficult question unanswered: do stronger or more productive humans warrant a bigger piece of the world pie? But unless emotional abilities and cognitive abilities are negatively correlated, it's not as though selecting for cognitive abilities would make you any more or less likely to have a coworker that demands extra emotional work. It just means you won't be extra-lucky in finding coworkers of high emotional ability. Personally, I think that focusing on work performance is a refreshing wind against so much folk wisdom hiring. I'm also not at all surprised that someone was unable to unseat intelligence as a predictor of work performance. That predictor has been solidly established as powerful across a general array of work (better than past relevant work experience!), and scientists are ever on the hunt for a better employment sieve. I think there is actually a mountain of research in this area, and I believe that the general community of industrial / organizational scientists in this area have accepted that general mental ability is a really hard predictor (of work performance) to beat, and that it's a robust and powerful predictor across a variety of job categories. The author of the post actually listed one or two citations, but if you wanted the general opinion of the field, I think you should look for a review article. I am not at all surprised that some CEO's offhanded suggestion / bet failed to unseat general mental ability as one of the most reliable and effective predictors of work performance. That doesn't mean that you should have a single-metric employment criterion. You could always select for both emotional and cognitive ability, you just have to judge whether it's worth sieving for that versus something else. I love NearlyFreeSpeech and they were my first and current web host, although now I primarily use others. They are so incredibly cheap for those who want to host a simple site, and they come with a slew of interesting options like interesting pricing schemes. I hope they never go out of business. See how you might like this definition: intelligence, including artificial intelligence (which just means intelligence resting on non-organic materials), means general and arbitrary analogical ability. I think this definition fits what people mean when they say "general mental ability", which I think is what people mean to measure when they use IQ. I think this is a really good definition of intelligence for communicating what we want to talk about here. And personally I think it's fine to accept a useful definition, even if it is not perfect, and even if its proliferation means some people get unjustly damaged, insofar that the pragmatism of the construct is adequately useful. From there, you have a community tool that can undergo refinement or challenge. It seems very plausible that we could raise whatever people are trying to invoke when people say words like "intelligence", IQ, g, or arbitrary analogical ability. I'm surprised you are extremely skeptical that we could desirably raise intelligence. Even a noisy and brutish eugenic pressure in the environment would push a population towards a direction, and I'm convinced that this will happen with or without explicit policy. I think that to many people, the phenomena behind IQ is a suspected general mental ability. It may also be fitting to describe this as a general or arbitrary analogical or mapping ability. I think this definition also captures what people think of when they say "artificial", or non-organic intelligence. When you say that IQ is just "a specific subset of symbolic puzzles", I believe you are criticizing IQ as ungeneralizable, or as having external validity issues. I think the reason why IQ has remained as a widespread construct is because it is actually so useful in predicting performance across an array of situations, such as general job performance, of which IQ or g is often a top-tier or unmatched predictor, better than years of relevant work experience. And whenever someone accuses IQ of being inadequate, and they come out with their More Complete test, it turns out that their measurements and predictions are insufficiently distinctive from IQ, which even further supports the idea of a "general" mental ability. I think the general suspicion is that if you go out and develop a multidimensional test, it is quite reasonable to suspect that your test will end up similar to IQ in performance. Also, I don't think I'm trading one word for another. IQ is a measurement construct that corresponds with a test. General mental ability is thought to be the factor behind performance on an IQ test. But I think you also wanted a more specific definition to general mental ability, to which I offered "general and arbitrary analogical ability". Speaking speculatively and tangentially, I think such an ability would allow a computer to make causal inferences or write its own drivers for a novel sensory apparatus. I think there may be a realistic perception of the difficulty of academic competition, as well as the number of open positions and the compensation. And there are definitely a lot of smart and hard working people there. It's one thing to ask, "How smart do you have to be to do useful science?", and it's quite another to ask, "Do you think you can make it in the field of competition?" I would argue that computers are extremely productive, but that they are also multi-functional, and that it would be very sad to remove all the other interesting functionality from a computer until you had the ultimate focus machine. I do resonate with the idea that some people have a bad interaction with current computers. Just like some people may have biologies that will interact badly, despite a general array of interventions or strategies , in the face of easily accessible drugs like alcohol and cigarettes. But it would be a shame to remove bars and liquor just because some people cannot control themselves. Some humans will always be led off the summit due to their unseated spirits, but let us not flatten mountains for their sake. Hopefully there will be an elegant software solution that satisfies everyone ("Google / Siri, focus mode on!"; "Okay, I have suspended distractions until I see evidence that your job is done."), but until then, computers are designed as an open invitation to another world, but maybe you only wanted spreadsheets. I don't think the problem is OS design. Across his armful of assorted arguments, the poster made an argument that tiling managers suck, as well as some other things. That aside, I don't think it's the OS that is the problem, but rather that the computer is a gateway to many possibilities. Your OS, and the apps on your computer, can be designed with focus and cognitive ease in mind, but it does not change the fact that a few actions away is a Stargate to another world. So, aside from a few grab-bag complaints (though legitimate) about operating systems, programmers and designers have little more to do. Apps are only going to get better designed, and minimalism and cleanliness have come to characterize modern app design. I don't think the user would take kindly to obstructions to their browsing / app experience... "Why does it take an extra unnecessary step to launch an app!? You're telling me this is for my own psychological good?!" I suppose this goes to classical arguments about the role of government in banning drugs or mandating seat belts. The state doesn't think you are responsible enough, so they create an external structure (fines / criminal penalty) to make you do good for yourself. Others would say that a sad restriction has been placed upon them because the rest of the population cannot regulate themselves to the satisfaction of the state. It can also be argued that now people rely on external pressure or structure to behave well rather than setting up their own internal structure.