I'm not sure it's quite this simple. Yes, my ISP streams cable TV to my house via multicast, but it's a multicast not just of the 1 or 2 channels I am using at any given moment (2 if I'm recording DVR on one and watching another), but of all 150 or so channels on the menu. If each household were only getting the actual TV channels they were watching, unicast might be feasible. (It would, of course, require more upstream bandwidth, so each household could tell its TV provider what it was watching.) Yes, but what about the "if it's already receiving them" part? I don't know exactly how the cable providers provision their networks, but I'd be very surprised if my local set's registration had to go more than one or maybe two hops up the router chain to find one that was already receiving all 150 channels. Otherwise it's hard for me to believe that changing channels would be as fast as it is (effectively instantaneous). (Note, I'm not saying this is a necessary feature of any multicast setup, just that it seems like it would have to be set up that way for the cable providers because of user expectations.) Thanks, the technical background makes things clearer (I wasn't familiar with the details of how the different services get distributed). Um...generators are Python 2.2+ (introduction of the yield statement): http://docs.python.org/release/2.2/ref/yield.html Generator expressions are 2.4+: http://docs.python.org/release/2.4/ref/genexpr.html That said, I don't disagree with removing the Python dependency from the "core" of Mongrel2. As was noted in an earlier comment, people can always write a config file management tool in any language they want (or Mongrel2 bindings in general, for that matter). I'm not sure where you're getting "denialist" from his article. He doesn't say anything about whether there is or isn't global warming, or whether humans are or are not causing at least a portion of it. His charge is that the APS, instead of fostering open debate, is stifling it. I do think he's too preoccupied with money as a motivation for why the stifling is being done; but his primary charge is basically that scientists aren't doing their due diligence the way they used to: "As recently as thirty-five years ago, when I chaired the first APS study of a contentious social/scientific issue, The Reactor Safety Study, though there were zealots aplenty on the outside there was no hint of inordinate pressure on us as physicists. We were therefore able to produce what I believe was and is an honest appraisal of the situation at that time...How different it is now." When I read the IPCC reports, for example, I find it hard to disagree with this assessment; even before ClimateGate we had plenty of evidence that what went into those reports was largely politically, not scientifically, determined. Note that this does not mean the IPCC reports are entirely wrong, nor does it mean that global warming will not be a problem. It means the reports don't make a good enough case for, say, emasculating the entire world economy in order to maybe, possibly, reduce the global temperature rise over the next century by a fraction of a degree Celsius. True, but I give him credit for using words a little more precisely than your average media hack. It's clear to me from the context that by "scam" and "fraud" he means not the simple claim that the climate is warming, nor even the claim that humans may be causing at least a portion of it, but the whole edifice that's been erected to drive certain political policies that are not justified by the state of the science, and to suppress any suggestion that those policies might not be justified. "Merely pointing out that models aren't perfect predictors, or that some esoteric and uncontrollable phenomenon is responsible for some of the warming does nothing useful to help us decide how to act." Neither does obfuscating the data and the models and how they work. Another commenter mentioned "transparency", and I think that's a key element that's been lacking from the climate scientists. They say they're "terrified", but when they're asked for the raw data and the source code to their models, they refuse to provide it, making it impossible to verify that their terror is justified. What information they do reveal does not inspire confidence in their analysis: for example, read the latest IPCC report and see how many key causal factors have a "low" level of scientific understanding. (It's true that greenhouse gases are not in that category, but the fact that we understand them pretty well does not justify simply ignoring the other factors when we admittedly don't know enough to judge their impact.) Also, the IPCC predictions for how much the climate should have warmed by now, given the actual increase in CO2 levels, have basically been falsified: CO2 has been increasing faster than all but their most pessimistic predictions, yet climate has been warming slower than their most optimistic predictions. So as far as deciding how to act, I don't trust the IPCC predictions, and since those are driving all the policy recommendations from those who are "terrified", I don't trust those recommendations either. "critics should be proving that something else is causing the recent heat records." No, the burden of proof is on those who want to implement highly disruptive policies without adequate justification. Even if the theory he's working on turns out to be wrong, the fact that a kid his age can arrive at even a wrong theory is a sign that he is smart enough to merit attention. The specifics of what he's thinking at the moment are far less important than encouraging him to keep on thinking. Follow the link in the Wikipedia page to the article on reprocessing. It solves both of the issues you raise: it greatly extends the time the fuel lasts, and it greatly shortens the time that the remaining waste is dangerous. The only reason this was even an issue in the US (it isn't in other nuclear-using countries) is that the Carter administration banned reprocessing because of misplaced concerns about proliferation. In March 1999 the Clinton administration finally reversed that position (probably because it was obvious by then that reprocessing didn't increase proliferation risk--every other nuclear-using country has reprocessed its fuel from the beginning and there have been no incidents). So we can just take all the stuff that was supposed to be stored in Yucca Mountain for 10,000 years and reprocess it instead. Problem solved. Um, the root cause of the problems at Fukushima had nothing to do with the design of the reactors. The root cause was that their backup diesel generators, which were to supply power to the reactor control and safety systems in the event of a shutdown, along with their switchgear, were sited behind a seawall that got overcome by the tsunami. If the backup generators had been sited properly, this whole fiasco would never have gotten started; the reactors would have shut down safely, end of story. I'm actually amazed that the reactors have held up as well as they have in the face of having no cooling water over a significant part of the fuel rods for this long. They were wrong because they didn't take into account the possibility that backup power would be unavailable for so long. The backup generators and their switchgear were sited very poorly--behind a seawall that was overcome by the tsunami. Please note that I'm not saying the reactor designs themselves weren't old and out of date. They were. But that wasn't the root cause of the problems. The stresses that these reactors have withstood due to the lack of backup power are far beyond any safety specification they were built to. I didn't mean to imply that reprocessing meant no waste: it means a lot less waste, that needs to be stored safely for a much shorter time. Also, since it allows you to use the fuel much more efficiently (without reprocessing, only a couple of percent of the usable fuel actually gets used; the rest ends up mixed in with the waste and is just stored without being used), it does solve the 50 year problem as well. That said, I also didn't mean to say that we shouldn't consider all the impacts of nuclear power. But, as many others in this thread have commented, to be fair we should also consider all the impacts of other power sources as well. As for a less power greedy way of living, I'm all for it, as long as I don't have to give up actual functionality. I'm all for having more efficient cars, but I'm not going to give up having a car; the freedom it gives me is too valuable to give up. (And no, living somewhere where I don't need a car to have that freedom is not an option. Been there, done that, prefer not to. Not everyone wants to live in that kind of environment.) As someone who routinely uses Google with AdBlock installed, I second this. For that matter, I would gladly pay Google a monthly fee to have unlimited search, if the "free" Google only had limited search. The fact that Google has chosen to make their money from advertisers instead of users like me is not my fault. I would put the limitations in the other direction; in fact, I would say that one reasonably obvious place to draw the line is that in order to contribute money to a political campaign, you have to be a registered voter. That would immediately shut down corporate contributions completely. If a group of individuals all want to contribute to the same politician's campaign, great! They can each make their individual contributions. But it seems to me that the biggest source of corruption in the whole process is the idea that any entities other than individual voters can be part of the process. Government is supposed to represent actual human beings, not legal fictions. Makes me proud to have MIT as my alma mater. They were ahead of the game with OCW and are staying ahead. I think comments like that kind of miss the point. The book isn't supposed to be a textbook. It's supposed to get you interested enough in the subject to want to study it further; that's when you go read the textbooks. > I do have to ask, though - if you have an issue with Google's having access to your data, why do you use Google services? As with any web property, if you're in for a penny, you're in for a pound. This is exactly why I don't use Google's services, except for search and Google Maps. What bothers me is the possibility that even those basic services are being compromised in order to further Google's social media goals. "Literate" doesn't just mean understanding the basic methodology. It means having a broad knowledge of specific subject matter. Would you call someone "literate" in English if they knew the basic theory of English grammar but had never read, say, anything by Shakespeare? If the government didn't insist on controlling production, there would be no inconsistency. Someone else's opinion about whether I "should" be taking Adderall would not affect me. The only reason the opinion of "society" matters is that "society", via the government, insists on micromanaging people's lives. And of course the people who are going to abuse the drug just circumvent the controls, so the ones that actually suffer are the ones who genuinely need it and can't get it. > In reality, "a customer" is whoever pays the most money for something you are selling. In the modern world, this would be corporations and rich individuals, not "the people". If this were true, corporations and rich individuals would own everything. They don't. Also, if it were true, nobody but corporations and rich individuals would be able to buy anything. Are you having trouble buying groceries because corporations and rich individuals have snapped them all up? The correct definition of "customer" is "anyone who pays any price for what you are selling, that you are willing to sell it for". As long as the item is worth less to you and more to the customer than a price you can both agree on, the transaction is a mutual gain for both of you. In a true free market, if there are no such customers--because what you're selling isn't worth enough to any of them to pay a price you are willing to accept--then you go out of business. Since in such a market you can't force anyone to buy your product--they only will if it's worth more to them than what they pay--you can only stay in business by providing mutual gain. That principle would apply just as well to services like law enforcement, if they were provided in a true free market. Prompted by reading http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3680732 . > When he sees albums from bands he liked, he buys those. There's a wrinkle here, though. He talks about downloading three albums from an artist he never heard of before, and finding that he liked them. Then when he sees a fourth album on Amazon, he buys it. But he never went back and bought the three albums he had downloaded . To me, that's where he crosses the line. I'm willing to accept the general idea that he ought to be able to preview content for free. But if he likes it, and it's for sale, he's on his honor to go back and buy what he likes. And not just because it's the right thing to do; failing to do this is also stupid, by the author's own criteria. Look at it from the point of view of the artist: there's a customer out there who likes four of his albums but who has only paid for one. So the artist is only getting one-fourth of the economic feedback he should be getting to create more content. In other words, in his haste to make sure he doesn't reward content distributors who do things he doesn't like, this author is missing opportunities to reward content creators who do things he likes . > The question is not whether what the OP is doing is right or wrong. I agree; I did mention the word "right", but I then went on to say that that wasn't the real point. > maybe we'll come to a point where artists will get a higher percentage of each album sale First of all, if artists are selling direct over the Internet, why do they need to sell "albums"? Why not just sell songs? Or better yet, why not sell "content" in whatever form the customers actually want to buy it? But if anything like this happens, then the effect will be to reduce the prices of content to the point where the economic "signal" sent to the author or artist by a single purchase is about the same as it is now. Anyway, my point is that the OP went to all this trouble to write a long blog post trying to explain how "content creators" could get him to spend more money; but he never seems to realize that a better way of communicating that information is already available to him: actually spending the money on things that are worth it to him. > The only point I'd like to make is that he does repeatedly say that he does spend the money on the things that are worth it. Yes, he does, and I agree with his general point. I'm only pointing out that his definition of "worth it" appears to me to be somewhat inconsistent. If the fourth album by that artist he mentions was "worth it" because he liked the other three, why weren't the other three "worth it" as well, once he knew he liked them? The fact that he already had them for free is irrelevant; by his own admission, he could have gotten the fourth album for free as well, but he chose not to. I don't see why the same logic that drove that choice wouldn't also drive him to go back and pay for the other three after seeing their quality. > He wrote this with the objective of telling content creators directly instead of assuming that they'll just figure it out. This brings up another key point: the distinction between "content creators" and "content distributors". Much of what he says really applies to distributors--the media companies--rather than creators--the actual artists. The main conclusion an actual creator might draw from his post is that he should look for a better distribution channel than the big media companies. I would agree with that; in fact I've written about it myself: http://blog.peterdonis.com/opinions/internet-blackout-day.ht... > If one could guarantee that the money paid were a "reward to content creators" I suppose I could agree with you. I find that description quite problematic because there is very little transparency in these sorts of processes. I agree, and I should have made that point clearer. There is a critical distinction between content creators and content distributors . See my response to saber3004. You're missing the point of marginal utility. Because the price of water is so low, the marginal use of water is not for purposes vital to survival. People water their lawns, fill swimming pools, wash cars, etc. In other words, they use water for things whose utility is equal to its current price, because there's plenty of water left over at that price after all the vital-to-survival needs are met. If the price of water went up, people would stop using it for purposes with lower utility, in order to be sure to have enough for purposes with higher utility (like drinking and cooking). So the marginal utility of water would still be equal to its price. See David Friedman's text, Price Theory; in particular Chapter 4: http://www.daviddfriedman.com/Academic/Price_Theory/PThy_Cha... He discusses this exact case (diamonds vs. water). > Suppose the more frivolous uses of water were somehow restricted. Then you would no longer have a free market; people would be prohibited from engaging in transactions that they would have chosen to engage in without the prohibition. In that case, yes, price is no longer equal to marginal utility. > Alternatively, consider that blood plasma and many life-saving medicines that have no other use are still cheaper than diamonds. A better example, yes. I would tend to say the "market" in these things is not exactly free either. Somebody should ask Friedman about that one. :) > And, for the sake of argument, let's agree with the marginalists. Aren't all the marginal values and costs for a digital creation, which can be easily replicated millions of times, practically zero? Yes. > You "could not" help her? That's not exactly true, is it? It's just that if you had, there would have been negative consequences for yourself, and so, you didn't. I think the question isn't so much whether he could have tried to help her, as whether it would have done any good. The end result might well have been no improvement in her situation and a drastic worsening of his. In other words, negative consequences for him without any compensating positive consequences for her . In that situation, I'm not sure I would see much point in openly intervening. > If you're blasting your data over an unencrypted wifi connection, do you have a reasonable expectation of privacy? This seems to be equivalent to someone screaming the contents of their email, and then getting angry at you for eavesdropping. Exactly. I agree with other commenters that Google is not to be trusted, but I think this article isn't even specific to Google--it's just another illustration that unencrypted Wifi is public, and anyone with half a clue should know that by now. > This is why paying serious attention to encryption, and making it easy for people to use, might not be the mere fodder of "tinfoil hats" that some portray it to be. Setting up WPA2 on your Wifi router is not very hard. Most routers now will do it at the push of a button. (I personally don't do it that way, I set everything up by hand through the router's web interface, but that's because I'm a techie.) > There's an awful lot of science that needs to be discovered before we can do much of this. Not for the Gen1 and Gen2, and possibly not even for the Gen3. We already know how to build ion thrusters: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ion_thruster Building an ion drive ship to meet the Gen1 or Gen2 specs is a matter of engineering and cost, not science. The only other significant spec is the radiation shielding, but we know how to do that; again, it's just a matter of engineering and cost, not science. The big change in the Gen3 specs is the required 1g acceleration, which is probably too high for ion thrusters to reach based on our current knowledge. So we would need to do some development on nuclear rockets; but there has been scientific work done on fission and fusion rocket concepts, so even here it's mostly engineering and cost. It would certainly help to have a breakthrough in materials technology that would let us build lighter radiation shielding for a Gen3 ship, but we could build one without it (albeit it would be a lot more expensive). I agree the Gen4 spec is "out there". > This desire to build Enterprise is assuming that Star Trek is indeed a roadmap and blueprints. If you actually look at his roadmap and blueprints, Gen1 through Gen3 have nothing to do with the fictional Enterprise. It's just a catchy name. Only the Gen4 spec gets into "fictional science" territory (warp drives). > I posted this article to HN mostly because I wanted to see technical arguments as to why this would not work. As I posted above, for Gen1 and Gen3, and possibly even Gen3, I don't think there are any. The most important good thing these specs do is add in acceleration, even if it's small (0.002g is pretty small). Robert Heinlein said decades ago that the way we do space flight now, with ships "coasting" except for brief rocket burns to change course, is the equivalent of floating down the Mississippi on a raft. What we need are the equivalent of sailing ships--ships that always have some "push", even if it's small. The difference in travel times for any significant distance is amazing (note that current plans by NASA for a trip to Mars have it taking two years one way!). > It's not the spheres that are "spikey", the cubes are. This was exactly my reaction on thinking over what the article is saying. > The point is that when you're on the surface of a high-dimensional sphere, what you're standing on has characteristics that we, with our 3D intuition, would normally associate with spikes. Can you explain why the "spikiness" should be associated with the hyperspheres instead of the hypercubes? > when you've on the surface of a high-dimensional sphere, almost every step takes you out. Getting into the interior is like trying to get into the interior of a spike from its tip. This does, yes. Starting with how this aspect changes from a circle (1-sphere) to a 2-sphere might help to get across the "spikiness" you are talking about. It seems to be basically saying the same thing as the "lopping off the cap" description, but the latter was very hard for me to visualize. Saying that a smaller and smaller fraction of the total "hypersolid angle" intersects the hypersphere's interior as you increase the dimension makes it much easier (for me) to see what's going on. One thing that struck me as odd was that the author apparently is not an experienced programmer, but she tried to learn Python from the tutorials designed for experienced programmers; she saw that there was a list of tutorials for non-programmers, but she "didn't look at any of those". Why not? One possible answer is that the term "programming" means something somewhat different to the author than it does to, for example, me. When I look at the Python tutorial topics, even those for non-programmers, I see stuff that looks like programming: loops, conditionals, generators, etc. But the author apparently saw a lot of stuff that didn't seem to have much to do with what she was interested in: getting the computer to do something cool. Processing apparently gave her an easier way to do that. To me, getting the computer to do something cool, in and of itself, is not necessarily "programming". For example, the beginner's tutorial for Processing that the author links to tells you to type the following into the editor: "ellipse(50, 50, 80, 80);". This, of course, draws an ellipse. Cool! But this, to me, isn't "programming"; it's just invoking a magic incantation to get the computer to draw an ellipse. "Programming" is what the person did who wrote the code that interprets that line you typed and figures out what to draw and where. It's quite possible that this is just me; maybe most people are OK with using the word "programming" to describe something that doesn't seem like programming to me. But word choice aside, I am not trying to say that only what I call "programming" is worth doing. I think the point is more that maybe "programming" is too narrow a term to describe what many people are trying to do when they want to get the computer to do something cool. "Long overdue" is an understatement, to say the least. Thanks for posting this! > This context is likely not clear in the post on its own. No, it wasn't--knowing the context actually makes your post quite a bit more thought-provoking. What languages have you programmed in? Has anyone found a calculation in the specs of whether the power requirements given are sufficient to produce the required thrust, given the total mass of the ship? Here's what I come up with (rough numbers): Ship mass: 85,000 metric tons, or 85 million kg. Effective exhaust velocity: 150,000 m/s (1 g, or 10 m/s^2, times the quoted specific impulse of 15,000 s) This implies a power requirement of 75,000 Watts per Newton of thrust--half the effective exhaust velocity, since we're in the non-relativistic regime. For details, see for example here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Specific_impulse Thrust required: 1.7 million Newtons (quoted mass above times 0.002g, or 0.02 Newtons/kg) Total power required for thrust: 130 billion Watts, or 130 Gigawatts, or more than 50 times the power quoted in the specs. Am I missing something, or will this ship need 50 sets of reactors to power its engines? I have posted a comment in the Build the Enterprise forums here: http://www.buildtheenterprise.org/forum/build-the-enterprise... I've seen other indications that GoDaddy is a bit heavy-handed, to put it mildly, in responding to DMCA takedown notices. This confirms it. Assuming that the notice was worded properly, they should only have taken down the one specific site that infringed, not all the sites belonging to the same person. > Apparently many of her sites used that specific photo. Ah, didn't catch that. Are you implying that the use in question was fair use (i.e., that the OP should not have sent the DMCA takedown notice for this use)? I don't think "commercial" requires you to "make money" from the use. I think using the photo as an illustration on your business website qualifies as "commercial" even if you can't show that it brought you any business. (Of course, IANAL.) > Candice could have used a good fence between her charity and her infringing account. Agreed, but GoDaddy could have also taken option 2) from dangrossman's post above, which happens all the time with "live" servers anyway, every time people change their own configurations through the web "control panel" for their hosting provider. For the kind of plan it looks like she had, her URLs were most likely being served by the same Apache instance as the URLs for dozens of other customers; so any time any customer changes their setup, the "web server" has to reconfigure itself. That's why servers like Apache do that on the fly, without requiring a restart. > Online spaces are spaces of public accommodation. All online spaces? I more than "lean" towards introversion, and this doesn't really frighten me; it makes me a bit sad, that's all. But I doubt it's a new observation. I suspect most people have always found most other people boring much of the time, even if they are friends. It's just more evident now because people have more alternatives for spending their time that fill a need for "socializing" without requiring direct in-person interaction. Why should users have rights in this situation, other than the right to stop using the service? I understand why it would be nice if they did, but why should they? Why is it am imperative? people can't be expected to take a detailed look at every product and service they might use to assess it fully, that would simply be too time consuming, so you set a basic standard for prevention of harm So basically, you're saying people should trade trust in one third party (the service provider) for trust in another third party (whoever sets and enforces the basic standard). I can understand why people may choose to do this (though in many cases I don't think the second third party is any more reliable than the first), but I don't see it as an improvement. I don't think FB cares about whatever legal standards are in place; to them that's just a cost of doing business. But they do care about losing users. can you imagine what the likes of Facebook or Exxon or whoever might do without them. Sure, and I can also imagine people not using FB or Exxon (many people boycotted Exxon for years after the Valdez spill, IIRC). Also, I can turn the question around: can you imagine what those who are trusted to enforce standards of behavior might do once they know the public trusts them and won't question what they do? How good a job did regulators do at enforcing standards of behavior on investment banks? And before you ask, I do not use FB, precisely because I don't trust them to take care of my data. And it's not just FB; I don't trust Google to take care of my data, which is why I don't use gmail, for example, or any other Google services except search and maps. I don't expect anyone to take care of my data unless I'm paying them, as a customer, to do that--and even then I watch them.