http://qz.com/367310/how-to-kill-a-doctor/ You really think being a doctor is easy? I do both. My last time leaving a job I told external recruiters both what I was making and I would not field interviews for less than X+$21,500. Between all of the recruiters I worked with, I had 10 phone interviews with companies and a job offer within 2 weeks. I declined 5 or 6 in person interviews. My answer to that question would be, when I am at work I give 120% of my effort to my job. I build skills and I do research the latest trends in the industry. However I believe a good work life balance is important. When I leave work, I spend quality time with my family and at the gym. When I was looking for a job eight months ago. I had interviews with 10 different companies in the course of three weeks. I was not offered one job probably because of the attitude I expressed above. I accepted a job where the manager emphasized his belief in a work life balance. It's a buyers market for qualified experienced software developers. I won't jumped through unnecessary hoops to get a job. "and if you don't impress the hackers, your days are numbered" http://m.slashdot.org/story/21026 "no wireless, less space than a Nomad. Lame" Well yes he does make most of his current income from ads - mostly from his podcast. But he made most of his wealth from his equity in Tumblr as the first developer. He also sold Instsgram to another company and makes money from the OverCast app. I don't think it's a disdain for .Net. It's more of a disdain for ASP.Net Webforms. I'm definitely not a youngster (I'm 41). But he's been doing Asp.Net Webforms for 12 years. He hasn't shown a "knack for constant improvement". He hasn't been keeping up with the frameworks and technologies that MS has been pushing - Asp.Net MVC, WebApi, Entity Framework, etc. If he has been doing WebForms instead of MVC, he's probably not up on all of the basic table stakes client side stuff like BootStrap and JQuery. I know at 41 years old, if I want to stay in development and not go into management and command the salary I want, I can't be complacent. The minute that my company stagnates, I must find another job. That means for me, being a full stack .Net developer: 1. Web - Angular, JQuery, CSS, TypeScript, and Bootstrap 2. Server side web - Asp.Net MVC, WebApi, WCF 3. Knowing how to speak the language of an architect (DDD, Design Patterns,everything that Martin Fowler writes) 4. Database theory and maintenance and EF. 5. Testing - front end and back end automation testing. I'm not bragging, I know lots of developers who can tick off these checkboxes. If you're not willing to aggressive learn, this isn't the field for you. MVC is a lot easier for someone who grew up developing on the web. But if you aren't skilled at hand rolling your own HTML and you don't know client side frameworks that can take the place of the bloated but easy to use WebForm controls, MVC is a lot harder. WebForms hide the real web from developers. I disagree, I've worked with many great tech recruiters during the past 20 years that know the market. I've never had my resume submitted without my permission. The last time I was looking for a job with a certain salary, location, and work environment, they were extremely helpful filtering out the jobs that didn't meet my criteria. Employers rarely post salary ranges and it kept me from wasting time by just telling recruiters I won't interview for any job that pays less than $X. I had 10 phone screens with different companies and an offer within two weeks - without blindly applying for a job that would have paid much less than was acceptable. I hate to be that guy, but.... "That I’d been told $75k was reasonable, and that I would have to look for work elsewhere if it was going to be $44k." That was a dumb move. Why tell the boss anything? He should have thanked the boss, gone back to work and started interviewing while he had a job. He let his pride get in his way. And let's not gloss over the fact that he made at least a few million from his equity stake in Tumblr when it was sold to Yahoo. He was the first employee of the company. From everything I've heard on his podcast, it is strongly hinted that he really never needs to work another day in his life. I'm torn. I have 3 older Rokus that are in need of an upgrade. I'm trying to decide between a new Roku and an Apple TV. Roku Pros: -Has an app for the iPhone that I can use when I misplace the remote and can use the iOS keyboard for text input -Has a native Amazon Prime client. -Find remote feature -Remote with headphone jack -Dedicated app for Pandora and Spotify Cons -anemic app store outside of streaming video -No AirPlay -processor not as powerful AppleTV: Pros: AirPlay Support More powerful processor Better apps Cons: Doesn't support Apple's remote app (yet?) Fragile remote On screen keyboard seems like a pain No Amazon Prime support without using AirPlay No headphone jack on remote No Pandora or Spotify app (yet?) He tested ChromeCast and the Amazon Fire TV (which is based on Android). But with Google's spotty record when it comes to TV devices (Google TV, Android TV, Nexus Player, Nexus Q), can you blame him? I don't get it. Is Apple against programmers publishing their own source code? If the authors are giving away the code anyway why not just put it on GitHub and let anyone clone it and use it? Ahhh. In that case, I can understand why Apple wouldn't want to encourage this. if he just open sourced it, Apple wouldn't care about him distributing it or using private APIs. If someone never discovers force touch shortcuts, does it make the phone less useful? On the other hand, almost 8 years after multitouch, even people who are not tech savvy inherently understand pinch and expand so eventually it will become second nature. My bigger issue is that I think it will be confusing to people thinking that long touch doesn't work when they are pressing their screen to move icons. Even more confusing is the home button. Double press to go the home screen, double tap to activate reachability, and long press to activate Siri. "Few business models can afford a 30% tax. If you monetize externally to the device, this tax can be avoided." What do you think the "tax" is when you sell something wholesale to a distributor that then sells it to a retailer? Cards Against Humanity is always doing something crazy. When they sponsor the Accidental Tech Podcast and instead of a sponsor read, they have John Siracusa review toaster ovens. That's not true. Apple allowed third party browsers - as long as they used WebKit - from day one when the app store opened. Apple doesn't have to "allow" you to install apps on the Mac. I've got an even worse Ux experience for you. The podcast app. The sleep timer, forward 15 sec and back 15 sec buttons are completely invisible. You have to know where on the screen to press to get to them. So which should I believe, a random poster on Hacker News that says that Apple forbids employees to contribute to open source, or the fact that Apple has many published open source projects? Why am I suppose to feel bad for these adjunct professors? They seem to fall into two categories - either they are full time professionals who take on a teaching job just as supplemental income, or they chose field and/or degree for which there weren't a lot of job opportunities. I would never support my child getting a degree in Ancient Chinese Art History, I don't care if it is their "passion". As Scott Adams said "Passion Is Bullshit." So it was for the enjoyment -- there is nothing wrong with that. I also did a part time "job" that paid almost nothing compared to my real job, but was for "passion". But I wasn't crazy enough to make a career out of it like the subject of the article. "T-Mobile knows exactly what it's doing. If they had announced an open platform with open specs for implementing low-bandwidth video," Every streaming platform since RealVideo in the mid 90s has had a way to detect bandwidth and send low bandwidth video based on the amount of bandwidth available. You can download a free streaming server right now from either Apple or Adobe that can do it. "and then said "if you have this, we'll use it", the end result would be that everyone could benefit from an innovation of theirs." Does he really need to provide a link to Apple's or Adobe's free offering or the $600 WireCast solution? I've set up an bandwidth adaptive streaming solution for around $2000 (Mac Mini + BlackMagic Intensity + camcorder). "He's smart enough to know that favoring companies that "have the technology to do this" really means favoring large corporations, which is bad for the little guys." This "technology" to stream lower bitrate video based on available bit rate has been around for 20 years. if you're a small outfit, you probably don't have enough video that you need to pay someone else to transcode. You can do it yourself using freely available tools Like HandBrake and some simple scripts, and throw a few spare computers at it. I know that Apple has some tools that use QuickTime to do it - and yes QuickTime uses standard H.264 encoding. If you care about mobile, you should be encoding for low and high bandwidth anyway. Again, I mostly deal with live streaming but the $2000 solution I mentioned above allows you to simultaneously stream at multiple bitrates. I'm seriously thinking about taking a boot camp for iOS development to rapidly ramp up and maybe gain a few contacts. I've been developing professional for almost 20 years, was a hobbyist through middle and high school, and have a degree in comp. sci. A 4 year degree is overrated. Nothing I learned in 96 is relevant today except for my algorithms class and maybe my C class. My career and knowledge wouldn't have been any different if I had skipped college and learned everything on my own (which I did anyway). But hiring managers want a college degree so I am glad I have one. It depends on the tooling you have available. If I encountered a 2000 line C# method, I would use Resharper and start with the extract method command and then extract class. Look up Veblum goods. Apple doesn't take a cut either for selling non digital goods and Amazon doesn't let you buy digital goods via the app. Apple bought 10 companies last year mostly small companies. The age of spending money buying large companies and creating non focused conglomerates is dead. GE, for example, has been busy making itself smaller over the past couple of years. Google split itself up to become more focused and Sony just announced the creation of a separate PlayStation division. Apple's services revenue is growing every year. As long as their installed base keeps growing or even remains stable they can make money off of their existing customers. They aren't in the position of other phone manufacturers or computer manufacturers - with decreasing margins and only being able to make money at the point of sale. It was reported that the average selling price of iPhones was up by $3 and would have been up by $80 if it weren't for currency fluctuations. Yes you are an outlier. If I'm working on a web app, I will probably have Visual Studio running, the browser, the browser debugger window, maybe Fiddler and Slack. I work okay with two monitors but when space allows I've worked with three and even four. TV is not the next big thing. They are low margin, bulky, and on a very long replacement cycle. I've read 7 years. In most developing markets, cheap tablets are the main source of viewing video. Once you get a HDTV, you keep it until it breaks - hence the failure of every new TV technology since HD. Games are not the next big thing either. Console gaming revenue all together was only $25 billion. ( http://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2015-04-22-gaming-will... ) Beats was a profitable, high margin business, the gaming industry - not so much. But with gaming moving toward mobile, why risk actually going into the gaming industry where success or failure is based on luck when they get a 30% cut of all money spent on iOS without any risk? But there are two companies that have been able to charge a premium for decades even when there were lower cost alternatives - Apple and Microsoft. Apple has been selling computers for almost 40 years that cost more than their competitors. The average selling cost of Macs are still much higher than the industry average. The fact that Microsoft can sell any of their products at all when most people could easily use free open source alternatives means that MS must have some type of competitive advantage. For both companies, good enough is not good enough for their customer base. For me personally, the integration of their products is a reason I choose them. Microsoft's "long tail" isn't how it survived. It was just the opposite. MIcrosoft's profit has been mostky Windows+Office for 20 years. Add on Sql Server + Exchange and I would guess that's 90% + of their profit. And look at what GE is doing now - they divided their financial business, their appliance business, and a while back their stake in NBC/Universal. That was over 7 years ago. How is it "fair" that people don't know? So the lesson is -- don't eat raw and under cooked food. I support the couple but I am uneasy with it. The stance that "a private group has every right to refuse service for any reason." is the same thing that they said in the South with Jim Crow laws and racial covenants. So how can I say that what the couple is doing is within their rights but at the same time say that Jim Crow laws were not right? I can't quite square that circle. The private keys are not in the possession of Apple though. The key is in the secure enclave. You can still back up your data on your computer encrypted. Something the article failed to mention. I have never done this song and dance. I've been working professionally as a software developer for 20 years and my M.O. Is to talk to reputable recruiters, get an idea what the salary ranges are for my skill set, send my resume to the recruiter and tell them to send me prospects that meet my qualifications and that can meet my salary demands. Then I just sit back, look over the job reqs that they send me and then I decide whether I want to be submitted. Within two to three weeks, usually I have competing offers. I've never failed a phone screen with an employer and I've only twice haven't gotten an offer. Luckily my first job I got was based on an internship. I graduated from a Podunk state college and I've been able to demand a competitive salary after my first three year job stint. He has absolutely no understanding of the technical differences between allowing the FBI and other government agencies with the proper subpoena access to iCloud data which is not encrypted and Apple has done, with hacking a phone and installing custom software. I use to love Yahoo Spades with Cases Ladder. It was all Java based. I first started playing on my PowerMac 6100/60 over dialup in 1996. I can see why they closed it. The idea of running Java in the browser on the desktop is kind of antiquated with everything moving away from both the desktop to mobile and everyone moving away from Java in the browser. Kudos for not doing slide show I don't think it will be there downfall, all of those companies have failed to make compelling mass market hardware and have shown no lack of willingness to write software for iOS. Whatever they do in AI that benefits the consumer, they will make sure it runs on iOS. If Apple gets so far behind that they need to offer it to their customers, they will probably make it easier to integrate Amazon, Microsoft, or Facebook's offerings. Thinking of all of the computers I've had since 2007, all of them are usable and still in use at least once a week. 2006 era Mac Mini Core Duo 1.66Ghz. Run Windows 7 gave it to my mom. She still uses it. 2009 era Sony Viao - Core Duo 1.66Ghz, 2Gb RAM. Windows 7. My son uses it for Office and MineCraft 2009 Dell Pentium Dusl Core 2Ghz, 4Gb of RAM. It's still my only laptop. The display is 1600x900 and is still better than many cheap laptops. The battery is crap though. 2011 Core 2 Duo 2.66Ghz laptop. My wife's computer. It's still feels fast. My workhouse is a 3Ghz I3 with 6Gb of RAM. Bought in 2012. It amazes me when Android users say that the answer to fleeing a walled garden where one company controls the hardware, the software, and the app store is by buying a phone (a Nexus) where one company provides the hardware and software and if you want to stay safe, only use their app store. I have a perfectly working color laser printer from HP and they decided not to have drivers that work with Windows 10. Why are drivers still a thing in the Windows world? Any printer that supports AirPrint (almost any wireless printer) will at least give you a base level of functionality without printer specific drivers required. The only reason that I'm keeping the printer is because it still works with my iOS devices and I'm getting a Mac eventually.