I have a very simple question: What would happen if they tried to sue a developer in a country that doesn't consider software patents valid, and in which their patent has the worth of decorative piece at most? Said developers aren't interested in coming to USA, either. I wonder how the hell did they focus on Misaka and upskirts... cause anyone who read/watched the material would know, that the running gag is that her clothing makes any try at pantyshot futile... and thus doesn't really care about moving in a way that would normally expose her. I guess my astonishment comes from the fact that to me, the name reminds me not of a minor gag, but rather of the mentally-broken, war-torn 13~14yo who could take over any computer system, and use coins (and other conducting materials) as hypervelocity projectiles (thus her nickname, "Railgun"). So... once again, media jumping to worst possible interpretation? ... I am sorry, but that's very untrue. As it happens, not every language is implemented using runtime written in C/C++, nor does every language modules written in C/C++ to extend it instead of FFI. Dealing with libraries written in C++ without C API is one of the worst PITAs in my experience, leading to crazy things like KDE's SMOKE (which, to make it funnier, has bad documentation, so I'm still unsure if I can make it work outside Qt's object model) At that speed, it could easily cut through the rather delicate construct that is an airliner's wing, especially close to tip as it did. The simulation also didn't agree with facts, without proposing anything regarding why it the plane might end up where it was found. Pity the facts, right? Because "accident" is how you call such disasters? Also, people in the industry knew the less-than-sterling reputation of governmental transport service. EDIT: I should clarify that "accident" is a specific class of event in aircraft accident investigation, together with "incident". It's literally "aviation terminology" stuff. Except it's not 100 tons of steel. It's a very delicate structure of tons of parts, and the part that got damaged wasn't the most resilient (nor did it account for 100 tons of steel). Breaking into pieces happened when the whole plane hit the ground in the worst possible (for airliner) way - upside down. At over 180 km/h. A big problem is that the newer stack is not homogenous - the applications deployed on Dyno have much, much bigger variability than the old "Rails/Rack only" stack of Heroku. Meanwhile GAE stack is fully controlled by Google and reuses, afaik, their impressive "google scale" toolchest that goes from replacement naming systems, through monitoring, IPC, custom load balancing etc. While F5 and similar offer nice hw for that, I'm not sure if their hw (or HAProxy's software) supports the architecture type used by Heroku (many heterogenous workers running wildly different applications with dynamic association of worker to machine etc.) FB is a ghost town for me, despite having bigger amount of "friends" there than on G+... The difference is that the occasional content on FB is utterly lost between tons of "apps" and ads, to the point that I can count the amount of times I visited FB in 2012 on fingers. FB's last "pro" is Messenger... which I use actually to talk to only one person. Quebec's case is rather their laws regarding contests, lotteries etc. Basically any contest from outside Canada won't give a damn about working all of those rules in (if it's even possible at all), so they are simply banned from essentially all international competitions of this kind :) In their interactions with Quebec residents, apparently yes. The actual decoding passes don't translate well to shader architectures, so GPUs include custom circuitry to handle various transformations involved in decoding. I am sorry to say, but in this case, at least some people I know would refuse not because it's "old", but because it's PHP. They would joke about rather using COBOL than PHP, indeed. (I count among them, and yes, I do remember enough to somehow get by in ISPF on IBM mainframe ;)) The long loading time might be unoptimized-yet parsing of various XML files of ones app. In general, it's mostly an evolutionary work on existing IntelliJ Android plugin. The View editor afaik has some support for custom views, but only some - it's rather iffy (IntelliJ Android view renderer simply used Android libs to render them, but of course that doesn't work for everything, and anything fully programmatic is dead anyway). Fwiw, IntelliJ's XML editor was always much better at not freaking out at the fact that you haven't finished writing that new tag so of course your view doesn't validate (something that was a constant for me back when I used Eclipse). The editors in general are standard for IntelliJ, with some nifty transformations added - the XML string example reminds me of how IntelliJ dynamically renders certain idioms into Java 8 forms while still keeping the code in 1.6 (well, that's how I have it configured, that is). In general, it's nice, I hope it will be available as plugin into plain old IntelliJ as well. Hmm... other than some issues with disappearing completion windows (probably related to me running XMonad), I haven't really found it to be that ugly on linux... Maybe not very slick, but frankly speaking, for the benefits it's small price :D Could you describe your workflow/emacs.d ? I've been thinking of going with Emacs for Java coding for some time, but JDEE always seemed to be missing something (and some of the newer options tended to eat hilarious amounts of resources or required maven) I think that there's a significant number of people who didn't do the learning you apparently did, and instead tried a let's call it "vocational" approach. Funnily enough, such approach is at the core of the jokes about a so-called "humanist" studies leading to a job at McDonald's - the difference being that you can usually get by enough to start in STEM fields. The other group of people complaining about university, to whom I sometimes belong, is grumpy due to how easy it is to be self taught, even if you might miss some of the more theoretical stuff that you won't use unless you work on a harder problem than most software in the world. Sometimes it's not even about education as much as it is about finances - I quite often found myself looking at job ads and thinking "I could do the job right now if I dropped uni, and I would have no more problems with money". I have seen bias based on operating hours which can benefit USA based freelancers, but rarely I had seen someone explicitly wanting someone from USA when the job didn't involve on-site work. OTOH, I have actually seen jobs restricted to countries marked as "developing economies" in order to take only the cheaper bids. I think the real issue is that nobody[1] really cares about ad-hoc networking, especially in anything linux related. I recall times when NetworkManager team, back then the only "nice" tool for wifi, outright claimed they don't ever care about ad-hoc (or even static IP). Similarly, barely anything appears to support ad-hoc, and I am not sure if many current users recall that it exists at all… [1] an obvious hyperbole, but that's the feeling I get In Ruby World, Sequel ( http://sequel.jeremyevans.net/ ) probably gives a bit of best of both ORM and direct SQL use, because what it really does is an object-oriented ("native" to language) interface to SQL database. And yes, it can build models like ActiveRecord, too! In Common Lisp, postmodern ( http://marijnhaverbeke.nl/postmodern/ ) serves a similar role, with both DAO and lower-level access methods that compose pretty well. The 'perec' ORM from DWIM project was based on Postmodern, and among some weirder things I did quite easily was embedding custom SQL into query builder, so that the object-based accesses would use the advanced SQL. Really nifty feature :) Pretty much the only license that CDDL conflicts with is GPL, and that's because of differing approaches of both licenses rather than one being non-free (IMO). However, that doesn't really prevent it from being used with linux in any practical use… Yes, it does happen on some text inputs, it tends to depend on relative size (for example, I recall zoom in landscape but not necessarily in portrait, etc.). Generally I welcome it, because I can click on the teeeny input field and have it come "closer" to me for editing then get out of the way. IIRC, Sun sued Microsoft for creating & pushing proprietary extension that, when used, limited the created application to Windows platform and MS' JVM. Not for improving Java itself, afaik. Aren't both of those only on non-thinkpad branded machines? I think most Mac hardware doesn't have the ability to drive them at 60hz. Except people have bad tendency to not throw out prototypes and are unwilling to do the work to deal with bad decisions from the prototype time... Not that much manual setup - just check it out into quicklisp local-projects directory, and run (ql:quickload "sketch") Seriously, what kind of pre-done setup one needs these days? Even PDE-style package can be prepared for this with CL-launch and some editor support, and the editor is probably going to be biggest issue (if not using SLIME and Emacs). It's doable to make a single monolithic application out of Sketch as well, but I guess it hasn't been done yet (especially since most lispers use SLIME) ... Except that BeOS didn't really put anything that isn't also present in Windows or (much later) in OSX, as well as at least some implementations in Linux. And I might be a bit pedantic, but filesystems are databases. Indexing and navigation methods sometimes differ, but a lot of people use advanced indexing in windows that not only checks extended attributes but also contents. etc. Papert's approach was, AFAIK, wildly different compared to recent spread of "just teach people to code". Papert was going more about actual thinking and exploration using new tools, rather than "teaching everyone to code". Except that "Setup Mode" exists and every serious computing device that uses Secure Boot provides it, because big business customers wants it. What is "Setup Mode"? It's "load your own root of trust and wipe any preinstalled keys". Nothing, nothing says that the root of trust has to be from Microsoft or Intel (and Secure Boot specification that is tested for Windows Logo certification would reject such system unless manufactured by Microsoft or Intel). The difference with jumper is that you have standardized APIs etc. for the signing process, including a standardized "jumper". And they seem to continue to false axiom of assuming "static" == "strong" and "dynamic" == "weak". FFS, some people should finally learn. The real big power of Access was that it could use other database engines through ODBC. Quick RAD tool for databases! It already was such a system - configure the database to use a named ODBC data source that points to shared server instead of JET file, distribute, run. That's more a disaster of our tooling - that we have menial work still, even though it was regarded bad and avoidable in 1970s with C! (not to mention smalltalk, lisp, etc.). GCE provides significantly more reliability promises to us, from the PoV of user - As far as I know, DigitalOcean and RamNode don't provide things like no-downtime host maintenance (hell, AWS doesn't provide that) Interestingly, the "3 cores for 1 user acing one" would explain the pricing of "preemptible" instances - which can cost as little as 1/3rd of full instance. And the main difference is that they are fully rescheduled every 24h or more often, and there's no live-migration for maintenance... … I am now wondering if GCE runs fault-tolerant VMs. Because if it does, holy moly As someone who has run Hdfs in production on bare metal, I wonder how much you dislik gitlab... TL;DR - HDFS is rarely the answer, mainly due to pains usually involving crashed nameservers. Naughty Dog still does so, just usually for game logic, tooling etc. with core engine in C++ (reasons are afaik language-unrelated). Some presentations about uncharted and other games they did recently describe how they use it Dial up lines are still available in some datacenters, had some both for services and for OOB access as recent as 2015 (San Jose) As someone who learnt to glide on modern (30:1 glide ratio) glider, those numbers make me think of truly ancient hardware... A core issue is the use of Record/Playback approach... something that Selenium itself has dropped long ago (Selenium IDE is dead, people, DEAD). In my experience, once you stop trying to record clicks, often on elements that will dynamically change outside of your control, and instead use proper coded tests for locating UI elements like Selenium 2+ gives you, it's much easier to have both tests that don't break and tests that are easy to maintain. There's even a specific concept in UX research related to that whose name escapes me at the moment, but generally boils to "discoverable interface" that is also open and encouraging the user to explore. This way you aren't "blocked" when you first open the application - but you're encouraged to learn and become expert. The signals are skewed in predictable way, which allows recovering the ordering of transmission. IIRC, there's no common clock at all, each lane is "independent" and the ordering is applied on top. Workers aren't well empowered in many of those situations, at least in my experience. Those productive engineers? They figured enough of office politics skills to do the equivalent of taking a manager to a dark alley, then leaving the mutilated remains hanging from the "gate" to their time. Unfortunately, those skills are not skills we teach anyone, at least not in computing. Meanwhile, project management seems to be a common subject in engineering classes in other areas... I find it rather rare for GNU to actually use (any) lisp or support it. Sometimes I have a feeling that only a few hard working people somehow carry the torch of Guile as standard extension language of GNU project. :( Well, I recognize my own lack of skills there. What's worse is that I also have a generally uphill battle with interpersonal skills, so I'm really not the person to teach them to anyone. However, so long as we don't have professional courses taking this into account I don't think we can talk about teaching "software engineers". It's also horribly written and essentially a bad joke. I don't have anything against Apocrypha in an otherwise serious document, but this is so badly written that I know people who only understood what it was talking about on the third read of it, specifically looking for the meaning. It's so low quality that I suspect many people simply don't care about keeping it in, especially as it comes out of left field and not, let's say, general snarky tone (which can be great as anyone in the trenches can recall from time to time). Considering the stories of the breakdown of MIT AI Lab, you might be... surprised. (No, Levy's book was not honest to the facts) Unfortunately, at times I look at GNU and see that it's a project whose success is in spite of RMS. He gave a good basis in the original manifest, gave generally good inspiration, but that's what it is - inspiration. Said inspiration made people work on the projects that over time somehow managed to end up under GNU umbrella. But a lot of RMS-managed, top-down GNU projects? Never got anywhere. See also the discussion mentioned by Ulrich Drepper back in 2001, regarding RMS' behaviour back when Ulrich started to port glibc to linux. "Hackers: Heroes of the Computing Revolution" is probably the most common source for those who "weren't there" about AI Lab, and it paints a story of the lab being destroyed by Symbolics, proprietary software etc. - I have personally seen the meme of "AI Lab hackers got bought out" with referrals to the book itself. What a lot of people don't know is that one of the descriptions used by RMS to talk about how "AI Lab lost people", the story of how he couldn't meet people at lunch, isn't because they left AI Lab for "evil corporations". It was because a lot of people avoided RMS, especially after lawsuit often considered more crucial for the creation of GNU than the Xerox printer story (Stallman violated Symbolics-MIT source licensing deal). From better sources, I have met two AI Lab members from 1970s - one even claimed to have been RMS' supervisor back when RMS was Harvard Undergrad working part-time (and if certain war story is to be believed, is indirectly responsible for Emacs happening) - the impression left was that a lot of RMS' AI Lab contemporaries wouldn't shake hands with him since 1980s. Heard also interesting stories on RMS' mismanagement of early Hurd initiative and how it resulted in close to 0 work being done.