I included a full language specification with my patent application. Reading boring specifications can also be a drag, so I even wrote a version that sorts information by color. Its all available on http://mailmarkup.org/ If you are aware of any prior art please do the right thing. I have not been able to find any, but that does not mean it doesn't exist. Did you bother to even open the spec or were you too busy making assumptions? Here is a link in case the you missed the one on the site: http://mailmarkup.org/mail-documentation.xsd I am going to make the baseless assumption that your intentions were well placed, and happily await a contribution of prior art. EDIT: My lawyers have deliberately asked that I not transcribe the claims in the patent application, but its really not hard to figure out from looking first at what the language does differently from the spec and then glossing over the claims in the patent application. I put this stuff online myself years ago, because I have nothing to hide and want nothing more than to ensure the software is valid and novel. Please feel free to prove otherwise, because either way you are contributing to a software project. Anybody can protect an invention. The average 8K-18K in average lawyers fees is trivial. Building a team and acquiring the necessary funding to launch a business investment based upon an invention is a far greater challenge. Not everybody is at a stage where quitting their job to work on such things full time to build a product complete enough to present to angle investors is a viable option. If it were so simple then every software developer would be a successful start up founder. The intended goal of this thing is to fully describe email threads in a manner that is durable. To my knowledge, even today, there are no structures or grammars that are capable of describing email content and fully retaining their original definitions after full exposure the various software of the email platform. Rich text format comes close, though. Regardless of whether or not the patent is granted I would like to create a start-up to build a new transport medium. It would be nice to have an online software platform built for automation and data integration above all else that allows any data repository to become a possible publication point using just URI addressing. I can see many possibilities that could arise from such a thing, especially if the primary markup language is always immediately accessible. I get really tired of people thinking web === internet. As a web developer I enjoy contributing to projects that help me to identify stupid things, because there is an abundance of stupid in web technologies. I enjoy contributing to things like JSLint and Pretty Diff. Sometimes contributions can be as simple as bug reports or feature suggestions. This kind of information is golden for complex projects maintained by very few individuals. Why bother blaming politics you don't control when instead you can blame the technology that makes this possible in the first place? Support an alternative like http://mailmarkup.org/value.xhtml Instead of laws and wishful thinking why don't people take action toward an alternative technology: http://mailmarkup.org/value.xhtml You can tell the people who really care about this subject from those who just need something to whine about by looking at the contributions they make. To be clear Obama is not a member of the Republican party. You mention Obama specifically and then dumping "this political baggage" and follow it up with the "Republican Party". I think its time we all revisit "Born On The Fourth of July". Stone's bore of a movie in search of a plot. What it lacks in direction and basic story-telling it makes up for in emotion and political bias. I lost braincells watching this foolishness and it is enough to convince me to ignore all other politically sensitive Stone movies. Stone should go back to doing movies like "Conan the Barbarian", which is a classic. > Email is an amazing tool. I don't understand the rush to get rid of it. I would say that Email has its strengths, but there are still learned opportunities for improvement. Email is a text based format. I mean this literally as in there is literally no convention to email aside from a couple specified fields in the message header, which often get auto-reproduced into the message body. We can do better on this front to increase accessibility, internationalization, and understandability. There is greater AI potential from email than from the web. Email chains tend to represent conversations with the necessary networking information that both computers and humans similarly understand. This is absolutely missing from HTTP and requires a lot of custom assistance in the formatting of the output to make sense to either computers or humans on the web. Email is less centrally managed than the web. The end points on email are message authors while the server is a glorified application router. On the web though the server is the end point, which is far more primitive. Perhaps the "disruption value" is not in media/advertising/content (as in the web) but instead in an enhancement that could erode certain attention from the web. Here is a potential example that will probably never see the light of day http://mailmarkup.org/ * Name - Biddle * Description - Self-hosted application/module distribution and package management for all languages and operating systems * This month - I would like to reach initial completion status thereby moving from alpha to beta releases * Skills - JavaScript, Node, Shell Scripting, Windows, nix * Link - https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle * License - MIT ES6 refers to ECMAScript version 6, which was the official name of the latest version up until around December 2014. I believe ECMAScript 2015 was coined by Dominic Denicola to put additional pressure on TC39 to publish that year. Specifics on how exactly this is happening are unclear. Is the officer less confrontational to begin with, avoiding escalation? Or are suspects and complainants more wary of their conduct? Is it some combination of the two, or are even more factors involved? To determine these things would be a far more complex and subtle piece of research, but the study does suggest that officer behavior is probably the most affected, and that other effects flow from that. Clearly the brilliant researchers of Cambridge don't have teenage children. The answer is simple. People in emotional need of attention will act out (and escalate) as necessary so long as there remains feedback (whether positive or negative, healthy or harmful). I suspect this sort of irrational behavior is most frequently displayed against the police officer, but in some cases can be caused by officers (they are people too). The only distinction between officers and non-officers being frequency of experience dealing with confrontation. Despite the behavior being completely irrational (often out of control) there remains a fear of accountability. Will video evidence go out to your parents, spouse, coworkers? How embarrassing, right? The magic is that this fear of accountability is immediately present. The irrational behavior has to ramp up, similar to rage, and so is not spontaneous. This indicates the accountability fear is a constant reminder to not embarrass yourself, particularly when there is evidence that will appear on YouTube. Until very recently, and thanks to the likes of The Guardian’s The Counted, Fatal Encounters and Campaign Zero’s Mapping Police Violence, the data to prove the systemic racism that results in the police killings of unarmed black people has not been widely available to the public. It doesn't sound like, according to the article, the California initiative is to prove racism but rather track, identify, and reduce police initiated violence. Is this the writer's bias? I am working on a partial solution to this kind of problem and plan to move from Alpha to Beta version later today. https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle This is not a CVS, so you would still need to run something like git locally on your own server, but the idea of self-hosted modules will solve for the censorship of central authorities. Thanks for taking the time to look at it. The Docker approach looks like a strong approach, but I suspect applications leveraging this solution would be confined to the container. Writing parsers is hard and takes some experience, but its not as hard or as impossible as most of these comments make out. JSON is retarted simple to parse, even in the face of certain edge case ambiguities. I can say this from experience after having written an HTML/XML parser that provides support for various template schemes: Twig, Elm, Handlebars, ERB, Apache Velocity, JSP, Freemarker, and many more. I have written a JavaScript parser that supports React JSX, JSON, TypeScript, C#, Java, and many more things. In years I have been programming I frequently hear whining like, "its too hard". Don't care. While you are wasting oxygen crying about how hard life is somebody else will roll a solution you will ultimately consume. http://prettydiff.com/ https://github.com/prettydiff/a11y-tools Hope it is insured against golf ball sized hail. If so people in Texas will buy this in droves just for the durability. In not it will never sell in Texas. A two party system is a large part of this problem. One group validates itself by demonizing the only other player in town. It's toxic and it energizes the most self-serving of us. They want to get elected. So, in that regard they want the same thing. What you say to get elected is largely irrelevant, particularly if you can suggest the opposing party is more evil. The goal isn't to be a good candidate, qualified, or even ethical... its to get elected out of a contest of two people. Who ever uses the media most wins. It doesn't even have to be favorable news coverage or even make sense. Who ever appears on the screen the most or gets their name mentioned the most wins. Again, its only a contest out of two people and the general population is easily energized by emotions. I live in a big urban area in the midde-west. I don't care about poor white people sadness or coastal elite arrogance. To me both of those are ignorant extremes in isolated bubbles. You people seriously need to join the military, live in foreign country for more than a year, or go shake a stranger's hand. Seriously... the level of ignorance and isolation demonstrated in some of these comments is dumbfounding. It college is your solution to "shaking it up" you are probably still really isolated. I am trying to normalize some of this between different operating system shells: https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle What an oversimplification by somebody who sounds like an emotional failure. I am very active in writing OSS (probably more so than with my primary job). I also have two jobs (corporate web developer for a major dot com and army reserves) and yet still find time for the healthy marriage and kids (of whom are now teenagers). It certainly can be done. It certainly hasn't made me wealthy though. I wouldn't be able to make this happen at all if it weren't for personality. A certain amount of charisma, dedication, humor, and patience. I am also a bit more hyper than the average person and require far less sleep than average and don't spend any time on Twitter or Facebook. > it's because you disregarded that Richard puts his ethical argument for the implications to humanity first No. I have spent three years living apart from my family on military deployments. I know what it means to make this ethical argument and live by it in a self-sacrificing way. Many people cannot make this work, which isn't the same as forcing a divisive choice upon those of us who can. The next time developers cry about JavaScript's incompetence because of potential hacky type coercion stupidity I will shove this in their face. Instead of HTML/CSS why not parse markdown to a something even more direct like terminal output. My biddle application does this. Try it out let me know what you thing. Here are some commands to get started: git clone git@github.com:prettydiff/biddle.git cd biddle node biddle (parses the readme.md file to the terminal) node biddle get http://example.com/document.md node biddle markdown downloads/document.md node biddle markdown downloads/document.md 60 (word wrap at 60 character width) The US attitude towards immigration is completely asinine and driven by ignorance. Immigrants are a huge sector in the economy. This WSJ article, like so many others, is part of that ignorance in that it isn't about low skill or low pay workers. It is about filling jobs, regardless of pay rate, that US citizens are not willing to fill. A prime example is software developers. In the US software developers make 2x to 3x the national average pay rate for full time labor. Despite the high pay rate and comfortable work environment there is a massive demand for skills that is not being filled domestically. From 1995-2005 there was a massive off-shoring to find low cost software developers. Since 2010 the off-shoring is entirely about finding competent employees to fill labor shortages opposed to reducing expenses. Americans are not willing to step up and take these available software development jobs at a level of competence demanded by employers regardless of pay rate. A popular bitch-fest on reddit is that software developers are paid too low and if they were paid more this problem would be magically solved. First of all there is absolutely no evidence to suggest such. Secondly, software developers are already paid well and still there are massive shortages with high attrition. These problems are not related to pay rates, but are deeper rooted issues more related to outdated skills, low confidence, missing initiative, and poor education. These deeper problems are a hard pill to swallow considering they require some amount of time and investment and still result in an substandard result. I work in a major metropolitan area (one of the 4 largest in the US). There is a large educated sector of the population and a huge number of software and technology companies here. Still, despite this, technology jobs cannot be filled. Half my coworkers have always been immigrants. Even when pay is high local people are not stepping up to fill the positions. If you are in technology you can only continue to ignore that you work with a large number of immigrants and offshore teams for so long. Eventually, you will have to keep up with current skills, move to a low income market, or be content with being replaced by an immigrant who has more initiative. > If you want skilled developers with modern skills be prepared to pay for it. There is no evidence that increased rates have solved this problem as demand continues to outpace availability. The definition of competence wildly varies based upon who you ask. There are many experienced developers in the work force, whom I am sure would rate themselves high, who cannot do their jobs (at all) without their favorite frameworks and abstractions. Epic fail. They might rate themselves with an 8, but I would give them a 3. I am sure they likely do, which only suggests developers' opinions of stylistic qualities and tool choice is an extraordinarily weak metric of competence. A better and more objective metric is an evaluation of the product: the speed of code writing, execution speed, fewer dependencies, few lines of code, and so forth. From that you can guess an opinion that better software is written by better developers. Asking developers to rate each other, or themselves, is next to worthless. > Do you honestly believe this? Absolutely. Most of the time I have interviewed for a job in the past I am the guy picked out of 20-25 applicants. Its not because I am a rock star or something special. It is because most of these people are horribly under qualified. People want to get paid more, but are often not willing to invest the effort to make higher wages a reality. The common solution (band-aid) for this problem... frameworks. > I understand there are some big differences here, and you could reasonably argue that software developers don't deserve such high wages (they often have graduate degrees but aren't strictly required to, for example). In my opinion this is the root of the problem. Schools are not preparing students with many of the practical skills of software development. These students enter the market with skills businesses claim to want, but often don't match with the reality of the position, platform, or technology. Businesses could solve this problem themselves by training their work force, but they don't. Instead it is entirely on the employee to get the skills (on their own time) the current employer demands. As a result many developers burn out and those who achieve this mastery of learning on their own time leave to get higher paying jobs elsewhere. Why wouldn't they since they have invested in themselves more so than the employer has, and such there is no loyalty earned. The end result is a talent gap. A large pool of barely qualified people that have trouble moving between employers and on the other side a couple of talented folks who can do whatever they want. Bah. It still requires a build step. I will stick with Pretty Diff and its "correct" option. https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle Can parse markdown to formatted stdout (ANSI colors, wordwrap, and so forth) on the console in both posix and Windows. You fill it full of junk. If you are a single male not addicted to vanity you can likely fit all your belongings in the backseat of a car. My largest belongings were the computer and the truck load of military clothing. Women tend to accumulate more stuff than men regardless of vanity. When you get kids people just give you more stuff than you need (or want) for the kids. The only limitation on the ever increasing accumulation is the space available. Honestly, the two biggest rooms in this house just store stuff. I can absolutely live without that space. I do enjoy having an extra bedroom to use for... fill in the blank. I bought my house as a foreclosure for 125k and now Zillow lists it for 235k (a bit inflated). The value of my house is about the down payment on a house in San Jose and what I paid is half that. I have a 2900sq ft home in Texas and we spend next to nothing on heating and AC. Our electric bill per month averages around $160 and peaks around $200 in the summer when we run the AC a bit harder. More than half the expense there is all the electronics in the house, primarily: kitchen utilities, computers, and large screens. The site is called "web fundamentals" and looks to be educational. Unfortunately, it is severely flawed due to a bias. The site is immediately and inherently skewed towards interaction and programming. This mistake (though incredibly common) is really really bad. At the core to have the web all you need is two things: an application protocol and a document structure format. The public web standardizes on HTTP and HTML for those two qualities. This site does not address these two most primary qualities explicitly. The implicit assumption is that these qualities are not themselves important and instead necessary trivialities who technical qualities can be indirectly surmised through study of more interesting derivative works. This is a big mistake that makes learning these technologies far hard than it really needs to be. Don't assume the technologies are simple or that people will just get it right, because they won't. If I were teaching a class on web fundamentals I would start with XML Schema. Don't laugh, I am being serious, just hear me out. Learning XML Schema is important because it forces the student to learn the importance of structure and design in the crafting of human consumable information, which is really what the web is all about. It also teaches the student about node types and node relationships that is directly reflected in the standard DOM methods. Equally important it also teaches the student about application scope. XML Schema (and thus XML and HTML) features lexical scope for its scope model in exactly the same way that JavaScript does. I cannot express enough just how important this single quality is to understanding JavaScript. For people coming from languages like C#/C++/Java this really seems to be the most challenging experience to wrap their heads around, but it is absolutely essential to understanding that language. After XML Schema I would teach the DOM. I would teach this even before teaching anything about JavaScript. Understanding the DOM from a high level is a conversation of relationships and abstract modeling more than programming. Many web developers never get this and they forever suck as a result. This subject is so much easier to understand when separated from writing methods in a programming language and then so much easier to apply once the student gets to the programming part. None of these principle standard technologies are hard to learn. They just need to be taught in the right order and expressed through practice. Security standards are hard, but web standards are easy. Yet, most developers I have ever known always fail on the easy stuff. If you, as a potential educator, aren't taking these technologies seriously then neither will your prospective students. When you declare an element (or attribute) in an XML instance that isn't already defined as a body of the primary document or root schema this declared entity is available only to a limited scope. That limited scope is the element of declaration and its descendant nodes. Typically such declarations occur as the result of referencing a foreign artifact against a namespace. You don't really see this capability in the common forms of HTML, but you can if you run the HTML as an XML serialization (regardless of the HTML doctype in the document). The execution context can be changed in many cases by sending a document with an XML specific media type or in some cases by changing the file extension from .html to .xhtml. How would you start? Hummmm... you wonder how much of that money is invested in internal training for those skills they claim they cannot find. I bet the average is pretty close to 0. I guess it just makes more sense to throw money at the problem and hope for magic in 43 days. Instead, why not just devote that $33K to a training program for a duration of roughly 43 days? Now you have the skills you were missing with the bonus of added loyalty and lower risk at no additional cost (money and time that would have been spent anyways). You also get a massive productivity boost for free according to Brook's Law. The only cost is that an external candidate might (or might not) have a diversity of skills your company doesn't provide. Devs always claim this, but there is no evidence to suggest if you throw additional money the problem that it would be solved any faster. There is a shortage, but its largely imaginary. It would be more accurate to call it a talent gap. The talented candidates are certainly out there, but there are far more candidates available who are less talented. Increasing the pay rate for talented candidates does not magically convert somebody with fewer skills into somebody with awesome skills.... so therefore there must be a shortage (sarcasm). Imagine if we followed the numbers, the empirical evidence, like insurance companies do. In this case the legal age would be raised from 18 to 25. This wouldn't make any real difference to politics because young people don't vote. It would be huge to consumer spending. Consider the following: * Age to get a credit card, file a DBA, open a bank account, or get an apartment. * Age to purchase tobacco and pornography (yes yes, I suspect most people get their porn for free online regardless of age now). * FBI already refuses to hire field agents below the age of 24. * You could not be tried as an adult in criminal court until age 25. The number of adult violent offenders in prison might decrease as much as 70%. * You cannot get married until the age of adulthood. I suspect states would compromise on this one and allow permissible parental consent as young people will still continue to have children. --- My personal opinions are that people would be much better prepared for life, there would be fewer lost souls to the criminal justice system, and the consumer debt industry would be largely eliminated from all but proverty classes (like the payday loan vultures). I don't see how that would make any difference. Typically many 18 year old require a co-signer or sponsor to get an apartment on their own. If you are in an abusive household call the authorities (you can do this at any age). This happens anyways. I joined the US Army at age 17. I think your second point is reactionary to the extreme. It would be more valid if young people participated (actually by voting and/or petitioning the government) instead of just bitching about it on social media. That said young people can revolt just the same regardless of voting age. I have no idea what that means. Statistically young people don't vote. I think its close to around 6% of 18-24 year olds vote in presidential elections with a statistically insignificant amount voting in other elections.