The equation is provided on the same page. It is using the Heaviside step function which allows you to piecewise define the curves and add them all together. The main change from the Jeopardy competitions is they don't need to find an answer in under a second. So you can probably reduce to computitional capability significantly. I know Citi Bank has a disposable credit card number feature though their website. You had to log into your credit card account to use it. Is it a one person car? How long did something like that take you to do? Seems like best to stay away from Walmart. I doubt it costs Cisco anything extra because they probably need the distribution rights for other products they develop (for example WebEx.) Besides it a good PR benefit for them with minimal incremental cost. This question seems totally unreasonable for the length of any technical interview I have taken or conducted. Most interviews run under an hour and focus on multiple topics. Its rare you can focus on one question more than 10 minutes. The rule of thumb I use is that if I'm picking a question as an interviewer, I make sure I can answer that question in 1/3 the time I plan to give to the candidate. Given the pressure that they are under, I expect to owe that that much. Right now I'm browsing HN while eating at my desk. What is the fewest number of moves than one can lose a game of chess assuming the losing side is trying to the worst possible. Better deal than $3 billion for a company that makes thermostats. I'm guessing this is not an engineer designed product. I can see there will be a lot of technical issues to solve. Also the kind of connectors displayed can easily cost hundreds of dollars if they are custom made. FPGA are still more costly when compared to ASIC in large volume. Some of these high end FPGA can run $1K to $10K assuming you have even access to them due to their limited availability. Probably a fire code violation if a power loss prevents you from opening the door to escape. The whole point of that API is crowd source collection of data so everyone can benefit. If electric cars are already a good deal do we still need to have tax incentives? But why restrict the gov't ability to provide free online filing. If TurboTax can provide an alternative that is better then they can still make money by providing value. Are you old enough to remember the dot com bubble and bust? School of hard knocks VC investment don't guarantee a return. The market has decided that the company is worth little. The language color forth does this. atwood's law They are tax payer subsidized. I'm living in one of the top cities in the Bay Area and they don't yet cover there. Amazon already allows DRM free publications to be emailed into Kindle devices. My point being they are stating that their service is available to 137M people. The bay area is one of the top population centers in the US so I'm surprised they say they can get 40-50% coverage. I have gotten DRM free books from O'reilly's, Informit, Peachpit and Apress. Although all technical books, they are all major publishers. The MorphOS license cost 3x more than the value of my old G4 laptop. The ones with the "P" flags are prefail indicators that the controller manufacturer thinks will indicate failure. When value goes below threshold, it sets a SMART prefail status indicator that the host controller can poll. Unfortunately for SATA there is no way for SSD to interrupt the host controller to give such a warning so you need some kind of monitoring software to periodically poll the SMART status. Your drive looks in good shape in my opinion but thinks can always change suddenly so always backup. Are "logistics" companies valued higher than other industries? What is the name of this game? I thought research was funded through grants and sports was self funding? Accounting seems to something that is easy to offshore. Two companies I've worked at moved the low level accounting tasks to India and Macao respectively. Much of it is mechanical in nature and once the grunt work is done you can have someone local crosscheck it if needed. Would be interesting to see their BMI. People always say BMI is not a good indicator for athletes. Does "end-to-end proof of implementation correctness and security enforcement" mean there is zero change of a bug or security flaw? My Citizen Eco-Drive gets charged through solar power in daily use. It is one less think I need to charge on a daily basis. Make sure to subtract the extra labor cost of doing all these measurements and the loss of customers in implementing this policy. What about wheelchairs, service dogs and baby carriers brought on board? You need to put up some examples of what can be done by this service. Something visitors can interact with without registering is ideal to convince them to register. This problem exists at all levels of governmental agencies if you ever have to interact with them. Even been to the DMV? Driving takes 2 hours at peak commute hours. Lots of issues will need to be worked out for this to be viable. 4 layers minimum (ground, power, 2 routing planes). High pitch TSOP and BGA need tight pitches and traces. The width of traces and spacing and dielectric material need tight tolerances for impedance control for signal integrity. But they are not asking for much of an investment so it may be worthwhile to try it out. Why don't you write some up yourselves to improve the situation. So does the rest of the companies along the delivery chain. Yes you do get charged for incoming calls and text. However most wireless carriers are now pushing plans with unlimited talk, text and data. We don't get much SMS spam in the US. An audience of one. What about on a piece of paper? In front of a computer. How would do in code reviews? You can state your concerns to the interviewer to see if they can accommodate. I'm guess in expensive cities, the occupancy rates will be higher since visitors are more likely to look for deals. There is a large variability in the water for fresh coconut. You have to pick it at the right point. In the costal areas of India there are considerable amounts of coconut trees. Its not uncommon for a family with a moderate lot to have dozens of coconut trees.