I have happily lurked for a year and a half and finally created this account to say one thing: enough with the Marijuana news. This is not reddit. Please. WRT to the article, people have been saying weird things since the economic crisis started. For a truly strange proposition read this[1] Times article where a Western banker wants the application of Islamic Sharia banking to the financial sector: [1] http://business.timesonline.co.uk/tol/business/law/article58... I didn't post it when I saw it first, why? because the news paper took one fringe opinion to bait for viewership. If California passed prop-8 to deny some humans the right for marriage what makes you think it would grant others the right to consume a recreational drug? this is just one politician "planning an 'off the hook' public-relations offensive to attract younger voters, especially blacks and Hispanics, by applying the party's principles to urban-suburban hip-hop settings." With apologies to Michael Steele :-) "eBooks have no manufacturing costs, no inventory costs, and almost no distribution costs. Best of all, it is a GLOBAL business." As long as the topic of your ebook does not appeal to the mainstream[1] [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=516239 I decided to learn Paint.NET "over a weekend" to do some mock ups, ended up spending weeks and actually getting fairly good at it. My advice to you, if you're creating any type of logo, start downloading fonts like crazy. I recommend a site like www.dafont.com (unaffiliated.) The reason? you can find very interesting graphic elements in wingding-type fonts and you can scale them to any size. You will need math unless you want to spend the rest of your life as a second-class programmer. You don't have to wait for your teachers to "teach" you good math, you can start today by reading a good book. I recommend Peter Eccles' "Mathematical Reasoning"[1]; it will teach you how to think logically like a mathematician. [1] http://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Mathematical-Reasoning-Pe... Mathematics will give you a language to reason about your problems, and once you have the foundations you can start using algorithmic cookbook-type solutions you find in texts for your own problems. A good grounding in Analysis, Logic, and some basic formal methods (you can ask me to explain what these are) will make you a better communicator with yourself. Along with mathematics you should probably venture more into systems programming. There are programmers who make software for other people, and there are programmers who make software for other programmers. At the risk of sounding snobby, you can probably guess who is having more fun :-) Master your environment. Whatever computer and Operating System you use, tinker with it to no end and figure out everything about it. Systems programmers make Operating systems and compilers, linkers and loaders, debuggers and disassemblers, packet sniffers, and hardware drivers and programming languages. Don't forget to have fun. Most people you see here are doing software for the money/independence. Nothing wrong with that. But you don't have any bills to worry about, so you can afford to actually become a HACKER (in its cool "dark shades and gelled hair" badass sense) you can start to make stuff your friends at school will go crazy over. In addition to maths and systems programming you will also need a COMMUNITY. A bunch of hackers who you can chat with online and show your stuff to. There will be experienced members and there will be beginners, however, your community should foster free participation and mutual respect (don't go to forums where people use sexist and racist language and don't hangout with people who call you "n00b" or some such derogatory terms. Bullies are the least capable hackers, usually.) Challenge yourself. Read books even if you can understand only the first chapter. That's usually a good sign that you will be able to understand the second chapter, if you read the first carefully and did the appropriate research. Browse wikipedia. Lookup difficult English words; not everything has to be technology related, I learned the ABCs of English at the same time I learned programming. You will become good at what you love, so if you love hacker culture, you will become a better hacker. Plan your weekends to have fun. Grab an assembly language text and sit by your computer to type in the examples. You might need to get an older computer and install MS DOS to read most of the cheap books; Windows assembly programming is not fun or easy, but Linux's IS ( http://asm.sourceforge.net/ ) Nowadays, Windows is becoming a more difficult hacking platform, all the cool accessible systems programming level stuff are being done on Unix. Discover Unix. It's a beautiful thing. It's OK to be a hacking snob, if you talk to your friends about what you can do on Unix and brag about it, you will set a standard for what's cool. You will be the trend-setter that your friends copy and if enough of them are interested in hacking you will all compete for brag rights and all will become better for it in the long term. Make something and show it to your friends, either at school or online. That will motivate you more than anything. I know this is too long, but I had to say it. When I was your age and slightly younger, I was a child-militiaman. I carried a rifle and sat up all night for guard shift. I dug a well with my own hands. I collected wood all day and burned it in a whole to make charcoal for cooking. None of that matters now though, by the time I was 18 I was a Unix hacker; that changed my entire youth, I don't even remember being in a war-zone as a child anymore, all I remember is making my PC speaker scream with a buggy assembly language routine and waking up the whole family at 4AM :-) You need to take a look at PAL, a 2D game programming library built atop OpenGL and SDL. http://common-lisp.net/project/pal/ It even has a game written in it already: http://www.cliki.net/Bermuda I use SBCL with lambda-gtk, lispbuilder-SDL and CL-OpenGL. Couldn't be happier. And oh, on Win32 and Linux :-) I use my gmail accounts via IMAP. You can't see me when I'm logged in. There are also hybrid models. A "market place" startup might introduce individuals to other individuals or companies to individuals. In this case there might be a per transaction cost or the startup might charge one party and not the other. In this case, the startup might grow horizontally with the freebie crowd and obtain a large market share, then sell the audience to an interested party for a fee. That's what my startup is doing :-) Do something interesting. My project consumes the whole of me. I go to bed thinking about it, sometimes I get ideas in my sleep, and I wake up eager to implement or research whatever I "dreamed" up :-) It also helps that my girlfriend is on a different time zone and calls me early in the morning for her good-night kiss and chit chat. I designed a Lisp dialect in Arabic, there is Arabic C called Jeem: http://www.jeemlang.com/index.php?page=examples Looks interesting :-) the problem with giving away ideas like is that exposure of your current interests and daily life. A quick glance and I know a bit of your daily life :-) No blog at the moment. I'm trying to save all the big ideas for my startup's blog; the more immediate and/or irrelevant ones I might throw them out to the public here. "Probably most people who read this site can write reasonable code. So what is the problem?" Business is not just code. Ask yourself these two questions: if ICANN or the FSM yanked your domain and the cloud/linode/dreamhost/datacenter went belly up tonight, and nobody was able to reach your website, will you still be in business? that's the difference between a website and a business. The other question: if you invested a few grand and flew to a conference and paid all your expenses to industry cocktail parties, how many actionable contacts are you able to bring? a business idea can be realized off-line. I'm starting out of the DC area with very little expenses. I would move to SV in a heartbeat just to be around people who I can talk to. Being "groked" gotta be worth something. In case you ever need to generate your own data, I found it MUCH better to generate the data according to a clean, debuggable grammar, vs using a "test" database. You can return a spreadsheet with four columns, A, B, C and D for example, where each recordset would have a column-name prefix and to that you append a progressively "increasing" string. One sample recordset might be: (a-aaaa b-aaaa c-aaaa d-aaaa) (a-aaab b-aaab c-aaab d-aaab) (a-aaac b-aaac c-aaac d-aaac) The size of your data would depend on the "width" N of your variable string suffix. In this case N=4 or a dataset of 26^4 when using only lowercase alphabetical letters a-z. Predictable data makes debugging trivial. I'm not sure how that helps you with UI. It goes without saying not to return large datasets via ajax ;-) China has some open WIFI services (I deployed some FON routers in South China.) I have also been to Burma last year, and the biggest risk there is not technological censorship but human snitches. Burma is a massive country, some parts of which are controlled by the opposition groups, but in government strong-holds, you probably wouldn't find wifi, much less an unsecured one. In any case, do not use someone's network to do something that might get them killed. Just store a session ID in the cookie and keep the client state on the server side, indexed by that cookie. No need to make a memory lookup into network transfer. You deal with it by using said 3rd party libraries 100x before you embark on your "current" project. Know your tools well, inside and out, and you're 10x more productive than someone just starting out :-) Also, there is something that has to be said for compromise. Get libraries for the language you know best and you will more productive than if you used a high-performance library for a language you don't know. Start small, and worry about scaling or "going big" later. A whirl-wind tutorial on pitching, for sure. For the uninitiated, the company he uses as an example "ZapMeals.com: the eBay of take-out food" is/was a complete hoax. http://machinist.salon.com/blog/2007/06/22/supernova_startup... http://zapmeals.com/ Scene gossip. Nothing worth reading. What doesn't Sun get? this is a hacker's hack; an Smalltalk implementation in javascript: http://research.sun.com/projects/lively/index.xhtml Read what the man wrote: "Everything you need is in the browser. There is a dynamic language there. It may not be your favorite, but it's not a bad one either. There is also a graphics system. Not the best, but pretty nice. Hook it all up with a simple user interface and you're having fun the way people should have fun with computing. I don't mean just fun for entertainment, but it's creatively inspiring. It makes you want to do cool stuff," Ingalls, for the uninitiated, pioneered the implementation of high-performance Smalltalk systems, including his contribution to Squeak. Wikipedia credits him for inventing the BitBlt algorithm that made bitmapped displays FAST, and invented popup menus. If anybody is qualified to say what is a fun, intuitive programming environment it's Dan Ingalls. ZenCart. > what a whacko. ad hominem. > I should allow you to access my servers and services for > free? You can charge for Free software. If you're using any Free software in your web application stack, if you're using any Free documentation, and Free data sources, then isn't it a little hypocritical of you to lock-down what basically amounts to a component assembly of Free software? > I should allow you to control how you use my resources in > a way that guarantees I loose money? Make all the money you want, companies are making billions out of Free software. And nobody wants to use your server, bandwidth or material resources. However, the _software_ should be given to the people who USE it. Giving the public a freebie web service for now, until you figure out how to sell their information and useage stats to advertisers, does not make your service free. People are typing their twitter logins to little apps that are poping up everywhere. Wouldn't you rather have these web apps open, somewhere in github, with a transparent database backend that you can see is not hoarding any personal infromation about you? > Stallman is a digital socialist. And that's a label many would self-attribute, with pride. > The idea of services (or anything other than direct > labor) that people charge for offends him. That offends me. Fine. Don't use Free software then :-) Facebook can release its entire application platform as Free software and you could not take their user base away from them. I think web developers are over estimating the sophistication of their work :-) "If the source was available, copy cats competitors could spring up and take away market share." Image-editing algorithms are published in text-books. Graphics API for the web (flash, java, canvas, etc.) are published in API documentation. Nothing is secret. If someone copies your GPLed Free software and improves on it you can go and copy the improved version if you want it. If a competitor is blindly copying you, you probably have nothing to worry about (should I elaborate?.) And if your competitive edge can be taken away with cut-and-paste, then you have ALLOT to worry about. Respects. But allow me to add that the great majority of web startups are running on the value of a "social network". Remove the users and the service is worth nothing. You can't say that about shrink-wrap software; even if the great majority of the people don't use it, there is that one or two lucrative corporate or government contract to make it all worthwhile. So in that light, shouldn't the users of web apps be entitled to something a little more than "free use"? Say, a little assurance that the platform they trust so much of their private lives is transparent, extensible, and should the company sink tomorrow, available for replication? What happens when you strike it rich, sell the startup to a Mega Corp and move to Tahiti? The users will be at the mercy of greedy suits who will fill data warehouses with every click, persona and profile of your users, the very same people who made you rich. Arab world. My fiancee is Sri Lankan, I'm Arab. Sup cousin! :-) Represent! I must understand everything thoroughly before I use that API in an "application". In the meanwhile, I try to make as many little sample toy apps as possible. Having said that, learning a new API is made easy if you understand its application doman; see one 2D bitmap graphics API and you have seen them all, for example. I have never received a single spam letter just because I used a toll highway and the toll highway operator doesn't know about every other road I have traveled, every destinations I have driven to or what shop windows I have looked at while I'm driving around aimlessly. ISPs do. You are overestimating the significance and impact of Clojure. The language has potential, but it hasn't stolen mindshare from Scheme or any other Lisp dialect for that matter. People going to Clojure are coming mostly from non-Lisp languages. Lispers are quite happy with what they have; there are standards compliant, mature Schemes for the JVM. Clojure offers nothing to Schemers. It's just a good idea to always have a $20/mo vps unix account. Just far less headache for just twice the price of a shared host. For one thing, it will allow you to have a platform to test several versions of your app; you can run several instances of a web app and use a proxy to direct incoming traffic to one of them based on your own criteria. You have a full blow Unix environment, install every oddball development tool you want, it's just you. So much potential in the title and the opening paragraphs, such underwhelming conclusion. Summary: "Conficker authors, please destroy Facebook, MySpace and World of Warcraft so I can hangout with my friends face to face". How did you overcome NIH syndrome? my first reaction was to reach for Richard Stevens' volumes and write Etherpad over BSD sockets; a mix between (y)talk and nano (note to self, read up on the various buffer management strategies, roll a little transaction layer and shelf this project under "I'm sure I can do that with an emacs mode ..") A "good" reddit submission is a bad article that makes the rest of your blog look iffy. 30k hits in a day, zero registration. Seriously, if you want to make a good reddit submission, take an inflammatory/biased/extreme opinion pieces or research and quote the most provocative part of it as the title of your submission. Almost a whole paragraph. spam. Of course, "DIY" here doesn't mean you personally. If there is an area of expertise you lack, by all means, reach a domain expert for help and bring him or her on board. I wasted 2 months of my life trying to become a graphics artist; my hacking suffered for it, my business suffered for it, and my RSI prone arm suffered it (not to mention the taste buds of everyone exposed to my "art work") SPAM. Don't forget to keep an eye on browser cookies when you surf travel sites. Delete them often, or use a browser that lets you surf in secure "zones". For me it's Attitude Travel and Asia Room for hotels. Shoe string baby. "We are microfinancing platform, like Kiva.org." Complete the sentence. "We are an X platform like Y, but with/without ..". If you can't differentiate your service from a competitor yourself how do you expect others to? Also, name dropping your competition without naming your business is not a good idea. Regarding your query, you're already in the right place. If you want to hire developers try Craigslist. For contractors try Odesk. Usually for me it's just a matter of reaching to people I already know. True, NPR can't compete in the internet for information, because the internet itself is the source of much of the news they synthesize. I can also add that what I value most about NPR is hard to translate to a la carte online format. You see, NPR fits into my daily schedule: I'm doing a certain thing when Morning Edition is on, another thing when Diane Rehm or Kojo Namdi is on, yet another thing when it's time for Market Place or Wait Wait Don't Tell Me, or This American Life or All Things Considered. During those times I'm probably driving, at the office, or doing household chores. NPR on the radio allows me to multitask. NPR on the Internet will have to compete with my work, which is on the computer, my visual entertainment (Hulu, Netflix) which is also on the computer, and also compete with incoming mail and other electronic chores. Allocating an specific time for "NPR" and hearing my news programs out of order at different times isn't just the same. I listen to NPR when I'm overseas, and my listening schedule mimics the exact broadcast times of WAMU, my local Washington DC NPR affiliate. Morning Edition just doesn't make sense to me after 9AM :-P Mix 1 part bad clone of 2002-era hotornot, add two tea spoons of sexist subject matter, three pieces of non-obvious business or hack value. Stir together under slow fire and add a cup of 43 minute old account and half a slice of URL submission without a paragraph of introduction. I will not feel bad for flagging this as SPAM. 1) Escrow based freelance sites are a scam. Rentacoder is an outright scam. Odesk will have a little nice timer on the desk and the project owner will be able to track your progress as 1second precision. Too micromanaged. 2) There is nothing inherently precious about an "American Programmer", Yourdon's 15 year old polemic notwithstanding. 3) Craigslist. Nice portfolio. Cocktail parties. You will end up doing software, hardware and websites, prepare for that. You will end up moving to the business side of things, asking management types what they need done and you will be writing tens of emails a day in correspondence, meeting people face to face and juicing software requirements out of one off-remarks that people make. You might also end up becoming an integrator or procure hardware and software licenses. Just don't expect to write fancy systems software for a living and brush up on your PHP and system administration. It's a million-hat job. "we just wanna try if this could work" You could have known if it could "work" the moment you edited the source code of your web app and hit reload of your browser. Elementary one-table database backed web app. And if you mean commercial success or wide appeal, you have hotornot to look at. This sexist submission is reddit-grade my friend. I suggest you retool it as a clearinghouse for supporting women in politics, at least you get to keep the domain then. "how can I do a paragraph of introduction, you mean just a first comment?" You should see an edit link right next to your story submission. Click it. The two little text input areas are for title and link. The slightly larger textarea is where you put your summary. A little background would be nice. Here is a list of all the recent CL computer gigs in NYC that demand only a local candidate: http://newyork.craigslist.org/search/cpg?query=local Cast your social net wide and deep. Talk to everyone. Usually you start your freelancing career with accounts you get from previous employers, coworkers or people in your daily life who know what you do AND that you're available for freelancing work. Here is a tip: instead of just reading the available jobs section, read the services offered section. What might seem to you as "competition" might just be someone with complementary skillsets. Partner with them. Try a post like "software engineer seeks competent business person"; grab everyone who replies to you and kick some ideas back and forth. Offer them hefty cuts and they will go out and source you a project. Scratch backs and offer kickbacks. Most people just need a "computer guy" and they have no clue what sort of service they need. Offer free consulting help ("hey, let me come with you for that meeting, I can suss out the guy for you and see if he is really good", etc.) Once people consider you "their guy", they will turn to you for help. However, it takes ALLOT of fucking socializing, chit chatting, catching up and going out for coffee and beer. You're gonna kiss the REPL and that debugger good bye for a few months my friend. P.S. Don't hesitate to take a side white-collar gig (sales, support, billing, etc.) you will get some killer domain knowledge, make contacts, and you can always resurface as a software developer when you know of their needs. Right now, in this economy? I wouldn't hold out for that $120k C++ Architect job that we all had a while ago. Cheers! That assumes you want to be at the mercy of HR for the rest of your life. Some of us want to forge empires my friend, do what you can to survive now, but in the long term, prepare to become an employer yourself. "“Slicehost” and “slice” are trademarks of Slicehost, LLC" -- Slicehost.com website footer. I run off of VPS accounts hosted with various VPS providers (vpsfarm and linode.) I don't want my tax dollars being wasted on reddit or twitter. Yes, and according to the article, he runs a Tor exit node. Which is a clone of a Common Lisp search engine ;-)