Tel Aviv: You should be moving faster. A lot faster. Dublin: Be wittier then smart. Melbourne: I agree. Its a confused message that definitely has to do with sports not clothes. Not exactly the same thing. Spoofing you comp's trade name is pretty much the definition of trademark violation. It (Google's policy) flops around a bit. It differs between countries and seems to get tweaked or turned over every so often. I believe in the US bidding restrictions on trademarked terms were recently removed. But you are still restricted in using trademarked terms in ads. Personally, I agree that restrictions (bidding on trademarked terms) should be removed. I would compare it to handing out flyers on the street outside you competitions' shop. Tasteless maybe, but shouldn't be illegal. Companies don't own the search results, trademark or not any more then they own the street. I don't think that's worrying. If Amazon or Facebook or any other site did it wouldn't even be noticed. I think that's just reaching for a way to fault Google. BTW, an interesting application of personalisation is not so much search ads (They are already pretty much the most targeted ads because search term is enough to target ads with) but content ads (eg adsense). Currently, ads are targeted using relevance to page content/site content or demographics of the users. But search history reveals a lot about interests & could be the key to 'fixing' context advertising (from the advertisers perspective). $4b is an awful lot. Especially since any potential business model is still to be really proven. The sort of targeted advertising they are aiming for is not necessarily easy to pull off. And I think it will take a couple of years to prove it either way. I wonder what this does to their runway? Here's a potentially interesting angle: Digital print isn't killing newspapers. One major barrier to entry (bottleneck) was printing. You needed a certain volume & a certain infrastructure to print papers. Digital print really lowered that barrier. You can now get in at a fraction of the distribution volume. But we haven't seen a proliferation of papers. What does that mean? Could this mean that they are already dead in the air? What're the other options? That the bottleneck they used to control is not something they've been leaning on? That seems unlikely. A good few are not as hot as they used to be. The 'cream' areas, mostly classified ads, are drying up. And they were the areas with big margins. Down here (Australia), 'Fairfax Digital' the online version(s) of 'Fairfax Media' - the 1 ton gorrila of Aussie media, probably has kept it's market share of the key areas online. The have the #1 job site, real estate & they are doing ok with cars, personals, buy/sell and other traditional media cash cows. In terms of market share, I wouldn't be surprised if the (society's) move to online media has not been a net gain for them. However, they were in a pretty cushy position before. They had to compete with 2-3 other media giants. Now they are in constant danger of assault from under the radar. Google maps may make real estate sites useless. It seems improbable that 5 more years will pass & noone will figure out an online dating or car selling or something that will take out their sites. Basically, if I were them I'd feel like it's almost impossible for them to hang on to dominance for long. I assumed that the company was buying back the stock using the company piggy bank. But as mentioned below, maybe this is achieved by direct trading between employees or investors. I'm not really literate in the technicalities but something doesn't add up. The preferred stock deal with MSFT values the company at $15b 'internal valuation' that the shares were issued at is $4b. Aren't these supposed to be approximations of the same thing, roughly? Does that means that they can't go public with a valuation lower then $15b? That MSFT deal seems insane. Facebook would have to be an advertising powerhouse. "The problem is that online news isn't really free -- it requires funding from the dying offline business because online news doesn't have a viable business model." Very True. An online reader is just not worth much. Even if they do get you onto their site. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model. " The business model might just be collapsing. And that does not necessarily mean a new one takes its place. I mean I can't take the 'new music business models' (t shirts and personalised songs & stuff) seriously. Sometimes industries collapse. Print news might be one of them. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model" How about 0 cost (99% of blogs) & 0 direct revenue. BTW, for writer I think the alternative business model is more feasible. Books, appearances, lectures etc. A good few big name journalists could pull this off. Quite a few bloggers (in the business blogging field at least) do. Makes sense. I guess they pay an evil premium. But wouldn't they have something written into the deal that they can't sell the company at a valuation lower then the preferred stock price? Isn't that what preferred stock means. I suppose that there would be no restrictions on buying at a lower valuation. - Maybe amateurs (some future form of blogger). - Maybe free lancers building a name & readership for monetisation via books, lectures etc. (This should at least salvage the top tier journalists) - Maybe none. Who said a change has to be 100% for the better. When the printing press was born, illustrated books (hand illustrated) died. Maybe the whole thing needs to be free. Break Apple's make a profit on everything policy. In this case, these are the types of features people will use because they're there and get used to having. The they get hooked. Apple could get their own social network out of it. And they're going for a few rubles these days. '"The MobileMe launch clearly demonstrates that we have more to learn about Internet services," Jobs says. "And learn we will. The vision of MobileMe is both exciting and ambitious, and we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of by the end of this year."' If its not leaked & not intended for general consumption its pretty worrying. Could you imaging working with someone who says 'we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of' instead of 'this sucks. We need to fix it.' '"The MobileMe launch clearly demonstrates that we have more to learn about Internet services," Jobs says. "And learn we will. The vision of MobileMe is both exciting and ambitious, and we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of by the end of this year."' If its not leaked & not intended for general consumption its pretty worrying. Could you imaging working with someone who says 'we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of' instead of 'this sucks. We need to fix it.' It might even make sense for Techcrunch etc. to buy the thing to stick on their website. There's a bit in "The Elegant Universe" about how at this point it's impossible to distinguish between real but weird physics and just crazy. Well it is a good idea (I guess) if you want to keep taking chances but don't want an IPO or acquisition. You can't expect employees to keep working for risky stock forever. They'd have (I assume) a good few employees with $1/2m - $1m or even $50 - $100k worth of stock. For many, it's probably more then everything else they own put together. You wouldn't want to put everything you own on one risky & speculative tech stock. They'd be pretty keen on an IPO. I guess letting them cash out a bit is a way of releasing some of that pressure so they can keep taking risk. True, and neither of those are money-makers. The whole 'we'll make money off it with advertising later' has failed many times. Search is the exception not the rule. Until I actually saw some innovative advertising method making advertisers money and getting an excited response in that community, I'd be sceptical that they can do more with a pageview then NYT.com or About.com or any other 'site.' At banner ad monetisation rates, that would probably put them at around the $50m - $500m p/y mark. I guess a sort of important related question is: "Is money really much of a bottleneck here" If there was much more money from investors or the partners, would YC fund any more startups then it does? I have to admit, I know virtually nothing about how YC works, but it doesn't sound like it's all that capital intensive. And the cycle shouldn't be that long either. The technical difficulty is almost a side thing I guess. The box is the limitations of the medical profession. What I think is the interesting part of this is that he did not say: 'not my job' or (more likely) 'I wish that this was someone's job' or ' 'I wish we could do something.' He said 'what needs to be done. The guy who wrote it (Brian Greene) is a string physicist, so he definitely thinks so. Every time you hear a physicist interviewed about string theory what you get is: 'It's not very good, but it's all we got' According to Carl Sagan, the experiment will not produce much. I don't think they actually expect to produce micro black holes. The most 'interesting' probable result is actually a negative outcome. IE they fail to detect the Higgs boson. That would mean that the 'standard model' needs to be abandoned. Definitely. Another thing to note is that apple haven't really done any black magic marketing (though they have done that too) to get their margins up. They simply differentiated effectively. Noone else has in that market so it seems like voodoo. But in most markets (batteries, soap, jeans, cars) you have differentiated brands that command different premiums. A mac is not comparable to a windows pc (in the minds of many consumers at least). So the get to raise their margins. Dell including XYZ = Toshiba including XYZ. The specs are the value, pretty much exactly. So, like petrol stations, they don't have margins. Another thing to note is that most price comparisons compare based on seller costs. Because in a competitive market that is what market prices reflect. The value to a consumer is necessarily higher (or they wouldn't buy) and it can be much higher. If the cost of production is $1000and & the value to the consumer is $10000, the machine will be priced somewhere between those two. The more competitive (less differentiated) the market is, the closer to $1000. I wouldn't be surprised if apple is considering that route. Especially now after they've successfully bamboozled carriers with the iphone. But I actually think that the cheap ultra-portables (eg Eee) wuld have the edge here. If we take the mobile phone industry as a guide, the carriers will probably pay up to about $150 - $250 to get you on a $30 - $50 p/m plan. That doesn't make too much dent in an Air. If you bundle it with home broadband plan (maybe they'd subsidise $300) they could give out mini laptops for free or at $100 or so. Apple is actually in a spot. Experience & connections with carriers that no one else has, but no product to which a few 100s makes much of a difference. I never use Evite (no one evites me either) so I may not 'get it'. But I don't think anyvite necessarily needs to get people to switch (though maybe declaring war is probably good for PR). There is potential in the many people who have never used evite. I think anyvite has more of a chance for after work drinks or meals (maybe you need to reserve a table) an other casual & short notice stuff like that. It's probably good timing for a second wave of this kind of thing as mobile internet is getting a critical mass. According to the article's links (& I think this might be fairly accurate), we are on the 'mac is high' end of that swing. Ant this time it's higher more then a $100 difference. The 'is it alive' was always the sort of semantic bickering that biologists have always been prone to. Like all that arguing about classification (going back centuries). I don't mean when it's arguing about facts or their interpretation. As often as not it's just about naming conventions. Anyway, 'is it alive' is not an interesting question. That's just about defining 'organism.' Like defining, human or mammal, there has to be some grey area. 'Is it life' might be a better one. Because then you are talking about something that has consequences. In the absence of 'true organisms' can viruses themselves start an evolutionary chain? This discovery might mean that they can. First mover doesn't necessarily mean absolutely first. "Early mover" is probably a better term. Either way, it tends to apply to the first (or one of the first) to cross a certain hurdle. Doesn't bootstrapping also imply operating on founders' credit? I appreciate the distinction (& the modesty) but I think that YC is exceptionally sold. It seems to be a pretty good machine for getting people to do what you want them too. Does YC convince people to start companies? ..move cities? ..change game plan in a way that is as significant or more significant (to them) then signing a deal is to a VC? But I get what you mean. That knack for projecting momentum is rare. I think PG has said this before. There is incompatability between: A. VCs are 'funds' (IE they need to invest a big amounts) B. Partners only invest 1-2 times per year C. Startups are (or can be) cheap One of them has to give. Seems like its C. First/Early mover, is (I think) a more useful concept from the market perceptive then the technology perspective. eBay was the winner that emerged from the first tussle and as said above it was the first to hit a certain size. You might not want to call it a first mover but that is a semantic discussion. From the perspective of the market, it was. The iphone certainly is a late entrant any way you slice the market. Late mover doesn't necessarily mean loser though. Palm was a late entrant. I think what you get in that case is that the market had a few false starts. In that case, moving early would have been a mistake as the market didn't take off. You could argue that the ipod was a first mover from a marketing perspective. The idea is that the product (in the minds of users) is so different that it is essentially a different market. grey area But some areas definitely favour early movers. Interestingly, I don't think viaweb was one of them. You have a very large choice of online shop building software these days. There is not too much advantage in choosing the same software as everyone else. But I guess that wouldn't have been obvious at that point. Things could have rolled out differently though 'Web malls' could have happened. In that case, being in early would have been a big deal. Cheers for the link. Is there analysis that goes with it? "Google's customers are the advertisers." Technically. They do a great job of monetising search traffic but that's not the bottleneck. Search engines win by attracting their customers' customers, users. Advertisers will follow the users. I'm fairly new here but I am pretty impressed by the tone. The thing that I find interesting is the level you really notice how restrained people are. It's not more civil then a very relaxed in-person discussion. But when it's online, it seems extremely restrained. I had almost written off online discussion if a forum over a certain size (such as comments on a blog). As an experiment, I think it's very impressive. Shows it can be done. Tough Call. But on the whole I think a bad idea. True. From the perspective of most advertisers, they only care about their niche. If you your search engine or auction site is the place to go for tradesmen (plumbers, electricians etc.) or some other big money niche, you'd be able to make a lot more then you would with a much larger all purpose engine. I think you need to take this in Seth's Audience's context. He is not writing for startups. He's writing for businesses. Take Amazon (established 1994). It was a great success as a startup in 2-4 years (IPO in 97'). It got big fast. It made waves. It challenged the way the industry needed to work & it presented a net gain for the economy as a whole. It became profitable in 2001/2 (7-8 years). A reasonable definition of a successful business . By 2004 - 2008 (10 - 14 yrs) it's a stable business it is clearly here to stay. The elements of its strategy that made it successful in the second half of its life (the profitable one) are the slow & steady ones. Reliability, customer service, trustworthiness, customer goodwill, a long lived affiliate program... But I agree, some of the examples he gave were probably not the best. DO you have both or just a desktop? I wonder if Google realised before adwords started growing like wildfire that search was such a potentially powerful advertising platform. I know that other pay per click & search marketing services were around and were reasonably successful, but a lot of that was probably hard to seperate from the bubble. I mean I don't think there were many plumbers advertising on search in 99' & coca cola was never going to work. Yes that's how it will seem so long as it's not too big. Just like they present certain college jobs under some obscure classification that means they are not bound to minimum wage. Or mailbox stuffers. Down here they advertise those jobs as a way to make sure you get your daily walk & get paid a little. If it becomes a serious channel to a labor market, it might become a way of bypassing Chinas $144 minimum wage. (BTW, There are quite a few internet sweatshops going already with 12X7 weeks @ $144 p/m) I remember reading (couldn't find the link) that University texts were about the same price on kindle as hardcover. That has got to be a big mistake. - University texts are expensive because of the short runs. Authors get only a couple of $ for $100 sales. - University texts are heavy. - Students are the ones carrying multiple books around daily. (all those scenarios of not needing to pack 10 books on holiday...) Throw in the fact that students are a great segment to introduce these sorts of products to & it seems crazy that they haven't targeted colleges as the inroad for this product. I mean if you could convince Universities that: - Lecturers can prescribe aby books they want without worrying about being stuck with early editions or the print houses running out. - Lecturers can publish books themselves without a minimum run & keep 4X the profit from 1/4 of the cost to students. I mean they could almost make it a mandatory buy. Consider that over 3-4 years you spend approx $1000 (including buying & selling second hand), if they could sell college texts for $20, the total cost to students would be about 1/2 of the cost of hardcovers with reduced hassles. Amazon seems not to give a damn about that market. I think that they didn't do well in negotiations with publishers. Apple might have done a better job there I think. http://www.sed.manchester.ac.uk/idpm/research/publications/w... Seems sort of silly at this point. But with enough demand for more unskilled labour online, it might become something more substantial. From the paper: " The rather wobbly-legged best guesses for 2008 are that 400,000 gold farmers earning an average US$145 per month produced a global market worth US$500m; but we could easily more than double the latter to over US$1bn. There are probably 5-10m consumers of gold farming services. " Well, it might. Where I went, the campus bookstore was a co-op anyway. I think not for profit. I'd imagine for many campuses they just cost money to keep alive. But You'd probably still need them to an extent. I don't know much about VC structures. How much they need to invest per year. How many partners, etc. But I assume that even if the numbers are off, the principle stands: They invest in few companies per year, so they need to invest large amounts. Maybe VCs (or the ones currently around) don't need to be investing in software startups any more. The classic model is that VCs fund risky industries that need a lot of startup cash (like sailing to India to buy spices). If that's not software anymore, maybe they need to get out. At least out of some software areas. Actually, I was surprised at the numbers he was talking about: 50k, 200k.. Not necessarily. You have to compare sales to something. He's comparing (I assume) to what he thinks they could have been. Who is the real target of tech startup PR? Is it potential users or potential acquirers/investors? The point is that the reason that it's worth anything is one of the greyed out areas. All they really give you is the genre. Marketing Plan: 1) Get lots of people to use it 2) Charge a lot of money for it Funny. It's not necessarily part of the same. But it seems likely to be. The thing that is missing is what do 'you' do. If I am thinking up, designing, promoting & running the site. The sit = the business, what's are you for? BTW, there might be a his part. But it's not mentioned.