The article is mostly about the Ruby bindings, but Tokyo Cabinet is written in C99 and has bindings for most of the usual suspects. English language specifications are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/spex-en.html This looks like a good Hash and BTree implementation. It's done in C99 with bindings for many other languages. English language specifications are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/spex-en.html Benchmarks comparing to (among others) BerkeleyDB, TDB, and NDBM are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/benchmark.pdf Which of the activities would be illegal? The article concludes that while these activities may be unsavory, they probably aren't illegal: "So is it legal for Yelp to do all this? Probably, according to Matt Zimmerman, senior staff attorney at the San Francisco-based Electronic Frontier Foundation." For reference, I'm a Bay Area business owner with positive reviews on Yelp. I recently received solicitations for advertising, and noticed that our most negative review (non-recent, low votes) appeared to have been moved to the top of the list just prior to the advertising pitch. The sales agent was asked about this, and responded: "The review algorithm has a number of interesting caveats in it. Some of which are best match and relevancy issues." We did not receive promises of special treatment or the repositioning of this review, but I felt this was implied. While I don't feel that Yelp was acting illegally, I lost a lot of faith in their business practices as a result. I did not participate in this article, but I believe it is accurately reported. For what it's worth, that negative review (which was from a customer with a legitimate complaint) is now back in a more neutral location, without any further action on our part. Perhaps (and I hope) this was a few rogue employees on the sales team, and the company has now cleaned up its act. I have one of the new packages in front of me (bought by a friend), and I have to say that there is not a single thing that I like about it. It's hard to read (text is sideways), vacuous ("Drink in the spirit of the morning"), and the juice pictured looks sickly and pale. The most readable text, and hence the part my eye is drawn to, reads "Some Pulp". At best, it looks like a weak imitation of a high-end store brand. I'm left with two questions: First, why would Tropicana choose to change their existing strong brand to this, rather than launching this as a side-brand under a new name and testing the market? To my limited knowledge, there are probably the strongest brand in orange juice in the US. I don't see why they would take this risk. Second, it sounds like many people here and elsewhere actively like the new look. Others, such as me, do not. I have to presume that I'm in the minority, otherwise the consumer resistance would have turned up during Tropicana's user testing. Any ideas on why what underlies the divide between the presumed majority who like the new design and the curmedgeonly minority such as myself? > I'm not so sure of your policework on mmap() vs. read() Scott's conclusions agree with my experiences very well: if you design around mmap(), and let the system handle the caching, you can end up with something several times faster than the traditional alternatives. This isn't to say that your criticisms are completely wrong, just that they don't match up with the actual testing. * "extra copies" [are cheap] True, but the real cost is the greater memory footprint. Less application buffering means more room for cached pages. And this cache is transparent across multiple processes. * extra page faults I think the opposite turns out to be true. Letting the system handle the buffering results in more cache hits, since the memory is used more efficiently. * blow your TLB Theoretically a problem, but in practice one doesn't linearly access the entire file. The beauty of mmap() is that it allows for brilliantly efficient non-sequential access. * B-trees vs C++ containers While it's true that you have to think closely about the memory layout of your containers, if you do so the access patterns can be even better than a B-Tree. If the container has been designed for efficient memory-access with regard to cache-lines and cache-sizes, it tends to have great disk-access as well. What's really beautiful about the mmap() approach is the simplicity it offers. In this model, RAM can be viewed as a 16 Gig L4 cache, and disk as a multi-Terabyte L5. Just as one currently writes code that doesn't distinguish between a fetch from L1 and a fetch from main memory, mmap() allows extending this syntax all the way to a fetch from disk. Now, this doesn't mean that one can just substitute mmap() for fread() and get any significant improvement. One needs to re-optimize the data structures as well. But the nice part is that these techniques are the same techniques used to optimize existing cache accesses, and certain 'cache-oblivious' algorithms already work out of the box. Anyway, thanks to Scott for the writeup! I went back and forth on whether use read() or fread() in my example, and I wasn't sure which to choose. For the purpose of this example, I don't think there is a functional difference between them. In current Linux, I'm pretty sure both of them use the same underlying page cache. fread() adds a small amount of management overhead, but read() does just as much system level buffering. mmap() uses the same cache, but just gives direct access to it. But it's possible I'm wrong, and I don't seem to be able to find a solid source for this online. This page references this, though: http://duartes.org/gustavo/blog/post/page-cache-the-affair-b... I feel like I've read other more explicit descriptions, although possibly offline. Thanks for encouraging me to look at this closer. I was testing with this: http://pastie.org/402890 I was having trouble comparing results, so I combined your two into one, tried to make the cases more parallel, took out the alarm() stuff, and just ran it under oprofile. My conclusions were that for cases like this, where the file is small enough to remain in cache, there really isn't any difference between the performance of read() and mmap(). I didn't find any of 10x differences you found, found that the mmap() version ranged from twice as fast for small chunks to about equal for full pages. You might argue that I'm cheating a little bit, as I'm using memcpy() to extract from the mmap(). When I don't do this, the read() version often comes out up to 10% faster. But I'm doing it so that the code in the loop can be more similar --- I presume that a buf[] can optimize better. I'd be interested to know how you constructed the case where read() was 10x faster than mmap(). This doesn't fit my mental model, and if it's straight up, I'd be interested in understanding what causes this. For example, even when I go to linear access, I only see read() being 5% faster. I'd be interested in knowing more about why it's unpopular. I'm a fan of mmap() because I like the way it can simplify my code, and so far I've been pleased with the speed as well. But if there are subtle downsides I'd love to be aware of them. My instinct was that mmap() isn't used much because it's relatively new, and because it's traditionally had poor support on Windows. I'm primarily a Linux user, but the best discussion I was able to find with a quick search was this exchange on freebsd-questions from several years ago: http://lists.freebsd.org/pipermail/freebsd-questions/2004-Ju... Do you have know of any updated articles about it's performance tradeoffs? From the article: "In other words, option prices suggest that there is a very real chance of, dare I write it, another Great Depression." I thought that option prices were mathematically priced primarily on the volatility of the underlying stock or index, with the market makers taking no position on the direction of the price change one way or another. This would make the statement above equivalent to "the recent drop in the market shows that there is a risk of a much larger drop", which seems sort of obvious. Am I missing something deeper? "example #2 seems just fine, assuming rename() is atomic and a power failure would just leave the old contents in the file." Unfortunately, the 'bug' is that this does not happen. Instead, the truncate hits disk before the new data is written, so that a power loss leaves the file empty rather than merely out-of-date. This behaviour is different on ext4 than on ext3, hence it has only recently become an issue. To my untrained eye, regardless of what the POSIX standard 'allows', this is a bug that should be fixed. On the bright side, it looks like there are patches ready to be applied that will change the behaviour to match ext3, which is as you describe. If this happens, #2 would remain a relatively safe choice. "Another option: use mmap() and rewrite it in place, using ftruncate() if necessary to grow/shrink the file, and msync() to flush the changes." This is a fine option, but for the purpose of this bug I don't think there is any advantage over using stdio (with seeks if necessary) and calling fsync() after writing. It's a great technique, but functionally equivalent to just saying "avoid O_TRUNCATE". Unless you have some nifty way of upgrading from a copy-on-write map(MAP_PRIVATE) to something that gets atomically written to disk? Upvote for raising clear points, but at heart I think I disagree with your premises. Your thesis seems to be that by throwing more resources at the problem the vault could be made more secure. Likely true, but at what cost, both in hassle and money? You seem to be arguing for overengineering without considering the costs. Should the failsafes also have failsafes, should the backups have their own backups? And what if the additional security measures add additional risks? Take #4, "human patrols". Unless implemented very carefully, greater access for security personnel could well add more risk than benefit. I'm not even sure that one should argue that the vault failed from the point of view of the owners. It was designed well enough for them to do their daily business and such that they were able to obtain insurance on the contents. A vault doesn't have to be impregnable, only visibly difficult to steal from. I'm not quite proposing the exact situation that they had, but I am suggesting that adding more layers of physical security might not be the solution. And if indeed this was really a case of insurance fraud rather than a straight theft, perhaps the outcome was good for everyone except for the insurance company. To the extent that the vault was good enough for them to obtain insurance, the vault was good enough. To obtain better security, the motivation of the participants needs to be analyzed. Perhaps this is a problem best solved through obscurity, with two competing security teams installing two totally separate alarms systems, each standing to lose if their alarm is defeated. Or perhaps skip the alarms, and rely on threats of deadly force. But although any new insurer will properly demand the technological improvements illustrated here, it would be foolish to believe that technology alone will keep out a dedicated team of insiders with full access to the system. Real world security is not equivalent to public key encryption where security can be established by 'proof'. Ethically and scientifically, this seems stunning: a radio receiver is attached to a live beetle, with probes inserted capable of flight instruction. And these are inserted in a pupal phase, so as to not be visible in the adult. Why would one assume a random distribution of colors? With due respect for a well written article, my first impression is that the suggested approach misses the point. If a single machine will be able to handle the load of the combined queries, then yes, you should replicate instead of shard. But in this case, why shard at all? And what about the cases that actually require sharding, where your rate of queries and rate of updates don't allow you to run it all on a single machine? It's possible my view is skewed. I've been looking at this problem from the point of view of distributed full text search, where I don't see any possibility of centralization in the manner you suggest. Still, I find the solution of trying to handle this in the database API to be suspect. If you know that some information will never need to be joined, why not have two databases instead of splitting the tables? > It's probably a big reason why Google hasn't had a truly innovative design in a long time. I think I'm on the other side of this. In the past, I would have said that Google had the best designed interfaces on the Web. Lately, I find myself wishing there was a way to opt-out of their 'upgrades'. Most of my complaints are about their recent attempts to improve search results by automatically 'fixing' the queries I enter, but I'm guessing the border in question is the bold blue box surrounding the Gmail message list. I hate it. Presuming he was the one arguing for making it the way it is (visually bold but distracting and unnecessary), I would side strongly with those who wanted to actually test it on users instead of trusting his judgment. This is beautiful --- using home-made waterproof microphones and computer software to detect migrating songbirds. Here's a direct link to the microphone construction details: http://www.oldbird.org/mike_home.htm The directions are delightful, and include helpful hints such as which model number of Kmart flower pots work best for the purpose. This is a pretty sad exchange. Fog essentially says "I'd love to donate my code" and the glibc maintainers respond that they aren't that interested unless he can provide ready-to-apply patches. Then it comes up that the framework to do dynamic runtime checks doesn't really exist. Then there follows a terse exchange as to which mailing lists should or should not be used to discuss such matters. It looks like the discussion ended at that point. For reference, the author (Agner Fog) is the maintainer of one of the best sites on the web for assembly optimization. This sounds like a great project for a student or young programmer who wants to bridge the gap between Fog's expertise and the FSF's beaurocracy. If you are excited by fast code, this would be a way to make a difference in a hurry. I don't think I'm quite understanding your algorithm. When you say "choose left or right", do you mean to choose randomly between the branches with probability equal to the ratio of the weights of the trees? So that each sample requires log(n) random numbers before you reach a leaf? Or do you mean something else? Thanks for the insight. I wouldn't have noticed any similarity to the multiples of 1/19. Accepting this, though, is there a reason it would have been obvious to him that there was no smaller number? The first such number, by the way, does indeed have 18 digits. I got there by considering every final digit and figuring out how long the string needed to be before the final digit reoccurred with no carry. (edit: oops, just read your explanation below which pretty much answers this) "There are very few if any people who believe that it is impossible that global warming is not caused by man." Are you saying that nobody claims that the observed global warming could not be caused by natural causes, and thus the warming must have been caused by man? For if you are claiming this, I think you are wrong. There are definitely a few very influential people claiming that climate change can only have been caused by man: "Only anthropogenic forcing of climate, however, can explain the recent anomalous warming in the late 20th century." http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/paleo/pubs/jones2004/jones2004.html This is from the abstract of a paper co-authored by Michael Mann, the lead author of the IPCC report on climate change. Or am I misreading your negations as well? This article gives an argument I haven't seen before: legally available guns in the US crowd out illegal military weapons. The author offers evidence that fully automatic weapons are much more common in Mexico, where gun laws are stricter than the US. This seems like a parallel with drug legalization. If 'all' drugs are illegal, there is less of a differentiation between hard and soft drugs. Is this true, and if so does this apply to guns as well? It's not a troll. I'm a US hunter who is not particularly in favor of guns for personal protection. I've spent some time living close to Juarez, Chihuahua, which is a significantly more violent city than neighboring El Paso, Texas. I'm very interested in explanations of why this is the case, and have never seen this particular argument before. For me, this falls in the category "anything that gratifies one's intellectual curiosity" and "evidence of some interesting new phenomenon". Thus I disagree that it is inappropriate. Interestingly, I also found a guideline "Please don't submit comments complaining that a submission is inappropriate for the site." As the quote by Mann is from a published scientific paper rather than an editorial page, I can only hope that the statement is believed by the authors. I disagree that it would be reasonable to make an unsupported political statement in this context, thus I assume belief. The IPCC AR4 statement on this matter (presumably written or at least approved by Mann) has this to say: "The observed widespread warming of the atmosphere and ocean, together with ice mass loss, support the conclusion that it is extremely unlikely that global climate change of the past 50 years can be explained without external forcing and very likely that it is not due to known natural causes alone." p.39, http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/syr/ar4_syr.pdf While there is an important difference between 'impossible' and 'extremely unlikely', I think a journalist or lay reader could reasonably conclude that the scientific consensus (as represented by the IPCC report) is that warming could only be caused by anthropegenic forces. Well, that's the question underlying the article. Consider the hypothetical case of a movie that is very controversial: all 1's or 5's. Even if your system can tell that a user is quite likely to fall in the '5' camp, the only safe prediction for a high variance movie is something close to the middle. Even if you are pretty sure the user would give this movie a 5, the squared error for the small chance of a 1 is enormous. But a rating close to the middle is never going to be chosen as a recommendation if the algorithm involves recommending the movies with the highest predicted scores. Instead, an RMSE based system is always going to prefer safe 4's over risky 5's. This doesn't mean that improved predictions can't yield improved recommendations, but I don't see truly great ones ever coming from a prediction based approach. Personally, I want a recommendation system that maximizes the percentage of recommendations that I would rate as 5's, and don't much care if the misses are 1's, 2's, or 3's. "I don't see ads for Morton's competitors that only go away if Morton's sends Yelp money." Actually, this seems to be exactly what Yelp does: Here's what advertisers receive, according to an e-mailed sales pitch that a local business owner sent to this newspaper. They can highlight a favorite review to appear at the top of the page about their business. They also show up first in search results for similar businesses in their region (for example "coffee" near "Alameda, CA"). Ads for that business appear on the page of local competitors, while competitors' ads do not appear on their page. http://www.eastbayexpress.com/gyrobase/yelp_and_the_business... I was recently researching DVD replication. I haven't ordered anything yet, but from a price perspective these two looked good. Both offer custom printing on the disk. http://www.newcyberian.com http://www.nationwidedisc.com/ I don't think you are remembering that case correctly. The animals are not being used as fertilizer. Instead, they are breaking through fences and contaminating the fields through defecation: http://www.capitalpress.info/main.asp?SectionID=94&SubSe... I don't understand your math. If the birth rate stays lower than replacement, and the average life span does not increase, at what point would the population stabilize? "you can also call the method with a name that will always work; $instance->Role::Name::method." I'm coming at this from a Perl and C background, but I'm not really understanding the fuss. It seems obvious that diddling with base classes is not scalable unless you have have some strong social conventions. But why do it at all? For those not fluent in Perl's syntax, Jonathan's suggestion is equivalent to "$instance->Package::method()", which is in turn equivalent to "method($instance) from within a given Package. This seems foolproof. No one's followed up on it, but at a glance I don't see any downsides to this approach. I may be illustrating my ignorance (and I'm definitely ignorant of Ruby syntax), but why is there such strong desire to have array->sum() instead of sum(array)? Or as a utility function Utility::sum(array)? And is there no equivalent in Ruby to array->Utility::sum()? Most programmers on this forum, especially those working open source, are opposed to software patents as currently implemented. They make it impossible to do anything non-trivial without running the risk of being sued for infringing what should probably be considered a basic technique. The musical analogy would be something like copyright of chord progressions, such that any time you released what you considered a new piece of music there was a small but real chance that you would be sued for an amount greater than your life's savings. Are you confident of your ability to convince a court that your strumming of GCDG is sufficiently original to be non-infringing? You mentioned in an earlier thread that you worked as a developer, so I presume you are familiar with these issues. Am I right that you 1) presume that you are legally shielded by your employer and 2) that you do not release the source to the code that you write? Yes, I am disagreeing with you, but probably over matters of implementation rather than of ideals. I'm pro-patents (and pro-royalties) to the extent to which granting a temporary monopoly benefits society as a whole. I do not believe that that one has an innate right to such a monopoly, rather that it is to the advantage of society to grant such a right to incentivize the production of something beneficial that would not otherwise be produced. I presume this is more or less your position as well. Where we likely disagree most is regarding term. The term for (non-software) patents seems almost reasonable, but I find it hard to believe that those 75 years after the life of the author (under US copyright) increases the production of great music. The 50 years from date of production for music under UK law seems more reasonable, but I'd guess that very little of the music I enjoy would suffer if this time was reduced sharply. I was wondering if requiring the creation of a "root level" URL on some domain might be a good substitute for real identity. Perhaps something like http://domain.com/hn.html , on any domain one has control over. A parallel would be Google's verification for its domain applications. Each domain would need to be unique per user. Many (most?) people here already have a domain that they control, and this seems like a reasonable hurdle for anyone posting to Hacker News to accomplish. Unlike credit card validation or the like, it's equally accessible for users from any country. And one doesn't even have to buy the domain, just come up with some way to make a file accessible on the root of some site. It's also a nod to history of the internet. Long ago, essentially in the predawn of time, Usenet started being filled with spam and low quality posts. The alt.hackers newsgroup came up an interesting solution: self-moderation. Users were required to figure out how to add an "Approved" header to their own posts. Thus perhaps the file could just read "Approved". :) We did this experiment for a college freshman physics lab. Indeed exciting to see gravity in action! It was a lab based course, and we did similar experiments for most of the other physical constants. I thought it was a great way to learn. I feel the same way you do about photos, but I fear that the study isn't quite as meaningless as you suspect. It's seems quite plausible that unwillingness to conform to social norms by faking a smile correlates to (lack of) success in marriage. > I'd be interested to hear if anyone actually knows something of what it takes to sell canned food. I recently had a friend who was starting a business selling 'canned' jars of BBQ sauce. At least here in California, the answer is that there wasn't a feasible way to do it legally in the commercial kitchen we were sharing. His solution was to outsource production to a large facility that was already certified for production. No hatred or malice, just a desire to maintain the comment quality here. I voted down your first comment because it seemed pedantic and ignorant of common British usage. Had yours not been the top comment in the thread, I probably would have ignored it. On the other hand, I voted up this parent question because I assume your question was genuine. I also would have voted up any insightful commentary on the actual settlement whether I agreed with it or not. This a good article about hacking a mostly submerged boats in difficult jungle conditions: 'When I asked Nimmich if he was impressed by their craftsmanship, he arched a brow and said: “You ever try to build something in your backyard? They’re building these in the jungles.' While I'm not pro-drug-trade, some of the legal tactics seem problematic: 'The Drug Trafficking Vessel Interdiction Assistance Act, which became law in October, now allows the United States to prosecute someone for merely being on board a semisub. ... Such a law does not exist in Colombia. But Colombia’s defense minister, Juan Manuel Santos, told me that one is in the works and could be enacted as early as June. He said the country is also looking to ban certain plastics used in semisub production.' Illegal to be on board a boat because of its design? Banning plastics because the might be used for submarine manufacture? This seems clumsy and parallel to laws regarding technology issues such as deCSS and file sharing. Thanks for finding that! Yes, the law as written seems quite reasonable. It's encouraging to find anti-drug laws that limit themselves to addressing a particular angle of particular problem. The illegal drugs are the ballast, so once they have been unloaded either the vessel with be radar visible or a substitute ballast would be needed. Since the ballast is basically in the crew quarters, you can't just use sea water. I'm sure they've run the cost/benefits here, and presumably judged the extra risks not worth the cost savings. Historically passwords have often been truncated at 8 bytes, so that if the first 8 characters are equal the password is equivalent. This might bite you if you always add on to the end of a long base password like this. Perhaps a variable prefix instead of a suffix? I think the title is fine. He's not suggesting that this new malloc is the one "to rule them all". It sounds like he hasn't even tried it yet. Instead, he's wishing that there was such a malloc: That’s the crazy thing about malloc implementations. They all claim to be awesome in every way. So the burning question is: is this better than what I’m using today? I don’t know, but I’d sure like to! I like the article, but I'm not sure that there needs to be a single winner. Different programs have different needs. Right now, I'd love to find a malloc that can work within shared mmap segments, sort of as described here: http://blog.directededge.com/2009/02/27/on-building-a-stupid... I've read the post, and I've skimmed the paper on which it is based. It's an interesting premise: if you know which census tract a person lives in, you can identify them down to about 1:1500; if you also know which census tract they work in, you can up your percentages to about 1:20. But I'm missing the threat. What's an example of where this particular knowledge (feel free to assume for sake of argument that the pair is actually unique) leads to either personal disaster or a chilling effect? I presume it exists, but I'm not seeing how it compares to something like showing your ID (with address) to use a credit card. I've been doing some home molding with High Impact Polystyrene (HIPS) and with clear PETG. The polystyrene is opaque, white, strong, and particularly easy to work with. It's also cheap (about $50 for a 1/8" 4'x8' sheet). Vacuum molding at home with an oven and a vacuum cleaner can produce surprisingly good results. Searching the web for "vacuum molding" or "vacuum forming" should turn up some decent tutorials. TAPPlastics.com is pretty good for small quantities (especially if you are near one of their stores), but others (like Interstate Plastics) have better prices on full sheets. TAP has HIPS at their store near me, although I don't see it listed on their web site. I'd go farther: don't try to read from memory at the same time that someone else is writing it. In the absence of explicit guarantees of atomicity, don't assume that any guarantees exist. The interesting discovery in the article isn't that memcpy() can leave things in an intermediate state, but that releasing a JNI array triggers a copy even if the array is unaltered. But this looks like a bug in the program (or the VM): either that copy back to the heap should not be occuring, or there should be some locking here. What if the data was changed? Would the Java thread just be expected to deal with all intermediate states? Alternatively, if the data is read-only, don't write to it! I don't like this article. Yes, he's right: an intuitive knowledge of the relationship between averages and standard deviations is essential. But to presume that the standard tools of statistics should be applied to every problem is to miss the point. On a superficial level, if you are doing overnight processing of log files, then you probably care more about throughput than latency. In this case, averages are probably a fine metric. On a slightly deeper level, standard deviation is only a useful measure if the distribution is known, and in a lot of real world cases it is not. The right question isn't whether 100 or 1000 tests on the same data provides sufficient statistical power, but whether range of inputs is sufficient to trigger worst case perfomance. Now, I presume that Zed knows these things and applies them appropriately, but the article strikes me as more snide than helpful. Perhaps as others say he's a great guy in person, but I prefer my stats with less attitude and more insight. Here, for example: http://yudkowsky.net/rational/bayes [edit: changed my sloppy language from 'has no meaning unless to the distribution is normal' to 'is only a useful measure if the distribution is known'] Are you completely sure about that? You could quibble about my exact phrasing, but yes, I'm completely sure about that. This is the 'black swan' problem writ small. I don't mean that a high standard deviation should be ignored for real-world distributions, but I do mean that a low standard deviation carries very little weight unless a normal distribution is presumed. I'm hard pressed to relate this to the cases discussed in the article, as those cases are shy on detail, but the DB2 example seems most applicable. Although he points to standard deviation as the tell-tale flag here, this is sort of misleading. The exact numerical value for the standard deviation across all queries is meaningless here, as not every query has an equal likelihood of being slow. As he states, the real problem was the terrible performance of an single query. How many similar queries exist? Will a new query added to the system trigger a similar bug? We don't know, and standard statistics isn't going to help us unless we have an understanding of the underlying mechanism. The key here is not to test a statistically significant subset of all possible queries, but to check the performance of the actual queries executed (as he did). You're right. I was being sloppy. I should have said something more like "the standard deviation calculated from a sample set is only generally applicable in so far as one is willing to make assumptions that the sample set is representative of the distribution as a whole". The default assumption in traditional statistics (such as quoting p-values) is that the distribution is normal, and in real world situations often not the case. Your restatement is right on, although I'd go farther and say that standard deviations (and confidence intervals) are only useful metrics with regard to the particular assumptions one is willing to make about underlying distribution. Yes, you can calculate these measures, but they won't help you if your assumptions are irreparably flawed. There is NO SECURITY DOWNSIDE to emailing a user's password to them vs. having some multi-step reset procedure. One downside is that the email can later be found and used by an attacker, whereas the multi-step procedure generally relies on information not present in the directions (such as a birthdate or secret question). An attacker who gains access to the email at a later point (not just intercepted) can gain access to the account without further effort or risk. Another downside is that exposing the password in plaintext allows the attacker to gain access to other accounts on other systems where the user has used the same password. In contrast, the multi-step approach must be used against every site. To say that there is 'no downside' is to say that there is no problem with storing passwords in plain text on your server, because if an attacker has gained access to your server they already have access to your accounts. Possibly true, but this ignores the irresponsible and anti-social aspects of exposing a user to further attacks.