"When you hear hoofbeats, think of horses not zebras" Assassinated by the government is definitely a zebra Driving recklessly because of PTSD from being in a war zone is going to be the horse in this situation: http://articles.washingtonpost.com/2013-05-05/national/39048... And if he was not assassinated by the government, then this whole thread is just providing a distracting side show when there's a real known issue out there that kills thousands. I built out some webservers with apache on it for a dev team once. I just set it up with an index.html that had "FOO" in it just to prove that you could point a browser at it and you got "FOO" back. Well a week later they configured them behind a load balancer VIP so they wound up on a public IP address. That was fine, but now you could them from the real world. The mistake happened because that IP address had been used as part of a pool for the public website and it was still configured on the networking gear doing dynamic dns for the front end website. As soon as the IP came back up again the DNS appliance decided that cluster was 'back in service' and started handing out its IP address in response to www. .com. This resulted in a sev1 ticket coming back titled "customers reporting 'foo' on the website". Imagine how much worse it could have been if I hadn't kept it professional and used some more controversial text there... Yeah, as usual it seems the internet is going off half-cocked about this. Looks like the FAA is grounding all aircraft below 3,000 feet at the request of the (state) national guard to conduct SAR with helicopters. Complaining about FEMA looks like its just shooting the messenger in this case. And the state (i.e. local) National Guard is just executing on their own emergency plans and they don't have the ability right now to coordinate air traffic control with anything other than their own helicopters in the air, so everyone else is grounded with no exceptions. That's actually pretty reasonable triage of resources in an emergency. The UAVs might be useful, but they're outside of the scope of the emergency plans right now. Best thing that Falcon could be doing would not be throwing FEMA under the bus, but lining up sales with the National Guard so that the next time this happens the Guard will have their own UAVs in the air under their own command and control structure (and civilians will again all be grounded, no matter how helpful they might want to be). Ancient Unix lore has it that you need to do 'sync; sync; init 6' in order to sync the buffers and reboot. Sync was supposed to only schedule a sync, but would block if another sync was already running. I have no idea how applicable that lore is to modern 2013 Linux... Definitely would like to see more careful research than just removing the sleep(2) and declaring victory and address if that sleep was simply vestigial or not... +1 on "what the fuck are you talking about?" Climate science even got a physics prof from Berzerkely (who was convinced that only physicists knew how to do science right) who went in with an anti-climatology bias, and was funded by the Koch brother, and he replicated climatology results in the "BEST" study -- to the point where journals like Nature turned down publishing the BEST study because it was not new information and only confirming already well known scientific facts. So a Koch-backed study has actually determined that climate science really is science. That's like the Catholic church in the 1600s funding someone to investigate Galileo and publishing that it looks like the Earth goes around the Sun after all... They looked at siting effects as well: http://www.scitechnol.com/2327-4581/2327-4581-1-107.php They used Watts own siting data and showed that both poor and good sites showed the same temperature trend over time. The data back to 1860 are also sufficient to establish the current warming trend and through other analysis (e.g. Meehl, et al's work) to establish the climate sensitivity. Climate science as a discipline does not hinge on knowing exactly how warm it was 250 years ago within +/- 0.5C. Yes, there is basically no real evidence for any of the multiverse hypothesis. If they're right then physics and cosmology has nearly ended in its reach of what is knowable. It feels so much like this is premature surrender and physicists are turning themselves into religious philosophers just because they can't think of anything better. If we had been backed into this wall for hundreds of years with nothing better, then I might agree that the program was over, but I think the whole anthropic/multiverse idea is a condemnation of how sold physicists and cosmologists have gotten on one possible solution, and indicative of the fossilization of some of their ideas. We need a new Einstein to do away with the modern-day aethers... "Only if you assume that there are no significant cyclic effects on longer time scales." We know about cyclical effects on longer time scales like Milankovich cycles, we understand solar variation and volcanic effects. We know about the Younger Dryas and Daansgard-Oeschger cycles. We know about shorter term oscillations like the AMO and PDO. You apparently know nothing of any of this, and have never heard of Muller's BEST study even though it was splattered all over the New York Times a few years back. Yet, you feel competent enough to make statements about how climatology isn't a real science. We also know about something called the Dunning-Kruger effect. "I expect you to look at the items I pointed out and see what you think of them. If you don't agree with them, feel free to give specific reasons why not." You need to do some research first. The fact that you had never heard of the BEST study indicates that you don't know the most superficial details about climate science and this debate (and ones that were splattered across the New York Times). I'm not going to do the work to educate you. I expect YOU to do research before you demand me to produce a 250-paper annotated bibliography of climate science and its justification. Come back when you can explain the radiative physics behind CO2 being a greenhouse gas and how it can be shown in a table-top experiment, and when you know what Milankovich cycles are. Explain what caused the last Ice Age to end, be prepared to discuss the PETM. Explain the theories behind the warming that led up to the Eocene optimum 49 million years ago and the subsequent cooling after that. Climate science is more than just arguing about anthropogenic global warming. If you want a place to start, go here: http://www.amazon.com/Earths-Climate-William-F-Ruddiman/dp/0... Then start hacking away at these: http://www.amazon.com/Paleoclimatology-International-Geophys... http://www.amazon.com/Principles-of-Planetary-Climate-ebook/... Try getting off the Internet and exposing yourself to some actual science and not arguments about science. FML I'm old - -XYnn. .company.com foo-prod-1101.sea1.company.com foo-dev-1201.sea2.company.com foo-test-2101.ord1.company.com 'foo' is whatever, and 'mysql' is bad while 'corp-db' is better as other commentators mentioned. for XYnn match X to the airport code of the datacenter, match Y to the sequence number of the datacenter, and 'nn' is a 2-digit code for the number in the cluster. all short names are unique this way. all datacenter can have a mix of prod/int/dev/test. you can use DNS name resolution search path to lookup services like 'ldap' in your local datacenter. don't use serial numbers. foo-123456789 is annoying for humans to use and will get truncated with interesting results. i had a discussion one time on chat with another engineer where i was looking at box '123' and he was looking at box '789' and we were both getting real confused because it seemed like we were on the same box... because we were... also only use "company.com" as your domain for every server and desktop in your company. if you need "company.co.uk" then it should only host websites "www.company.co.uk" that points at VIPs and the servers behind that should all still live in company.com. if you have windows boxes then setup a domain for AD "ad.company.com" or "win.company.com" and let your domain servers own that and setup proper DNS delegation from the parent. One nit to pick here is that I'd say that Chef is 'explicit' about ordering (I explicitly say exactly what is going to happen), while Puppet I would call 'implicit' based on solving a dependency graph and a bit of random hash order evaluation. This is actually one of the founding principles of Chef in that Adam Jacobs got tired of, in large systems, when you get one link in your dependency tree wrong you wind up with code which will pass tests and get deployed to prod then accidentally get broken the next day as the random ordering changes. Also, Chef does have dependencies between cookbooks and we do depsolve at that level. You can even construct things so that your base role that does most of your user account creation, ntp, dns, mail config, etc -- which is most of the time orthogonal to your app -- does not need to be a dependency of your application cookbooks. If you're deploying a rails app you can make that cookbook depend mostly just on installing ruby and deploying from github and you can test that, tightly, in isolation on a vagrant VM with test-kitchen. You can also setup more complicated integration scenarios where your nginx load balancer cookbooks don't depend on your apps, and your apps don't depend on your nginx config, but you can have integration tests for your nginx loadbalancers that brings up both in a virt and makes sure that you can load balance your app -- again, though, without sucking in every person's ssh keys in the org to set it up. And even though you're expressing dependencies, you're doing so in a array with an ordering to it, so that the dependencies reliably get solved in the correct direction, so that even if you don't specify the deps right, if you get the ordering correct it all works. And for credentials, I started using CFEngine in 1999, I did most of the "base role" of Amazon's CM infrastructure from 2001-2006 (growing from doing config pushes to 400 servers in my department to 30,000 servers across the company), then I built a few more small CFEngine deployments of 1,000-3,000 servers before moving on to working at Opscode. And my background with CFEngine -- which really invented the Prolog-style-Config-Mgmt that this whole article is about some 20+ years ago. And with the frameworks that I built on CFEngine I always imposed ordering so that you could read scriptlets from top to bottom and see what happened and then composed those scriptlets in runs that would execute in order. When we started out not doing that it was hugely confusing to newbies since actions would be taken in a seemingly random order in the file and that is not a natural way for people who walk into config management -- so we went out of our way to break the dependency-solving that CFEngine did and create something that ran almost exactly like Chef does (technically even more extreme, since there was no dependency resolution between "cookbooks" and while there wasn't an explicit run_list the order that files were included simply determined the order of execution). Push based SSH models fail pretty badly when you starting talking hundreds or thousands of servers under management. Those models have existed for a log time in tools like rdist, and sitescope tried to sell 'agentless' monitoring which required SSH in order to monitor servers. I've seen deployments of sitescope like that hit scalability walls at a few hundred servers as the ssh client processes on the sitescope server were chewing all the CPU doing SSH session negotiation. And the point here is that 'agentless' is really a lie. You're not agentless, you're using sshd as your agent. And when you dig into that protocol its expensive and not designed for RPC, its designed for interactive logins, and its chatty and chews up resources. It also isn't terribly reliable. It seems reliable when you're using it on your workstation and logging into a few dozen servers a day. You don't remember that time a few months ago when it had a 'derp' and you had to login again. When you're hitting 30,000 servers multiple times a day, you start to see the unreliability of the underlying protocol. If Ansible is going to survive you're going to see some kind of 'persistent fireball mode' where you ssh into the box and leave the zeromq daemon running and it starts looking a whole lot more like push. And really you want nodes registering back to your server. It makes discovery so much easier since you just configure your chef/puppet/cfengine/whatever server in whatever bootstrapping scheme you're using (kickstart, custom amis, whatever) and then whenever a server comes up, it registers and starts working. The push method where you have to edit a file on a server which is used to push code just leads to crufty servers getting untracked. The idea isn't really new, its been around for decades, and its always the first baby steps on the road to doing config management. So here's the thing that happens to me... When I eat certain foods, I tend to wake up in the middle of the night feeling hot, and it feels like I've got elevated blood pressure and my mind is racing a bit and it keeps me up at night. This is a very particular effect and it seems to be food linked. I get it after eating Chinese food, I get it after eating Pizza, I get it after eating a pile of spaghetti with red sauce. I used to gorge on Triscuits and Cheese and I'd get the same effects. I thought it was the carbs at first since those seem to be bad for me with weight gain and thought it was all related. But, there's another link there which is that all of that has MSG or glutamate in it (and also lots of sodium of course). So if i stay away from those foods I don't get the horrible sweaty middle insomnia symptoms. I can eat carbs if I stay away from glutamate/sodium, so my first guess that it was the white rice, pizza crust and spaghetti noodles was incorrect. But the MSG is always correlated with the symptoms. Is it the MSG or is it that the MSG comes with the salt? I dunno. I'm not really certain that it matters either. (I've also had my BP taken by a cardiologist the day after eating Chinese food and it spiked enough to cross the line between normal and high blood pressure the next morning after the meal...) Agreed. Everyone in the physics community pretty much knew that the FTL neutrino problem had to be a measurement error, including the group who published it. I think one individual had to resign because they jumped the gun a bit on the initial announcement, but overall they hit a situation with a pretty crazy and groundbreaking result and none of them could poke holes in it, and all of them were skeptical about it. They published that information in the most responsible manner possible, but the media handled it pretty poorly. Some other cases are the first two "discoveries" of the top quark, which were both wrong (and the one in 1984 was by Rubbia who won a Nobel Prize for the W and the Z so he wasn't really a lightweight). Recently, CDF at Fermilab had to retract their W+multijet mystery which might have been a leptophobic Z' boson, but was just that they didn't understand their background (again, everyone kinda saw that one coming as well). Also a couple of the dark matter detectors thought they had some signal, but the recently announced LUX experiment negative results pretty much crushed them. This kind of back-and-forth actually happens all the time. That isn't bad science, that's just science. I've been doing performance analysis and debugging as part of being a unix/linux sysadmin now for something like 20 years. And even though I have many well-cherished anecdotes about explaining the VM free list to software architects who were the go-to guys for the vision of our entire global platform, complete with PhDs, I still don't want to go back to the bad old days without a shared buffer cache. There's a reason why that's there, and you don't want to go back to 1992-era memory management. It also makes perfect sense from the perspective of writing the software. The free list really is the list of VM pages that have been free'd and that has a specific meaning, and changing that name internally would be terrible. You just need to understand how the machine actually works. this is called "Manufacturing Consent" and its the major purpose that 60 minutes has always served. it is not new. "Gold bugs will always like Bitcoin"... Is that like "Real Estate only goes up?" Remember that one from circa 2005? This problem really does lead to crypto currencies having no floor like Krugman points out. At some point everyone decides what the next hot crypto currency is, and suddenly Bitcoin turns into Friendster and there's a rush for the exits and the price collapses. It really does seem like cryptocurrency fanboys have bought into a form of "this time its different" because... crypto. And they're ignoring the fact that it is a currency with zero to backstop, and its clearly dependent upon fashion and popularity, since there's a growing marketplace now of competing cryptocurrencies. This thread has been very useful to convince me that bitcoin is a classic bubble. I have no idea when it'll pop, but it appears almost certain that it will. Can you not see yourself contradicting yourself? You admit that some other crypto currency may win. That means that bitcoin may lose. Lose. LOSE What happens when it LOSES? Like Krugman points out, there's nothing to backstop it and no floor. Oh right, but he's just an economist, he doesn't see the "inherent value". He just doesn't understand... You so easily swap contexts completely between all of this "inherent value" nonsense when you're addressing Krugman, and then a marketplace of cryptocurrencies which clearly is 'libertarian' and is going to have clear winners and losers -- without, obviously, thinking that last word through very clearly. I'm clearly going to need to load up on popcorn, this is gonna be fun to watch... yep. and the culture of internet snark and bullying certainly isn't helping this problem. Amazon doing anything for free for the open source community would seriously shock me. Its interesting that you immediately translated "means of production" in the preceding comment to "means of production to be owned by the state". There's other possibilities for "the workers owning the means of production" that don't necessarily involve the state owning the means of production. You can have the workers who do the actual work at the plant own the means of production, instead. Setting up a dichotomy between top-down heirarchial capitalism and top-down heirarchial statism implicitly ignores any possible middle paths. Fuck the USPS. Seriously. Its been obvious for at least a decade that the customers are direct mail advertisers and we're the product and we can't really opt out (I've signed up for a several opt-out services and I still get junk mail). reflected images in pictures might also disclose that you just got out of the shower and didn't bother to put on any clothes yet.... And as someone who has been on both sides of doing security research and systems administration. Generally, this kind of "pro bono" work isn't telling us anything we don't know, and since its not coordinated with the target it'll potentially get system/network/security adminstrators up at 3am in their morning to respond to your probes, and will drain company resources. You're also demanding that the company address whatever it is that you find, in short order, when it may actually not be the most important thing to the business -- particularly when you announce it to the world rather than follow responsible disclosure. When "researchers" then flip around and talk to the press and don't follow responsible disclosure, then what you're dealing with really is a hacking attempt. You're walking up to the doors and windows of a business and jiggling then to see if they're open and taking notes on what kind of locks they're using and how they could be bypassed -- without any kind of approval from the business owner. Then you're turning around and damaging the business by talking to the press about it. Back when I was more interested in computer security (roughly '94 just like tptacek), I knew that scanning systems that I didn't own without permission would get me in trouble. We seem to have devolved a bit in our collective maturity where we think we can just fly the flag of "security researcher" and that this gives us permission to initiate what look just like attacks on systems. If you don't own a system and don't have permission for it then don't attack it, and don't put the government in the position of trying to discriminate between a foreign government launching attacks and a "security researcher" with pure motives... And don't be too shocked if the government and legal institutions have issues in distinguishing between those two cases and throw you in jail for 15+ years. The way to avoid that outcome is not to do it. Only attack and probe systems that you own or have permissions to attack and probe. Just because you're a "security researcher" who is egotistical enough to think you can save the internet from itself, that doesn't mean you're going to get treated differently from a foreign national with less pure motives. Stay away from shit that isn't yours (and the security of the entire internet is not your sole responsibility). That was badly phrased. The point I wanted to make was that if you don't want to get into a situation where you're being threatened with 15+ years of incarceration (because prosecutors decide to try to blindly throw the book at you), then don't give them any reason to. Don't put a judge in the position of having to determine if you're an ethical grey-hat hacker, or a north korean spy, because you might lose the judge lottery (which may be shortened on appeal, but you'll be rotting in prison in the meantime). Justice isn't the machine language of a computer that has deterministic outcomes given its inputs. You're asking humans to determine your motives, which will be necessarily be subjective. And I'm not willing to put my freedom at the risk of someone else's subjective determination. And when "security researchers" do grey-hat hacking they shouldn't be too shocked if they're arrested and charged with those kinds of crimes, because they're asking too much of the legal system. And that doesn't mean that its 'right', and i'm totally against that kind of penalty. Even though I think its wrong to test vulnerabilities and spin around to go to the press, I see a huge difference, and think that the penalties should be closer to a slap on the wrist (a fine, and 30 days in jail / community service kind of penalty -- not 15+ years in prison). But I'm not going to put myself into the position of making a judge and the legal system make those kinds of distinctions. What is so important about being able to do that kind of grey hat hacking that you're willing to put your own freedom into that level of jeopardy? What's scary is how self-centered you are. How do you know that the vulnerabilities haven't already been found by an internal security audit, and that they're in the process of being patched, but by your disclosure to the media you are petulantly demanding that the company patch your vulnerability right this instant so you can get the fame and ego gratification from it? All large companies have vulnerabilites, there's always work that needs to get done, that always get triaged according to impact and then people who ideally should have 40-hour work weeks have to start patching code, then it needs to get Q/A tested to prove that rolling it out won't break everything else, and all that takes time. And I have worked for companies that took security seriously and worked for companies that had laughable security practices. In either situation, having 'help' from external 'security researchers' was not useful. In the case where companies were run competently it just means that you cause people to scramble and push solutions before they're ready. In the case where companies were not run competently it just causes people to scramble and does nothing to affect the underlying shittiness of the company. You are not going to be able to fix shitty companies. Its not your job to stop future Sony PSN networks from getting hacked, you can't do that, and you should stop thinking you can, and stop using that as justification for your own actions. And then conspiracy theorists latch onto this kind of shit, but believe that it must be malicious silliness... Why didn't Reagan respond immediately? Well, he was waiting to hear from Chancellor Gorkon that the KAL flight had been successfully beamed aboard and was en route to Pluto, of course... Clearly they'd have their shit together better so it couldn't have been a 23-year old rebooting all the computers accidentally and wiping out hours of critical work -- that would just be ridiculous... Run a cronjob every hour which: a. ensures ntpd is running and starts it if its not. b. checks `nptq -rv` and looks for the self-reported state of ntp and bounces if it is not sync'd. c. 'manually' checks ntpdate for the drift against a known stratum 1 and bounces the daemon if the drift is out of bounds (something like 50ms is a pretty good cutoff since ntpd normally does much better than that). You can run this out of chef/puppet/whatever but it needs to run with a frequency of about an hour (faster than that and ntpd often won't settle well, and slower than that and you can be needlessly waiting too long to fix problems). Running it as a cronjob uncouples it from how often your config management runs. This will catch all kinds of issues -- crashing ntpds, ntdps that randomly lose sync, kernel problems that keep them from keeping sync, ntpds that lie about their sync status, etc. I set it up to e-mail me as a form of monitoring (with heavy-duty procmail filters). Had 30,000 servers with this script running against it. I think 6 of them had shitty clocks that were getting reset every single hour, but were still keeping time correctly to under a second. Every couple days there would be a server that'd flip out and send a few e-mails until it quieted down and synch'd. At one point we had a shipment of several hundred new servers that all had issues with kernel drivers and the cronjob was bouncing ntpd constantly on them until a kernel upgrade fixed the problem. I also used to bounce ntpd once a night, but had to take that out because it would cause non-monotonic slew in the clock which timers around service calls would turn up as negative seconds that due to unsigned int conversion would turn into 4 billion second p100 times. You do want to be careful about things like network outages, if you can't ping your upstream stratum1/2 its probably better to leave things as it is. And again, you really want to limit the frequency that you bounce it at, and you want to be aware of servers where it gets into a state where you're bouncing ntpd constantly. Reading comprehension... I had 30,000 servers, all but 6 of them were not getting hard resets. 6 of them were getting hard resets every hour because they were sick. Occasionally a ntpd on a server would go a little crazy and it would get a few hard resets. This script got it back into spec so that it didn't need hard resets. I mentioned specifically that you can't send hard resets to ntpd more than about once an hour or it won't have time to settle and you'll wind up in a situation where you are constantly sending hard resets to it (which is bad). I took out the nightly forced hard resets of ntpd specifically because it affected monotonic time. If you look at the algorithm I wound up with ntpd will only be reset if: a. it is already crashed and not running b. it is self-reporting that it is out of synch c. is is more than 50ms out of synch with an upstream time server In all of those cases, you have already lost the battle to get sub-microsecond accuracy. The point is also to fill both lanes, so your last suggestion doesn't work very well. And I've been known to be a "vigilante" before. I'd give it up in a second if people would actually start filling the other lane. There's a merge here in Seattle -- the southbound I-5 collector-distributor with the onramp to 90 where it merges back into I-5 -- where people zipper halfway reasonably well and I actually routinely stay in the less-filled lane and late-merge. Washingtonians are awful at late merging/zippering though. Even when people are late merging you get tons of people merging early and then the line moves forwards and it screws over the lane that is being merged into. People just won't simply drive forwards to the merge spot. Dividers might help in some cases, but when the road is empty and everyone is doing 60+ mph the dividers are going to cause accidents. You could try to put down double lines on the road to block merging, but nobody pays attention to those here either. Getting zippering into drivers ed and getting them early, spamming the TV with ads, and putting signs up all over the place and carpet bombing the message might work. Happy to see them doing this. Oh yeah, and there's definitely an emotional component to it. When I'm stuck behind 50 cars and some asshat in a BMW goes speeding past to late merge the world goes completely red. I would love to stop doing that. If everyone zippers the asshat just has to pick a lane like everyone else, and there's no way to "cheat". And yes, "asshat" and "cheat" are all in my own brain. I find it extremely difficult to stop thinking that way when I see it though. "...your compiler is pure and utter shit ." That is throwing the guy he's responding to and the whole GCC compiler team under the bus with a very thinly veiled personal attack. If he was just hurling insults at the code, I could defend him, but that would look more like: "What the 4.9.0 compiler is doing to my scheduler is fucking insane. It can't be spilling constants like this because we can get hit by an interrupt while the stack is insane and then we'll be screwed. And this other shit is worse and just has to fucking go." Less pointing at the other devs and screaming that they're incompetent and more pointing at the code and screaming that its going to hose the shit out of the scheduler. Yeah, actually he did. He explicitly addressed it as "your compiler" and then proceeded to spew venom. That turns it into an attack against a person and not just code criticism. I'm very much not "make some friends", I'm much closer to Linus's model by default. I still remember when Linus and friends couldn't write a VM that worked on a server to save their fucking life and all Linux was good for was running xmms on Linus' desktop, but I was stuck trying to run his garbage in production. What goes around eventually comes around. And we can either all yell at each other and wind up tuning the fuck out, or we can try to be slightly more civil and realize that everyone is trying to solve hard problem and getting yanked in a dozen different directions. I'm willing to give the GCC compiler team the benefit of the doubt that these bugs were not due to the team being generally incompetent or lazy. Not perfectly 'dark' or we wouldn't see this at all. Still makes it dark matter for all practical purposes. Given the absolutely massive amount of dark matter that is out there the fact that there's a tiny emission line hinting at its existence that has taken us decades to find indicates that its still pretty damn dark (assuming this holds up). "I am not planning any nuclear attacks as my centrifuges are on the fritz and I have been unable to procure switches accurate enough to get a good implosion out of my C4 detonators. Also, it turns out that my ICBM designs are prohibitively expensive, and the Russians will not let me have access to their launch sites for some reason." if you want to copy everything and there's nothing at the target: rsync --whole-file --ignore-times that should turn off the metadata checks and the rsync block checksum algorithm entirely and transfer all of the bits at the source to the dest without any rsync CPU penalty. also for this purpose it looks like -H is also required to preserve hard links which the man page notes: "Note that -a does not preserve hardlinks, because finding multiply-linked files is expensive. You must separately specify -H." be mildly interesting to see a speed test between rsync with these options and cp. there are also utilities out there to "post-process" and re-hardlink everything that is identical, so that a fast copy without preserving hardlinks and then a slow de-duplication step would get you to the same endpoint, but at an obvious expense. I like making the devs who write the application the SREs who are going to be supporting it and making them carry a pager. If its worth it to the team to write code with edge conditions that will errantly wake them up in the middle of night occasionally they can make that decision to put that tax on their own lives, not someone else's. Then the SREs are in every single code review. Seems that Godwin's Law needs to be updated for 2014. As online discussion grows longer, the probability of doxxing and death threats approaches 1. And the standard corollary is the side which doxxes and issues death threats first automatically loses the argument. Maybe you should stop making so many generalizations? There is the odd total idiot on a bike who blows through stop signs and stop lights without stopping and doesn't have a headlight and is dressed in all black without a helmet. There are a ton of other bicyclists who have flashing headlights, dress in bright yellow jackets, wear helmets and stop at intersections. What do you want the latter to do about the former? Its not like there's a meeting of bicyclists where we all get together and draw lots for who gets to be the idiot this week, and just because I ride my bike to work doesn't imbue me with any magical abilities to police the idiots out there. I suspect that you're not really looking for any kind of workable solution, though, and you're just butthurt about the one guy who did that one dumb thing to you, though, so please continue to vent uselessly about what "cyclists (in general)" should all do to appease your indignation. I've been going downhill at a reasonable clip and taking the center of the lane (because of speed and the hazards of card doors opening up suddenly) and had cars behind me be so impatient to pass me that they'll forget to check for oncoming traffic and nearly get into head on collisions with other cars. I also started pulling fully into the lane because even though I'm travelling at speed downhill I've had cars pass me, with about an inch to spare when there was oncoming traffic and they were nearly pulling into the other lane -- I've had to take the tactic to force them to choose between flat out murdering me or else getting into a head on collision if there's oncoming traffic. Another time there was construction with cones out and I went inside most of the cones and let cars by, but had to merge into traffic around a cone where the actual construction was happening -- and a car decided they couldn't be slowed down for a second by a bike in front of them and they passed me and ate a traffic cone and dragged it under their car for 2 blocks. Some people just completely lose it when they have a bike in front of them that is going to slow them down for even a second or two. I don't know if its rage or stupidity, but they get really, really dumb. I can't wait until manual driving on freeways and in major cities is just banned and everyone has to have their cars on computer control. All the road rage goes away, all the inattention, all the derp would just go away, and traffic would move faster, and all the headgames would be gone -- replace it all with google algorithms that know how to pass a bike safely. Yeah, his definition of mean clearly doesn't involve superficially charming sociopaths and narcissists. As long as the person can look attractive and chat personably during a dinner, or out for drinks, or be the center of attention at a meeting they're 'nice' and not 'mean'. Never mind the fact the whole time they're talking to you they're taking notes on where to slip the dagger in your back should that ever become necessary. I think his wife's x-ray vision is necessarily quite a bit off. I argued politics with a lot of FOSS developers on Usenet in the early 90s. They weren't apolitical. And the internal politics in FOSS were often very highly charged and often bitter. The splits that created OpenBSD and DragonflyBSD, Stallman's politics with FSF and GNU bleeding over into endless licensing flamewars on the LKML mailing list, etc. You are either highly naive about FOSS or you've just defined all the vicious politics in FOSS as being just and righteous -- and that is exactly the justifications that the lynchmobs and their leaders in this article hold towards their victims as well. In college I fell into a 26-ish hour sleep schedule for awhile (which meant skipping some classes when my schedule rotated around to sleeping in the middle of the day). I probably had diagnosable Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder at some points of my life, and used to need 9-10 hours of sleep in High School and College. Never been a morning person. Jet lag to Europe is inevitably completely brutal to my system. Be happy that you can adapt. It isn't a choice for me. I've struggled with this for 40 years. That is insufficent, try going through TCP/IP Illustrated Vol 1 at least and really learning TCP/IP and use tcpdump to rip apart packets. You should learn in detail the tcp state diagram and how to read netstat output. Know what the TCP 3-way handshake is and PTMU discovery and 4-way connection teardown and be able to apply that knowledge to debugging. Learn how to program in C at least well enough to write simple clients and servers, write a trivial threaded application using something like pthreads (just a couple ideas). Then start reading Advanced Programming in the Unix Environment. Really learn how to use Strace -- you should know what the difference is between a system call and a library call and be familiar with many of the common system calls you see in the output of that. You should understand the sockets API and file IO APIs. Should be able to understand socket and file descriptors and understand the output of lsof and be able to use it to debug problems. Pick up the latest version of the Daemon book and learn how a Unix system is architected and what the different kernel subsystems are. Start poking around in the linux kernel sources. Use your C knowledge to make some toy modifications to the kernel (a /proc entry that echos back 'hello world' when you cat it for example). Read Unix Systems for Modern Architecture by Schimmel as a start if you want to go further here. Take the same approach to the higher level aspects of systems. Your package manger is important so if you are on a RedHat system you should be able to take a trivial piece of C code that you wrote and properly package it so that you can build it, package it, and install it. If you've built by hand or seen C packages built by hand you should have encountered 'configure; make; make install'. You should write a toy C program with a portability issue (find a Linux/FreeBSD portability issue and write a toy C program with that problem in it), and write an autoconf script so that you can run your code on either O/S. Pick up either CFEngine, Puppet or Chef and learn how to use it (you can also add Salt and/or Ansible, but please don't consider yourself an expert if you don't understand the limitations of those two). Study Mark Burgesses Promise Theory. Learn at least one high level scripting language that is in common use: Ruby, Python or Perl. You should also learn bash (and ideally learn old school /bin/sh and its differences with bash as well), but you cannot stop at just shell scripts. Ideally you really learn how to program and write 10,000+ line object oriented programs, and write code that is tested. Learn what inheritance and composition are and why some software developers argue you should favor composition over inheritance. Learn the Law of Demeter and other principles. Install and use something other than Linux to broaden your horizons a bit. FreeBSD at least. Solaris or one of the Solaris derived distros would be even better. Having a Mac as a laptop is also useful but I'm not sure it replaces playing with different server O/Sen. Then, you definitely do also want Limoncelli's book and Nemeth's Unix and Linux System Administration Handbook and be able to configure a wide range of different systems apps (sshd, ntpd, SMTP mailers, apache, nginx, etc). If all you can do is install and configure apps, though, then you're no better than a scriptkiddie running scripts they download off the internet if you can't write them yourself. You won't understand what you're actually doing, and won't have a prayer of debugging some of the harder problems you can run into in architecting and debugging issue that come up in running those apps in a large and successful environment. I was doing "SRE" level system engineering at Amazon back in 2001 long before facebook ever existed. Also when I grew up as a junior system engineer in the mid-90s I looked up to "system administrators" like Wietse Venema who coded in C and wrote tcp_wrappers and postfix, and Larry Wall who wrote his own programming language. The System Administration / Software Developer is not a new invention of Facebook/Google. What is "new" is the "System Administrator" that started getting hired in the late 90s who couldn't do anything other than install programs and configure them and maybe knew how to 'ps' and 'kill' and that's about it. Even the old school Enterprise-class system admins knew more about debugging crash dumps and using their tools even if they did call up IBM when they needed a patch. You are literally the problem with system administration. The attitude that you don't need to know how to program or understand the architecture of the systems that you run on is a highly privileged attitude that you are practitioner who can remain ignorant of their tools. The good news is that kids these days are being raised on SREs and there's a billion people in India who will take your job and won't have an attitude about learning how to program. Ultimately, you are going to be a curious dinosaur. You are a unique product of the late 90s Internet bubble where the need for system administrators expanded so much faster than the available supply and anyone halfway technically minded got hired for really good salaries and put in charge of servers. That is going to change and evolve. And I spend 5-10 years learning all that knowledge back in the 90s and its 15 years later and I can state with confidence that there's no regrets. If anything my only regret is that I didn't learn how to really practice "software development" as opposed to "programming" even earlier. Going forwards, I expect that more an more the lines between systems and software is going to blur and MY advice to kids these days would be that they will only be able to be ignorant of software development practices at their own peril. And I stated doing PC Tech work in the late 80s, became a Unix admin in the mid-90s, managed the configuration management system and base configuration of a site that grew to 30,000 linux servers in the 200Xs, and then after 15 years switched to being a Software Developer. I'm fully confident based on experience that you are offering absolutely terrible advice to someone who is just learning, and you are out of touch with the direction of your own field. I certainly threw in things there which I would not consider a requirement for hiring. I DO expect basic knowledge of the TCP state diagram and ability to parse and explain netstat output in actual hiring interviews. I would not expect someone to have read Schimmel's book and know how kernel locking works in great detail. My advice is to really learn how to write some toy C programs at minimum an learn the sockets API and really have a copy of APUE and use it occasionally. I highly recommend a project where you do some kind of trivial 'hello world' patch to the actual kernel sources and things of that nature. I have actually, on my job, seen issues that require this kind of knowledge -- like one incident with massive amounts of TCP RSTs and I've cracked open the kernel sources and tracked down where the TCP stack can issue RSTs, and found a problem with TCP Timestamps and the PAWS algorithm and the way that our layer 4 hardware loadbalancers at the time were doing packet rewriting and preserving all the random TCP timestamps from the clients which was hitting very high velocity servers and when TIME_WAIT state sockets were hit with a 'backwards in time' TCP timestamp from a different client it would issue a RST and tear down the connection because of PAWS. You might be able to find that kind of problem by studying the TCP RFCs and books like TCP/IP Illustrated instead of opening the kernel sources, but its the kind of problem that you aren't going to be able to Google. And I don't really have the ability to write a [modern, multithreaded] TCP/IP stack (although I could certainly acquire it), but I have demonstrated the ability to read the sources and get real-life work done by doing so. For all the candidates that I interview I want to see some indication that they can work without the Google safety net and show some ability to track down problems on their own. Continuous Delivery is going to eliminate that from the equation. The software developer will write software and tests and if they pass the tests throughout the pipeline then it will ship to production automatically and potentially multiple times per day. Much faster than the heavy ITIL based change control process that requires you to be inserted in the middle of it will manage. The companies that do this will have a velocity that outstrips the companies that do what you describe and will naturally have an advantage in the marketplace. There will still be room for security compliance and someone in the company to be responsible for that, but they'll be writing tests that check software for compliance automatically, they won't be some drone in an office looking at a form and stamping their approval on a change request. Your industry is changing. You may retire before it really hits you in the ass and kicks you out, but your advice for people getting into the industry is terrible. In order to be able to usefully debug perf issues you need to have a fairly deep understanding of systems architecture though or you're no better off than the software devs that you're slamming. There are a lot of "I don't need to learn programming" system admins whose knowledge of how to debug performance issues I could teach to a decent software developer in an afternoon. There are even more SAs who cargo cult completely incorrect assumptions and tend to throw money semi-randomly at problems because the last time they had a wonky server they upgraded the RAM so this time if they spend the money or more RAM that'll fix it too. And yes, I've had to painfully explain why Linux servers report nearly all their memory as being fully used and what the VM free is was to a Principle Architect at a major internet firm with a string of PhDs and who had built the software architecture of the company from its founding. Controlling a huge chunk of the technical direction of the company and doesn't know the first thing about the VM or how to tell if a server is really out of RAM or not. There's still going to be a skillset which is closer to the hardware, but people need to really have that skillset. Most people who call themselves SAs do not actually have that skillset, they're just semi-technical people who wield root power and throw their weight around the company.