What about Atom? Isn't it better than RSS? "The compiler did not have a bug. The compiler never had a bug. The bug was always in the programmer's code and usually in their understanding of the language... It was caused by a misunderstanding of the way arguments to unprototyped functions were automatically promoted..." - I'd say the bug is neither in the compiler nor in their understanding of the language but in the language itself then. Why on Earth do we need a language that we can't use safely without "understanding of the way arguments to unprototyped functions are automatically promoted"? IMHO the number-one principle to be followed in every sane language design is the "principle of least surprise" (POLA). If the language can surprise you easily and lets you write weird code that is going to work a way different from what one will probably assume intuitively - that's a language made wrong. Who needs Google when thee is DuckDuckGo anyway? Switched to DuckDuckGo (after getting mad of Google demanding me to solve captchas all the time) about a year ago... 100% satisfied. Whether it's about a student loan or some other kind ow loan, how exactly are people supposed to pay with their professional licenses suspended? Isn't this policy purely nonsensical? Doesn't suspending such a license in such a case mean preventing the person from ever repaying the debt actually? Isn't it in the best interests of a creditor to help their debtors earn money rather than to prevent them from earning? Thanks. This way it makes at least some sense. But isn't it a way too brutal and still a way irrational from the society point of view? Effectively ridding a skilled person of a life, setting them broke and probably homeless as the result at the same time while funding other peoples welfare and undertaking all kinds of efforts to solve homelessness and joblessness problems on the other hand? I believe that legal barriers restricting qualified people's working rights are the next big thing ought to be abolished after slavery has been. Hopefully in future every person that actually can and wants to do a job will be legally allowed to apply, no matter what. Are current Intel GPUs really this bad? What are the app stores other than Apple? I didn't know they can block an app from Google Play for a particular country. Used to think it's an Apple-specific antifeature. The whole phenomenon of sugar and fructose being added to virtually everything is beyond comprehension. There are so many people, fat and slim, saying they don't want to be fat, yet eating foods with added sugar every day. Why not just replace all the added sugar with erythritol, for example? The whole situation with sugar reminds me of the situation with opium in early 19th century China How are these compared to Purism? I have always been curious if all the people saying they don't like 3D actually experience the discomfort they describe or just want to look fancy like old wine geeks. I myself have watched just 2 movies in 3D: Avatar and Resident Evil: Afterlife - both of them looked visually awesome and caused absolutely no discomfort to me. I would certainly love to watch Interstellar and Blade Runner 2049 in 3D, that's a huge pity that's not possible. IMHO all the people who claim having intelligence and education sufficient for a finance job should be able to use at least basic SQL and/or R and/or Q to work with up-to-date information straight from the databases without importing it to a spreadsheet first. Perhaps I am terribly wrong but my intuition suggests entrusting a company finance to a person unable to learn some SQL/R may happen to be a questionable idea. "Everyone talks about trying to create a new type of programming environment, something intuitive and visual and that lets you think in new and creative ways. Excel is exactly that" - yes, it is, except it is a way too old already though all the notable competitors seem dedicating all the efforts to reproducing its legacy as closely as possible. I'd love to see an attempt to design a brand-new spreadsheet from scratch, built around a modern programming language (like Python instead of fossil VBA), modern practical file formats (like HDF5 and SQLite instead of obscure and clumsy xls, xlsx and ods) and all the experience and advances in the UX science accumulated during the recent years. Good news are some projects are heading this way already, e.g. pyspread and jamovi (they can hardly be taketn too serious at this moment but at least they illustrate there are people that see the problems of "classic" spreadhseets and have viable ideas on solving them). Hasn't the world just agreed on migrating to USB-C for everything? > How do you mean it's "way too old already" I mean many obvious ways it can be improved have been discovered during the time passed. Although it obviously makes no sense to give up the whole thing just because it has been introduced long ago it still is not a bad idea to consider minor and major improvements or even rethinking the whole idea occasionally. We could still be using good old typewriters/teletypes if the fact they worked was stopping us from thinking about inventing tools to do the same job with less labour and more fun. Although the idea sounds intriguing for numeric data processing, the site looks suspicious and the article won't open. > Get the following datapoints from any IP address; Again :-( I just wonder if people will ever stop making assumptions about others given their IP address or hair colours and divide the Internet on these slippery grounds. The only legitimate and valid way to determine the client's location automatically is the browser or the OS geolocation API, and for the language it is the HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE header. The fact I have contacted your server from an IP address assigned to a Chinese ISP neither means I'm in China nor that I speak Chinese. Both of these are redundant as long as there is the country code already included in the API response object. If the geolocation api doesn't give anything - that probably means the user has chosen to configure it this way because they don't want to share their location. You should probably ask them in case you actually need to know where they are. If there isn't one (which is rather improbable - AFAIK all the browsers have it set by default), then it should be either English or both English and the language assumed given the IP address. This can be considered a reasonable way when it's about statistics rather than about an individual user experience. Usually right because people from these countries are trying to evade location-based discrimination and privacy infringement Hackers should really be writing more books for kinds. Not only about programming but about "life, the universe and everything" too - I wish there were an introduction into understanding myself, life, the society and other stuff written by a likely-minded person available to read when I was a kid. By the way, it would be nice to also include ISO 3166-2 state code (e.g. US-AL for Alabama, AU-TAS for Tasmania, TZ-26 for Manyara etc). I have once heard a beautiful song in a local swimming pool. I've shazamed and googled it just to find the only place it was available from being Audiosparx - a site I've never heard about before that time, seeming kind of an "audio clip-art" store, titled as "commercial music for video, TV, film and media". Great news! Could someone also introduce some legislation to neutralise FCC's requirement for WiFi router manufacturers to block custom firmwares plese? Doesn't he have a tech advisor of a sort who could possibly explain him the thing so he won't make comments this funny? Wow! So dark... I have always believed ALL the BlueTooth connections are encrypted strongly too. And this is why I thought BlueTooth keyboards are safe while common non-BT wireless keyboards can be easily sniffed by a neighbour. Does it make sense to start learning EcmaScript today? More and more people are migrating to TypeScript as the coding language, WebAssembly has arrived to replace JavaScript as the browser native language other languages will compile to. Isn't EcmaScript going to become legacy soon? I'm actually curious, seriously, not trolling. What does "demonetization" mean anyway? It's the second time I read about "demonetization" and I still don't get it what does this mean at all. I've just went by the link (never visited that site before) and it says "THIS REQUEST HAS BEEN RATE LIMITED You're making too many requests to our servers from this computer..." immediately. No. From home. And every time I try - I see this error message only. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTk6m3U54po Content is the new oil, isn't it? A friend of mine once told me that swimming in Thames would be a serious mistake as its water is poisonous. Are the neonicotinoids the reason or are there other dangerous chemicals too? We, the people with ADHD are always annoyed by them, people writing 25-page-long articles and we are also very jealous of others capability to read them :-) What degree of privacy can it actually offer? This is amazing. IMHO Ubuntu, Elementary, OSX and other OSes that are trying to be practical, easy and pleasurable to use out of the box should offer this by default, together with tldr.sh. Really? I could never find it. Perhaps you've got an extension of a sort installed. Nice idea anyway, I'll give it a try, thanks! I doubt it sounds great but maybe the things have actually improved since the last time I've tried a text-to-speech tool. Although the article somewhat exaggerates the problem and in fact REST is great for many applications, truth is (IMHO) REST is indeed overrated and the RPC style (don't confuse it with SOAP!) is over-vilified in the IT culture. In so many (though far not in all of them) cases a concise JSON-RPC API would be a much more elegant solution than REST. I believe this is a great example of where the "right tool for the job" principle should be applied rather than a buzzword cult. Many comments here emphasize on the problem of developers expecting RPC functions to be as reliable as local functions are. Well, that's their own problem, IMHO. The only appropriate solution is to remind them they are doing it wrong, e.g. the same way REST gurus use to remind everybody they are doing REST wrong. In fact there is a huge number of "developers" around who just invoke all the file system, database and network (REST, RPC, SOAP or whatever) calls synchronously, don't validate inputs nor outputs and don't even wrap the calls in try/catch (believe me, I used to support a fairly popular API and had to explain this stuff to just soooo many people complaining about their apps hanging or panicking on occasions when our REST API quirks (e.g. a field is missing from the response) or fails). I am actually very sad IceWeasel has been discontinued. We the people really need a community-maintained reasonably up-to-date no-nonsence (without hidden extensions built-in, proprietary stuff hard-coded, legacy features (like Java plug-in - my government still requires me to use it!) force-disabled, random stuff testing etc.) version of Firefox IMHO. Perhaps. But does it incorporate the recent improvements that make Firefox fast again (this is an important part of what I mean under "reasonably up-to-date")? I don't think so. What if a person has no addiction but just enjoys a joint (or even some cocaine) on occasion, i.e. like other people can enjoy a beer or two at times without being alcoholics? Are they still going to force them through treatment or what? > How to make a political program out of anarchism? Just give up radicalizing it. Accept the society AS IS as a starting point and start stripping the state of its powers and ambitions one by one. Read through the laws, legalize everything that can be legalized fairly safely (e.g. legalize drugs but don't hurry to legalize private atomic weapons :-)) at particular stage, remove requirements that are not really necessary (e.g. repeal copyrights enforcement but keep net neutrality). It is crucial to implement this process in a mindful and responsible way, i.e. avoiding dissolution of government institutions that do an important job and have no decent private alternatives established to the moment or repealing regulations that are there to limit the powers of corporations (which will certainly seek to establish tyranny over the nation as soon as the forces binding them weaken). > We reject all societal processes that break that link — such as private property, exchange relations, division of labor, and democracy. This is a way too radical idea that can hardly be considered constructive or viable. There can be no hope for a society anything close to real to survive and prosper with no body of power over them unless all its members respect property and interests, safety and privacy, freedom and dignity of other members the way they would like others to respect those of their own. Also division of labor is an absolutely natural thing, goods and services are to be subjects of free market, it is perfectly correct for a doctor to concentrate on healing people and expect the people to care about his needs in exchange so he won't waste time e.g. cultivating foods to feed his family. The ultimate goal is not to destroy the system. It is to make every individual as free (keeping in mind that security is a precondition to freedom) as possible without infringing freedom of their neighbour, to decentralize and distribute power as uniformly as possible (while still letting and encouraging experts to make important decisions) and to establish Nash equilibrium so only minor fluctuations will occur and nobody will be able to gain enough power to become the new tyrant. The first time I've seen an ORM I was fascinated by this seemingly beautiful idea. But I have quickly realized that it's almost useless in real life projects, plain old SQL seems just much much better. Now I don't understand why would anybody use an ORM actually. Also, basic SQL can be easily taught in as little as 10 minutes (I have been initially taught it at middle school during MS Office Query, Access and VBA class). An image of a programmer that can't use SQL (I don't mean advanced cases which can indeed be a bit tricky but these are far beyond the powers of any ORMs anyway) seems really bizarre to me. Sure. I mean in all the real life projects I've seen from the inside, using ORM instead of SQL felt like roaming a forest on a gyroboard. > Traits: Extraversion, Agreeableness, Conscientiousness, Stability, Openness Obviously these traits can change. Although for extraversion it is questionable (extraversion is not a merit, it's more like a gender kind of a "trait"), development of agreeableness, conscientiousness, stability and openness is what defines a character maturity of adult/adolescent person. Why eat iodized salt? Wy not just take iodine supplement or just eat kelp? Or iodize some other foods perhaps? By the way I could never understand why do people add salt to everything, I personally don't like it much. Also, isn't it supposed cause cardiovascular health issues?