Android in C? I thought it was Java. Jedber will be missed. I disagree. A research, when begins is independent of its beneficiary. That's why scientific progress cannot be charted. It's surprising that came from Bill Gates. Scientists work to solve problems, to unearth secrets of nature, to create things, not to solve needs of the poor. That is the consequence of their research. sid_cool1234@yahoo.co.in Microsoft Excel is a big win for me. I wish it does. That's the Microsoft way, not Google. How do we know this is for legit? The sad fact is nothing in this can be believed. All this is strategically too complex. Thanks, this is a wonderful article. How? Wow, most on HN are not action oriented? I find this blog post utterly stupid. It's a pseudo-idealistic view of the world. Google created a programming language as their vision of how language should be. They did not create Google Wave for ads. That's how Google works, they experiment, and if it's accepted they work out a business model for it. I cannot speak for Twitter or Facebook, but Google, I am pretty sure, that's the case. Sorry Mr. Dave Copeland, I differ. The worst thing you can do to convince a naysayer is providing logic and reasoning. They are naysayers for a reason, rationalism simply eludes them. Talk about some rubbish pride and take a middle ground. Let them win a bit, it kinda pampers their ego. Modularise Abstract Code, test, revise, functional test, Load test, Performance test Peer testing Comment Simple is beautiful I think that many databases will have to update the values. And yeah, if someone has hardcoded UI values, they will have to change as well. This sucks, the country cannot do this. We have to allow for peaceful protests. That's a communist view ;) This is an important service for businesses like Groupon. I suggest creating a scoring app, say for baseball or basketball or cricket. You need to enter the player names and then start scoring with simple tricks. The real creativity is in how easy you make the scoring app. I know there will be existing apps, the challenge is in making it easy to use. This isn't Reddit. You would be enshrined there. This is Hacker news and jokes are not welcome. We talk in language of Math and hrefs. This is wonderful. Thanks. Try emailing LulzSec. This in interesting. Last time FB held the conference they introduced the Social Graph.... I am impressed with the UI. It's fast. Great work. What technologies have you used? It is a well written article, language wise, but content wise, it spews jealousy. The author is entitled to have an opinion express it, but in this case it seems the author wants to gain attention by going against the tide. It's good going against the tide when you stand for something, which is not the case in this matter... How big a team was involved in the build? Just the build, not the testing team. I am thoroughly impressed by the effort. I would surely like to use the service... Ah, I missed you by 8 hours in posting this. Which book? Getting 404 Not for me! https://github.com/chernikovalexey/Prevel Looks like spam. I didn't get what you mean by 'not web-scale' Results are surprising so far. The intersection of Facebook and Hacker news readers is pretty less. Probably that's why HN readers are so productive? http://code.google.com/p/js-test-driver/wiki/GettingStarted The luminaries should understand that precisely because CERN has been unable to find a system error, they have put forth the discovery in front of the world to scrutinize it. The luminaries, instead of voicing doubts, should be analyzing results. CERN is not North Korea to claim they performed a nuclear test and the US doubts the claims... Wow...iPhone 4GS and iPhone 5!! Two words, Cloud iPhone... I believe there should be a description of what this website does, rather than repeating the URL in the title... Clickable http://swifto.com Sure, I am the same guy from Reddit, and I thank again for the article. It's very well written. A pretty lame translation, I say. No, I want it in Houston... Nice try, Chris Hardwick ;) Brilliant! Can we have the source code? It's brilliant! This is a good direction, thanks MS. Oops...I just posted this link on my Facebook account with the sensational heading "Foundations of physics shaken again". I will remove it. I suggest building an API which extracts results from Google and WolframAlpha, depending upon whether it's a computation being demanded or an answer.