The interesting quote is that Baidu removes privacy violating documents. Yet, they have no problem with IP violations (mainly by linking to stolen ebook PDFs.) Not going to happen. A lack of IP and patent protections along with an educational culture that discourages innovation and "standing out" is a significant barrier to improvements. Plaigarism and outright theivery is commonplace among academics, students and researchers -- there's little incentive for scientific discovery. Also, the basic sciences are also lacking in many areas as well. Scientists know that basic science drives future innovation. Until China has a paradigm shift in IP attitudes, we'll continue to find that they will lag behind in innovation. I can't think of any significant Chinese scientific innovation in the recent past. (Despite patent filings to the contrary.) Much of their "research" is simply reverse engineering of others' work. I may be a little inflamatory with this comment, but I live in Shanghai and see the reality every day. For China to overtake the US in two years would be like suggesting that Google will declare bankruptcy next week. It's theoretically possible, but with a micro-probability. You're right. Completely insensitive. Way out of line. We must all strive to sterilize the discourse to a level that is sensitive to every possible iteration of sensitivity. Mustn't ever joke about anything so sensitive. Perhaps laws ought to be proposed. Al Gore is obviously an expert. His "science" has been correct so many times before. Location-based information is in the iPhone user agreement. If people are concerned about their locations being recorded onto their computers during sync-- that's a good reason to encrypt the backup. This story is more cool than frightening. Cell companies already have location logs for ALL cell users. Encrypt the backup through iTunes and there should not be any concern. Google already tracks every search query and IP matches -- search histories are far more intrusive than a cell tower triangulation with 100-300 meter accuracy. That appraisal tool is somewhat worthless. Apparently google.com is worth $4300. For some reason Google doesn't want to sell it though. That's just awesome. All we need now is some testing environments for Maxthon and we'll have a complete kit to ensure that websites are compatible with the crappiest browsers available. I'm still looking for a way to emulate Windows 3.1 on OS X. That, along with some 1.44 floppies and I'll be in dev hell. Good luck. You might as well try negotiating an unblock with China. It isn't about invasion its about the IP theft and industrial/scientific espionage. The China threat is extremely real, especially in high tech areas. The Chinese version of "collaboration" is "you innovate, we report to Beijing." The Chinese intelligence services are the most active in the world -- they make the KGB look like girl scouts. There's a reason for it. Spend some time doing business in China and you'll understand. It isn't that they aren't "smart" enough -- it's that there is no culture of innovation. The best and brightest are running tech startups -- they work for the military and police apparatus. Come to China, find some "innovations." The last Chinese invention of any significance was gunpowder. Have a look a Baidu, Maxthon and the warehouses full of copycat iPads. Look at their cars, military machinery -- most of their military equipment is Soviet retreads or reverse-engineered US stuff. The Chinese are dangerous because there is no end to their industrial and scientific aggression. When a US company wants to do business in China, they are forced to take Chinese "partners." The US side of the office does the work and the Chinese side simply copies and sends the information onward. There is no such thing as a trade secret for a foreign company in China. The culture is entrepreneurial, but it isn't one of invention, it's one of doing something someone else has done and doing it cheaper and at a lower quality. Come to China -- you'll see. There are some good things in China, but they are the exception that proves the rule. Israel doesn't have a habit of threatening US interests. Israel didn't attempt to shoot down our aircraft and hold our aircrews hostage. Israel isn't threatening Taiwan, propping up North Korean dictators or funneling weapons to Darfur. Israel is actually a partner in security as opposed to an opponent. Israel isn't manipulating currency or holding world financial markets hostage. I guess Israel bashing is fashionable. By the way, you have no evidence that Israel has stolen more IP than China -- that's just a nonsensical claim. Completely correct. The Chinese are fiercely protective. Just try to buy a Harley Davidson in Shanghai. Chinese are the most protectionist country in the G20 without a doubt. Their economy is headed for a significant crisis in the next 5 years. They put on a pretty facade, but it's smoke and mirrors once you get past the empty concrete shells. I don't know if it's possible, but perhaps you could do an IP switch.. maybe you can trick FB into allowing your site. Only problem is Sococo is designed for closed groups, and it has no video -- it's hardly a Skype competitor in functionality. Besides for group chat and conference calls and Campfire does it better for less money and without having to download anything -- it's elegantly Rails and works from anywhere on any device. I'm sure Microsoft will find a way to break Skype like it breaks everything else! Let's hope he does something amazing with his new gear. I don't think it would make up for the kidney, but maybe he can be the next whoever and make this merely a footnote in his personal success story. Hopefully. Otherwise it would just be a tragic waste. Thanks.. we're going to check that out. As someone who is prepping for a potential DEMO launch, these tips are extremely helpful. While not all are applicable to DEMO, all of the tips are fantastically useful. Thanks! Very relevant to what? Sarah Palin is not a public official. It would have been great to have such journalistic ambition when it came to vetting the presidential candidates of 2008 IN 2008. I didn't see any similar attempts to comb through the Climategate emails or analyze Al Gore's pseudoscience propaganda. Palin is a non-entity. We should be spending our time combing through the current administration as opposed to wasting time on a private citizen. It's a bunch of nonsense -- this Palin obsession. I'm Republican, I vote, but I'd never vote for Palin, but I also don't think it's useful to sift through 24000 emails with the hope of finding something "useful." It isn't a former governor and failed candidate that has any power over taxes, budgets or defense -- it's the current administration. Wrong or right, the Obama (and all administrations) should be fully investigated by journalism organizations -- it's their job and they seem to be asleep, dreaming of Palin. Yeah, because it smacks of political nonsense. HN shouldn't (in my view) be used as a political campaign machine. Politics shouldn't be on HN unless it directly relevant to tech or startups, etc. Yet another Bitcoin story. How nice. Hashrocket.com -- the best guys around and they can work via video conference. They're in Jacksonville not San Fran, but it's worth the logistical accommodation. I wonder if the global cooling predictions of the 1960s and 1970s should be mentioned. So build something better and let the market decide. I can teach my mother in law to use an iPhone in five minutes. Giving her all of this "freedom" would make the devices much harder to use and maintain, not to mention far more insecure. Not much of a malware danger on ios either. There are very few apps that need a jail broken device; the few that are unique are generally dealing with features the average user wouldn't want or need. For those Ivory Tower types, there's no law against jailbreaking.. One more thing-- no one forces anyone to use a particular technology (unless it's being forced to use Windows at work.) The tin foil hat crowd might have some grand fears, but it's groundless -- you only give up the privacy you choose to give up. Google has never knocked on my door forcing me to give up private information, although the US government does! I would be more worried about intrusive and over regulatory whims of the government-- they can enforce their schemes at the point of a gun. Worry about the government and let the market take care of everything else. Nope. Money will be made in all kinds of markets. Wanna join a startup? Email me: superacidjax@me.com I need a strong Rails guy soon. Sounds a lot like working in China or Korea. When you increase the test taking pool and there is an increasing number of ESL students taking the exam, average scores are going to drop. The problem isn't legislation like the Ted Kenney/GW Bush No Child Left Behind, it's that the important critical thinking and higher level reading skills required are being ignored in lieu of an increased focus on just getting kids to pass minimum standards. As a result, the majority of educational initiatives are aimed at the lower end of the educational achievement bell curve at the expense of the true "college bound" student. There's also a push that "every child could/should go to college" as opposed to the old days when vocational and trade programs were more prominent. As a result more kids that have no interest or ability to succeed in college are taking the SAT. It's simple -- with a larger sample size, you'll have more low scores. However, one critical area that is being ignored is that the College Board routinely re-centers scores. The real question isn't what the reported scores are -- it's the difference in the raw test scores that are the key. I would argue that the raw scores are probably just the same as they've always been -- however if more people score "above average" then of course, the College Board will have to make the "average" score more average. One might be able to make the case that scores are actually higher now than they were in 1995 and as a result the scaled scores have been adjusted to reflect this new average. I am a high school teacher in Shanghai and do private SAT tutoring and have been studying and dealing with SAT scoring and preparation for many years -- I'm not noticing a decline in students as much as I'm noticing an increased reliance upon test prep -- which would skew the averages to be higher and result in the College Board adjusting the reported score/raw score in order for the test to maintain validity in the eyes of the colleges. In reality, the SAT is not a valid test of anything other than the ability to take the SAT. I could teach almost anyone to "beat" the test. It really isn't a function of intelligence as much as strategy. But the College Board is in the business of selling tests and so they must create some score distribution as a means for universities to short-cut their admissions process. It's much easier to compare 20000 applications on basis of SAT/GPA than it would be to consider GPA and the full range of other indicators. While universities do consider those indicators -- it's usually only after making their private cuts based on some numeric rubric. That's the real tragedy -- not that the SAT scores are going down, but that the SAT scores are still being used at all. It would make much more sense to use Advanced Placement results since those are actual college level courses. The SAT II is also more valid since those tests are actually subject matter exams rather than some arbitrary gauge of critical thinking skills. However, the SAT has been adapting someone with more emphasis on real academic skills, but it's still a very beatable, very trainable test. It would be much more difficult to coach someone on beating the AP exam, since those test actual knowledge and application rather than just simple strategy. An increase of the AP program would cost hundreds of millions for schools and there's no way they'll do it because they're too busy teaching 10th graders how to read and making sure that kids learn plenty of political correctness. No danger from the Chinese kids. I tutor rich Chinese students in SAT and they routinely get hammered by the SAT Critical Reading and the Writing sections. They'll ace the math, but until their language and critical thinking skills improve, there isn't much danger there. The testing machine culture of China (and Korea, Japan) doesn't reward critical thinking, so as a result, those students are far behind their American counterparts once they get out of the memorization paradigm. Only 1 of my students scored a perfect 2400 on the SAT and she spent years in the US and didn't go through the Chinese educational system. Most of my Chinese students tend to score around 1800-1900 total, with scores in the 700s for math and the 500s for critical reading and writing. I don't have any data on the Indian students.. That's mildly hilarious -- "Boeing is designing planes with the Chinese market in mind.." I guess that means they're designing planes that can fly themselves or at least be operated by a high school graduate who has never been in a Cessna. Or, perhaps Boeing is going to hard-code a 90 minute delay so as to save the overloaded Shanghai and Hong Kong air traffic controllers the effort of letting planes rot on the tarmac due to traffic mismanagement. Yeah, I'm not a big fan of Chinese airlines or flying around China. What I'm interested in is why there isn't the 50 bitcoin stories a day submitted anymore. Actually, I'm glad the bitcoin stuff stopped getting submitted so frequently. Might as well submitted links about Amway or Metabolife. So, is getting "Zuckerberged" now a legitimate synonym for getting screwed? I love the 37signals guys, the Pragmatic Programming guys as well as the Pivotal Tracker folks and the guys at Hashrocket. They really seem to put that Rework stuff into practice. Contrast those people to the Facebook-type companies that seem to essentially ignore individuals in favor of scale. It IS possible for companies both large and small to provide some personal touches to their service and really make their users feel special. It pays dividends. The cost of those beer glasses and shipping was minimal, but the value added to their brand was incalculable. The best part is that they practice customer service like that quietly -- they aren't always talking about how great they are simply as a marketing ploy -- they quietly do great things. For example, I am based in Shanghai and last weekend they had a server issue that affected some of my users' Basecamp access here in China (although for some reason my access had no issues) -- I emailed them about it and they responded back within a few hours with specific fixes they did in response to my general problem. They didn't just BS me and say that everything was now fine -- they actually took action. By the time I received their response, the problem was fixed and my users were back to full-speed access. I've had similar good fortune with Andy Hunt and his folks at Pragmatic -- personal responses, sincere actions and quality followup. It's a simple formula that should be taught in business schools because so many companies seem to ignore that a single customer is the fundamental unit of your success (or failure.) I have a little psychology app we developed and it's amazing how surprised users are when you take the time to email them back and respond to their suggestions, complaints or compliments directly. Just from my limited experience with my app users, it would appear that very few companies take a personalized, sincere interest in their users. Nearly every time I've responded to users emails (always within 8 hours, usually within 1,) I get a baffled response expressing appreciation. Excerpt: "Wow! Thanks so much for getting back to me about [my suggestions.] I never expected a response at all, let alone such a nice email. I appreciate it that you'll be incorporating [some my feature requests] into [the app] so quickly." I'm not trying to blow my own horn, but merely illustrate that users are starved of personal respect and a sincere interest in them. Users should expect personal respect and thanks; it shouldn't come as a surprise! 37signals and some of the aforementioned companies (as well as Zappos et al,) are doing it right. Users deserve the best efforts of companies. After all, we serve the user -- not the other way around! At least now we all know where to go for great beer (and we know he has at least 6 glasses with which to serve us!) So perhaps the next HN meet up could be at that dude's house.. :) I'm sure the author of the posting could simply donate to the dev via paypal. It's similar to those "rich" people who are demanding to pay higher taxes. That's a nonsense argument because they can donate to the US Treasury just as a dev could donate to the TextMate guy. I am tired of people suggesting to other people how to spend everyone else's money. If you want to pay more -- do it yourself. For the rest of us, I'll pay what I'm required and donate if I feel so inclined. I'd personally rather donate to the Tiny Wings guy simply because paying $60 for a text editor is fairly steep, if you aren't getting the version 2 update for free. And Tiny Wings has better music. Logic Studio is only $299, compared to a text editor's $60 and Xcode is free. The amount of coding that went into Logic is light years beyond TextMate, but Apple knows that if they charged $1000 for it (a fair price based on feature set, they'd lose more revenue than charging $299.) I'm not a business school guy, but I do know a thing or two about demand elasticity. Try charging $4.99 for an app in the App Store and charge $1.99 -- you'll make more money at $1.99, unless it's some highly niche product; TextMate is far from highly niche. It's ubiquitous. I have paid for TextMate and have no problems doing so, but I'll be damned if some jackass suggests that we should pay more. That's a business decision to be made by the TextMate dev, not some user who likely has very little experience in selling software to the public. No offense to anyone, but based on the posting, it appears that the author has little understanding of demand curves, not to mention contractual agreements. Xcode is my "main development tool." And it was free. What a bullshit article. Complete with photoshop mockups. Might as well be another rumor about the "next" iPad killer or how it would be cool if Vimeo built refrigerators with built-in video screens. I would certainly not even consider using or downloading a FB browser. Last thing I need is to be constantly Zuckerberged. Yeah.. maybe they could team up not only with Bing, but they could revive IE 6. Perhaps even get Active X back in circulation. In just a few short years we can pull the web back into the dark ages. I would likely code all of my pages specifically to display a blue screen if the visitor were using an FB browser. If enough people did that, any Facebook spyware-laced browser would die on the vine. Rock who? Exactly. Facebook wasted their investment. That browser will never get above 5% usage. It would be like Camino. Let's hope so. I would like Typekit to be integrated better with Adobe products, but not at the expense of the core Typekit service. It's interesting that I saw this article in Chinese, on the China Unicom portal this morning. Apparently this is even interesting to the tech watchers in China -- although for the life of me, I can't understand how! This TechCrunch/CrunchFund stuff gets confusing. Is TC a news site and CF a VC? It seems analogous to the New York Times starting NYTFund and then having reporters cover their companies. While I suppose the lines are clear (to someone,) it just seems like there's a lot of Crunch and even more confusion on the part of the unwashed. Maybe I need a shower. Or a big CF investment and a positive TC review to soothe my skepticism. ..America's hat. Completely accurate tokenadult. The official Chinese curriculum still uses the "Fun With English" Oxford books, but American English (as in Korea) is fast becoming the prestige variant. The British version is fading like a vestige of the Opium Wars. Finally! Another bitcoin story makes it to the front page of HN again! It's been a long time. I was beginning to think the HN community has moved on to more important things. When will this Bitcoin nonsense fade away? I think the dollar/yuan situation is far more relevant than some fairy coins nobody uses outside of the World of Warcraft crowd. It's still theft however you slice it. The whole idea of moral offsetting is nonsense. That's like saying that I'm going to steal Oreos from the grocery store but make up for it by buying milk. I would be willing to be 100 downloads of my app that price isn't really the issue on music piracy. If you charged $0.10 per song, it wouldn't result in a massive sales increase. The barrier to paid downloads is that people have to use a credit/debit card, usually register somehow and other things that form a barrier to entry. I think $0.99 isn't much to pay for a song or an app, but there are people (a fairly sizable number) who just want to download without going through the presumed hassle of the payment process. I bet if you were giving away CDs outside of the mall and charged $0.25, people wouldn't think twice about tossing a quarter into the can. Take that same song and put it online and the same people happy to toss you the quarter would rather steal the song than process a payment of 25 cents. The problem isn't price -- it's the barrier of payment. What does this have to do with Hacker News?