For example: flash your own image (without root, you can only flash image signed by T-Mobile/Google/HTC; how good is to have access to source code, if you can't build it and run it on real device?), create VPN connections, write useful bluetooth profiles like DUN (tethering done correctly) or A2DP. What you can do with root access is much longer list than what you can do the Google blessed way. RIL, audio, wifi and accelerometer, to name a few. Additionaly, the entire radio stack is also closed source (it is outside the OS - it runs on separate CPU, is stored separately in ROM and RIL communicates with it using shared memory). Well, welcome to 2002. Symbian/Series60 phones were doing this since then, without any dongle, using application called Psiloc Total irRemote. Do you think that people browsing Dell site are going to type in the ubuntu url? They may never heard of it. On the other hand, Dell is capable to upsell vista with xp. Why are they not capable to offer ubuntu using the same mechanism? People new to computers have no existing assumptions, how the computer should work and in fact have easier time to use Ubuntu than those exposed to XP/Vista previously. Try observing reality around you next time. (Yes, flame, he asked for that. It is amazing what some people are able to rationalize and be rude in the process). Great app, I installed it few weeks ago. But I have a question - do you have some bug tracker, where your users can put bugs and suggestions? I would like to suggest to split the minutes in usage summary by the direction, incoming and outcoming calls separately (in addition to weekdays/weekends as it is now). Well, it is also €15.95. This guy should really investigate others banks, right now he is asking Europeans for $20.70. They left it out for a very good reason. Basically, you have only two ways to notify device on the cellular network about some event: OTA-Push and SMS. OTA-Push is quite nice in it's capabilities, except that you need gateway with your cellular provider (for a fee, of course). The thing with OTA-Push is, that most cell providers didn't implement it since its specification in 2001. The another way to notify the device is sending SMS. They are not exactly cheap either and this may be well the reason, why OTA-Push is not implemented - why to kill the golden goose? There are hacks, that avoid OTA-Push and SMS. You can go ActiveSync route and keep long lived TCP connection open, but look what it will do to your battery. You cannot connect from server to the device. You know only IMSI, but not IP address (that's what OTA-Push is doing: translating IMSI to IP), or the device may even not have IP address or if it has one, it will be behind NAT. So today, you have two choices: killing your battery fast or do with SMS. That is not acceptable to Apple and the networks are not going to change. You better get to live with this situation. Illegal? Yes. Wrong? Not so sure. You should be able to download Queen songs or Steamboat Willie cartoon from the Internet. I see it as a form of civil disobedience against bought law. No matter how many trials the industry goes through, it will be not respected, because it is not balanced. Only if you live in US, or are willing to mess with US proxy. Sadly, most of the world does not live in US and therefore, hulu.com is not an option for them. Torrent is. Turn off location services, that added about one day to my battery. Also, if you have rooted phone, you can try scp (or samba) over wifi. I know, it is not obex over bluetooth, but should be faster. Crap article, intended to put down Russia. It plays on stereotypes and parrots "popular opinion" of Russia. It is opinion article. It does not cite any sources for its data, for example birthrate grows since 2005 (according to CIA factbook). And please stop the vodka/drunken nation thing, the rest of the world does not write articles that British have problem with gin anymore. Actually, the amount of (badly written) PHP code works against PHP in this case. Not due to esthetic or subjective opinions about PHP, but for very pragmatic reason - SQL. AppEngine does not support SQL as we know it, but uses the google database and GQL. Changing that huge amount of PHP with interspersed SQL statements is not worth it. As for now, it supports Python and JVM languages (that includes JRuby). But even for these languages, third party libraries can be a problem. Edit: typo Win32 is full of such inconsistencies, for example: BOOL GetMessage(LPMSG lpMsg, HWND hWnd, UINT wMsgFilterMin, UINT wMsgFilterMax); returns: > If the function retrieves a message other than WM_QUIT, the return value is nonzero. > If the function retrieves the WM_QUIT message, the return value is zero. > If there is an error, the return value is -1. For example, the function fails if hWnd is an invalid window handle or lpMsg is an invalid pointer. To get extended error information, call GetLastError. You don't, unless it really bothers you for some reason. Consider it 'real option' that is available with Linux but not with Windows or OSX. Flash uses Sorenson Video 3, which is derivative of h263. The irony is, that Apple used to exclusively license the SV3 codec for Quicktime (they used to deliver trailers in mov + sv3 + qdm2) and Adobe later licensed the same codec for Flash (later also On2 VP6 and H.264). The point is, that Quicktime has supported the video (except VP6) and audio codecs used by Flash for ages, it just does not support the flv container. If you remultiplex any youtube video into mov container, any stock Quicktime installation will be able to play it. It is not clear at all: submarine patents popping up apply to H.264 too. Both codecs are on equal standing on this issue. However, remember that Apple is a MPEG LA member, so every time someone pays for H.264 license, a cut from the money goes to Apple. Are you programmer/IT guy? If yes, please be aware that the law does not work the way you think it works. For recent example why your theory of parity of exposure is not valid, see Microsoft vs. Alcatel-Lucent. Well, HTML5 is not going to be adopted by tomorrow. The adoption will take longer than the mobile devices lifespan. It means, that if TI/Qualcomm/etc start developing Theora DSPs this year, they will be on the market and in the devices before HTML5 goes mainstream. Standardizing on Theora is pretty good incentive to have it hardware accelerated. The point of the lawsuit I referenced is to clearly demonstrate, that: "Similarly, right now if somebody starts suing over submarine claims on H.264, Apple's not really any worse off than some of the other players." is simply not true. Microsoft properly licensed MP3 format. So did other companies. Lucent sued only Microsoft and not other companies. Patent holders can pick and choose who, when and where they will be suing for infringement. There is no duty to sue all known infringements. Safari supports HTML5 video element, but not HTML5 per se. It is not finished yet. Interestingly, when YouTube supported only Sorenson, Apple didn't care for that and went on ignoring YouTube. Why it is suddenly a problem? You didn't miss anything, it is average Apple-can't-do-wrong fanboi article. To provide counterpoint to your "Once you go Mac you never go...", I did exactly that last month. My previous computer was PB12. Yes, it is dated, but until unibody MBP13 introduction Apple didn't have any other model to replace it. Well, they still don't have anything able to replace it. MBP13 has shiny display, non-replaceable battery etc. Combined with unavailability of next OSX release for PPC, I had to choose what's next. So I got an Thinkpad, that has proper display instead of mirror, easily replaceable batteries and few other perks (you can put a second battery into DVD-RW bay, and it has built-in WWAN card with great antena, oh and the keyboard rules, yay!). Regarding Unix-yness, you can run Linux of your choice either natively or in vmware (I run mine in vmware), and I'm satisfied. I don't care for iLife (I used just iTunes anyway; winamp is OK replacement) or iWork. Things that I do care for are equally well done on Windows and OSX. Writing multi-threaded software in any language, that uses shared state and locking primitives is debugging nightmare. The list of those languages includes not only Python, but Java and C# too. If the GPL version is enough, then yes, it is free. But the free as a beer binary is not free for his purposes. Sadly no, MBP15 has also 6-bit TN display. Well, there are very few notebooks with other than TN displays. Thinkpads used to have IPS, but since the introduction of latest generation (T400, T500), they have TN too. For a very short list, see a poster above ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=706579 ), he mentions one HP, one Lenovo model with optional IPS (W in series designation means workstation) and one Sony model. The iPhone is not cheap in US. Yes, you don't pay $700/€500 upfront, but you will pay the amount through duration of the contract and by losing the option to switch carriers during the next year or two. The cost is the same, just hidden. Not really true, in my corner of woods (EU), top of line T400 (LED display, P9500, hybrid graphics, 3G/HSPA modem etc) is cheaper than cheapest unibody Macbook (13). Wondered about that too. Windows shops are vary of writing functionality, that might one day compete with Microsoft. Writing net Tomcat/JBoss could clash with IIS and future frameworks. Something like this happened with nant/msbuild and nunit/mstest. Commercial companies find it difficult to justify development of tools with high risk of being obsolete soon (something competing with MS product does not stand a chance in most Windows shops). Apache projects do not care about this risk. It is. or go to about:config and set browser.urlbar.richResults to false. No, maxRichResults and richResults are separate preferences. See also: http://kb.mozillazine.org/Browser.urlbar.richResults and http://kb.mozillazine.org/Browser.urlbar.maxRichResults > Servers: ~$2000 per production box. That's Small Business Server, which comes with production licenses for SQL Server, Exchange Server, and pretty much all the backend stuff you could want. Only if you don't plan to grow beyond 50 CALs. Then it skyrockets. Yes, in the options field. Debug symbols do not impact speed in any way. They just take up disk space (and are used when needed, i.e. not during normal operation). There may be other settings that do impact the performance, but they are not debug symbols. Someone has to handle DOM part too. If you are writing your own widget wrapper (if you are subclassing UIObject or Widget, and I imagine that the Wave team is doing this), you will also have to handle cross-browser compatibility. If you don't nullify every reference, then the instance really should not be garbage collected, as it is not garbage yet. You should rather consider your application, where you are storing references and whether it is really needed (often better strategy is to make clone of the instance and treat it as disposable). Modern garbage collectors traverse the object graph and dispose everything, that is not in the graph - meaning, that closed chain of object with circular references is not a problem - they will get gc'ed. Accessing null reference does not give NullPointerException, ever. Dereferencing it does. Time. The govt gives out X/year, not the final amount X. When they want it back, it comes from different 'tranches'. This ensures, that there is always debt. Money has value only if there is debt and you must use some to get out of it. Why would you need it otherwise? Well, support for unix-style line ends would not hurt... My memories of Aquamacs are full of fighting with the thing to do what I wanted. It was overriding everything I customized in my .emacs. About the only positive thing I found about it was the ability to run in full-screen mode (something that ntemacs is still unable to do). I would like to ask you: How? Microsoft managed to support Unicode in Notepad, starting in Windows 2000; the heuristic used when detecting character sets is fragile and has potential to break what used to work (mostly opening readmes anyway). How would support for Unix style line ending break legacy software? Monoculture, Apple branding and Apple control. I'm not that these things missing on Android are bad thing, though. Your argument would be more valid when comparing for example the PPC32 to PPC64, but for IA32 vs AMD64 you are missing: - IA32 is register starved ISA, AMD64 is not. It has doubled the amount of general registers. - AMD64 doesn't have to support the x87 FPU baggage. As a result, it is simpler to deal with fp math. Not only that, Android applications respond to event like "you are about to be killed, please serialize your state" or "please restore your state", something that "classic" linux applications do not support. Android is not typical linux - it is not supposed to run on devices with gigabytes of fast memory running off AC outlet. When your memory bandwith is two orders of magnite lower, you have 128MB of it (on G1, 64MB of memory is used by the radio) and you are on battery, putting GNU system there would be not very smart - if you want something usable and with battery life longer than few hours, that is. You are now in the excitement phase about your new toy. Check back in few months, after you know that there are other things, that are broken in OSX. The keyboard problem on Thinkpads T400/T500 was solved in october 2008 - three months after introducing them and more than year ago. I've used OSX since 10.0 up to 10.5 and classic MacOS before that. I've never upgraded to 10.6 and do not plan to do so (I got Thinkpad and Windows last summer). I remember times when dlopen/dlsym didn't work (later it did); never managed to build some command line utilities and other required porting effort; macports was never functioning properly; Aquamacs ignored my customizations; was there X11.app release that did work at all?; no jdk6 for ppc; etc. From proprietary side: you could have either Office 2004 for PPC running in emulation and working macros and custom language dictionaries; or intel Office 2008 without these two things. Since switching to OSX, the Adobe suite got worse and has distinct second-class feel compared to windows version. I had some favourite software, that was originaly developed for classic MacOS (both m68k and ppc) and it does not work on modern Macs. Even software that was updated for OSX does not work, because the installer is for classic and then the updater updates the program to carbon (or whatever) version. With every switch in OSX focus there is software that is getting lost (with switch to intel, we lost some. With switch to 64b, we will lose more due to no Carbon). In short, in all those years I was using OSX I got fed up and made a full circle (dos/windows -> linux -> mac -> windows). Codename for specific version. Android 1.5 = Cupcake Android 1.6 = Donut Android 2.0 = Eclair I had hangup-on-resume experience on powerbook too. Not very often, about once a month. It was quite annoying.