I remember realizing that I could use JavaScript to fake include()s so I wouldn't have to update every page on my crappy middle school website. Don't use your gmail (ebay, paypal, ...) password for ANYTHING else. For some reason, it thinks I'm not in America. I'm a guy, and I couldn't care less about the NBA, Howard Stern, or James Bond trivia without spraining something. What exactly IS "girl stuff"? The article didn't mention a single example of what a "girl link" is, except jokingly mentioning a few sexist ideas. No more hurtful than seeing current species stuck in a zoo. Clutching a clump of mammoth hair and watching a count-down from inside a teleporter booth. It would make sense to me that every cell in your body is in a polygamist marriage, which is you, which can in turn marry other things. But does that mean that your liver cell is married to your partner's brain cell? Not at all. What this means is that marriages are potential partners as well! Model that. I strongly disagree with his opinions, too; I went to see him speak, and it was a great presentation until the end where he somehow spiralled off into a tirade about gay marriage killing society. But I don't care. He writes (mostly) great books and he'll keep getting my money so long as he keeps it up. A customer decided they wanted each order placed on their site to have an 4-character alphanumeric designation. It took surprisingly little time to encounter "SH1T" during testing. You're besieged by idiots on all side. What else is there to do but drink? It's still pretty impressive, and puts us one step closer to my dream of having a camera with me wherever I go, ready at a moment's notice. I think that largely depends on what type of website they are working on. I think the majority of our clients' users are still on IE. 6. :( Ever since a high school teacher busted me for starting an end-of-term paper only three days prior, I've always copied the final copies of any documents I've had to submit anywhere into a clean document created the morning the submission was due. I'm glad that the habit I learned still has value past high school & college. You noticed someone's shoes? You're not one of us... We've all seen Speed! You could just put that on a loop. The rolling TV screen is less important than the rolling camera. Or perhaps just 45 seconds of a baby crying or nails on a chalk board? I'm 100% certain that I'd find a way to make one of these explode when I sat down, covering my wallet, money and ID in a sticky mess. Which would make it pretty tough to get into bars. Methamphetamines, man. Wouldn't it be easier to use a different browser instead of creating multiple accounts? With the limit of one burger per customer, the maximum value is (users * whopper_cost), bringing the ceiling to 360 million dollars. It should actually be a little less, since at some point there will only be 9 users who will have missed out on the flurry of unfriending, like victims of a fattening ponzi scheme. Except the assembly-line environment worked great in its context. 5540905. Can't believe I remembered that. It sort of rhymes in my head. I remember my number, but not any of my old phone numbers or addresses. Sometimes I forget my own birthday. Swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket and reflected the light from Venus. Obviously. Eh, I already saw this in the season finale of Reboot. I'm pretty sure we need to find Hexadecimal. I don't know about e-mail - I've been locked out of several accounts, and have had a few scary false-positives with my spam filter. On the other hand, I doubt any spam is going to come from a .gov domain... Trying to upvote a game didn't do anything - the number didn't change, I didn't see any message telling me something went wrong - just nothing. At that point, I got bored and left. I'm more interested in how to make that damn chime stop chiming whenever I turn on my Macbook. People have suggested that I mute it every time I shut down. This is asinine, and doesn't help me if I have to do a hard-shutdown. Monaco 10 over here. Using 13 makes me feel like grandma. I always loved Flashblock for Firefox not so much to save bandwidth/CPU, but to make sure that wherever I go, jackasses can't spam me with retarded videos and annoying background music. I grew up in Moscow, Russia, and was taking the bus and subway by myself from quite an early age; I left there at 10, so it must have been several years before then. (I know it's not Japan, but wanted to point out that this was done even in what some might consider to be a western-yet-scary part of the world.) I think the sad thing is that there are spoiled teenagers in America who don't truly become independent until well into their twenties. But that's like rumors of America's obesity - yes, there may be a problem there, but we aren't literally drowning in basement-dwelling twenty year olds or other people's flab. Local backups and a few offsite backups, too. Recently paranoia has hit, and I'm planning on storing everything that I hold dear in at least two online locations and two local ones. I wonder how many families in India have a TV. Yes, we are a perennially screwed socio-economic subset in that regard. Why the strong refusal? Does he have a blog? I think as HN gets bigger, it'll become more and more like reddit. You either have to learn to live with idiots (like me, I'll admit) or you gotta keep island-hopping. After reading The Daily WTF (and assuming those stories are at least 80% truth), these sorts of tales don't really surprise me. If the economy collapsed tomorrow, where would you get your food? Would you starve to death first, or attempt to murder your next door neighbor, who lives alone, to feed your family? Would he kill you first? ... and then some conscientious time traveler goes back in time and tightens up the truck's brakes a little ... I'd hate the hassle much more than spending the $300. Suddenly, blackmail is a legitimate business strategy. My only advice is to go for B's. A will be too suspicious. Well, at least it knows where it is. 403 error. Yes, you'd really need siblings who came from the same parents, yet were separated at birth. My stepfather has said a few times that he wishes he had taken the "further" option. I'm not sure if I ever want kids, but something about freezing my sperm and getting a vasectomy worries me. A fire at the sperm bank, and my genetic legacy is lost forever. (Of course I could go in for a reversal, but those don't always take, etc., etc.) Like the pilot said, though, it was only incredible luck that left him alive. I doubt that your odds are significantly improved or decreased by where you're sitting if your supersonic airplane falls apart around you.