They should spend one hour to have HTTPS on their front-page though. Good luck explaining to the average Tesla driver that his cars did pollute a lot. I tried to explain once that the "zero emission" label on the Nissan Leaf is misleading because building a car makes emissions. I do think electric car are a good solution where developing public transports would have a higher (environmental) cost, but building cars pollutes. That's your opinion but anyway a Leaf will still emit when it's moving. Indirectly with the production of the energy, which can be very low in countries such as France or Norway, and directly with brakes dust even though the electric regen reduces that a lot, and particles from the tires. The "zero emission" label is on the back on the car, maybe they should use something else for their marketing. You are right and I totally agree with you. I do have an electric car and I would never buy anything not electric anymore as long as I can afford it. I just want to point out that buying a new car is not saving the planet, and you are not neutral when you drive an electric car. It's much better than anything else so far though. Better than hydrogen too. About the hybrids, I personally think the same than Carlos Tavares, president of PSA, who said to the French government that hybrids are only a temporary solution because two motors systems is one too many for cost reasons, when batteries will become cheaper. The Model S and Model X are aluminum so the rust isn't a big problem. Parts availability perhaps more. We will see how the cheaper Tesla in steel like the Model 3 will do over time but if they hold well, they may be a good cheap car in 10 years or more. In Norway, where the number of Tesla per habita is very high, the average car age is about 10 years. Also, it's likely that the batteries will get a second life as home energy storage when no one would want to keep the car running anymore. It's a very interesting article. I'm also impressed by such dedication. Hashing the strings from the decompiled APK to easily debug the protocol in Wireshark is inspiring. On the topic of using a BMW with you phone without being frustrated, some people put a third-party box between the screen and the car infotainment computer to get Android Auto. I heard the experience isn't perfect. Personnally I use Google Assistant and I think it works relatively well. I can use it to get directions, make the sound of random animals, change radio, play music on Spotify... To trigger it, you can long press the voice command button on the steering wheel. Look at the health-care situation in Europe. It would be interesting to have an independent study of the system, perhaps qualitative. Reading the other comments, not everyone is convinced by the idea and having scientific data may help. If the data hurts, that's life. This looks slightly better. It's also a bit more in the uncanny valley in my humble opinion. No way this is GDPR compliant. They used to have a great reputation in France about 20 to 15 years ago. It went downhill since, the company got sold and they started to sell expensive and slow cloud services, a bit like Amazon with less success. Ethnicity. Depending on how the electricity is produced in your area and whether you use the heat for home heating, it may be better for the climate to simply turn these computer off. SuperTux and Gnome Mines! I don't get it either. A touchscreen is very nice to have on a laptop. You may not use it everyday, but it's very convenient especially to develop touch applications. Thankfully, Lenovo and Huawei have good offers. Many EVs have a good enough range and more than good enough performances. Sure a ipace or etron don't drive as far as a equivalent Tesla, but sometimes you don't need that. Also, we are many to love the i3 look. It's a matter of tastes. I understand you well. However, it's a lot simpler when you can't afford or justify buying the fancy car. I bought an used electric car with a tiny range to commute and every time I did long trips with it I wished I got a Tesla with a five times bigger battery. But then I think about it, I do not regret not spending the money on a Model S, renting a long range car a few times a year, and buying a bigger flat with the money I saved. For French speakers, France Inter has a great playlist without ads when they are on strike. When it's not the strike season or if you have more precise tastes, FIP is nice too. You don't get rich by saving at maximum a few hundred euros/dollars per month. It depends on the seller. Aliexpress will do something if you can't find an agreement with the seller after many days. Some sellers are just stupid. You want to work for companies that use this service? The French butchers also have something a bit different : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louch%C3%A9bem I wonder whether Google Maps takes into account the various ways of transportation, such as bicycles, public transports, or electric cars driving on the bus lines. With many of these online services, you aren't paying for the hosting costs but for the services. The http server died too. >…a simple command like: > git convert-repo --to-hash=sha-256 --frobnicate-blobs --climb-subtrees --liability-waiver=none --use-shovels --carbon-offsets Is it sarcasm ? I may be wrong but I think it's too risky to put so much value into crypto currencies before we have a proof that P≠NP. I also hope that P=NP. Can you start a ICE vehicle remotely? I thought it was mostly a EV thing, some people have aftermarket kits. I don't know what my partner will think about my mental health if I sing the happy birthday song twice every time I wash my hands. I try to run `npm-check -u` at least once a week. It takes some time when a dependency has a breaking change or a project that I don't trust to respect semantic versioning is updated and I have to check its git diff, but in practice my projects have up to date dependencies without much efforts. This has improved so much since the last time I checked it. It's interesting to see so high quality on image generation using neural networks, while text generation using gpt2, which seems a lot easier at first, is glorified nonsense. It really depends. Some people want good gaming performances, an easy to upgrade or fix laptop, or simply a touch screen. It's not about the amount, it's about sending a message. It's in the news, it's a lot more expensive for Apple. For the record, the name of the place "Contamines-Montjoie" can mean "Contaminated-JoyMountain" in French. I don't know for your country but in France we are asked to call and to not go to the doctor or the hospital. One doctor got contaminated by a patient. I don't know if McDonald's food is that expensive. I would expect that most of the costs are the employees, the building, and the equipment. Why trying to become rich? Once you have enough money to have a great quality of life without stress, having more money isn't improving much your happiness. Sometimes it makes it worse. However trying to become rich can be very difficult, tiresome, and disappointing. True. I guess "rich" because you can pay your family bills and have the hobbies you love and "rich" in "rich and famous" don't mean the same kind of wealth. No, a normal job is enough to be happy in most societies in my humble opinion. Sure being rich is nice, you can do more things than most people. My point is that you will probably never be rich. The concept of rich people is to be more healthy than most people. So you should probably not have a shitty lifestyle because you want to be one of them but you aren't succedding. If you enjoy trying, good for you. Ambition and creativity is different than wanting to be rich. A researcher usually does not care about money but would love the frontpage of Nature or a Nobel price. A musician is usually more thinking about its art and the people than the sales. A politician wants power. Lots of examples. Saving the world and making the society better with a lot of money is good, but thankfully rich people are not the only solution. You have unemployment and more than enough time to find a new job. And let's say you don't find one, the state will still give you enough money for you to survive. Maybe you will have to reduce your lifestyle and be unhappy for some time but there is no need to seek to be rich just to prevent an unlikely future. The spouse can work, we are not in the 1960s anymore. But even if she does not work, you can have a happy life in many Europeans countries. It's true, I haven't experienced a recession. I rather take the risk of having a hard time during a recession than having a hard time my whole life though. Why a SUV though? They have a tendency to flip more easily. It's definitely better than the original using Markov chains. It fits very well this use case, and in my opinion only this use case. GPT2 is still very random and quite stupid. You start it with your love for your girlfriend as a context, she becomes a cam girl into hard core anal two paragraphs later. You start with religion, "Muslims must be exterminated". You start with software and you get a description of non existent hardware with instructions about how to setup a VPN in the middle. You start with news, and you can read than China supports the Islamic state. That's cool because it has more context than Markov chains which usually have only 3 words of context, but it's still a long way to go before I trust anything generated by this kind of algorithm. Sorry I didn't think one could interpret it like this, this was inappropriate indeed. I edited. Time to replace the battery? Bookmyname is pretty low level and it looks like nothing has been updated for 20 years but it's cheap, and it works https://www.bookmyname.com/?wl=en The Peugeot 1007 or the Renault Avantime did explore the two doors minivans concept, without much success. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peugeot_1007 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renault_Avantime