Forget notoriety. University football generates a ton of money, and since we live in a capitalist society, the people in profit centers tend to get paid a lot than people in cost centers. If you have an email account somewhere with spamassassin, send some mails there, then look at the headers to see how SA scores you. Fix what's indicated and repeat. Not a 100% solution but it helps. Interesting bug here - the ip in the link is 209.85.173.104. The address of the site shown after the link in brackets is 104.173.85.209. I found the article to be pretty bad. It made me think of Marc Andreesen's critique of the Economist predictions - this one struck me as a technologist writing about non-technology, and badly at that. "On average, tappers expected listeners to get it right about half the time." Clearly the tappers were morons, because the minute I read that sentence it seemed off by several factors of magnitude. Both digg and reddit have karma systems so that each vote is not equal. I think that as a social news site grows (or any community), you have to subdivide the community somehow - essentially create a collection of niche sites. Who cares? I don't mean to be flippant, this just seems like the definition of something that only matters to a lot of self-important bloggers. That big 3rd paragraph seems to be the center of bogosity. "Her comparison helps to delineate differences between the two groups and provides a useful format for discussions." Translated that means - this is some bogus education theory that has no scientific basis behind it, and if you take action based on it, then whatever mess you create is your own fault. I had to take a survey course on education research during my postgrad days - the first thing the prof said was that basically education is a research ghetto where every half-baked methodology, and every bit of post-modern drivel can find a home. The "get your contacts from external sites" script may be a violation of the other TOSs, but more importantly it's a violation of your contacts' privacy. They didn't say you could give their info to facebook. They forgot to mention the rampant age discrimination. Why would any intelligent person go into a career where you basically become unemployable at 40? It's hard for me to come up with examples that would be relevant to you and that I can talk about, probably because it is illegal in the US (so they're careful). When I lived in Europe I would do a lot of telephone interviews, and in general people were impressed, but invariably they would end with "We just need one more thing - we need your date of birth for our records." I'd give that and there would be no callback. Once I lied about my birth date (a friend had told me that european laws allowed that). It resulted in the first offer I got during that search. The company I worked for (in Europe) at that time asked if they could put my age down as 39 (I was 40 at the time) on their about page. I can't really say that my latest experience was entirely about age, but it was unpleasant. Google my name (Owen Byrne) and it will be obvious. I built a fairly prominent website. Chances are you've heard of my "co-founders." but not me. Oh, hell. Lawyers ain't going to do anything about me mentioning the site. http://digg.com . You have probably heard of it. I was kinda shocked back in business school to learn that the age of an entrepreneur is a significant factor in success - the older you are the more likely you are to succeed. The explanation was that you have more contacts, more experience, and more money. That being said, there's probably no better way to increase your chances of success than failing miserably, preferably several times. The canonical example is Ray Kroc, who took over a little company called "McDonalds" starting at age 53. 47, co-founder, digg.com. Correct me if I'm wrong but hasn't "Comet" been around for ages? - the only change is that someone has put a catchy name to it. Or is it something more than using iframes to keep a connection open to the server and stream live data over that connection? Gotta give two thumbs up to that first point. I completely underestimated how emotional I am, and how much that interfered with my work. "Choose math because you will make more money." I could rant at length, but instead I'll just quote Greenspun: "Adjusted for IQ, quantitative skills, and working hours, jobs in science are the lowest paid in the United States." http://philip.greenspun.com/careers/women-in-science High school math starts you down that road. Other parts of his argument are better. digg.com got $50k from the founder of textamerica.com. We did some cross-linking at the time. Before that it was all Kevin's savings. He was a programmer once. Because we all say that. Many many times. I drove a Suzuki Swift (same car as the Metro) for a decade. Cost me $10k (Canadian back when they were cheap), never spent a cent to maintain it. Gas, I never noticed actually spending money on it ;-) It wasn't the cheapest configuration, though, it had 4 cylinders (as opposed to 3) and 14" inch tires instead of 13". I think the bandwidth problem can be addressed by learning about your router and blocking (or go meet and make friends with) the neighbour stealing it. But not blocking out casual users - ubiquitous bandwidth is the goal. I love the sentiment -- both subversive and welcoming -- like the best of the hippies. All you need is love! Though somewhere down the road, when the hippie experience turns into Altamont, is every person with a home network going to have a privacy policy? Will we all have to buy the same software the hotels and airports use just to avoid liability? For example, what happens if two people connect to your home network both without your knowledge, one does something bad involving your network and the other person's computer? Serial killer bad? Giant liability bills ensue. All too much. Make people engage, then engage them again, maybe one more time for the late comers, they'll find the signup. VCs like registered users, but if you do things right, and make it easy for users to register when they want to, they're an inevitable result of page views. I don't know. Are they? Putting it into a more emotionally charged version for us all - you can do a startup on your own and sell it for $1 million. Or you can be partners with someone who will do no work and take all the credit, but then the company will sell for $110 million, of which you will get 1% or $1.1 million. It's the VC value proposition ;-) Seems to me that recession == unemployment. I'd make a guess that contributing to open source is attractive to unemployed people because it's a good way to "audition" for a job. So I'd vote for "yes." Nice article as far as it goes. I've always felt that the productivity of all developers is affected greatly by all the other mundane tasks that surround the programming - communications, deployment, answering the phone, logging in, futzing in general - and that they are much better targets for productivity improvement. That's why I find the recent rails vs. php deployment discussion very interesting. I've been working on a django app for a while, and while I enjoy the language and framework, I suspect any (slim) productivity increase I have gained will be negated by the deployment. you need to validate the input more. Not including a site gave me an ugly error message. Learnings? From looking at his site, it doesn't appear that english is his second language. Lots of stuff on valleywag about jobster, e.g. http://valleywag.com/tech/startup-hell/jobsters-death-march-... How is that different from the "comments" link? Other than you don't have to login. I used to love the National Enquirer ;-) I love Valleywag too. I think that the "eyeball" model is fine, as long as you're not spending too much money to get those eyeballs, which was the problem with web 1.0. Debian I met Chris McKinstry in Winnipeg, Canada in 1995. I was not very impressed - he wanted to start a course on linux sysadmin or something... - with me doing pretty well everything except collecting the money... and he couldn't even organize it properly. He struck me as a scammer, though obviously it's only a thin line between that and "Internet entrepreneur." Great stuff. I'd buy the e-book except I hate e-books. Wonder if there is a real book available? 11. Don't ask for overtime ;-) It's all about networking, I guess. I've met Scoble a few times, he seemed to make the proper assessment in that in his world I'm not very important - I'm just a programmer. It's all about PR, too. Oh, and I hope that I made the proper assessment too. He doesn't really matter in my world. I got mentioned! Yay! The real digg office is the irc channel. With remote people and weird hours, that's where most of the work (and water cooler talk) happens. I missed a large part of grade 10 because of moving and travelling. When time came to register for school (in Montreal, Quebec) the public school system wanted me to repeat grade 10 because I had missed so much. I and my parents found a private school that had entrance exams, and they let me take both the grade 10 and grade 11 exams. Passed the grade 11 one, and went right into grade 11. I think Youtube doesn't belong here, the motivation and process to create and post a video are quite different from posting a link. He also forgot about flickr (though he has a flickr photo stream) and stumbleupon - 2 Canadian companies that had successful exits. I'm reminded of the Niels Bohr quote (which I can't find now) about how Quantum Physics overcame Newtonian Physics in academia - something to the effect of "we waited till all those who believed in Newtonian Physics died." Big companies are like that - nearly impervious to change. They won't change -- they'll die. They're dying now. Before it was a rumor. This time there's an actual official looking document outlining the offer on MS's website. I think that qualifies as "different." The original article accused Canadians of being too concerned with "proving themselves to their big brother." I would just like to point to the following blog post: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/digg-heat-map.html to show why we do that. The article basically makes the assertion that most digg users are American, because most of the signups happen during times where Americans are at work. Not like there is another country sharing those same timezones. Shouldn't Clayton Bellmor's say ? (class instead of id, hyphen instead of underscore). I guess maybe he's saying he's unique. Ray Kurzweil has been milking the AI teat for a very long time. He's a futurist without much future. I got to this part (well in): "Sweden is a file sharer's heaven. Its laws protect internet service providers from being sued for what passes through their networks, which gives them little incentive to turn downloaders over to groups like the R.I.A.A. or the M.P.A.A." and I thought the article is kind of interesting once you get past the smarmy bullshit. But at that particular part the bullshit seemed to overflow the container. I'm reasonably sure that in most countries, including the USA, ISPs are protected from being sued for what passes over their networks. I did read the rest of the article. Some of us read for fun, and his writing is fun! What you describe as "irrelevant" others of us see as "exposition." He follows a fairly well established tradition of using stuff unrelated to programming to illustrate programming (see Joel Spolsky and Philip Greenspun for more irrelevancies). I've lived in the US, and I had to look at the dollar bills I happen to have in my wallet. Green, yes, but did they add other colors recently? Not a very foreigner-friendly question. The problem with technical questions, is that no matter how simple, people here will argue about the correct answer ;-). Unless we just give up and say that "It depends" is always correct. This may sound weird, but I've come to prefer lying face-down on the floor with a laptop in front of me. I think it's because that's how I did homework as a kid (in front of the TV). So my ideal office would have to support that.