I've been programming for about 17 years and here's what I tell my students: Every program has 2 goals: To explain to the computer what you want it to do, and to explain to people what you want the computer to do. Good code is readable and correct. The first time you encounter a problem, your first idea of how to solve it will be awful. This is true no matter how long you spend thinking about it, no matter how much experience you have. The best workflow involves thinking, then coding, then thinking, then throwing away most of your code and doing it better. You can't find the flaws in an implementation while its in your head - you need to see it on the screen before you can fix it. Your second implementation will generally be better. The best code I've written I've iterated on 3-4 times until it looks simple and obvious. Unit tests will help you iterate - write them before / just after your first attempt at the code. Then when you rewrite the code you'll have confidence that you haven't broken it. You're not writing poetry. Sometimes your code is hard to read because you're doing a simple thing in a complex way. Other times your code is hard to read because its algorithmically complicated. In the second case, spreading the algorithm out over lots of places will make it almost impossible to understand. So, don't stress out when you can't make your code into a haiku. Sometimes you can't - but you should try anyway. The best way to learn what good and bad code looks like is to read code. At first, reading code will be harder than writing it. You should do it anyway. Your own code is ok, but other people's code is better. Pick an opensource library you use and try and figure out how you would write it. Then read the code and see how they did it. Their method might be worse than yours. - But remember, their project is successful anyway. It sounds like the information density of a given syllable is decided subjectively. The subjective measurements are probably not proportional. It makes sense - Imagine if you're tasked with giving a numerical value for how much information is in a sentence. Working through the sentence syllable by syllable and picking an arbitrary 'information score' of each syllable, then adding the information scores together won't get you a particularly good result. The conclusion of the article (that all languages transmit data at the same rate) is supported by the research, but not proved by it. I suspect that if you read the paper, the researchers wouldn't make it sound so conclusive. It sounds like you're not looking for a bold choice; you're looking for language innovation to stop. The only widely accepted for loop syntax is the C-style for loop, which was invented 40 years ago and is vastly inferior to for..in loops, ruby's .each / .each_index and python's list comprehensions. That says nothing of generics[1]. The reality is, we can make much better languages today than Java or C#. [1] http://weblogs.java.net/blog/arnold/archive/2005/06/generics... I totally agree with your premise. I used to work at google, and every time I go back there / talk to my old friends it breaks my heart a little. That said, you've made two claims in your post: 1. All groups will get worse over time 2. Therefore, we should keep government as small as possible The refutation to the argument is that many other modern democracies have (proportionally) bigger governments than the US. These countries certainly get advantages from big governments (like social welfare, decent education systems, state sponsored medical attention, etc) but don't seem to pay much of a cost for it. As an Australian citizen, I will get paid a dole if I can't find work, all my important medical expenses are covered or heavily subsidised, our schools are decent everywhere, and so on. My taxes are a bit higher than yours, but not unreasonably so. I suspect the important difference might just be scale - Australia has just 20M people. Most European countries have similar sizes. Maybe if the US were lots of small countries instead it would work better? Its hard to tell... With redis, all your data must fit in RAM on your server(s). It really depends on how much data your application uses (and how much you expect it to use as you grow). The number of users who sign up in the first couple weeks after a google product goes live isn't predictive of the success of the product. Buzz had 'tens of millions' [1] of users checking it out in the first week after it launched, and wave had well over a million users try it out. Looking at search traffic isn't quite as good as user traffic, but its still interesting. Here's search traffic for buzz, plus and wave on the same graph: http://www.google.com/trends?q=google+plus%2C+google+buzz%2C... This is the search traffic graph of a healthy product (google maps): http://www.google.com/trends?q=google+maps&ctab=0&ge... [1] http://gmailblog.blogspot.com/2010/02/millions-of-buzz-users... > 3) do the exercises that seem incredibly futile in the second chapter, and do them over and over and over and over all your career. I got halfway through that paragraph thinking it was crap because it didn't apply to programming, then realised that you're absolutely right. In programming, the thing we do every day is we write tiny algorithms to do simple things. The abstractions come and go, but the simple "I need to remove a trailing slash on this string" sort of problems are (to me) the everyday practices. Everything else falls out of those little problems - the need for abstraction, the need for tools, the need for tests, the need for libraries, etc. Imagine I offer you two applicants. They're both fresh out of collage applying for an engineering role. The first one has never heard of MVC and has never actually used TDD. But you ask him to implement a binary search on a whiteboard and he goes to town. The other one will happily explain all the details of the visitor pattern, but when you ask him to manually reverse a string in his favorite language, he can't do it. I don't know about you, but I'd hire the first programmer in a heartbeat. Its much easier to learn design patterns when you know how to code than the other way around. Maybe its the same with shading in art, and scales in music. But, thats definitely how it works with programming. I had the pleasure of missing Ted's original post. I read it before this one, and it was pretty misinformed. I could write a similar article arguing that assembly is useless because it takes so much code to implement a web server using it. If your server runs in a single thread AND you do expensive calculations per request, you're doing it wrong. You should be caching results, and you need to either move the processing work to a backend server (written in C or something) or shard the frontend across a lot of cores (multiple processes / webworkers). In any of these configurations, nodejs will work great on the front end. But, most of Ted's post was needless bile. The argument he made isn't justified by the evidence he gave. Don't bother trying to argue with him, its not worth your time. There are nodejs web worker implementations to help with that kind of problem: https://github.com/pgriess/node-webworker If you use webworkers for cpu-intensive tasks (like fib), nodejs will perform just as well as all the other web frameworks out there. I used that to make a demo for my realtime collaborative editing library: http://sharejs.org/wiki/HackerNews The rendered markdown updates live for you and everyone else viewing the page! I did some benchmarks a few years ago playing around with different techniques in C#. If you spin up a thread for each connection, and the connections are short lived, the time spent spinning up a thread will dominate the time spent communicating on the socket. Event loops perform much better than one-thread-per-connection in simple web services because they don't have the extra thread overhead. Its no accident the hello world app on nodejs.org is this sort of service. But by far the fastest technique I found was to use a thread pool and an event loop together. When there was any work to do (new connection or new data), I scheduled the next available thread from a thread pool to do the work. This technique requires that you deal with both callback hell and thread synchronization. But, its blazing fast. Way faster than you can get with a single nodejs process. The code is also many times more complicated, so it really depends on what you're doing. Despite knowing how to make a super high performance server, I do most of my work in nodejs. - It performs fine in most applications. I really like that quote too, but that doesn't make it true. Being able to freely develop software on all the CPUs I own isn't an essential freedom. I'm aware of Stallman's advocacy on free software issues, but (completely honest question), what else does the Free Software Foundation do ? Software is at a point where its basically impossible to make anything useful without opensource software. Proprietary code is a minority in my stack both as a developer and as a user. Proprietary software is often good before opensource software is good, but consistently opensource implementations eventually outpace their proprietary counterparts. We saw this trend first with UNIX -> Linux. Today, just reading this webpage I'm using Chrome (Chromium + WebKit) which communicates via POSIX to the BSD network stack in my kernel (Darwin). The browser has been compiled with either GCC or LLVM. Hackernews is probably hosted on nginx / apache behind varnish or something, running on linux. In short, I feel like the opensource movement has already won. Aside from RMS's crusade against software patents, how is the FSF still relevant? > In fact, if VM is not much faster, why would they have it at all? Google hasn't made dart so we can make our web apps faster . They made dart because there's a lot of java developers at google who believe that its easier to write monolithic javascript applications (GMail, G+, etc) using a language like java. They believe it enough that they will try to convince others to follow suit. I compiled that code with the google closure compiler. I used advanced optimisations for dead code removal. The result is 94% smaller - 32k, or 9k gzipped. A 32k overhead could be absorbed by most large web applications without being noticed. http://closure-compiler.appspot.com/code/jscd4ddca10c0a518fc... As I understand it, dart isn't trying to be a faster javascript. Its trying to be a better GWT. Many googlers I've spoken to firmly believe that you need a strongly typed, OO language with good tooling to be able to develop any large application. They believe web apps are no exception. Google has worked hard adding types to javascript with the closure compiler. But, there are limits to what you can achieve using javascript. Comfortable programming in the large is the main value proposition of Dart. Expect to see good developer tools, debuggers, profilers and server-side runtime environments for Dart appearing over the next few years. (Disclaimer: I don't share this view) Early versions of wave ran on IE7. The problem wasn't HTML feature support, it was a lack of engineering time. In the leadup to the IO announcement, the client team dropped IE support in order to get wave ready for the demo. Dropping IE support was supposed to be temporary, but everybody was too busy to fix it. "Just tell people to install Chrome frame" was the regular excuse. It was being worked on when wave was finally cancelled. Every time I tell an engineer that I worked on the wave team, I'm greeted with the same response: "Oh, Wave! You know, the real problem with wave was X". And then I stop listening, and tell them this: I have heard that for all the values of X. Here are the most common: - It was too hard to use / I didn't know what to do with it - It didn't integrate with email / didn't have email notifications - It didn't support IE - I started using it, but none of my friends were using it, so I stopped - It was too slow Too late, the team spent a bunch of time talking to actual users and finding out how they were using the product and what their real pain points were. People use wave to communicate in small teams. IIRC the biggest pain point our users cited was that wave didn't support printing. The people who did get over the adoption hurdle ended up using wave a lot . (I still wonder if maybe wave might have survived if we had charged for it.) Wave died because we were too slow to make it good. The code base consists of around 1M lines of java. With 1M lines of code, you need a giant team to get anything done, and a giant team working hard on features tends to add even more code. The wave team burned too much money too fast. And we were still working too slowly to get explosive user growth. It made lots of people sad, but Google was right to kill wave. If I could go back in time and give advice to the team, I would say: - Don't use Java - Don't scale past a few engineers. You will have a much longer runway that way, and you'll need it if you want to replace email. - The network effect will kill you unless you integrate with email from day 1. - You don't know what you're building, so talk to users early. Like, today. - Don't optimise for scalability until you know what the product is supposed to be - Don't try and reinvent the scrollbar, you idiots. (So much stabbing.) Every line of code adds spec inertia. Java makes you write a lot of code, which makes it super hard to redesign your project when you pivot on features. Java works fine in enterprise software written against a strong spec. But wave never had a strong spec - It was an experiment. Inevitably, we spent a lot of time making the wrong thing. We needed to be able to change wildly based on user feedback. We needed a light, nimbler language which would let us pivot easily and throw away code. ... And you optimise for a changing spec with a small team and a terse codebase. Today I would recommend Coffeescript, Rails or Scala. Maybe even Go. A few years ago, Ruby, python or C++. Erlang, clojure or haskell would probably work too, depending on the team. It would take more than a couple weeks, but 10-50k LOC sounds about right. Since leaving google, I've rewritten wave's concurrent editing algorithm in coffeescript in just 3k LOC. [Blatant plug: http://sharejs.org/ ] > On the bright side, I feel pretty confident that some real startup will take the open sourced Wave technology and do something good... I don't share your confidence. Making even trivial changes to the 350k lines of opensourced java takes a lot of time and a lot of skill. There are only ~5 part time developers working on it. I doubt that it will be useful anytime soon. [Disclaimer: Some of that code is mine] Thankyou, that means a lot to me :) I don't think there's any one single reason why the code base is huge. Its written in proper idiomatic java, so a lot of the code is bureaucracy (interfaces, factories, managers, assertions, etc). The code that was opensourced is reasonably representative of the rest, if you're curious: http://code.google.com/p/wave-protocol/source/browse/#hg%2Fs... I think we should have spent more time keeping the code clean; but thats always a tough call when you have features to ship. Its easy to point to lots of things and say they were mistakes. But I worry that, had the project been successful, we might point to the very same things and talk about how clever we were. A huge effort was put into making the client more responsive in the few months just before wave got cancelled. I'm not sure if its still the case, but at one point wave was loading faster than gmail. We were a month or so away from shipping server-side rendering of waves with progressive enhancement for editing. That made waves load in a snap. (The guys finished that piece of work and put it in the opensource wave in a box project.) You weren't alone in getting a lot of value out of wave. We used it internally for everything. When we had meetings, we shared the agenda in a wave. People edited the wave with meeting items, and during the meeting people collaboratively annotated the agenda with what was decided, turning into the minutes. It was a thing of beauty. I still think there's a need for something like wave - it solves real problems. When wave was cancelled, there was a series of honest retrospectives internally on different aspects of the project. I hope they get eventually get published eventually too. A lot of people were quite career-sensitive after wave. Most blog posts you see by wave developers are written by people who have left google anyway. I agree, although if I had the chance I would change the protocol spec too. The client-server protocol uses protobufs encoded over JSON, and the federation protocol uses protobufs encoded over XML, via an XMPP extension. As others have said, there weren't accepted standards for this stuff just a few years ago. Today, you could build whip something together reasonably easily using JSON and socket.io or something. Yes. We did work to make wave scale before we knew what features would be important to users. That was definitely a problem, but its hard to avoid scaling when you're google and the whole world is watching. The earlier you launch, the sooner you need to do that scaling work. But the later you launch the more development you do in a vacuum, without real customer validation. I've followed a very similar road. For me, the thing which halted that ivory tower mindset was changing languages. I find that after spending a lot of time in a single language, I start thinking along that language's lines when I'm designing software. There are a lot of things which are a good idea in some languages and rubbish in others. Eg, enums are great in C, but useless in Javascript. Interfaces and abstract classes are silly in ruby. I think there's a trap programmers fall into with this stuff, where we get used to some method / philosophy. After awhile, its easy to forget that the method comes with a price that is being paid daily. Only by periodically re-evaluating all the little decisions you make can you start to get a real sense for when those decisions are appropriate. But as for the code rot problem, there are two solutions I've seen which made a difference: - Test-driven development (full on, no cheating, tests before you write code. 95%+ code coverage) - Code reviews before every commit But both of these methods will slow you down heaps in the short term. I find proper TDD makes me about half as productive in the short term. In the long term, it slows down big redesign work because there's twice as much code to change. The benefit is that you can formalise all your obscure edge cases in tests. If your test coverage is good enough, you can safely refactor code without breaking anything. This removes fear from development and lets you make clear decisions about design. (Also, its amazing how many bugs you find when you start writing tests. It is humbling.) I suspect that most of the benefits of code review comes from simply setting aside time to talk about code style. It consumes a lot of time. In exchange, you get higher quality code. How much you care about speed and code quality really depends on what the project is. You need to try them both out some time to be able to make that decision properly. From the article: He said Webster's actions were more serious because he did not just access his own or a mate's account, but hundreds of other customer accounts, to prove the security flaw was real. "While we were appreciative of him showing us a weakness in our security systems the size of the downloads concerned us greatly and the fact that it was a major breach of the privacy provisions of our members," Dwyer said in a phone interview. The guy didn't just find and report on a vulnerability. He also scraped a whole heap of private customer details ('to prove the problem was real'). If his intentions were pure, he shouldn't have downloaded & saved the private information of hundreds of customers. First State Super overreacted, but I can understand why they're nervous that he might keep the data. Hi! Author of ShareJS here. ShareJS works fine with variable length arrays. Also, ShareJS isn't limited to ace. Textareas work as well. Here's the same document that was linked, editable from a textarea: http://sharejs.org/textarea.html I've written ShareJS, which performs OT over generic JSON objects. Getting OT-for-JSON working involved a lot of cases, but it was certainly tractable. The tricky algorithmic code is 440 lines long. XML would be much more complicated to get right, but certainly possible if you're mad keen on XML. I'm working on the same thing for node.js. Come help me write ShareJS: http://sharejs.org/ Also, plaintext and JSON data types are generic and pluggable into other systems. I'm not sure what you're trying to do, but they might be useful. Yes, you do. Say you have an object: {x:1} Two people try and add a y:2 to the object. If you treat the object as a string, you can end up with: {y:2,x:1,y:2} ... which is invalid JSON. If you do string-level operations, there's heaps of ways the JSON can end up invalid or just plain wrong. In comparison, using OT if two people apply a "Insert y:2 into the object" operation, the object will be edited correctly at all sites. I used to consider most comments a sign of poorly factored code. (If you need comments, you've probably written your code in an obtuse way). I started a new project a few weeks ago and went to the other extreme to see what it was like. I think I have more comments than code: https://github.com/josephg/node-browserchannel/blob/master/l... Rendered with docco: http://josephg.github.com/node-browserchannel/docs/server.ht... The comments in this file also describe the spec of what I'm implementing and give running commentary on the implemention. It took me awhile to get used to writing like this, but I really like the result. When I want to add a function or something I talk about what I want to achieve in a comment block before writing the code. Somehow, the whole feeling of programming is different. By making the documentation the highest priority, I feel like I'm writing rather than coding. (I hate writing generally, but I really enjoyed it here.) I'm not sure if it helps or hinders readability. Obviously there's way more information in there about my intensions. You can tell if surprising behaviour in the code is intended or if its a bug. But the code has become really long and you have to scroll heaps to be able to move through the file. I feel like my monitor has shrunk. Maybe I just need to split the code out into more files. I'm not sure if I want to program like this all the time; but I'm writing a lot more inline documentation now. When you get stuck trying to decide how to implement something, talking about the design choices in a block comment has the same effect as explaining the problem to a coworker. Only this way you don't bother your coworkers and you have documentation on the choice when you're done. Its also a fun experiment because of how weird it feels - I highly recommend giving it a go sometime. I reached the same conclusion. I'm pretty sure I got them all right, and it told me I only had 2 correct. You might want to double-check the marking key. I read a fantastic piece a few years ago which discussed behavioural differences between men and women. They argued that there are two essential behavioural differences between the sexes: 1. Women tend to have more intimate social networks than men. (Fewer people, stronger connections). 2. In almost every aspect of life, women tend to deviate less from the mean. For better and often for worse, men are bigger risk takers. This second point I find really interesting. Lots of statistical gender differences can be explained by this one fact. Apparently, if you plot male and female behavioural patterns on just about any scale (income, crime, exam marks, etc), women cluster around the mean more than men. Some of the effects of this: - There are more men in prison. - More men run big companies. - Statistically, girls do better at high school. This is because the dropout guys bring the mean mark down more than the high achievers bring it up. The best evolutionary justification I've heard is that humans were polygamous for large periods of our evolution. In a society where the top blokes got all the babes, it made a lot of sense to be a big risk taker. -- How else do you compete with attention from war heroes? There was no benefit to risktaking behaviour in women because most women would reproduce anyway. I'm not going to defend the tone, or facebook bashing, or anything like that. I will say, I enjoyed that site a great deal. I feel like I'm often on a slippery slope toward easy, short, quick and cheap entertainment. Sometimes I'll go to my computer not for any particular reason, just because I want something to do. I should be going to my computer to accomplish something I want, and if I want to relax I shouldn't do it reading blog posts. From time to time, I need to (yet again) jolt myself off the short attention span path and remind myself that I have agency. Then I'm alright for awhile longer. I think its this tendency in people which makes sites like facebook so popular. I think this is what caused reddit to drift from an interesting discussion forum to a repository of memes and cat pictures. I suspect a lot of the facebook bashing you see on hackernews isn't because we hate facebook, but because hate using a site like facebook as a crutch to procrastinate doing anything actually useful. Zach dealt with this, specifically, in his blog post: I don’t view it this way. I’m less concerned about my overall reach than I am with connecting with my audience. Put another way: I’m content with losing a handful of people if that means I connect much stronger with everyone else. Is the price of the loss, really, lower than the value of the gain? That is a really interesting question. I agreed completely with Zach's post, and I've agreed with all of @gks's comments in this thread. Zach's use of swearing increases my emotional connection to what he's saying. If Zach didn't swear, he would connect less with me . But the plural of anecdote is not data. What proportion of people are like you, and find swearing in a talk trite and cheap? What proportion of people are comfortable with Zach's slides? We should do science. It was hit and miss at google. Some teams loved it, and some teams hated it. It was cancelled because the number of external users didn't meet google's expectations, not because of how it was used internally. I understand that this project is very immature compared to Node.js, but how does it compare performance-wise? Can modern Lua virtual machines outperform V8? Fuck the joy of programming. Are you fucking kidding me? Motivation isn't something you can just ignore. If you aren't motivated to work, you will eventually either stop working or hate your job. (Why would you keep doing something you don't want to do?) Maybe if you're working with good people and getting paid well it'll be ok, but in that case you're relying on the people around you to motivate you. You will be less productive and less happy for 40 hours a week than people who honestly love the work itself. > I know what I'd like to be doing, but I also know I'm not motivated to do it. You just contradicted yourself. Being motivated to do something means wanting to do it. The problem is that "What do I want to do" actually has two meanings. It means "What would I like to be doing each day" and it means "What do I want to have done". These are very different questions, and they have different answers. I'd like to have fed the poor, but I would not enjoy standing on the street asking for donations from passers-by. I want to be designing computer games, but I won't be particularly proud of writing Battlefield N+1. I've spent years optimizing for how my life will look in retrospect. This came as a revelation to me, but if I look back at my fondest memories over the past few years, none of them have involved big goals. Instead, they've all been things that were fun to do, like gamejam and trapeze lessons. This year I've got a new plan: -Ofun. I might not change the world, but maybe if I'm enjoying myself a lot more that'll be ok. I suspect he hasn't recovered properly yet and hasn't realised. I've experienced burnout a couple times. For me, a week of TV will make the world start looking brighter again. However, if I try and actually work for more than an hour or two, that murky grey feeling of dread pops straight back. Both times I've gotten properly burned out its taken me ~3 months to recover properly, and really start enjoying my work again. There are a few, but none of them are widely known about. Socket.io's problems only become visible once you've been working with it for awhile. The three alternatives I know about are SockJS: http://sockjs.org Faye - which implements the Bayeux pubsub protocol: http://faye.jcoglan.com/ And node-browserchannel (mine) which implements google's browserchannel protocol: https://github.com/josephg/node-browserchannel (BrowserChannel works all the way down to IE5.5!) Unfortunately, eventsource isn't supported by any current version of IE. It'll be awhile before ES can replace your AJAX/websocket libraries. http://caniuse.com/#search=eventsource The etherpad developers were hired to help work on wave. Google docs implemented collaborative editing independently of etherpad and the wave team. Only if you swear at all the interviewers Holman. (jokes :D) The biggest problem with google acquiring github is that github would be expected to integrate with google's infrastructure; which would be a monumental engineering task. I can't see that happening in any way that wouldn't hurt github somehow. The best case would be that months of github's engineering time is taken away from new features. The worst case is that github is integrated with google code somehow; which would probably result in a revolt by github's users. I think an acquisition by google would only hurt the open source community. Google likes us too much to risk that. Using shared libraries also decreases application startup time, because applications don't need to read as much code from disk. Even using an SSD I suspect the difference would be noticable for most applications. This is a cute idea, but your computer is almost never CPU pegged. It spends most of its time waiting for input from you. For 95% of software, faster execution (through parallelism or whatever) would have no effect. But don't take my word for it. Look at all the applications you have open right now and check if a magical 1e100Hz processor would make any meaningful difference. For me: iTunes: no. Vim: no. Chrome with hackernews: no. VLC: no. Terminal: no. "We need to rethink software design to make our programs run faster" – Hardly. We're actually seeing the opposite trend. People are caring less about CPU performance now than they used to. One of the effects is that real software is being written in slow languages like Ruby and Coffeescript, performance be damned. There are obviously exceptions (games and scientific simulations). But for the other 95% of code out there, we simply don't need the parallelism of functional languages to write good software. On mobile devices, you can already be a bit sloppy with your code and your UI will still be responsive. The fact that Corona and Phonegap are usable is proof of that. The 'comfort margin' of mobile CPUs will only increase over the next few years. You certainly don't need functional languages to write efficient server-side code for I/O-bound applications. People have solved the C10k problem for every imperative language I know. Ryah (the nodejs guy) makes a pretty strong case that functional programming's parallelism doesn't help you on the server side anyway, because you'll need to scale across multiple machines. Multiple machines mean multiple processes. If you're doing that anyway, you may as well avoid threads entirely and parallelize by spawning a few processes on each server. Games are the big exception, though I find it curious that I've never heard of any published game (big or small) that was written in a purely functional language. If functional programming really does make concurrent code easier to write, I'd expect at least a couple indie computer game developers to be using them, somewhere! Anyway, despite how visible game development is, it makes up a small percentage of the computer industry. That we will experience 'The Downfall of Imperative Programming' because some day, I hope game developers use functional languages to make their games run faster is a bit of a stretch. The ability of functional programming languages to do parallelization is really cool, but you're not solving a problem that many programmers actually have. Its like selling a car by saying it has lots of leg room for tall people. Its a great pitch to the right customer, but don't expect a revolution.