In the code the link points to, I just see another C-like language. What "good ideas" should I be looking at? I am not Oberon expert, but in any other language I'd say this code is pretty bad: - logic errors: We keep going even if error occurs (none of the error checks have return in them). - In two different source files, "System" is imported under two different names. Is this just to confuse the readers? - Hardcoded string length (Mod.s:17). If someone to change the message, you have to be very careful to update the length. - Arbitrary constants (why '2' in Mod.s:23)? I used to program in Pascal long time ago (Turbo Pascal dialect), but the link does not show any of Pascal-specific functionality. Where are types with unusual range (var i: 0..15)? Where are arrays with non-zero based ranges? Where is the neat interface/implementation separation? Is there runtime-based range checking? Because I do not see it, and I bet if I changed this "17" to "117", it will just send extra 100 bytes of un-initialized memory over the socket. This particular code does not have any pascal-y language features. What is the point of the post? If it was to demonstrate that Oberon is good for teaching / real stuff / general purpose programming / something else, then it failed. To me, the points of the post is: "hey, this language is not dead! We can now fork() and do socket ops!". Is this intentional? Do you have quantitative information about that? I was always wondering how big is Fukushima's nuclear incident zone (in km^2) today. How much bigger is it compared to coal waste ponds / landfills, or hydroelectric dam which provides the same amount of power? Looking at Stripe's API docs, it seems their preferred payment technology is javascript popup which asks for CC number directly. If the technology has been 'properly implemented', only Stripe will see the credit card details, but as a consumer, I have no way to tell if the technology has been implemented properly. As a result, I feel it is much safer to avoid typing my credit card number into random websites. Thus, my first reaction to a site which asks for my credit card (directly or via Stripe) is 'OK, are there any alternatives which take a safer payment method' Replace "containers" with "virtual machines" (because really, the containers are secure only until the next kernel exploit, which happens fairly often), and you get Qubes OS: https://www.qubes-os.org/doc/architecture/ It tries to move everything into containers, including hardware drivers, and if you read their architecture paper you will see their design ends up being nontrivial. I feel that author is very enthusiastic, but there are some pretty serious errors: "... fight between Docker and systemd is inevitable" -- this fight has been going for a while (at least a year): https://lwn.net/Articles/676831/ "... The reason why you'll do this, rather than compose everything yourself, is compatability. Whether it's kernel versions, file system drivers, operating system variants or a hundred variations that make your OS build different from mine. Building and testing software that runs everywhere is a sisyphean task. " -- kernel versions, file system drivers, operating system variants (in form of docker daemon version) are still going to be around and would still affect containers. So you traded "test on Fedora, RHEL, Ubuntu" with "test on AWS docker, Tectonic, OpenShift". Yes, you no longer have to worry about .so versions, but there are still plenty of reasons to test in multiple environment. "... the operating system is an implementation detail of the higher level software. It's not intended to be directly managed ..." -- yeah, so I have this proprietary SAN.. or a dual 10G cards which need to be tuned and bonded... or a mix of fast and slow disks... or even any non-trivial RAID setup... Those things are the most annoying parts of managing your own servers and unfortunately they are not going anywhere. Isn't the 'disconnection support' (and by extension, roaming) one of the big points of tmux? This is one of the reasons why I never bothered with mosh -- I have screen/tmux, what's the point? I have cryptsetup, so I am probably vulnerable, but I do really care -- I do not have BIOS password, nor do I physically disable my USB ports. If I wanted to get a root shell with the disk still encrypted, it would be much more convenient to just boot from the USB stick. And in the case of "libraries, ATMs, airport machines" it is likely there will be no boot-time passwords at all -- regular login process will likely be more convenient for many reasons. yes, but the same could be done by simply booting from USB stick. How does this vulnerability makes it worse? (unless one has BIOS password and strong physical security) Related comic: http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/dinosaurs what's next, eye-stalks? The problem is, that legislation does not actually protect citizen data. All code is still controlled by LinkedIn, and Russian goverment still have no idea what it does. If FBI (or CIA or any other agency) comes to LinkedIn with an order, then does it matter if the technician serving the request pulls the data from Russian, European or US database? The data will be delivered anyway. Moreover, the law does not actually prevent the companies from storing data somewhere else -- Article 12 mentions many allowed reasons to send the data to other countries. What this law, however, allows is for government to apply pressure on the company by treating to seize their servers (such as this case: https://torrentfreak.com/police-shut-down-russian-rapidshare... ). I see no other reason for the law. The whole point is that AWS (nor any other outside party) would not find the keys. The article explicitly mentions: On servers in a text file in ~/.aws/credentials (where a lot of tooling saves AWS credentials) On your developer laptop in the same locations In application or systemd environment variable configuration files In files named ’credentials’ or in application configuration files in private, sensitive Github repos Unless amazon somehow has access to private github repos, they should not see the keys > Unfortunately the comments are a pile-on of negativity, rather than a discussion of possibilities. I don't think that how the community is supposed to work. HN is all about discussion of existing content. It is simply a bad form to go to discussion of "blockchan for big banks" article and start talking about "blockchain for ad networks". Yes, maybe someone out there is making something where blockchain is genuinely a right technology; if you find such a project, submit it to HN and there may be actual positive comments on the blockchain idea. Or even better: write a blog post about real-life problems which are best being solved by the bitcoin blockchain, and submit it. I am sure people will read it with interest! (I am not being sarcastic here -- I am genuinely interested about useful bitcoin applications) "This cafe was closed for food safety issues twice, so they are now operating illegally. Their burgers are very good -- why not try them and see what the fuss is about" > fraudulent-transaction-free processing network How so? Are you saying that when a trojan on my machine accesses my bitcoin wallet and sends all of my bitcoins somewhere, is it not "fraudulent transaction"? Because these things happen, you know. What do you use instead of "docker build" and "docker pull"? What do you mean? My Dockerfiles already use distro's package manager to install packages. Do you you mean "create a long-lived LXC container and use distro's package manager to install packages as needed?" The problem with that approach is you have no idea how to duplicate the server, nor how to roll back the changes reliably. For example: - Your distro upgraded a library, and the upgrade introduced a bug. For extra fun, this was not security upgrade so unattended-upgrade process did not install it, so only half of your servers have the bug. - Your package list is incorrect. Somehow, your old server ended up with an extra package (previous software version? installed while trying to troubleshoot problems), and your new server does not have it. - You have leftover files -- either from the previous version of your software, or from the package you have had installed before. These are definitely fixable in LXC with enough effort -- after all, Docker is not magic, and you can achieve a lot with LXC + shell scripts, and even more with LXC + shell scripts + chef. However, Docker is just so much easier and reliable than writing these scripts by hand. Yes, but other languages would use optional or special null-like value which cannot be automatically converted into integer. This would be totally devastating to many people who do not earn that much. Before, you could stash $200 per month to make a nice "rainy day fund" in case you lose job, get sick or your car breaks down. Now you would not be able to do so -- just work work work and don't even think about leaving your job! And the worst part, it would not even work against rich people. So I got 2bil? Great, I will buy 5 houses and a furniture factory. And move the rest to my shell company in Caribbeans. Uber, Lyft, Sidecar, Flywheel, etc... Because Java and C# are not system programming languages and are not intended to replace C? Would I want my init system written in Java or C#? Hell no. Would I want it written in Rust? Yes please maybe it will crash less and have fewer CVEs. I have a belief that every time a C developer switches to Rust, users benefit (unless developer goes crazy from Rust's cognitive load, but this is a separate issue :) ) Agree. We have strerror_r -- why not add getenv_r? Is there any technical information on how the database works? For a supposed Sqlite replacement, there is a surprising lack of the information. The only reference to concurrency mode I have found is this: > All changes to an object (addition, modification and deletion) must be done within a write transaction. > Write transactions incur non-negligible overhead - you should architect your code to minimize the number of write transactions. So is there a single write lock? If you try to start two transactions, will the second one be delayed or retried? Can reads proceed while the transaction is processing? > Results instances are live, auto-updating views into the underlying data So if I am doing x.first, x.second while the object is being updated in a second thread, will I get mixed state? Is database crash proof? If the phone runs out of battery while in write transaction, will the database get damaged? ... so many questions I see the reason for the complains, but I do not agree with the basic premise. It should not be "I hate almost all software", it should be "I hate my employer and the job I am stuck in". I mean, this person is writing for Solaris/Illumos (judging by SMF references and autoconf complains). Yeah, running modern stuff on solaris sux, unless you have a sysadminny mindset. This is clearly not for him. Fine -- different people like to optimize different things: user experience, internal code beauty, maintainability, code robustness, number of platforms supported. No one should be forced to work on stuff they don't like. There are lots of jobs, and most of them do not require SMF, DBus, /usr organization, or volatile variables. Thank you for the comment. It is nice to be able to talk to someone who believes in Urbit ideal. I have a question for you: there are many advantages of running things on huge scale. How do you see Urbit will solve it? For example: - webserver: I used to run a personal web server, and then I noticed that I have to throttle the speed to avoid ending up with a huge bill, and when the colo is down, the server is down. I keep all my data in the cloud now, and due to economy of scale, I do not have to worry about availability, ping times, or bandwidth limits. How can personal server compete with CDNs? - I also used to run my own mailserver, and it was always a pain to keep spam away. This is a complex process which includes tuning spam filters, deciding which DNS blacklists to use (oh controversy!), deciding if I want to use DCC and at which stage. And I had to re-tune periodically, otherwise it would eat my automated messages... At the same time, Google (for example) has it easy -- at their scale, they have all the information they need to decide if the mail is spam or not. - Social media: no, I have not run my social media server :) But I cannot understand how do you get started. The main point is network effects, and even Disapora, which has been around for a long while, is not that popular. Plus spam and viruses, of course -- how do you prevent that? If my friend gets a trojan on her machine, will her account be able to spam entire network? > - bandwidth : ... More generally, if Urbit got even moderate adoption, the hosted-server companies would fall over themselves supporting it. I am highly skeptical -- the Wordpress has pretty high adoption, and it is useful for "non-techy Mom", but there are very few companies which support wordpress integration, and if they do, it is at a much higher price (bluehost: $3/mo regular hosting, $20/mo wordpress hosting) > - mail : ... full-fledged identities on the Urbit network cost a couple of bucks, and it is assumed that anyone who spammed from one would get blackholed before they recouped the investment. This blackhole mechanism is very much like spam problem, so it has all the usual questions: Is it going to be managed by someone? Does identity get un-blackholed after some time with no spam? Can you pay $$$ to make this process faster? Can someone blackhole whole galaxy? What if your computer gets malware which spams other users on your behalf? I am not asking for immediate answers to these questions, I just wanted to point that having "federated identity" will not fully solve spam problem. > - viruses : Urbit is designed to be essentially impervious to malware. ... In a worst-case scenario (say, your whole urbit got bitlocker'd), recovering would require you to a) get your hosting provider to restore from a backup, ... That's not the worst case scenario. The worst-case scenario is bitlocker reaches in your urbit (via whatever mechanism you use) and encrypts all the your data there, slowly over time (so your backup is corrupted, too) and starting with least-recently accessed files first, to minimize chance of early detection. Looks like in this situation, your only hope is that your hosting provider kept your backups, and this is not guaranteed at all. So basically not much better than existing self-hosting systems. Note: I have not actually checked, but I suspect that Urbit may keep all the previous versions of the files around. This will help against bitlockers, but: (1) Is there a mechanism to permanently remove data, say because you accidentally uploaded 25GB blue-ray movie? If yes, this is what bitlocker will use. (2) Are you sure that every user will have different urbit credentials and admin credentials to the hosting provider? Because if not, then bitlocker will ssh into your hosted machine and damage the files directly. (3) There are other things other than bitlockers. Malware will use your account to send SPAM, use your webserver to sell illegal drugs, use your CPU to mine bitcoins, and generally make a botnet out of your urbit. > Keeping the software updated on your urbit is automatic and done without interrupting service. Maintenance is almost non-existent. Wow, this sounds scary. It will be just like Chrome extensions turning into malware, but for EVERYTHING: https://arstechnica.com/security/2014/01/malware-vendors-buy... So we started from this ideal picture of urbit: > Urbit is the server-app-container thing that would make my non-techy Mom want to pay $5/mo for a hosted server instance. > Want to see what Bill Smith is up to? finger bsmith. Want to argue about politics? talk.politics. God, how simple things were! > Urbit is designed to be essentially impervious to malware. ... and we ended up with: > but one presumes that if you host an urbit on EC2, you'd also be putting cloudflare in front of its webserver > If you did write an app that defaulted to "accept messages from anyone" then you'd need to include some sort of "report spam" feature in it I suppose, > "Your hosting provider might not do a good job of managing backups" is a) well outside of urbit's purview, > So of course you need to keep your login and password safe, and the host OS needs to be secure, and so forth. So what are then advantages of urbit over, say, wordpress install with some plugins? So far I have heard: - Universal identity system for other urbit users - Automatic application update - Some subset of security bugs has been eliminated - Simple application installation Wordpress (with plugins): - Has OAUTH and facebook/g+ auth plugins - Has auto-update functionality - Written in PHP, which entirely eliminated at least buffer overflow bugs and concurrency bugs from the user-written code. - I can find EC2 images with wordpress already installed -- just create a machine based on them and you are all set! And wordpress provides somewhat easy interface to install new plugins! And apparently neither Urbit nor wordpress take care of the hard stuff: - How to set up backups and make sure they will not fail 6 month in (and no, most hosting providers will not do this automatically for you) - How to prevent malware on your personal computer from destroying all your digital life - How to prevent SPAM while still allowing messages from people you did not know before - How to monitor the server and fix it (restart?) when it fails - How to select the hosting plans to optimize cost for the resources you want to use Now, you may say that urbit does [will do] much more that wordpress, but so far you have not mentioned anything like that. Your original comment mentioned: mail server, minecraft server, and apps that "let you upload a file to the cloud and they let your friends access it". Wordpress does the last one, and from I understand, urbit will not be that great for the first two ones. So it does not make sysadmin's life much easier, nor does it give you some killer features you cannot find anywhere. What's the point then? I disagree. I actually know that debian's system: 1. Has a limited subset of people who can upload packages. Becoming one of these people is hard. 2. Has strict rules about package quality. A detected attempt to upload malicious package will cause uploader's privileges to be removed. 3. There a is trusted group of people who have the authority over all packages and who can remove the bad ones. Anyone can contact them and point out that the change is malicious, and they will listen. 4. There are enough people who look at the package changes who will detect malicious packages. None of them are true for Chrome extensions / urbit code (unless there is something I have not noticed): 1. Anyone with (google account | urbit identity) can upload packages. 2. There are no rules about package quality (until recently, google support did not care about ad injectors for example). 3. There is no trusted third party to deal with bad packages (again, until recently google support did not care except for most obvious cases) 4. Since number of packages is so high, and it is for "everyone", most package changes will never be looked at. I know this is old news, but I still have to say this: So if someone installs malware on your laptop, they get to own your shares forever? Living dangerously, man! > Git is distributed, so when GitHub goes down, every developer has a backup of entire history. However, issues are lost forever. Python does not use "issues" feature for good. um, no? PEP-512 ( https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0512/ ) is pretty clear about it: "The code review history does not have the same implicit backup mechanism as the repository itself. That means a daily backup of code review history should be done so that it is not lost in case of any issues with GitHub." > Once inured to the clumsy use of files and folders and lifeless, non-dynamic programming methods, once they grow emotionally and intellectually attached to their file-based tools and infrastructure, they are incapable of appreciating any other way to do things. What bugs me about smalltalk advocacy is the complete dismissal of the existing files-based tools. Even the simple version control for the personal use (log, diff and revert) is worth keeping the files for. And I cannot imagine how would I do multi-user version control, code reviews, sharing libraries between projects if all I have is a single "image". Well, don't speak about abstract 'shackles', show me the improved process! I am especially interested in version control and collaboration. IMHO, existing file-based tools have had quite a few advances on this front: * Tests are now common and considered a good thing. A new contributor can write code without worrying about breaking rarely-used functionality. * Many languages have package managers. Using latest third-party library is now simple * We have great deployment mechanisms -- one-command deployments are common, containers and version pinning help reproducibility. * Some languages come with support for interactive REPL -- you can evaluate arbitrary commands inside running processes. * Many languages support static checking -- a lot of errors could be caught even if the code is never exercised * Many languages need no compilation at all -- just edit the file and run it What can smalltalk offer? Obviously it has great REPL. Anything else? What is the cool new 'software development process' feature that you are referring to? For example, I have found exactly one sentence about version control and sharing in the article you have linked: "We may even see Pharo 7, which promises a Git-integration tool called Iceberg for source code version control." . Is this what you wanted to show me? Because my takeaway is that the only way to work on Smalltalk software as a team is to use file-based tools (git). I see no improvements in software development process here. The other commenter mentioned Monticello and Smalltalk Hub. Ok, this looks like a decent version control system. It is interesting how without files, you have to add a prefix to a name of every class and tag each function which you want checked in. Still, I could not find which features it has that git does not. Sorry, I am at work right now and don't have time to watch videos. Can you tell me more about "Smalltalk's own tooling for collaboration and version control"? Are you referring to Monticello? I am not insisting on git, but Monticello seems pretty limited in term of collaboration. I see commit, diff, checkout, and remote pull/push. Specifically, let's imagine this scenario: we have team of tens of programmers working on a project. A new team member joins and accidentally breaks the code in non-obvious way. He pushes the code to main repository. Next time, everyone else checks out the latest version of the code and starts having weird problems. If you had 20 people on team, and they each wasted 2 hours because the code was broken, well, you just wasted a week of programmer time. How do you prevent it? In file-based word, the answer is tests and CI. What is the smalltalk way? And please do not say "It's in the conceptual nature of programming" -- if the scenario makes no sense in the smalltalk world (maybe you are not supposed to have 20 people working on the same project?) please say this. Well, I was responding to specific parent's statement: "Being shackled to existing file-based tools holds you back from improving the software development process." This seems to imply to me that non-file-based tools have some other improvements to software development process. I think both you and I agree that software development process improves mostly independently from file-based/image distinction. There are no visible ways when files are "holding back" the software development. Surely you would want to support Wine and not ReactOS? The only advantage of ReactOS over WINE is that ReactOS has Windows 2003 compatible kernel. This means native Windows drivers, and faster emulation of some features. However, a few decades from now, there will be no devices left which have Windows 2003 drivers. And hopefully CPUs will become faster, so Wine overhead will be negligible. And I doubt all the new devices will have ReactOS drivers. Rather than keep going on ReactOS, I would much more prefer people making wine better. Agree, NT has many excellent ideas. But re-implementing it today seems silly. Are you going to have messages with take two integers only, then stick two 16-bit fields into second one? Look at these articles, do you think anyone should be implementing API like this in 21st century: https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20070710-00/?p=... https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20120913-00/?p=... I am all for variety. Hurd, L4 -- these are fundamentally different from Unix and very interesting. ReactOS? well if you enjoy debugging windows kernel drivers without source code... Maybe if you have a business account, but not if you are a regular person. Regulation E https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_Fund_Transfer_Act requires banks to refund "EFT errors" and fraudulent transactions. I remember this on startssl.com, and experience (or at least Firefox's implementation) was horrible. -I had to refresh certificate once per year, which is very inconvenient, as I would go to startssl.com once per year total - Half of the time something would go wrong with keygen in firefox and it would not remember my certificate at all. This is when you discover that all the security is simply bypassed when you send email to support. - And worst of all, it was not very secure at all -- a malware on my computer would totally steal a certificate and keysniff the password for it. Compare with Google Authenticator or SMS auth, where I would be safe as long as my cell phone is not compromized at the same time. I have seen people looking down on any "narrow" developers. If you say ".NET developer" this implies you know a very specific stack from Microsoft -- one OS, one standard library, one framework, one IDE, one buildsystem. On the other hand, if someone claims to be a senior C++ developer, it means they may have worked with multiple OS's, multiple frameworks/libraries (because STL is never enough), multiple buildsystems, multiple IDEs and so on. You said all the web technologies, so maybe if you are in the web dev? In the rest of the programming, the framework self-identification is pretty rare -- I have not heard people describing themselves as "boost C++ developer", or "python numpy developer". People will still have strong opinions about good and bad frameworks, but it will not be their primary identification. PJON defines things up to level 3 -- you hand it a bunch of bytes, and tell it: "deliver to node 12". It is up to you to decide how the bytes must be interpreted, and to ensure the recipient can handle them properly. PJON has a number of data/physical link layers: a network running on a single arduino pin, link over LEDs, TCP, UDP, supercheap radio modules, RS485 serial. Compared to that, Modbus defines things up to application layer (layer 7). You tell it, "read input 1" or "write 75 to register 33" and it does it for you. You can also send arbitrary packets like PJON, but this is rarely done. Modbus also has number of physical layers: serial (usually used with RS485 or RS232), TCP, UDP, and high-speed proprietary links. It is not designed for low speed links, so it would not work well over LED link, supercheap radio modules, or a single arduino pin link. FTR, Debian is like 80% reproducible https://wiki.debian.org/ReproducibleBuilds "Reproducible builds of Debian as a whole are still not a reality, though individual reproducible builds of packages are possible. So while we are making very good progress, it is a stretch to say that Debian is reproducible." In my experience, if you have a single home made package in C it is pretty easy to make it reproducible (1) There is no point in complete cutoff -- partial filtering should be enough. So if email spam is sent, outgoing SMTP port is blocked; if there is a virus spreading over random ports, all outgoing ports except http/https are blocked; if malware leaves spam on webpages, then all http/https connections are redirected to captive portal explaining how to fix. (2) Same with spam blacklists, you get de-listed either automatically, if few weeks pass without incident, or faster by manual request. (3) It should not matter why bad traffic was sent. A much more realistic situation is: "So you work from home and your computer gets trojan which starts to send phishing emails, so now the ISP cuts you off from the Internet. Now what?" In either case the answer is: prove to humans @ ISP that you are no longer danger to the internet and ask them nicely to unblock you. If you work from home is that critical, have a separate internet source (say 3G modem which you activate with a phone call) Looks like the author has very vague and wrong idea about computing in the past. With so many factual errors, it is hard to accept it seriously. > Somewhere around the late 90s or early 00s we made the decision to jump ship from desktop apps and start writing the lion’s share of new software for the web. This was largely for pragmatic reasons: the infrastructure to talk to a remote server became possible for the first time, I am not sure what this means. Javascript (1995)? or XMLHttpRequest (2005)? You can create web apps without any of this technologies -- they make web apps faster and UX better, but they were not the critical pieces. for example, one of the most famouse webapps of this era -- webmail interfaces such as yahoo.com or hotmail.com -- worked just fine without javascript at all. > good cross platform UI frameworks had always been elusive beasts, Technically true, but misleading. This sentence seems to imply that this mattered, and web was somewhat better. Both of these are false. Back in then no one cared about non-windows systems, and the amount of effort required to display site properly on all major browsers was staggering. It was way, way easier to make desktop apps which worked on 99% of all computers than web apps which worked on 99% of the browsers. > and desktop development frameworks were intimidating compared to more approachable languages like Perl and PHP. This was a time of VB 6, Java, Delphi, and later this fancy .net thing. Designing a desktop all was drastically simpler that creating a website of the same complexity. > The other reason was cosmetic: HTML and CSS gave developers total visual control over what their interfaces looked like, allowing them to brand them and build experiences that were pixel-perfect according to their own ends. This is so false this is not even funny. The desktop apps were trivial to make pixel perfect, the web took a LOT of work (I still remember the countless nested tables with 1x1 images in them) Here is winamp 1, released in 1997: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/09/Winamp1.006.P... Here is web in 1997: http://royal.pingdom.com/2008/09/16/the-web-in-1996-1997/ now, which one is more customized? > This seemed like a big improvement over more limiting desktop development, but its led us to the world we have today where every interface is a different size and shape,... And of course, the author misses the most important reasons why people spent all the effort to make the web apps. Spolsky said it back in 2004 in http://new.joelonsoftware.com/articles/APIWar.html : > Today I installed Google's new email application by typing Alt+D, gmail, Ctrl+Enter. There are far fewer compatibility problems and problems coexisting with other software. Every user of your product is using the same version... Then the article goes on to advertise the advantages of terminals and "terminal programs": fast startup, no animations, "interface elements are limited", optimized for advanced user, "output that I can process in some way to get into another program" This is accompanied by a picture of emacs running in a terminal. The problem with that, of course, is those properties are not bound to "terminal" programs at all. Many software which comes from Linux/Unix world will have all of these properties, even if they do not require terminal to run. Even graphics editors like "gimp" start up fast, have no animations, etc... Conclusion: the only way this article makes sense if the the author equates "the terminals" with "apps without animation". The author does not seem aware of what the "terminal software" means (all communications go through a single bidirectional pipe). Why? TUF is all about reimplementing SSL and PKI. Since mender can use regular SSL with good-old PKIs, there is no reason to go with weird solutions. Well, the reason TUF has to protect against all of the attacks is because it is choosing to support a varying set of requirements, including lack of SSL and insecure mirrors. Mender simply does not care about them, so it can be dramatically simpler: - rollback attacks -- impossible since all comms are secure, and there are no untrusted mirrors - freezes -- impossible, because SSL channel must be re-negotiated every time - mix and match attacks -- nothing to mix+match, mender only does one file (rootfs) - helps secure mirrors -- mender does not support 3rd party mirrors, so no need to secure them. You can see it right on the TUF homepage: it claims to replace application, library package and system package managers. This is a lot of work, which requires a lot of complexity, and there is no need at all to pay that price if you do not need to. Mender should be pretty immune to power failures in the middle of the updates -- even if second partition is only half-written , it is still not activated. OSTree seems to rely on underlying filesystem to provide protection from power failures. This is, in my experience, is not a very reliable mechanism, especially when the SD cards are used. Thus, it is likely that if you have a device using OSTree updater and someone yanks the power cord at the bad time, your device may become unbootable. FYI, here is a part which is still relevant today: "the system continuously ironed out accumulated errors over time by comparing actual distances driven and turns made with road shapes on the map. Honey calls the technique "augmented dead reckoning." That means driving through a long stretch of straight highway could begin to trip up Etak's system, since there were no turns and no distinct roads for the computer to algorithmically seize upon. If that happened, the driver could manually reposition the car cursor onto a location on the map using controls on the display." Those things work, but they are barely "good enough". The biggest problem is, it is easy to lose your position if you are in the city -- maybe you had a few sharp turns, went around the parking cars a couple of times. And once this happens, the system is unlikely to correct itself, your only way will be to manually set position, which most people will not do. I am sure it could recover most of the time, in some places. I am not so sure it would work well in all places -- regular grid is pretty common for example in New York City. You could actually see it in use if you used older GPS units -- back in SA time, the GPS was low precision (~100 meters), but still provided mostly accurate heading/velocitry information. Thus, many GPS navigators required mapmatching (see other thread for details). It would always fail on me in the most annoying moments, and would take quite a while to recover.