Because on LinkedIn everyone is sucking up to prospective employers. That's the one and only reason it exists. Because of this everyone uses their real identity. And because of that it's also the most boring and fake social media platform around. Exactly. Look for China as an example where this is already happening today. They probably do but I guess many people have their profiles set to "Friends only". And on Twitter people don't usually use their real name. You can't use rainbow tables for WPA because the SSID is included in the hash. So the same password will result in a different key for different networks. Wow that's totally what I have too. I didn't think there was a name for it. I mean the delayed phase sleep disorder. Will talk to the doc about it. This is exactly what I fear: everyone outsourcing their filtering to a handful of big companies. These companies will then have the definitive say on what is posted online and what isn't. The Chinese will be jealous of our new censorship machine. They weren't effective. The same has already been implemented through a loophole with Canada (CETA) so US companies can already force their lower standards on us through their Canadian subsidiaries. Simple distraction and switch and playing into the mindset that Canada has somehow ties with Europe and is therefore 'good'. It's amazing how they get away with these things. Not really :) Consider a VT100. It could only go up to 19200 baud, and couldn't actually handle constant streams at that speed . However I do agree with the general message of the article. Current UX is a mess, websites are overblown by tons of javascript. There's no reason there should be loading spinners in this day and age with the power we have at our fingertips. Yes there was that but it also just couldn't handle the full speed continuously. It depended a lot what kind of commands were sent. Full text was fairly OK but drawing commands took a while as far as I remember. In any case, flow control was a must-have in those days. Either CTS/RTS or at least XON/XOFF I used them for my private VPSes but they became too big and business-like. I moved to Scaleway now, it's still in a much earlier stage, cheaper and with unlimited bandwidth. I like the way you can still talk directly to their guys on slack to ask questions. However they're becoming big too. I hope they'll still love us and I don't have to move again soon :) Wow... They can now move icons around. Seriously, if this is nowhere near the usability of Ubuntu Touch, which was abandoned because it didn't have a chance, how can this succeed? The first iPhone in 2007 could do this. Don't get me wrong, I would love to see a truly open Linux-based smartphone OS happen without the involvement of big business. I just don't think it's going to happen. If anyone has a shot it's sailfish and even that was too barebones to use last time I tried it (about 3 months ago), even with the Android compatibility layer. I actually like Reddit for this. Not being locked in the same circle with the same baby pictures etc. Of course it depends a lot which subreddits you use. Some are toxic. The more technically oriented ones are fine in my experience. I wonder if people will ever quit Facebook.. I mean after all the stuff that's happened and they still haven't. We had a discussion about this recently in my Spanish class. Someone asked me for my facebook and when I said I closed it long ago they were all like "eeewww privacy freak". So I explained my reasons, the abuse of personal data, the manipulation of the masses (Cambridge Analytica) and the others immediately sprang to life saying how horrible it all is. And turned out to have good knowledge of the facts. But yeah, it's so easy to stay in touch with friends.. Well yes I know, as an expat it's not easy without it. Still, their initial "ewww" reaction really surprises me considering their apprehension at Facebook's practices. Yeah annoying but you can click through to the site at the bottom without having to sign up ("Move on to site"). Well, Mozilla is in a hard place. They're already losing browser marketshare, and they don't want to annoy people by breaking stuff. A lot of these people use Google and Facebook services and don't understand when these sites get broken. That'll give Firefox a bad name and hurt its marketshare even more. uBlock origin is a third-party project they don't control so I can't blame them for not including it. I agree about the analytics and telemetry though. Smaller codebase means less chance of bugs. But I agree, it should really be audited properly before this statement can be made. Wow, 10k$/month is a lot more than a 'sustainable full-time job' would pay :) At least here in Europe. But of course what he's getting now ($1212) is nowhere near that. Ok I didn't know that. I heard IT wages in the US were good but I didn't think they were that good. Here in Spain you're doing well with $2200 and that's a senior position at a big multinational. Those greenhouses are the size of many football fields.. Putting tarps over them is a job that will take many days :) But yeah shutters or something smarter (like two-state glass) should work IMO. I think you even get glass that can switch to mirror mode. From the article: "From former schoolmates who now work in the medical profession, I learned that medical workers were not given medical supplies and were exposed to a risk of death. Many people wonder: Why didn't they go on strike? It is because they were informed that if they went on strike, their licenses to practice medicine would be revoked and their family members' jobs would be affected." I'm sure that this kind of thing will not happen in Germany and UK. It's not really the handling of the virus situation, it's his realisation that he's living in a totalitarian state that he's writing about. Oh that's a blast from the past. I used to use this all the time for testing international calls. "Welcome to Moviefone, brought to you by the new york times!" Thanks for making this! :D It would be, but how do you go through the whole install every time you need it? It's like the Ozone layer and acid rain. Climate sceptics often use these as an excuse. "Yes but there was sooo much hubbub about those and it proved to be nothing". Well, yes it is nothing now because it was decisively and effectively handled. The ozone layer is still recovering but on a steady path there, and acid rain is reduced to the point of not really being an issue anymore (at least in the western world!). Stuff really would have gone wrong with Y2K. Maybe not armageddon but yes. There was a problem. Who wrote that article? It reads like Chinese that was put through a bad version of google translate. I mean really who uses 'cum' in an official article (even though it's not in an NSFW context and technically used correctly). It's a word that has fallen into disuse because its 'other' use has taken over its association entirely :) You won't find this in a serious publication. And this "Distance reconnaissance: 400 km with 20 m wrong; Number of goals can stick to 200 targets simultaneously." Whatever it is, this ain't English. Oh dear.... Never heard of this but I'm glad the cold war is over. "Alright chaps, let's bury some 10 kiloton nuclear mines in Germany in case the Russians come.", From wikipedia: "deny occupation of the area to an enemy for an appreciable time due to contamination" "It was judged that the risks posed by the nuclear fallout and the political aspects of preparing for destruction and contamination of allied territory were too high to justify. " Ummmmmm yeah WOULD YOU THINK??? "One particularly remarkable proposal suggested that live chickens be included in the mechanism. The chickens would be sealed inside the casing, with a supply of food and water; they would remain alive for a week or so. Their body heat would, it seems, have been sufficient to keep the mine's components at a working temperature." Ok...... Now I'm really wondering if the Soviets were the crazy ones. I really haven't seen it in that context for the last 15 years or so :) Maybe it's just me :) But really the whole article reeks of Engrish, it's not just that. Just wondering, I use a CPAP machine... If I were to get this, could I use that to keep going at home? (Perhaps with a higher setting). It sounds like the same thing. CPAP masks do leak air but contamination doesn't really matter as I live alone. Yeah I hate ZOOM sooo much. First there was the issue with them turning on the camera by default. At least you could turn that off. Then there was the spyware they installed on every Mac without even asking for consent. And now this... Since the spyware thing I refuse to install their crap on my machine, but one of our suppliers still uses it and the web client is very choppy.. But they'll just have to put up with it. I'm never installing it again. Yeah that's an issue with many 'modern' apps. MS Teams does the same :( I really preferred slack but now that MS throws Teams in for free we have to cope with that. I still use RSA mainly because Yubikey doesn't support them yet with OpenPGP keys.. I felt the increase in security usage was a worthy compromise to using RSA with a key length that's not yet broken. I think Fido2 mode does support it but I don't know whether I trust Fido2 fully for SSH.. Especially because it seems to still store a private key locally, which defeats the whole purpose of using a hardware key (I saw this here: https://developers.yubico.com/SSH/ ). The whole idea is to not have the private key anywhere but inside the token itself. It's also a bit early in development where RSA has proven itself. It has some known weaknesses (including high quantum computing vulnerability) but they're well understood. Ouch... Nasty stuff. I had no idea. Thanks for explaining all this in plain English because that paper is Chinese to me :) Nice, I like this!! It should be standard in Kali :) Azorian is not news though, even in 2017 it wasn't :) This is why something serverless is needed. Then there is nobody to sue. I feel you man. I live in Spain and we have been in this since the 12th of March. I live alone and it's horrible. It's a total nightmare. I'm not even sure what's the point of living anymore. The virus can't be that bad. I really miss walking in nature, there's mountains nearby and I always walked there to clear my head. Now the walls are coming at me. I really wish they would let us go out but with care (observing the 1,5m etc).. Like in other coutries with more sane politicians. This is extremely cruel. I'm sure it's very safe and all but this is killing me inside too. Literally if this lasts a few more months I will not be able to live with it. The first few weeks I spent time cleaning up and doing some online learning but the constant state of extreme anxiety makes this impossible now. I wish I could just go in a coma for a few months (or years, however long it takes). Yeah well at least you can go out to run. Here in Spain we're completely imprisoned :( It's a nightmare and really detrimental to our health (especially mental). I'm actually trying to work 24/7 as much as possible because it keeps the anxiety at bay a bit.. But there's 4 days off from tomorrow which is going to be the hardest yet. And the government just announced they want to extend it until at least the 10th of May. I'm already contemplating the point of life and the company scaling down our jobs is also not helping. The economy is a huge problem. And the lockdown is literally killing me mentally. I'd rather take a 1% chance of dying from the virus than a 25% chance of killing myself if this lasts a few months more. And I'm only 1 month in now. Well look how the countries with decent healthcare are fairing, like Germany. Not many deaths per infected people. And the nordic countries. Look how Spain, Italy and France are fucking up after spending year after year cutting funding to healthcare ever since the 2007 recession. So yes it is their failure too. Maybe not totally as nobody could have prepared for this, but governments have been seeing healthcare as an 'indivual's problem' rather than a 'community problem' for far too long. Yeah for me the worst is not knowing how long this is for. And the complete refusal to relax even a little bit. If I could just go out for a walk on my own... This would give me so much stability and would compromise nobody. There's mountains nearby where I can walk for hours without meeting anyone. But I need to walk a couple km through the city to get there and the chance of getting caught is too high. I don't really have any annoyances to be honest. Just complete anxiety :'( I'm not worried about the virus at all. The solitude is literally much more life-threatening for me. The lockdown is hitting where it really hurts because I have a strong tendency for depression. Yeah indeed, videoconferencing is super depressing. I completely stopped doing it (except for work), as it enforced my emptiness even more. You're right :'( The day the lockdown was announced I was gearing up for a big walk in the mountains but people were already getting scared and my friends advised me not to go.. Which I followed. I soo regret not going now. Make the most of it while you can! Well, I can't really blame the population for not taking it seriously. Even the Spanish government talked it down strongly. And to be fair, it could have fizzled out like SARS version 1 did in the early 2000's. This is SARS version 2 after all. True, I will probably switch to something like that. The problem with tor I don't like is that it's no longer the lighthouse of freedom it once was. It's too tainted by all the perverts and heavy criminals that abuse its power. The same happened with Freenet sadly and completely killed it for the mainstream public. This "slimy" feeling is slowly corroding tor as well. I can't help but feel it does need some kind of control, not identification of peers but some kind of banhammer. Also, the anonimity tor/tox provides is not really needed as I'll use it to communicate with people who know who I am anyway. Finally, tor isn't exactly serverless either. Governments could shut it down if they wanted to. But I think they rely on it too. I'm sure they run exit nodes to keep tabs on things and I'd imagine they use it for communication with their own spies. After all, it was invented by the US government itself for such reasons. Lexapro does pretty much nothing for me :( But I'm only on 10... If I could talk to my doctor I would definitely ask for more (though I hate the side effects) but it's impossible to get an appointment now :( Ok that is impressive... Very well done. And then to imagine I paid thousands for one back in the day (though my dad's work "PC at home" project). I could have just waited 35 years and spent 1 buck for the ESP8266 :) If you're interesting in building your own you can get a 12" one from waveshare: https://www.waveshare.com/product/displays/e-paper/12.48inch... This is the black/white one, they do a black/white/red one too. But beware, they take really long to refresh (the red color takes several refreshes to appear). And the one with red is on backorder till June. It can be powered by a raspberry pi (or ESP32 or Arduino) and is (much) cheaper than the ereader options of the same size: Only about $170. PS Beware: You can't simply start up a user interface like X-Windows on it. You have to write software to display on it. The display is addressed in 4 separate sections so it's not super easy. Stupid question but why is your username green and all the others' are black? :) Ahh that makes sense, thanks!! I thought it was more like "verified" or something. That will have.... unintended consequences. "Are you afraid of COVID-19 or are you just happy to see me?" :') But seriously, it can't be good to walk around with a boner all day every day. Could be intimidating for women too. And embarrassing for men. Maybe if it's effective to people already infected and in hospital anyway. But I couldn't see this socially feasible as a preventative drug.