Why do you have a hard time with that? Are we some sort of special snowflake? Was life formed all at the same time everywhere? For all we know alien civilisations have been around for a billion years already. I guess the difficulty with this is that we're faced with groups that are actively telling us what to do by ways of advertising. They ask more nicely, and are at times much less obvious, but it's still has a great influence. I'm not even in your country, and honestly, I don't want to live there. Where you see people shouting "freedom" the loudest, I see fear, distrust, and anger. I'm just pointing out that no one is as free as you think you are because you always have influences. But I appreciate your willingness for open thought and reflection. I can't wait to see the first team of 5 separate AI learn to insult each other. It'll be a watershed moment in history when the first vote to kick another AI occurs. Sorry, I don't believe in absolute freedom of speech. In fact I don't believe in anything absolute. But enjoy your black and white world. It appears to be a very angry place where one either lives in a fictional idealized America or North Korea. Me too. I'm just weary of it appealing via marketing to those without the skills to fully understand their choices or to understand that their are being advertised to, like children. That's what I keep telling my amputee friend too - just walk it off. That's what I'm wondering about this whole thing - by what metrics can we test MAGA? I'm beginning to feel like this is Obama 2.0 when it comes to a revolution - in 4 to 8 years we will look back and go "huh, pretty much business as normal". I'm not worried about a random scapegoat, but I do just see this fizzling, and the anger and division being there again in 4 years time. The hard part will be "and here's our alternative!" You think anything can astound the left after last night? Make robots pay taxes! I really don't think one can emphasize the health and life benefits of any sort of full-ish body strength training. I'm a huge proponent of full body movement based barbell training, but exactly like you said, pushups, pullups, that sort of thing makes every aspect of your life better. No one has ever regretted getting even a little bit stronger. I love rowing for conditioning. It's up there with prowler/sled for puke factor if that's what you're going for, and it's great for general cardio if you don't like uncontrollable body tremors. In my country / province (Canada / Alberta), IT workers are considered professionals and as such we are overtime exempt while we in no way qualify as "high earners" compared to a lot of the surrounding vocations - is that the same where you are, or are we just getting a raw deal up here? Yup... I'm in the wrong company. That's the philosophy I try to live by. I always assume that in 5-10 years I'll assume that current me will seem like an idiot. "Just run it off." http://scienceblogs.com/mixingmemory/2006/10/21/if-i-dont-re... Amnesiacs who ate a big lunch could eat another large lunch after they forgot the first one. Not perfect, but it helps indicate a leaning towards hunger, satiety, and the mind. I know for myself it really changed how I felt when I made the move to barbell training. Heavy compound lifts require a sort of zen-like focus that really clears my mind and re-centers me. I can't tell you the number of times I've walked out of the gym with my mood having done a complete 180 from when I walked in. > Good article but in essence, it only works for freelancers, especially the 20 something kind who programs or designs and interacts with his customer through skype. That's exactly my thoughts. I provide analysis & design work for government - even the fact that I'm an early riser is an issue, as leaving the office that 1-2 hours before the government mandated 4:30 end time causes them to be partially without the instant support and feedback they expect. Life, uh, finds a way. I guess the theory is you can't be too poor to gamble? That's my struggle with this - it feels like living in constant fear of something going awry and a bout of extreme anxiety every 6-12 months. I'll take my impostor syndrome and constant medium-high anxiety thank you very much. I need to figure out a way to bill for time I've spent thinking about the problem rather than the time my butt was in the seat. I made that mistake as well. Did what people were telling me to do and it got me nowhere. Got a useless university degree in something I liked because I thought having a degree would help, and was told by everyone that I was too "gifted" not to get one. Found out it just makes you super pretentious at retail jobs while you struggle to pay off the debt. I managed to pay that debt off, and 5 years ago I figured out what I should actually do, went back to school yet again, and again I've spent the last 3 years again paying off the exact average amount of student loan debt in a job that seems to pay about $100k less than what the valley pays. Just payed off the last of my student debt in one big lump sum on Sunday. I was super aggressive paying off my loans and I'm so very thankful they are done. Now in my mid 30's, used to living like a pauper but entirely debt free, and I can finally start putting my money towards things that matter. I really wish I'd gotten good advice about where I should probably head a decade and a half ago, when I still had savings and a larger support network. I would have only had to go through this once, though I know I'm one of the lucky ones in that I've been able to pay it off at all. I'm not against student debt in general, schools unfortunately cost money, I just wish the guidance counselors talked about the ROI of particular degrees and pushed the trades and technical colleges harder. My ability to talk about the socioeconomic results of the black plague doesn't enhance my employability. Thankfully I figured out that SQL, Python, and C# does on my own. Yeah, unfortunately I was a dutiful kid who trusted and listened to the advice to those who offered it. Made that first round of bad choices pretty devastating. Which is why I'm only finally crawling out of the flaming wreckage that was my initial career trajectory now. In the grim darkness of the far future, there is only ! And here I was wondering what my new anxiety for the day would be. They absolutely are. For example: http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20150514-extraordinary-pollin... I'm trying to figure out whose idea IT professionals being salaried was. I just looked it up, as a Canadian living in Alberta I make the average yearly salary. I refuse to seem him speak. He's made some sort of otherworldly bargain, I just know it. Like Odin trading his eye for wisdom, Teller traded his voice for magic. Or maybe Penn traded Teller's voice for magic. I could see that. Does that mean that it fails at duck typing? That's my reasoning as well - while we don't do "our 40 and go home", it looks conspicuously similar, and we bill the client by our hours worked, and so any time I'm at work not putting in billable time is my own time I'm wasting. Working at a place that focuses on billable hours and the majority of work is time and materials, the answer speaks for itself. Given the other incredibly insightful posts from people who are going through this exact problem as we speak, and knowing that I'm in all likelyhood decades away from having to face such a problem, I feel incredibly silly saying this, but I totally agree with you - contemplating my own lack of existence is maddening to me. I want nothing more than to never cease being, to never stop learning and experiencing and seeing how the world and I change, and the knowledge that one day I'll stop fills me with intense dread and sadness. It's utterly egotistical, but I don't want there to ever be a time where I don't exist. Which is ridiculous, because I didn't exist for the huge of time, but now that I'm here, I really don't want to stop being. The idea that instead of moving on or experiencing something new I'll experience nothing, and I'll never come back from it, never get a chance to experience anything ever again, is horrifying. I can hold over a HP for a minute, and that's it, I need to go throw up. But it was a fun goal. I love #1, I just find that it never comes without #2. Problem solving is great, problem solving on deadline is much less relaxing. Probably a human bias for us. We can pick out differences in human faces easier, so we can tell the difference in the images. Looking at those pictures, I'd say that the monkey brain puts on 10 lbs. I take water and coffee breaks to try and think, but for some reason most of my inspirations occur at a urinal. Should make a nice nest to put your bottlecaps in. In Firefox Developer Edition everything happens faster than in regular Firefox, though they seem to end at the same result. I wonder why that is. Animation doesn't seem much faster. I think the "neither instance seems to actually make physical sense" is due to a lack of friction. As a Canadian, to get 2.5 GB of data from a larger cell phone company costs me over $100 / month (there are smaller companies that will reduce that, but still, it's little data for quite a bit of money). I'm very happy I can force things to download only over WiFi. I'm 6'6" and haven't flown in nearly two decades - I have no idea if I'm going to fit into a seat at the moment, and have no idea how to check. I'm facing my first work flight next month and a honeymoon in January, and don't know what to do to make sure I'll have enough room. I know there's seat length available online, but who knows if I'll measure correctly and end up wedged into a seat I can't possibly sit into. Funny about all this is that they are charging $200 to remove the immobilizer, and by immobilizing the vehicle it's clear it's not been removed... so why are they immobilizing his vehicle for the $200 charge for removal of a product that they didn't remove? My brain, it hurts. They are asserting that it's their property, but they want to charge to get it back, and will punish you if you don't pay. Man, I love car dealerships. I think it really depends on what you're using them for. I know I use both every day. I find myself using VSCode for more of my coding (taking advantage of intellisense and the built in debugger for my python work), while I find that Sublime has a much better "find in files" (as we use CVS for version control), and its general better for opening one-off files or lengthy debug logs with its amazing speed, and having enough respect to not leave little .vscode folders everywhere you tinker. If you entered gibberish into the site, it seems it would randomly tell you if you were compromised or not. https://techcrunch.com/2017/09/08/psa-no-matter-what-you-wri... International Gibberish Day - they still haven't even made an effort to identify those in Canada and the UK who were affected. It's a whole world of nonsense. Just like everything else in regards to this issue - who knows? It's a noisy mess, and the only thing we can be sure of is that it's going to be a never-ending nightmare for a lot of people through absolutely no fault of their own, requiring constant vigilance for the rest of their lives, and the system that built and continues to support this monster isn't going away any time soon. Sadly, being the commodity and not the customer, even though it directly affects our lives, and in spite of it being a private company, we can't do anything about it. And is the hope then that Equifax will go out of business? Are we under the assumption that either of the other two are better, or are they just the same, and they haven't had their day in the spotlight yet?