How about just googling it? "ua 941" what about gopher:// !!!! No discussion of C++ should go without mentioning the C++ FQA (Frequently Questioned Answers). It carefully explains every single thing wrong with the language, and there's a LOT to explain. http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/ Skip to http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/defective.html for a great overview. And if anyone ever mentions "templates" again I'm gonna smack them hard. Considering Nolan has managed to tank a number of startups over his lifetime post-Atari, I'm guessing he has experience from the other end. Anyone still holding uWink stock out there? I'll second that. Qt is a beautiful toolkit. It's just enough C++ to be useful, and avoids all the templates and obnoxious flotsam that makes that language such a horror. Signals and slots work great, and other tools (qmake for example) are a pleasure to use. I just take it as an indication that people in the IT/computer fields just don't have any exposure to this kind of work, and they are curious about it. How many kids graduating with a CS or IT degree today have ever wired up a circuit? Or played with a microprocessor and hooked something up to it? I bet that number is smaller than you think. GPS won't help you enter a URL from a magazine ad. QR is a nice idea, fills a niche, and since you don't need a standalone barcode reader like the CueCat anymore this might have a chance here in the USA. Threading. Which is what Wave is trying to offer. Yeah, some of us are late on this story. Considering a second HN post just above this one (The girl who cried webmaster) refers to the same story, and the original post on that blog was deleted, I have no backstory. Can someone fill us in? I'm in agreement with the article, but I think it's more of a way to leverage a bit more publicity for the Pre. It can go both ways: 1) Apple does nothing and Pre makes it a selling point, or 2) Apple sues them and Palm makes themselves the victim, crying for equal rights for all media devices under iTunes. Palm gets publicity as the underdog, and Apple is the big bad Death Star. At best, Palm capitalizes on the anti-Apple sentiment out there. At worst...the Pre loses syncing? Right, and just like in #2 all the existing Pre users cry all over the internet claiming Apple took away their right to enjoy their music using iTunes. I'm also wondering if enough complaining could grab the attention of the government. Okay, so you won't buy one. But I would, just to websurf sitting on the couch. I want a form factor like a magazine or book, not a 5 pound laptop. That's pretty much correct. WindRiver was gaining a lot of ground recently in the embedded linux area, especially doing baseports of the kernel to new processors. Considering a lot of those new processors are ARM-based and Intel would like some embedded developer love for Atom, it looks like a purely strategic decision. Considering they were part of the Android open handset alliance (I believe they helped with the first kernel on the G1), it'll be interesting to see what happens with future development in that area. Most of the new Android handsets are ARM cores (Google wrote an ARM-optimized libc especially for the system). VxWorks had a reputation of being extremely expensive. Long time back we asked for a quote to use Vx in a casino gaming system. They asked what our annual revenue was before giving us a quote. We decided at that moment to write our own RTOS. I wonder if things like that eventually came back to haunt them as the OS world went open source. I don't recall any paperwork at all circa 1992-1994. You filled out an e-mail form and sent it back to NSF. It was pretty much all automated. Go check out the fine print where AT&T wants $400 from you to break the contract on your existing 3G and buy the 3GS. Yeah, Apple skipped through that part of the presentation REEEAAALLLY fast. Guess they don't want to be the ones to give the bad news. Hmm, didn't fix my iPhone client. Try again! Yeah, I'm not convinced that Google departing this market would lead to it's demise. The void would just fill up with other advertisers chomping at the bit for that cash. That's probably why Google it still doing it. Man, I hope you never wind up in a hospital with your nurse reading that comment. This line really bugged me: "Google may also face some touchy decisions. For example, its YouTube subsidiary uses Flash for its video, but the inclusion of HTML 5 capabilities in browsers might cause YouTube to rethink that decision, notes Fette. "It's a cost/benefit analysis that they'd need to make." I know Yahoo! doesn't like to drink the Google koolaid, but they should have at least paid attention to the fact that Google has been converting the video on YouTube from FLV to H.264 for some time now. They launched it alongside iPhone (no flash player there, remember?) If HTML5 got enough momentum, you'd see the FLV content on YouTube disappear overnight. Very true, and something I realized I didn't mention. But I think that shows Adobe is hedging it's bet on FLV and the ON2 codec. I asked a coworker who went to WWDC about this incident, and it went down nothing like Marco said. Yes, Apple engineers skipped the Q&A, but were all available at the foot of the stage after the presentation to take individual (and off-the-record) questions. After working with Flash Lite for way too long, I gotta agree. I'm still convinced it's all about . All this clamoring for Flash on iPhone, Flash on Android, Flash on GE Ovens etc is all about people getting their video (cough cough PORN) on their handsets. Give them H.264 and a -tag enabled browser, throw in a little JQuery for animating menus and eye candy, and we'll leave Flash in the dust for good. Javascript is the new bytecode. Why not just buy a new one from Unicomp with modern USB ports and etc etc? You've never read theregister.com before, have you? This is an average article from them. Welcome to the real world, Android. skip intro....skip intro....skip intro....skip intro..... So does that mean you can't program these HP emulators? I see the [R/S] key right there in the screenshots. I was all excited about Joost when the first stories about it were circulating on the net. I signed up for the beta. And waited. And waited. Then I could finally download the client (that's another strike in itself), then discovered it wouldn't run on my older hardware. That's when I gave up. Hulu had a much shorter private period, much laxer signup rules, and didn't need a dedicated client player. I'm intrigued by this story as well, but if the Canonical Yamhead is going to jump into the pool then all credibility is lost for sure. Sigh. Cache please? Unless that's the point, since his server has since melted into a pool of lava. Sigh. Didn't we just go through this with the lawsuit involving Apple and the Apple blogs? http://www.nytimes.com/2005/03/12/technology/12blog.html?_r=... "[The ruling]... focused on the notion that the published information included trade secrets and was essentially stolen property." Oh, I see. I guess my interpretation of "stolen property" is different from yours. Sorry. Nobody else seems to be bothered by it. I don't believe porn site owners really aspire to have cutting-edge designs on their sites. If the code is part of the reason for Goldman's huge profits, then let's hear about it. There are a few sites accusing GS of packet-sniffing the NYSE electronic exchange and slipping in their trades microseconds before the real trades take place. Those are rumors. One known fact is that Goldman was pulling down USD $100,000,000 per DAY in profits from their automated trading systems. That's a hundred million dollars. A day. Okay, I'll concede that. What I won't ever believe is that Goldman made 100 million dollars in profit trading securities and commodities only for customers in this current economic climate. You can get full data with T-Mobile prepaid? I'm using a SIM pulled from a $19.99 prepaid phone stuck in an iPhone 2G and all I get is EDGE service, funneled through their WAP portal. You really need the monthly service to get full internet connectivity (friend's G1 SIM in my phone works great). It's also not a bug. The article never titled it a bug. It's also easy to lose sight of the fact that the first moon landing was not the first mission shot into space. It was the end result of 12 Gemini missions and 10 previous Apollo missions. That's a lot of spacecraft to build and shoot into space beforehand. The software, of course, was amazing. But I was more blown away reading this article and seeing it was a bunch of engineers in their late 20s and early 30s running the show. Geez. Yeah, it would have made more sense. All I see here is an infinite loop. Keep clicking and let us know if you see it unwind. Wasn't there a proposal floating around to make all orders valid for one second, effectively killing these types of trades? I'm all for that. No individual investor can cancel a trade that quickly, how come it's okay for GS and all the other traders to do it? I don't consider it an inefficiency as much as a parasitic loss. All those man-in-the-middle fragments are being scooped up and funneled to one entity. It's not really his job to care what the private sector does with GPS. In fact, if some kind of combat ever broke out inside the borders of the USA, civilian GPS would be shut off in a heartbeat. The European system is called Galileo: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galileo_(satellite_navigation) Supposedly ready by 2013. Digital projection systems are paid for by the theater owners, not the distributor. Then it becomes a chicken-and-egg problem. Theaters won't install the expensive systems if there's no content to show on them, and the actual demand from filmgoers is still an unknown (i.e. does the improved quality and increase in available screens bring in more box office revenue?) Filmmakers won't go through the trouble of digitizing and sending out the films digitally if there are no theaters to show it. I do too. I almost feel bad saying I agree with the Yamhead, but the more I read about HST and the wave of financial types claiming this is all perfectly legal just makes me angrier and angrier. Without donning the tinfoil hat for too long, you gotta wonder if that source code Aleynikov tried to take away from Goldman was a smoking gun. I've never seen the FBI move so fast. When the hat comes off it's probably just one mechanic trying to take the toolbox to another garage. Funny thing. I can swap "Wall Street" for "Las Vegas" in what you just said, and it reads exactly the same. It boils down to this, in my opinion: 1) The market is simply random. Every stock you buy is a bet placed on a roulette table. 2) Mutual funds, derivatives, etc are just ways of hiding the randomness. (Hey, why play at one roulette table when you can play at 1,000 at the same time! Less risk!) 3) Even if you do decide to take the plunge and buy in, the system is rigged against you. Much smarter people have figured out how to get theirs and get out before you know what's happened. The house always wins. I personally have no problem with people investing their retirement in the market...if the market was directly tied to the economy and the growth of companies. But I don't see that market as being ABOUT that anymore. It's become a world of side bets and arbitrage plays. When an outsider analyst has more influence over the price of a stock than the company itself, then the market is a game, not an investment. For example: a company can show growth, real POSITIVE growth...but ohmygodholyjebus if it's not EXACTLY what the analysts predicted then the stock is toast for the quarter. What the hell is that all about? Why do we play quarter to quarter instead of decade to decade? Because Wall Street is now about churn. And churn makes commissions.