Now that top tier drive maker has acquired the 2nd or 3rd tier maker expect storage prices to go up. Seagate isn't the competition it used to be. If this is true, this is lame. You can't lose. Lame. you are addicted to infographics. Emacs had nothing to do with it. I don't think the government would deny either. I have 3 stations. 2x (2 24") and 27". One 2 24" is landscape portrait where the the other is dual portrait. I think I prefer having two monitors. It is really nice to have a terminal window, docs and IDE open all at the same time. Having the code on the vertical portrait monitor is nice (140+ lines visible at a time). Bezels were never a problem for me. See http://vimeo.com/22606387 Kostis Sagonas goes over PropEr and Dialyzer for Erlang. http://groups.google.com/group/erlang-programming/browse_thr... http://dialyzer.softlab.ntua.gr/ With these two tools one can have a stronger type system than Haskell. PropEr is amazing work. Not to mention CED https://github.com/mariachris/CED which checks all possible state transitions for race conditions. When is the pretending so good that it ceases to be pretending? How much Mocking does the Mocking Bird need to partake in before it is the Creating Mocking Bird? What it didn't seem like Norvig got was difference between understanding and a highly sophisticated pretender. Gut Level vs Self Aware intelligence. Both are valid forms of intelligence but only one is a valid form of understanding. I think statistical methods are a form of intelligence that are highly mechanical and could never achieve human level cognition (ie fart jokes). But I could be wrong, usually am more than half the time. Intel will stop making bricks (metaphor) and skip 28nm and go directly to 20nm for Atom. It is their only hope to get into mobile, even then it will be a weak value prop as the entire mobile market will be on an ARM ISA. Even though the whole dev chain is slightly more flexible to an ISA change, Intel will still be slighty x86ed out of the market only they will be on the other side of the fence this time. Intel won't run on the phones, but they might, if they play their cards right run on tablets and netbooks. It really does suck to be the 900 Lb gorilla. It is also a great excuse for podunk "Great Communicator" loving sherifs to implement American Fascism. As much as I love how safe NYC is, I don't want it to turn into Singapore. Don't mock this guy lest he get all agro on you. You should read, watch and listen to Hitler's speeches. He told the German people they were different, special and they had a destiny. That it would be wrong (all of the metaphysicals) to not fulfill that destiny. That they were a perfect beautiful people and he could see that it was so by being an imperfect non-full blooded aryan looking in on what their true potential could be. Amazingly manipulative stuff. I almost made a snarky comment on the sf comment section about how they aren't the most unpopular kid, there is always java.net! Lua's draw is not in its libraries (beyond a core set of very awesome GEMS). The stuff that is important is actively developed and will be ported forward if there is indeed an issue. Rarely can you go trolling for a library with a long line down rigger and find a good fish. Many libraries are out of date, the rocks system needs improvement. The addition of the bitops into core is very much welcomed. These changes look really good. I would love to see someone make a CoffeeScript to Lua compiler. My main area of concern is when the wonderful Mike Pall will port LuaJit to 5.2 when it is released. Maybe in Lua 6 they can default to local vars and add list comprehensions. Lua ranks up there with SQLite in awesomeness. I am strictly a server side programmer and have a problem doing front end work. I want to learn it, but it feels like a sheer cliff to me. The low level CoffeeScript documentation is excellent. What I am looking for and not being a JavaScript programmer this is admittedly difficult for me, is some hand holding on the mechanics. * packaging, how do I import modules or packages? Do these even exist? * debugging, how do I do this? * unit testing? I installed CoffeeScript via node, then npm (node package manager) and am using it via the command line. Something like the ipython ( http://ipython.scipy.org/moin/ ) shell along with pdb ( http://muffinresearch.co.uk/archives/2008/04/27/python-debug... ) would help immensely in my adoption of CoffeeScript. In a perfect world the repl/debugger would be built into the webapp and open a websocket to another webapp so I could introspect/debug the page from another page while it was running (turtles all the way down). This is similar to the workflow for developing server side software (Jython, Python, Java). This is not new. Reform would be to have actually created the thing you are patenting and not a loose description of how one might/could build the thing. It shouldn't be patentable unless you have done it. It would but none of the players have the mindshare, capital or cred to do this. We are at a near perfect astable state in terms of competition. I am really stoked about all of this. This is makes sense, esp with regards to the scalar core that is being included in the CU. Most likely that scalar core is ARM derived. I made noises that AMD needed to remove 32 bit and SSE and just focus on OpenCL. What is being speculated actually reaches much farther than that and is a better design. Thanks for the clue stick. Also more corroborating evidence, Anton Chernoff one of the main creators of FX!32 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FX!32 ) works for AMD Boston. FX!32 was/is one of the most badass dynamic recompilation engines I have ever witnessed. It could load X86 executables and effectively JIT them to Alpha. This is the kinda of technology needed to support a virtual ISA. Anton Chernoff http://www.linkedin.com/pub/anton-chernoff/1/59/6b2 http://www.usenix.org/publications/library/proceedings/useni... Half-Life Catacombs. Portal to Purgatory. If Valve bought PopCap then it would be like a Reese's Pieces. Two already great tastes coming together. PopCap is the perfect cultural infusion that could get Steam opened up to a larger (non asian 17 year old male) market. AMD is definitely not on board with Microsoft taking over the scene. AMD is 100% behind standards, standards like OpenCL. Look at the way MS implemented their AMP C++ GPU story, http://herbsutter.com/2011/06/16/c-amp-keynote/ that looks to me like it targets and has all the limitations of DirectCompute (MS specific GPGPU). If MS really wants to make this a standard then most likely AMD will implement that standard using Open64 ( http://www.open64.net/ ) and emit OpenCL kernels which will be handed off to their device specific OpenCL compilers. I don't think MS has the power you give it credit for. We are nearly in a post MS reality. It is like 1988 all over again. DR Dos, DESQview, GEOS they are all back in way with iOS, Android (which oddly enough is more Newton influenced than iOS). The Win95 logo on a K5 doesn't bother me, Nokia doing really stupid stuff is indicative that they didn't have any solid competition for a great long while and went batshit insane. I had reports from Finnish friends that claimed that Nokia acted like they owned the whole damn country and make or break any law it pleased. When that kind of hubris implodes you best not be standing too close. They could have made a tidy sum selling well built yet simple Android powered phones to the worlds bottom 2 Billion People while attacking the verticals underserved by Nextel and Blackberry's gaffs. HTC owns the mainstream sexy-as-hell phone market. I would not try or want to compete with HTC. AMD is above all this buffoonery, they are about to license their IP and throw it to the wind. And ARM might just end up managing the portfolio. Sistine Chapplaquiddick - Some sort of first person drunk angel flight sim Bad name. Disco has a tag based DDFS which is very awesome, http://discoproject.org/ . You are asking too much for a drop in DFS solution. You will need to roll something. I would use Riak and Python FUSE. Should only take you a weekend. I posted some notes here to get you started. http://pastebin.com/raw.php?i=Dn2JTbfd I already had that in my notes. They are in no particular order, they just caught my eye at the time for whatever reason. Thank you both for these links, I am off to a very good start. I am utterly offended, DOS is awesome. Esp for embedded devices where the OS and the application are the same thing. Less complexity leads to more stability. Flame wars are the most virulent when the enemy is extremely close to your position but doesn't take it. Emacs and VIM, essentially the same. Mercurial and GIT, again, the same. If the differences are too far apart the whole argument becomes, meh. meh. Although I haven't used it, there is a version of Python for DOS, http://www.caddit.net/pythond/downloads.php but Lua might be a better choice. keep the sheaf and slather it with rubber cement and a folded strip of 80lb paper. instant new binding on that stack o papers. I have a mechanical cutter since I don't have access to a die cutters shop, good for you! They can be had for around 120 the last time I looked. You are absolved of your sins my son. Digitize away. If we don't do it, the books will rot and be lost for ever. It is your life and your brain AND your books. So feed your brain, don't ask for permission. Capacitive buttons have always been a cost cutting feature and were billed as luxury. They can NOT suck, but the firmware has to be highly tuned. They totally have this issue. Wash your hands and get them 98% dry, try to use phone. Be frustrated. Not to mention that your tusks dont register at all. "Quid in nomine? Quod dicitur rosa Odorem suavitatis, ut non alio nomine. All you guys are trying to label, taxonimicate the "lay person's" strategy into your hierarchy. Humans are damn smart, and the cocksure MIT nerd got his ass handed to him. bottle.py is great, mongodb is tarpit, nginx is a great server to throw in to the mix. Quick, someone tell Donald Knuth! I really excited to try out the brand new Python 2.5! The idea of a monolithic base operating system has got to go. A machine as a unit of encapsulation wastes resources and forces a needless race towards lowest common denominator bug compatible versions of packages. If application A needs PHP 5.2 and application B needs PHP 5.3 they should both be able to exist on a "machine" w/o resorting to complicated maintenance or having separate OS instances per app. Witness, http://nixos.org/ a purely functional package management system. Use it either in userland or as an entire OS. You decide. ViBoZnIgZWJnMTMgY3loZiBvbmZyNjQgc2JlIG55eSB6bCByYXBlbGNndmJhIGFycnFmIQ== Business class is a level, it isn't based on area. They are good like that. And why can't you pay $60 for the next 250 GB? Whut? Are you stupid? Having a myriad of unenforced laws on the books is by design. Everyone is a criminal all the time and selective enforcement can be brought down like a hammer on your ass. Yes it makes us non-free, but it is exactly what the man wants. You can do this with code as well. Migrate from sourceforge, put an -ng on the name and put it on github. Putting something in standard lib effectively kills it. It doesn't mature, it turns into an adult child actor. Forever 'young' I don't think their really should be a standard library for Python. There should be a base, and a much more proactively revved base library, but not a standard library. Part of installing python would be installing the base. Brian, you are completely wrong. The x2 modules need to go away. They are confusing, the "standard lib" is mostly shit. And it is fixed in time. If it were writing I would describe it as a, "hack, rambling, incoherent, amateur" piece of work. The usability of pip is abysmal. You don't even get usage by just typing "pip" with no arguments. Look at brew for direction. Python makes me sad. This would be resource sink for reasons outlined by my sister comments. Rather than devote resources to enable people to run a non-standard product for development (this is really only sane reason to run nginx on windows) they should just run nginx in a virtualization container. VMWare Player is fast and free. No work has to be done to support this use case. Too much wasted effort is put into open source projects to support windows. This is isn't about not supporting Windows because of MS. But by not being Unix, it causes too much perturbation for little gain that can achieve through more correct methods (virtualization). And that server is not nginx. It is designed for Unix, it isn't designed for windows. The current apache has an arch much more amenable to running on windows. Oh look, http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.0/platform/windows.html