Let it prove something first then we have something Not yet but in like 5 years yeah, pretty sure IPad Pro is faster than MacBooks just 3 years ago Don't try to please everyone What's a Quine Just use the normal git fallback command Oh, that's why it got shut down. Thanks What are they used for? A required part for a time machine?? Depends where you work, some will help you gradually learn new stuff. But if you are a contractor, you'd need to learn to keep up. That's why hey are paid more Tell me when there is actually a useful computer, otherwise it's all talk and no action I find if there is a big contrast in noises, say if the office is usually quiet and a coworker starts making noises, they are more distractive than if in a constantly noisy environment and a loud coworker makes noise. I would say the contrast is a huge factor as the article seem to suggest Docker SHALL NOT run databases in production, by design." You need to use external volumes Cease fire is used to buy time, most times both sides understands this I would just buy a good value stock that gets whacked and 2 days after trump wins, and hold for long. What infuriates me more is the people jumping to conclusion about their futures They use rubber gripper to spin each side and known algorithms to solve. The hard part is the speed of the visual recognition. Is methane from cows counted towards a deficit in the carbon trade? Because it's cumbersome-ness decreases usage Very nice coin term for just another deep learning method Weren't people still trying to adapt to angular 3? Last time I checked a week ago 3 of my friends brought a MacBook Pro as long time of users. So you got new users and so called "loyalist" leaves For learners, finishing matters because: 1. The learning you get from going thru whole cycle is valuable for next projects. Even if you release a few turds. Say you release an iOS app as a measure of finish. For veterans, finishing does not matter because: 1. If you see a piece a piece of turd and not able to say no to it, you will probably be wasting valuable time finishing to save face as the author may suggest. --- Is like in war, you need to know when to retreat, and cut losses(save your time and not finish). That's the perplexing part is when to retreat at the right time. They will be exported because the capital isn't readily available there to bring these ppl together in one place. Didn't want to read, at what temperature? Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. They are as secure as the words on that page that they wrote the security on. Can you really trust it? Lol there is no alternative, unless you don't care for any of macOS's features that makes it so great. Seem like a fancy name for parallel computing chip that specialize in efficient parallel computing Maybe old food has more chance to accumulate crap in their system, thus eating it will be worse Reads like a blanket statement Sometimes I come directly and read the comments to deduct a summary instead Aside from the "science" that happens inside the body, has there. Has there been an overall study where you compare the overall life span of a twin? If you are fasting like a 3rd worlder, their mortality rate seem high. What accuracy people care is the car that you have just ordered. The other times when you see a map of cars you can get away 80% of the time using averages What do you guys actually do? If you can find someone to look up to and try to get to their level, that may be one motivation. Also think of somethings you want to change in this world and work towards it. Sarcasm much? I saw th video and it wasn't that disrepectful if you were a normal person, but since he is the CEO of some mega corp, any slight temperament in a bad way will get you this PR If that is the best shot Lyft has, it would seem futile Pump and .. People using 10x leverage to get homes, what do you expect? It still infuriates me when I use a windows PC computer. No complaints here as a Mac user. Don't look too deep, your Mac works. Journalists is crying foul over MacBook specs but to me it still just works great. A house without plumbing In other words, we have a faster server chip coming The issue is the dependence of code completion, google, and IDEs that writes boiler plate code for you, and companies just use stupid services like hackerrank to test algorithm implementations, which has to run and compile properly u see that environment. Then the interviewer should explicitly say he wants to know your thought process too. 99% of them just say code this and let me know when you are done These take home projects are a bit inconsiderate to a candidates time. I've done a few and if you don't watch your time. You could be spending 5-6 hours just trying to please people You need tolls but with public transit upgrades Should have been banned long ago, why would they have allowed an app to alter major behaviors post review? Someone trying to give them the Koolaid Isn't this how magic leap got started? Low valuation at first then bigger and bigger.. This is a pointless argument, we all know AI is all about thought. If a person can't move does he still have intelligence?