Completely agreed. Why would there be either an elimination or explosion of either sex-trafficing or child sex exploitation if prostitution is brought into the fold of legitimate commerce? Sewing shirts is legal, yet we still have sweatshops in America full of immigrants with limited communication skills and limited options forced into labor with illegally low compensation and dangerous working conditions. The more secure and more knowledgeable will always be in a position to exploit the less secure and the less knowledgeable. This is the basic operation of capitalism. I think the question is do we ban manufacturing or agriculture because of the exploitation rife in both industries? Or do we set minimum standards as a society for the treatment and compensation of labor and the ability of minors to consent to labor, and treat violations of those standards as criminal behavior to be punished? Why is sex so special that we can't find a standard to apply? I think you'd see quite different figures if Figure 4 had been controlled by parental income (or even by total blue book value of parental household automobiles.) I always find it troubling when people find two events co-occurring and assume it's a causal relationship, particularly when both things are clearly possibly related to class. The title is a unbelievable deceptive because, unless I missed something, all of these experiments were done on completely unregulated toy markets. I would be curious about what would happen if, instead of rewarding people directly with the returns on their trades and their dividends, you gave them a baseline salary that they can never go under, then gave them a bonus based on a percentage the gained market value of their holdings during any particular round, but ended their game if they ranked below 50% of the other players for two rounds in a row then gave them severance equal to five times their baseline salary plus their average bonus per round over the entire game. In short, I'd be interested in how far fiduciary investment bubbles would deviate from the bubbles produced by direct investors in these same safe markets, and whether changing any of the variables above could bring them closer together. Wow, my first sentence was made incoherent by backediting: "The title is unbelievably deceptive because..." In my experience(YMMV) with trying to use BPMN to make inroads into automating workflows at a small financial authority, I had to reduce it to an extremely small subset even just to get business stakeholders to look at the models. The only ones who were assigned to actually help me create the models were the most-spareable, least-knowledgeable people in the organization who pretty much only used a subset reduced to ANDs, ORs, and XORs, and after months, still didn't consistently understand the difference between ORs and XORs. The ability (or even the earnest attempt) to use the symbols correctly had absolutely no relation to the enthusiasm any individual showed towards using heavily marketed tools promising automated execution. So basically, I was assigned the least knowledgeable people to work on models, and I had to spend an order of magnitude more time redoing their work than they spent doing it. In the end we had a big beautiful graph that no one could verify was accurate in any way except me by describing sections in plain English during the 20 minute meetings I could sometimes wrangle out of the people who knew the business side well enough to give me a plain English answer that was interpreted by me and added to the giant unverifiable graph. Really a horrible experience all around. And at the beginning of the project, I really thought BPMN looked nice. Of course, I looked at it like a programmer:) I hope that I'm long dead before the time comes when society is wondering why it was once acceptable to tolerate free association between employees and to not let people starve who aren't working. I at least hope I have enough kids to support me once society has horribly failed in that way. This isn't really an answer to your question, but I'd pick one of those large codebases and read through it until you understand everything that's going on in it. Not only will your coding skills increase to the point that you're more confident and not completely intimidated by the other contributors, but multiple places to contribute will become clear. We need drunk carry laws just like we need drunk driving laws. I'm as pro concealed carry as you can get, but I don't even like it when a drunk has a butterknife. >Violence does not solve social problems. This is a straw man. Violence can help with social problems sometimes, which is why we have policemen. >Forcing people to feed unemployed people is violent. Agreed. >A future without forced "charity" does not mean people are left to starve. Completely false. In a future _with_ forced charity, there will exist people left to starve because of difficulties in execution, distribution, public will, or a general lack of resources. Leaving this entirely to the discretion of individuals will destroy equality of protection, creating a patchwork (which will likely largely exclude historically discriminated against groups), and will tend to work against economies of scale. Makes sense. For me it was important to pick something that I regularly used. Picking a smaller project will make it easier to mentally decompose, but you'll also get a leg up on a larger one if you're really familiar with the endpoints. Of course, you can do both:) >if they don't take it out of the holster, there isn't even an issue here. Somewhat true. But if you're not prepared to take it out of the holster, why even bring it? And the reason I say "somewhat true" is because somebody can take that gun out of a drunk's holster. I don't think that it's unreasonable to require that people be somewhat sober when holding a gun in public simply because it may diminish their capacity to _defend_ that gun. P2P search and p2p social networking. If you've already got p2p media sharing and streaming and bidirectional chatting and talking, you've pretty much remade the internet. You've pretty much remade all conventional media too. I'm surprised that no one has mentioned Rubberhose Deniable Encryption by Julian Assange of Wikileaks fame. That's the entire concept. Page: http://iq.org/~proff/rubberhose.org/ Description: http://iq.org/~proff/rubberhose.org/current/src/doc/maruguid... Very stale. He moved on to other things:) But the code is available. I would absolutely pay for this. I'm a hypochondriac and think that I'm just about to die for a different reason every day, and have a fear that some people that I keep in contact with on the internet simply won't know until years after the fact. The company would have to be extremely trustworthy to get my passwords though, and that'll be a tough hurdle. The key to distinguishing yourself would be a great UI with sensible (well researched) defaults and offers of form letters. But $10-$20 bucks a year? Done. I'm not putting facebook crap in my will. He's right, and it shouldn't. That's what governments and collective decision-making are for. Private individuals shouldn't be depended on to do anything but further their own interests, even in the charity sphere. They spend money for PR purposes, to strengthen personal connections, or simply because they enjoy the environment it puts them in. The major cause of misery in the world is the lust for power and influence over other people, and money epitomises that. What people need is security in employment and compensation, and protection against unavoidable risk, like fire and sickness. Without exploiting the weakness and insecurity of workers, you can't really amass the kind of cash this guy has, so I'm not sure about the quality of the jobs he's creating if he can skim that much value off of the top. The profit margin on fairness is a lot lower than the profit margin on slave wages, monopoly, and legislative arbitrage. That's not to say that he couldn't, though. If he created a lot of good jobs for people with fair wages, and charged fair prices, that's a massive good and can't be denied. He won't, though, because when things are done fairly, there's not a lot of profit to be made. Sorry, rant over:) I'm so glad you didn't mention purple. Everybody always says purple. I think it has to do with the people eater. There's no real definition of middle class, and when one is usually offered, such as $70,000, it's a higher income than 95% of the people in the world. So if the question is whether you would choose to be wealthier than 99.9% of people in the world in 1900, or wealthier than 95% of the people in the world in 2010, I'd say it was a sickeningly decadent question. But, I'd also say that the lifespan gains between 1900 and now are overstated due to a drastic reduction in infant and child mortality, plays and live music are nicer than video and audio recordings, and instant long-distance communication hasn't significantly improved the quality of my life, just alienated me from my neighbors. The math and intellectual culture was just as interesting then as it is now, if not more, and PR was just a twinkle in Mr. Bernays' eye, so I'd be able to avoid the advertising saturation of modern culture. With the addition of being able to replace any device with an actual person or team of people, there's no doubt to me that life would be better as a rich person in 1900. Just avoid nails. Politicians shouldn't be depended on to do anything but further their own interests. That's why we introduced democracy, in order to get their interests as closely aligned to the public interest as possible. Nobles are a different story altogether. >Utterly unfounded. Counterexamples that come immediately to mind are Steve Jobs and Larry Page and Sergey Brin. I'm not sure how your personal idols refute my ideas of fairness. I disagree that the two are mutually exclusive, yes. My hypothesis: This is just another indication that stock market speculation prices spend most of the time almost completely decoupled from the value of the underlying assets. Eventually there is some triggering event, lets just call it a Lehmanbrovent, when some massively leveraged party can't pay off a creditor, and the effect cascades through the market bringing it back to a real valuation. We call this state a "catastrophe." The decoupled state we refer to as a "healthy market." A good way to test it would be to see whether the accuracy of the twitter indicator varies based on types of market activities, such as: does it completely fail on crashes, but always predict run-ups? I can see exactly why they would think it was okay. What they were trying to do was to figure out whether twitter moods could predict the unpredictable random movements of the market, rather than the outside edges of the bell curve when anyone could have predicted what would happen, and where the market moves might even be seen as a cause of the twitter moods rather than a result, or a co-result of some other process. Basically, it's the hardest place to test the correlation. Since they got great results, it'll be interesting to see them extend the analysis and see if any interesting dynamics show up. If the markets were actually science rather than the decision making of a few huge players - if the HFT algo writers take this research seriously, I bet it'd work for at least a day or two. I think the important question is what if you _do_ want to share that info, and other people are interested in hearing it, why aren't we talking about it? BTW, I'm always willing to share, and the result is usually that people are eager to share with me (to varying degrees of precision, of course.) I don't have any issue with it because I never confuse my salary with my worth as a person. It's my worth to the company commingled with my ability to negotiate. When workers share salary information with each other, it smooths the last part out. I'm not going to stop doing it until competing companies are required not to disclose the prices of their products to each other - and I see difficulties in the implementation of that:) It really does. It's as if I was paying UPS to pick up my packages, but it only delivered 2/3 of them. I wouldn't be wracking my brain very long to come up with the same solution. My guess is that the problem was that there were no incentives for politicians to think of this as a problem, and seeing as it survived a "scandal," probably some incentives not to care. I'd like to know who was getting the contracts, and who their connections were. I also wonder if there was some faction screaming about not imposing crushing regulation on the noble businessmen who were providing a crucial and critical function to protect our civilization, and if they overlapped with the connections:) EDIT: Also, this is a simple matter of paying for what you want. If you want people to get rid of the prisoners, pay them to haul them away. If you want prisoners delivered somewhere, pay them for what they deliver . The estate is very litigious. Maybe try "Hendrux." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Corps_v_Apple_Computer I think you're underestimating the attraction of drug dealing as an occupation. Its profit vs. risk ratio is a lot higher than kidnapping. The scientists made the film, too, so there's probably a less interesting explanation. An even better headline would be "A third of Milgram’s subjects told him to take a hike, hallelujah." It would have the benefit of being true. That's not more accurate. Tuition fees are fees introduced to supplement taxpayer support. If they are never introduced, it is bizarre to say that taxpayers are paying them. I have no opinion about whether tuition fees in Scotland are warranted or not, I'm just saying that it's incoherent to say that tuition fees are being paid by the taxpayer after an announcement that tuition fees will not be introduced in Scotland. Hypothetically, assume that there were already tuition fees in Scotland (without equivocating between fees paid from "relevant Government department(s)" and tuition fees) and that the government had just announced that they would not be increasing the tuition fee. Would it be more accurate to say "Scotland says tuition fee increase to be met by taxpayers, not individual students."? Saying that recent increases in the costs of higher education will not be shifted from the taxpayer to the individual student in Scotland would be fair. Saying the taxpayers are supplementing themselves is nonsensical. I'm confused about what you mean here. Are you saying that no individual can net a positive return from any endeavor? Also, there's no reason to assume that a tuition fee would lower the obligations of the taxpayer in any way. Money is fungible. Neither side of the debate is questioning that university education will be paid for by the taxpayer. Isn't that the basic design philosophy of the iPhone? They seem to have done well. Would it seem right that the mold for casting a tin soldier would have the same detail as the tin soldier cast? Fred Hampton was referred to by government officials at the time far more often as a criminal or as a terrorist than as a civil rights worker. Qt. That way you get Symbian, Maemo, Meego, and Linux tablets, like the Shogo (embedded applications, like the QooQ on that have been pretty successful.) Qt for Android, Windows, and iPhone seem to be coming along, albeit slowly. I've been thinking about it for years. The only problem is that most programmers seem to be status quo capitalists bordering on libertarian. It might be easier to teach hippies to program than programmers not to be aspirational yuppie SWPLs. A couple of cults have gotten by on programming and/or web design, Aum Shinrikyo and Heaven's Gate come to mind. In communes, you don't really do your own thing. I think you're talking about an apartment building where a lot of hackers live that has a hacking room instead of a gym. Or possibly efficiency apartments. Maybe you meant "common kitchen" rather than commune? Like a dorm? A hostel is just like a hotel, except you usually don't get a room (unless you're willing to pony up an extra $20.) You're just looking for a cheap place to stay, but you don't want it to be scary. Hostels generally are not scary at all, and are filled with mostly pleasant foreigners. They used to have rules that require that you have ID proving that you don't live in the town that you're hostelling in, though; don't know if that's changed at all. The wrong jobs still have to be done by someone though. When you're talking about an entire system, you can't shift everybody out of a class of work as a solution or your dishes won't get washed. It'd be nice if you could fit an argument or non-vacuous statement between your insults, defiance, and vague innuendo. Things to try: 1) This idea is dumb because... 2) This idea is dangerous because... 3) Welfare leads to... You're confining gambling only to casino games or games with vigs ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vigorish ). Under your definition, when I play cards with my friends for money, I'm not gambling because my expected return is zero. Actually, judging by my known skills in any particular game vs. my partner's skills, what I'd be doing would be varying nightly. What you're saying seems to be a useful distinction, though, but I'd say it's the difference between "risk entertainment" or something else and investment, rather than gambling and investment, because it's all gambling. I've always thought that a diagnosis of ADD was mostly a diagnosis that a person wouldn't concentrate on what the person dispensing the drugs wanted them to concentrate on. Looking at the criteria for diagnosis, I could have been easily categorised as ADD when I was a child, yet I've never had a problem concentrating. I just wasn't interested in school or schoolwork. In college, when I suddenly had more control over my personal curriculum, I did great. More specifically, Michael Chertoff isn't a puppy breeder. Seriously. The man has no fear of police, just connected people. That by itself just makes the country that it happens in look bad, even if there was no such thing as an internet. This could have been a story about him gaming the Yellow Pages by getting 18 phone numbers and 18 business names in 18 sections, each name prefixed with 18 'a's. All the internet assures is that his customers will get the product home before checking it for quality, and that the customers are less likely to be local - but that doesn't seem to intimidate him in the least. Not that the story doesn't highlight a serious flaw in google's search, but that's the least of the story for me. If the government was making calls to message boards, asking them to remove my comments, I might be suspicious that my free speech rights are being infringed upon. I might suspect this even before I hear that the government is lobbying for those specific bulletin boards being excluded from pending Russian regulation. I agree, but to go off topic a bit: judging by some of the responses to your comment, people seem to think that one of the criteria that an act has to meet in order to be legitimate civil disobedience is that it is followed by a passive acceptance of government punishment. Of course this is tautologically true depending on one's personal definition of civil disobedience, no true Scotsman and such, but would exclude a lot of history, such as the Underground Railroad. The article did have a nice quote directed at that point of view, though: "There may be many times when protestors choose to go to jail, as a way of continuing their protest, as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice. But that is different than the notion that they must go to jail as part of a rule connected with civil disobedience. The key point is that the spirit of protest should be maintained all the way, whether it is done by remaining in jail, or by evading it. To accept jail penitently as an accession to 'the rules' is to switch suddenly to a spirit of subservience, to demean the seriousness of the protest...In particular, the neo-conservative insistence on a guilty plea should be eliminated." --Paul Flowers I can't seem to pick out the argument that you're making here, other than that it begins with an assertion that no one who "really" understands economics can dispute it. I'm going to guess out loud at it, and hopefully somebody will jump in and help me. 1) In the case of goods or services with minimal marginal costs and large fixed costs in proportion to total costs, you are expected to pay for them. 2) If you don't pay for them you are breaking the law. Therefore, the argument that if marginal cost is zero on some digital good, then [something number 1] isn't stealing is completely irrelevant to [something number 2]. I'm sure that "something number 1" (referred to as "it") is related to free riding, due to a shared metaphor, and I'm going to assume that it is "a use of that good or service without paying," again due to the metaphor, where a single person took a single train ride without paying. Does "something number 2" = "whether a use of that good or service is illegal or not"? Because that seems to me to be setting up as a straw man a question that no one is asking, then begging the question with an answer that is identical to your second premise.