good stuff man. hope you make it. Financial Times, NY Times and local news papers may help. Are you currently looking into VC or are you bootstrapping your startup and growing it organically? Reality Check. Anyone who was half serious about this application is hurt somehow. The reason why it sucks is not so much due to the fact that you are not going to hang out with "startupreneurs" and PG but because this was a competition and your product was judged not as good as those that made it. That is what hurts. Maybe you can take a step back today and take a look at what you are doing and ask yourself "How can I make better, more simple and scale it?" or "How can we make people see that this is better than other products out there and a business can be built around it?" because if you believe it is great, than maybe you fail to present it the proper way. Take the rest of the day off. Get a drink, socialize, shut that computer down and relax. Tomorrow your head will be clear and you can start working on your startup again. Not because it will make you a millionaire, or because it will get you respect, but just because that is what you love to do and without it your Puzzle is just not complete. Ciao' If you are working on a startup and you live in Atlanta, we should all get together, talk about our ventures and help each other. Three entrepreneurs so far. Hi. What are going to do now? What was your idea? Ours was a DIY mobile content aggregation & distribution platform. Grab your favorite content on the web. Mix it, mash it, make it mobile, distribute it. hi BL, like your input. send me an email so we can discuss off site. What's up Nandan. I can't see it. Email me at globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net. We can set something up. I totally agree. Nothing complicated. I don't know about anything that makes me pay to chat. I am not too far from perimeter. Send me an email and we can set up something for all of us. Globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net PS. John. C cool que tu parles francais. On devrait vraiment se rencontrer ASAP. Watch out PG. here comes the Acombinator. can some 1 create a dedicatd browser IM plugin so YCNews usrs can chat EZly using their usrnm? What's up. That sounds ok. Guys can you all send in your email addresses so we can round up. Your profile does not show your email addresses. Or everybody can just throw in a place to meet and time and we vote for the best. That way no one will spam noone in the future. What's up Brian. I posted this thread. Send us (our team) an email at globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net and we can make sure that the round up works for all of us. You can also leave your address and we will send you an email. So far we got contacts from Brian, Matt and Nandan. No Matt, Thank you, as well as everyone else, for participating. Anyone could have said "forget this guys". I think that if we get it done right, we will all benefit from it. I am not sure if one can find a missing element of their startup, but I know that being around people who have a similar goal cannot hurt. Update. On top of our team, we got Brian (and friends), Matt(and friends), Azromej, Nandan, and Jonesmc ( si on peut te joindre, sinon je ferrais une update avec la date et le lieu ) Hi everybody. I am sneaking this comment while on my boss time. Man I hope he truly the last one I ll have. We are getting a good response. Now meeting up is only a matter of making sure everyone make s it. So far most of you want to meet sometimes next week (frankly I am so exited that I would do it tonight, but it would not work for the rest of us). Most of us are suggesting midtown. That is fine. As soon as we know the best time and date for all we will email and put another post on yc news. PS. Everybody seems to have dbe some work with RoR. Well I hate to say it but I am not a coder(please don't be mad), although I like to learn about coding languages. Well maybe this group will throw in some help. LOL. Can't wait to meet you guys. Update. Nate from Wamily is IN. That's what's up. Please Help. Thanks Nandan. That is a very nice way to start helping. (lol) Ok. this is not about funding, but it sure can get you more funding then you would want. The point is if you have a great product this launch pad could help you get tremendous attention. BOy boy. Zenter. I still would not care. Google is just bluffing right now. And it hurts me how many people cannot see that the big Giant has lost its way. One of the first American Billionaires once said he could answer any question asked. He called in a meeting and ask each journalist to come armed with top notch questions (of course industry related ), which they did. The day of the meeting they were surprised to see 16 phones at the Great Entrepreneur 's desk. For each question asked he pick up a phone and call someone who then, somehow, provided the proper answer. If you cannot code, need to start a startup and do not know the moral of this story, then you probably should go sit back and think for a few weeks before jumping into the middle of the ocean. Do you believe (like me) that Google has lost its way ( in anything other than search ) and is going into acquisition just in Hopes to find the company that will put it back into the road? I have. Same for all his posts ( still did not get me to YC ), Still it seems tome that most of us are buying into this google thing. Depends what you want him to do. Things can be learned and you can always use an extra hand. What you want ot worry about is "why is he getting into it?" In the "world is Flat" T.Friedman states P+CI. That is Passion + Curiosity Intelligence. Your startup and mine have less than 5% chance to succeed and yet we believe like no-one else that 5% is big enough to go thru this journey.We like the money, but if money is your first drive then you will eventually quit at some point when evrything says it is going to be over in One minute. At that point the co-founders who were in it for the money will walk out. The one who were in it for the passion and the challenge to learn and master the ultimate startup language ( not Technology, but "loyal and satisified Users") )will get 2gether and ask themselves " How the F &$ we got into this mess and how the F%^$ can we clean it up now, make it look good and have more users? I dont know if this exist or not, but it is a great idea. We all need to remember the ones that are gone. Personaly I have experienced it in my family and it would be nice to have a space where I can upload pictures and videos and have others come in and share their stories about that one person. This is a good way to "rendre Hommage". Go for it. You could put this up in less than a week. Do you think you may be closer to success if you spend less time on YC News or Digg? Maybe use that time to clean up your messy code. Just a question. Man. don't you know that you can use Dapper to create your own RSS feed of webpages. That's why they ain/t doing it. DIY ok. you are an exception. Is Twitter a service that adds value for you or just a trick to get you hooked so they can make money of you later? NIKE " JUST DO IT " How would you PIMP twitter? Can someone build a match.com for people looking for co-founders. We are having a hell of hard time finding one. Please don't tell me craigslist. ;) hard reload First of this is not about Hacking or web2.0. This is about why I decided to have a startup. You don't have to read.But if you do, thanks for your time. For a long time I thought I wanted to have my own business. I starter with Import-export. That did not last a year and left me with more debt than what I make in 9 months. I am still paying for that matter fact. Then I thought I had a gift for seeing what will be a hot in technology. I remember talking to friends about web based word processors, mobile voip and niche social networks before this things were what they are today. But soon after I realized that most people thought of it too, but like me they did not do anything about it. I found myself running left and right, getting with developers and working on cool projects, only to abandon them and getting into something bigger. I am a Dreamer. I dream of products in the day and gather people to implement them by the evening. And that is it. After it is done I keep fwding the launch. I realized that I was not a business man. So why starting a startup? Well I think I want to be a Teacher, or a role model. I would like to build a successful startup, but I would love to sit on the other side of the table and listen someone who has nothing more than an idea and $1.75 to pay the bus fair to come talk about their idea. I think I would love to sit down in the coffee shop and get so excited about his/her idea that I can yell "You are a FUCKING Genius KId". I think I would love to tell her/her to call someone who had something similar and get with him/her to build their startup.I think I would love to be woken up by the same entrepreneurs at 3 AM, just because the servers are down and they are freaking out as users in Russia are assaulting them with emails. I think I would love to help him/her calm down and find a solution to the problem. I think I would love to relax sometime in my beach-side coffee shop and laugh with them about how 3 years ago they had only an idea, a passion and $1.75, and today the only think that worries them is "how the HELL are they going to keep 1, 2, 3 millions users happy?" But before doing all that, I think I need to be in the same situation the kid is. I must start with nothing and build something. I must really be tired and know that the only thing that is keeping me up is Passion. I must be nervous at launch and wait for the first 1000 registered users. I would be a fool if i was to give advices to someone if I don't know how they feel at the time. The problem may be different, but the feeling is the same. Maybe you feel like me. Maybe you like to THINK and CREATE, but adore to SHARE. Maybe instead of sharing features like WEB2.0 standard, you want to share your experience and help someone else become successful. Maybe you just want to smile and tell the entrepreneur. "You got yourself, myself and my wife's money into a HELL of A MESS, Now ROLL UP your sleeves and let's FIX THIS THING" That's why I am starting a STARTUP. Bubble here, Burst there? All bubble & burst mean is more opportunities. Yes. you heard. This Tech Startup Stuff is just like real estate. People make money when the market is hot, but people make more money when the market is fucked up. Why? Because everyone else and their cousin are scared and know someone who lost all their savings. If you see startups shutting down and former entrepreneurs looking for jobs, do yourself a big favor, KEEP GOING or START YOUR STARTUP. Those who made money after the market crash of 1929 were not who sold the days before, but those who bought the days after. Accordnig to a Unviesrtsy reseacrh waht mattres the msot is the fisrt and lsat lettres of each wrod. Waht do you tinhk? simply "wikipedia" email to sms gateway and you will see all results. This option is fine, but if you use it too much, you will considered spammer. So if you are trying to build a lasting business, be careful with it. Ok. I have a question. I am not a coder, but aren't digg, yc news, reddit all using a repeated statement as easy as Select count (story_votes)/ story_age(which is sysdate-date_added) "alias" from table stories order by alias desc GET a DELL. Just kidding. just kidding. Common we can use some laughter. Internet Startup co-founder asking. I have no coding experience (except for sql queries) what is a language I can start to learn so I can better understand my business/ Tell that the programers in eastern Europe. Thanks for your answers. What do you think is the differnce between a tech startup and a tech enabled one? Which one is yours? Dude. Evry freaking second counts. So please save your pointless remarks. Asswer the question or skip it. That only depends. Some people are good only 3 hours a day, but you best believe that they will outdo most programmers who put in 8 hours/day. Nevertheless I would advise you to quit your job and focus full time on your startup. Whether he was a founder or not, you can tell the Man is highly intelligent and would add to any team. He is a three edged sword. Philosophy, Coding and most importantly social skills.