Has anyone been able to get this to work? The deploy keeps failing for me. no Didn't seem to work for me in Chrome. I got a face outline, but it never drew the overlay. I'm proud to call myself a nogrammer. I'd much rather use/modify existing code than write from scratch. Are there any adblocker-like/privacy-proxy tools to neuter extensions like this? You can also see the bubble level result card if you switch Chrome dev tools to mobile emulation mode. Like many, I'm supremely confused about this history and current state of Google's various chat systems. Does anyone know of a comprehensive timeline of all the various permutations? I would read it just to boggle at how many poor decisions could be made by a single company in a single category. I wish Google would offer VPN service again (waaaay back they had some Windows utilities that would proxy your web connection). After watching Google closely for years, I'm pretty sure this was not intentional or malicious. Isn't this almost identical to what Apple was doing in 2011: https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2011/04/how-apple-tracks-you... With behavior like this (and previous acts) I view Mozilla as less trustworthy than Google. Wouldn't Chromium be a better option for those who still don't like Google? I'm still glad that Firefox mobile is available since Chrome mobile doesn't support extensions (e.g. for ad blocking). I always assumed this was why the Pixelbook was so gratuitously over-spec'ed. Agree. It's a fun game to think up edge cases that would challenge a self-driving car. On average these cars will far outperform human drivers. I see human drivers blow through stop signs every day completely unaware that they did so. Also trains Obviously it looks like a notch, but I don't know why it's not viewed as 2 extra tabs of screen that would otherwise be bezel. I prefer better water and dust resistance over having a headphone jack. I complain about Google having too many competing/overlapping products, so I can't really complain when they close/merge them. The best time to shutdown Allo was before it launched, the second best time is now. Can god make a stone so heavy that he can not lift it? Great suggestion. For those comparing Everything and Wizfile (which I just installed), it looks like Wizfile doesn't support regex whereas Everything does. Lake effect? If you're worried about plants, you shouldn't eat animals, because they eat a lot more plants than you would. "Potaterade" Chrome too: https://blog.chromium.org/2020/01/introducing-quieter-permis... Agreed. An insult to real engineers. As misleading as calling programmers Software Doctors. I think this is what you're looking for (though you'll need to find some discontinued hardware to run it I think): https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.vr.... Dollar cost averaging seems to be more of a psychological strategy than a financial one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dollar_cost_averaging#Criticis... Same! until I switched to Mint Mobile just a few months ago because I was regularly hitting the bandwidth limit. I wish Google Fi was price competitive and didn't have conflicts with Google Voice, but it's just not there. I love the content on Tik-Tok (America's youths are hilarious!), but I'm also excited for anything that will get YouTube off it's ruinous path of forcing creators to stretch a video that should be ~2 minutes into something 10 minutes long. "591007" does that make me and ICQ OG? If you haven't seen 3D scans yet, you will soon. Virtual walkthroughs surging due to COVID. I love Kiwi Browser! If it was able to Save "Webpage, Complete", I'd use it as my mobile daily driver. One of the all-time most cursed diagrams I've seen: https://www.scaledagileframework.com/ . I could not believe it was not parody. It's a shame that Waymo (as well as Google Streetview?) isn't operating on the road at this time, since there's probably no better chance to do mapping as when there are far fewer cars and people to obstruct the view. Rentable portable removable gas generators that attach to you tow hitch are also a decent solution for charging on the go. Even that monopoly-style strategy never made sense to me since the barrier to entry for a competitor to create a ride-coordination app is low (Lyft has made one, Google, certainly could) and the switching-cost to the end user is low (I have zero loyalty to Uber or Lyft). I've never understood why they don't do this. I have to assume that the majority of their sales go to Chicago apartment/condo dwellers rather than suburban homes. I wish there was more discussion around how to get these delivery apps to compete with each other on price. Are there any meta-delivery apps where you can easily compare prices? If exercise was a drug, no one would believe it could have so many positive effects. Agree. Face-to-face is the highest bandwidth communication medium we have. It's not for everything, but there are definitely certain types of explanation/negotiation that happen much faster and have better outcomes in person. I love this type of practical solution that gets most of the benefit for a tiny fraction of the cost. The article does a pretty good job of laying out the many mistakes that compounded their problems. My feeling is that the world at large underestimates the impact of social media and Hacker news overestimates it. Not sure how to rate the infulential-ness of different media, but Fox News was HUGELY influential to the voters that decided the last presidential election: https://www.vox.com/2019/3/4/18249847/fox-news-effect-swing-... It was wild. The MHz increases were big and made a difference. The current trends toward more cores are just a consolation prize for not being able to improve scalar performance. It's hard to remember exactly what result quality was like in 2010, but I'm very satisfied with the utility I get form Google search. I can throw a dozen different oddball questions at it and either get the answer directly (without even needing to click through to an often slow and cluttered page), or get what I was looking for as the top result. They do all this in an extremely adversarial environment where "SEO" people spend the majority of their effort trying to boost their pages for specific words. Was Google+ the largest social network that didn't have advertising? In the right hands, Google+ could've been a strong ad-free alternative to Facebook/Instagram and Twitter. fwiw the question mark is not present in the original article. It is unclear in what ways this is different/better than O&O ShutUp10 ( https://www.oo-software.com/en/shutup10 ), aside from that tool having a much worse name. Alternate headline: "Google Saves Millions of Hours of Time by Providing Answers Directly" Is this a valid analogy?: Imagine you had a brilliant friend who read all the books in a library and answered any question you asked her. Would you say this friend is stealing profit from book publishers? Capitalism seems like it could do an OK job if we priced in more externalities like resource extraction (e.g. fee for taking oil out of the ground) and pollution. Good to remember blog posts like this for all those who claim Google isn't innovating or investing in search. This is the type of infrastructure that goes in to extracting useful information from the web. It's easy how Disney and Twitter would be a bad fit, but don't forget that Hasbro (toy company) owns Death Row Records home to a group N.W.A. where the "N" stands for the "n-word". https://nypost.com/2019/08/25/hasbro-acquires-gangster-rap-l...