I'd been puzzling why the name was so familiar and it's because this man is the source of the ultimate Smug Lisp Weenie quote... Greenspun's Tenth Rule of Programming: "Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad-hoc, informally-specified bug-ridden slow implementation of half of Common Lisp." Sup Dawg, We heard you like tumors so we... No? I'll get my coat. It's too monolithic for my taste. It should be taking a leaf from Django's own design book and providing some high-level CMS building-blocks. Otherwise you just end up reinventing Wordpress or Joomla. Look at Pinax* or FeinCMS for a much smarter sense of how to get Django goodness without reinventing the CMS wheel everytime. * I know Pinax isn't a CMS - but it's tackling the hard problem of how to allow several apps by different authors to work together and integrate into the same site. Mmmm. Interesting. I wonder how much of the criticism of Pinax there is down to the specific apps and how much is down to the architectural philosophy it's trying to put in place. On one hand Pinax guys are smart, on the other packaging/deployment/reuse are hard problems. Here's hoping x>y! That's strangest. I found it one of the warmest and most rewarding internet-related pieces I'd read in a long while. It made a few assumptions about your understanding of the context but, goddamit, someone is entitled to do that on their own blog! Sigh. HN mangled the quotes out of the query string but it still seems to do the job. and is there any hope that the EuroDjangoCon videos will ever appear? I was really looking forward to seeing those :-( I will state here-forth that I am prepared to perform such deeds, to go lower than man has ever gone, to plunge the depths of degradation just in order to gain an early invite to Google Wave. Thank-you. andybak@gmail.com Multiple tiling windows is an idea long past it's prime and I've never been keen on Apple's particular take on this model. Quite often I find that bringing Finder to the front covers the whole screen with the 16 or so Finder windows that I forgot that I had open and which bear no relation to the task I am currently trying to perform. A single window finder with a history and a way to split into two or four tiles might be better. Of course the tricky thing is making this work for naive users as well as power users. This isn't an easy problem but naive users struggle massively with the current model too and that's not especially optimal for power users either. With the Bilski case still hovering around the upper echelons of the judicial system, now would be an excellent time for someone with deep pockets to take on Software Patents in general. Please let this be the straw that breaks the camels back. http://www.kronenberg.org/ies4osx/ For the latter: http://www.chromeextensions.org/appearance-functioning/adblo... Best I can find for the former: http://www.chromeextensions.org/appearance-functioning/lastp... The website failed the 'Skim the front page and try and figure out what it's for' test. Anyone care to summarize the tedious waffle? It's quite interesting how emotionally involved I got watching a couple of these. I had to stop because it was making me angry. When I first read about the Prisoner's Dilemma in a Douglas Hofstadter book (probably Godel, Escher and Bach although I'm not sure) I went around reading everything I could about it as I felt it was saying something important about society. Today I'm not entirely sure that's the case but it still fascinates me... I'm waiting for a Lisp dialect with significant white space. I think I've turned into an anti-brackets-of-any-kind snob. "Emace: A pretty good operating system, but it could use a better text editor." I can't trace the source of this quip but I'm glad someone has set out to prove the first part of it... You're linking to information on a ZX Spectrum which is not a ZX81. The ZX81 had a monochrome character mapped display with no pixel access (well - there were tricks that could sort of give you pixel access but they came much later than the time 1k chess was written) Whatever anyone can say about Python you can't deny how nice it looks on the page. Thank god they finally went for the sensible option. It would have been highly irritating if it was rejected as an unnecessary dependency (which some people were arguing). Some choice quotes: "Switching back to HTML4 is driven by the same kind of purity-beats-practicality, fashion-conscious silliness that made us all switch to XHTML in the first place." "But to worry about being able to instantly switch to the doctype-du-jour -- or rather last years' doctype-du-jour -- as well as having HTML validity - that's not being a perfectionist, it's called OCD, and I'm drawing the line there." He does go on to mention that 'HTML5 will save us' - at least from quibbling over vs ... Some context: It's mainly about Django's Admin and form generation - in most other places Django is markup agnostic. It is and there are fixes out there for the HTML/XHTML thing but this is mostly an argument about defaults and built-ins. Because then I can mix and without some smart alec telling me my document doesn't validate. There are however some good CMS's built on Django: http://github.com/matthiask/feincms http://www.django-cms.org/ He's not very good as the public face of Google, is he? Especially as his privacy blind spot corresponds to the one PR topic that has the ability to genuinely harm Google. I wonder why the geek-friendly faces of Sergey and Larry don't appear more often and why someone doesn't persuade Eric to stay in his lair, errr, office a bit more. What do you think Hixie's view on Larry's actions were? He certainly sparked the controversy with his public reaction to Larry. Was it justified? Was he overreacting? Politicking? There's more to this story even if it's just people politics. Only if Google acts on it without checking first which is pretty unlikely if you think about it for more than a nanosecond. Interesting. If only I'd been shown that 15 years ago when I still had some ability to rewire my neuronal pathways. "They solicited the community for ideas for months." Maybe soliciting for ideas visionary UX guru's would have worked out better for them. UI design is a technical art-form not a popularity contest. You've got some incredibly complex proposals being thrown into an incredibly complicated system (and by that I mean the entirety of the social, political and economic realm - not just health-care). The law of unintended consequences is going to play out here massively. Not only is it an intractable problem to predict the outcome from our perspective but it will be near-impossible for historians in decades hence to look back and separate which of their present society's ills were caused by this bill or by the million other factors that occurred in the intervening years. And in other news - geeks with beards lose clients. If you're going to put 'Who needs Flash' in the title then this is low hanging fruit. :-) Has anyone got any examples of more complex games in HTML/JS? I'd be interested to see how far people can push performance. The only benchmarks I remember seeing currently put Canvas+JS at a significant disadvantage over Flash but I'd love to be corrected on that. Adobe can't fix Flash (the plugin) on OSX by copying code from VLC. As far as I understand it, the problem is the rendering pipeline provided by the OS and browser. Any live examples yet? I haven't noticed any problems with it. Would somebody care to list the worst 3 horrors of the new layout in order of ruining-my-life-ability? One thing that prevents me switching from SVN at the moment is that I like the fact that every time I commit I'm also performing a backup. Is there anyway to set up hg to mirror all commits to another remote repository? Would that not be better than hoping your repository never goes over the Dropbox 2GB free limit? 1. Really? Compared to throwing a few pages out with PHP but on complex apps the time you save not reinventing the wheel would be the payback. 2. Hard to know what you were doing wrong without more info. 3. I've found excellent Django coders for less than $15 dollars/hour through freelancer sites. 4. The conventions around reusable code are growing up as the Django ecosystem grows up. There are good and bad examples but it's very possible to write reusable apps if you use the right architecture and separation of concerns. 5. Again. You are doing something wrong. 6. Django does use more memory than a simple mod_php setup and Pinax is a complex project but I'd like to see numbers once you compare apples to apples. ie. PHP+framework as a long running process matching Pinax for functionality. Would the memory requirements be that different? 7. Sounds like it's your server technology that's giving you those errors. You'd have to tell us what the underlying Python errors were for us to know whether Django was at fault or your setup. 8. You are not alone in thinking this but that is viewed as a feature for people trying to run stable sites. If you want to live on the bleeding edge then join the django-experimental branch that has opened recently on Github 9. Huh? Most people complain the Django template system is too simple and therefore limited. 10. I have no idea what you are trying to say here. You do sound slightly trollish. Give us a bit more info to go on and we can have a constructive debate. Here's the article that hints about the 20th May being a possible day for the decision: http://www.ipwatchdog.com/2010/05/17/another-day-without-bil... The interesting question for me is whether existing mobile hardware can accelerate this in any way - i.e. through the ARM Neon extensions and similar. Otherwise we will have to wait for a whole new generation of hardware if this is going to make any dent in the mobile web. A bit more substance to your complaint would be great. What are you arguing for? A normal JVM? Native code? A WebOS style environment? There are trade-offs to all decisions. Dalvik performance has been tolerable and now it looks like it has progressed to being quite reasonable. I'm just waiting for a chance to use a nicer language to produce Dalvik byte-code. I don't think it's very friendly to dynamic languages but I'd settle for almost anything other than Java. Is it in active development? A quick google doesn't find anything newer than a few years old. Does anyone know the status of DSP/GPU acceleration on OS X? What's the minimum specs to support it (if it's supported at all)? Did you RTFA? You could have made this a native app using the webkit control and bundled all the content in a 10th of the size. That's funny. As far as I can tell all the tools that are used for HTML (text editors and IDE's mainly) seem to be working pretty well for HTML5. And if you mean WYSIWYG then that market is dominated by Dreamweaver and even that has added HTML5 support. I got the impression that even the text was stored as a graphic. Beyond compare if fantastic. If you miss it that much then you can run it nicely under Wine/Darwine/Crossover etc. I've been using Deltawalker on the Mac which is nice if a little brittle sometimes. It sucks hugely for FTP/SFTP compares though. Am I missing something or are the words 'remove background image' not really easy to spot on the Google homepage? I came here to ask if anyone remembered DabbleDB. When I first saw the demo I thought that thing would change the world. Isn't that the kind of thing the OP is asking for? I mainly know OO through Python. I had a Java programmer try and explain why Dependency Injection frameworks were great and I went off and googled around and there are a few for Python. I still can't grok why I'd need one though. Is DI for Python the product of damaged minds or do they provide some real benefit?