If ever there was an existence proof of why flowcharts disappeared from engineering discourse, this is it. Seriously, which would be easier to understand: this monster or the 80 lines of code that it would take to actually implement it? Didn't he say that last decade too? I'm pretty sure I still have that book... The really short answer is "how to code". Forget technologies; forget grades. At best, they will get you in the door for an interview. They won't make your a productive employee. If you can produce working, deployable software on your own, then you will succeed. Not that many people can, honestly. If you aren't sure if you can hack, then pick a problem and solve it. If at the end of a week you can give your software to someone else and have them use it successfully, you should be fine. Everything else is fluff, and can be learned on the job. If you can hack, you'll do fine. A section on "memory debugging tools" that doesn't include valgrind? This article is crap, sorry. Lua is kind of a mess, IMHO. There are other options. Here's mine, designed for a similar (small, embeddable) role: http://plausible.org/nasal/ It doesn't have the mindshare that Lua does, nor the history, nor the testing frankly. But honestly (and yeah, I'm biased) Nasal is a cleaner, simpler, more robust and overall better language than Lua, especially for people mor e accustomed to the perl/python/javascript notion of how scripting languages should work. That's mostly a semantic game you're playing. What you term "monolithic framework" is what the author (and, IMHO, most developers) mean by the term "framework". The rest of your post describes what most people are happy to call a "library" or "toolkit", or "utility". Frameworks, as understood by common industry terminology, are defined by providing the vertical integration you are talking about. Because it's easier at the beginning. Doing a big application from scratch requires doing stuff like requirements analysis, which means you need to understand the universe of tools available to make good decisions. Then you need to prototype for a while before settling on the final design (i.e. your custom framework). With rails (or whatever) you get something that works immediately, which feels safer to a lot of folks who don't have the deep toolkit expertise required above. The problem is that while the framework works , you don't actually understand it any better than you do the toolkits, it's just handling stuff for you with (what you understand as) voodoo. So when it comes time to make big design changes in the future, the toolkit folks know exactly where to start, while the framework people are completely lost. I'm not completely against frameworks, but I've seen so many misused that I'm very wary. A stupidly-applied library is usually a point-source bug that can be fixed in one place. A stupidly-applied framework infects the whole application with its mess. Most of us would submit that people might read XML data more often if it didn't look like crap. If all we wanted was a metadata format that was easy for machines to read, we wouldn't have specified it in text. If you're not reading your XML, you're probably using it wrong. And even if you personally don't care, we're still at the mercy of all the developer out there specifying their configuration formats in XML. If you're not reading your configuration files, you're definitely using them wrong. Your point is that XML is good because it is standard. That is valid. The OP link, however, was pointing out that while this is true, it's also true that XML is a very bad choice for that metadata format. Look at things like JSON or YAML for saner, simpler and more readable alternatives. We ended up with XML because it looked like HTML at a time where "web stuff" was all the rage, not because of its inherent value. I'm not quite sure I see the real threat here. Barring remotely exploitable firmware bugs, this family of exploits requires access to the hardware. No security model anywhere can protect a machine from an attacker with physical access... But bookmarks of new pages at least, which are notable for their currency. This is just an emacs site. It's like posting a link to http://google.com and calling it "Search" or something... This is exactly right. The windows implementation of ANSI C89 rand() was done with a 16 bit linear congruential generator back in the win16 days, and left unchanged for compatibility reasons. It's really not an insane choice on their part. Lots of applications really do rely on PRNG repeatability, and you wouldn't want a platform upgrade to interfere with that. The real lesson is that applications with solid randomness requirements need to be relying on their own generators (there are lots to choose from) or an OS-supplied RNG (e.g. /dev/urandom) and not ANSI C, which is underspecified. The author seems to have more depth in theory than in practice, unfortunately. The first function examined, and casually discarded (without attribution) is the Dan Bernstein djb2 function. This is a very popular function, largely because of its extreme simplicity ("multiply by 33 and add/xor in the next byte") and comparative robustness (it's VERY strong for a one-line algorithm). Neither of these benefits seem to be of interest, though, so he drops this one on the floor and he then trots off to examine a bunch of 20-30 line monsters. Which is interesting enough, but not terribly useful to someone who actually wants to implement, y'know, a real-world hash table. djb2 happens to be a favorite of mine, it's a great thing to keep in your head for when you need a nice robust mixing function. If you really have requirements that go beyond what it can provide, you're probably better off just using a cryptographic hash than trying to internalize the stuff in this article. Given that digest hashes are the strongest algorithms available anyway, all the advice here is just carefully disguised premature optimization, IMHO. The conclusion doesn't match the story. XYZ wasn't hurt because he wrote maintainable code, but because ABC didn't. XYZ's problem was that he/she wasn't able to maintain poor code. Believe it or not, folks, that's an important skill , and something employers in the corporate/IT world pay big money for. XYZ doesn't have it. ABC may or may not, it's not clear. But the moral here isn't that the market doesn't value good software. It's that the market places more value on the ability to make bad software work. Well, duh. Almost any of them can work well. If you are a competent admin and architect, you can make any distro work. But competent admins and architects generally already know several distros very well and wouldn't get much value from this discussion. So your real problem seems to be that you're worried that you don't have the proper skill set. Basically: you're asking the wrong question. Either develop the expertise yourself, or hire someone who already knows this stuff and trust their judgement. Asking a bunch of internet yahoos for their opinion on a platform choice is just going to cause a flamewar (c.f. bootload's post above). All that being said: I've had plenty of experience on Ubuntu and RHEL/CentOS and like them both. Debian is rougher but works once you know it well. Stay away from Gentoo except as a teaching tool. And *BSD and Solaris are also good choices if you have the staff buy-in (i.e. don't cause friction with your IT folks, let them use what they like). After three decades of minimal-to-mixed success, you would really think people would have figured out by now that RPC is a fundamentally flawed metaphor. It's not pipelineable, which means that it's always going to be slow. It's a deadlock waiting to happen. And it's obscure: it takes the simple notion of calling a method (say, to extract a single field) and hides from the programmer the fact that this simple object might live on another side of a content. Just a disaster. Without exception, every successful network protocol has a query/response structure. Even things that are "technically" based on an "RPC" protocol (NFS) have evolved in this direction for performance and simplicity. Take a look at the code for an NFS stack and see if you can see the "procedure calls" to the remote server. They aren't there. JSON isn't an RPC protocol, it's a data format. And REST is a web architecture, it lives at a higher level (and on top of HTTP, which is not an RPC protocol). RPC architectures are things likes Sun-RPC, CORBA, SOAP, XML-RPC, DCOM/COM+, etc... They model the network as a bunch of objects on which you can call methods/functions from within an existing programming environment. Which sounds like a nifty idea until you try it and discovers that it sucks (see above rant). Alternative for what problem? The issue is that RPC tends to fool people into spamming the network. Where a traditional database query would issue one request and get back a thousand rows of eight columns in a pipelined stream, a (dumb, but entirely plausible) RPC architecture might end up iterating over a thousand remote objects, calling an accessor method for each field, and making thousands of synchronous round trips to the server to accomplish what the SQL query did in just one. This technique doesn't antialias the corners either. It just draws tiny background rectangles with careful margins. But it's pretty clever, IMHO. And a few lines of jquery could automatically add the extra markup at load time. Please. Check the absolutist pedantry at the door. If the technique works and doesn't affect the content management process (which, remember, is the real reason that people want non-semantic markup out of the HTML -- it's so that there's a single place to look for the semantic stuff) then by all means go for it. With just a few lines of jquery you could automate this process based on a single class tag for the "rounded corner" divs or whatnot, and everyone wins. I'm not completely sold that this is easier than image mangement (it probably is for developers who fear graphics work, less so for designers who fear code hackery), but it's awfully clever to my eyes. The most important trick is just to name a price in the first place. Especially in software, if you're good at what you do and the position is a good fit, you are almost guaranteed to be able to get what you ask for, as long as it's not ridiculous. At worst, you'll get a counter-offer. If someone drops you outright it's because they really don't want you and the salary just forces them into a decision. (Or, rarely, it's because they truly can't afford you: you don't want that job, becuase it won't be there for long anyway.) Employers actually hate it when people come in with squishy responses like "Oh, I'm not looking for salary specifically..." because it just makes more work for them. It's much easier if they can say "this person costs this much, do we pay it or not?". Coming up with a "fair" salary is much harder. You realize that Debian will run just fine on that PowerBook, right? The idea of saving up for a new computer to run linux , of all things, sounds awfully alien to me. :) Yikes. It's like a "Fr33 software is teh suxor!" flame written by a literary analysis poseur. Not a lot of insight, but wow, can he nest a dependent clause! Meh. Sure, whatever. Open source hasn't taken over the world, hasn't killed windows, and is most successful on the server. I guess that's "failed" for some interpretations of the term. It's my experience that there's a hugely bimodal distribution in people's feelings on this issue. Some folks like Spolsky just eat it up. Thinking about office space and design turns them on, and it feeds back into being happier with everything (or conversely, working in a gray-carpetted drywall office drives them nuts). That's fine. To each his own. But for a lot of the rest of us, it's just not a big deal. The mechanics of the work environment (good location, quiet, offices with doors, etc...) certainly matter. But the look? Meh. To us, no matter what the physical space is, it's the coworkers who really define the work environment. Just bear that in mind before you decide that you have to write that huge check to the interior designer. At best, pretty space is going to help retain people on the margin: maybe it's a tiebreaker between you and google, etc... But it's never much more than a tiebreaker. Yawn. This article is three years old, and even in 2005 was mostly trite, recycled trash (X11 sucks on a line with 200ms latency? Do tell...). And big chunks of it are just plain wrong (no, stdin and stdout are not always pipes, are not forced to be unidirectional, and yes you can tell the difference) or incomplete (the author apparently has never heard of the scatter/gather I/O using readv/writev, nor kqueues/epoll, and doesn't seem to know much about signals either). Basically everything in this is either wrong or disingenuous. Stay away, it's just flame bait. If you want to read a good flame about unix, "The UNIX-HATER's Handbook" did all this much, much better. Read that. The linked article isn't worth your time. Why? The time to search a three entry vtable (or whatever) is still an order of magnitude lower than the time to fetch the thing from main memory in the first place. Performance optimization stopped being about instruction cycle counting a few years back. Detractors of UTF-8 are just wrong, period. On modern machines, main memory bandwidth gives you about 10 cycles or more per byte of input of free processing. It's irrelevant. And it's important to note that "how many glyphs does this string contain" is a pretty obscure question to be asking in the first place. What's the problem being solved here? The beauty of UTF-8 is that all (all!) of the common string operations continue to work as-is without change. strlen/strdup/strcat/strcpy? Yup, same behavior. Linear search for substrings or regexes? Yup, same behavior. Alphabetic comparison? Check. Just use it, and don't mess with encodings or you will mess things up. If you don't know how it works, just trust it. If you think you know how it works and still believe it doesn't meet your requirements, you're wrong. Generally, sane file metaphors try very hard not to change stuff in the middle of the file. Try to keep with one "record" (which might be a bigger object than a single row in a database!) per file, and read/write them all in one swoop. If you need indexes other than the one you get for free (the path name, of course), keep them in separate files and make sure your toolchain can rebuild them as needed. The filesystem has looser rules about data loss than the database will by default, so unless you want to handle this yourself (which can be done), you should probably to turn on "ordered data" journalling in your filesystem (e.g. for ext3: "mount -o data=ordered"). Then you only need to be able to recover from a crash (or killing) of your own software, which is a problem you'll have to handle anyway. The classic application for this sort of technique is a mail server. Software like sendmail and postfix has been doing reliable on-disk storage for decades now, and they don't have to jump through too many hoops to do it. I'm not sure I buy all of those arguments. Power supplies (cheap ones, anyway) are, indeed, of pretty mixed quality. But their failure rates show (in my experience, anyway) a distinct "bathtub curve", essentially failing within the first few months or not for several years. For a part like that, a used one can actually be more reliable than a new one, because you're essentially getting the "burn-in" for free. And while, again, it's true that off-brand memory has higher error rates than premium stuff (which, generally, is coming out of the same fabs but testing at higher tolerances), the error rate is (1) still very low, I've only seen one bad DIMM over the last 10 years or so, and (2) trivially easy to test with memtest86. Got a bad stick? Yeah, it sucks, but you just replace it (for $20 or whatever) and move on. It's not a reason to triple your memory cost, IMHO. And disk drives, in my experience, simply don't have a premium/bargain distinction in quality at all . Instead, these things fail in batches. Some 4500 RPM clearance models will churn for years, while some models of 15k RPM SAS monsters like give up the ghost within a few months. You can't win with drives. I don't think I believe those benchmarks. Many of those numbers are significantly slower (!) than main memory bandwidth, and for code like strlen() which can be naively implemented in about three instructions per byte. Something is wrong with the testing, I think. Amen! I'm not really a web developer by nature. The client environment has always driven me nuts: layer on layer of slightly-incompatible cruft. And giant javascript libraries just make the problem worse, not better. jQuery is like a breath of fresh air. I find it absolutely amazing that a library like this (based on minimalism of all things!) actually got mindshare in the modern world. Bravo! No offense, but this sounds a little shady. Maybe part of this is because it's a game project, which inevitably suffer from terminal optimism. But if you really have a working product and more paying users than you can handle, why are you looking for another "founder". This is the time where you should be hiring employees, not splitting the business risk. Must be in the same sense that Altivec was a "breakthrough" in SIMD architecture, or the PPC 601 was a "breakthrough" in CPU design. Apple's history is littered with breakthroughs like this. I'll believe it when I see it. As things stand right now, typical SMP scalability benchmarks put OS X solidly behind even Vista, and trailing Linux and FreeBSD by a mile (I wish I could find a cite for those -- they were doing the rounds a few months back, I think). It's also blurred because people try to apply it to problems for which isn't not appropriate. The central theme of REST is that a single URI corresponds uniquely to a single "thing", which is then operated on using a small set of operations (basically set/get/delete). That's great, if your problem works like that. It's not great if it doesn't. Some protocols really are more appropriately modelled using "methods" on the objects, because the behavior is what matters, not so much the data itself. This is mostly a fallacy. The FreeBSD code is limited almost exclusively to userspace stuff. The Darwin kernel descends much more directly from NeXT's mach-based product. It grew SMP support only very recently, and via a very different path from that taken in the monolithic BSD community. Honestly, I don't understand why Apple continues to work on their own kernel. It has near zero competitive advantage relative to FreeBSD or Linux, and much cost a fortune to maintain. The real value of their product has always been above the kernel anyway: I have to believe that switching the kernel out for a more robust Unix variant can only be a good thing for the Mac. Of protocols that don't work well with REST? Sure: anything that, in the database world, would require transactions. Think of the classic double-entry accounting transaction: you have two accounts, and need to atomically subtract an amount from one and add it to the other. Clearly the accounts are two (or more) REST URIs. But the operation needs to be atomic on both; it's not enough just to do two PUT/POST operations. You can do it with REST, but it requires some fancy footwork with extra objects for "locks" or whatnot. It's just a mess. With a protocol that exposes behavior instead of state? It's just a "DEBIT" command that takes two accounts and an amount and returns success or failure. Basically: pick the tool for the job. A lot of the "problems" with REST are an attempt to make the hype more powerful than the technique. No, no, no. That's not RESTful at all. What "thing" does /transactions represent? It's the same URI for every single account in the world? What you've done is break out of the paradigm in order to solve a particular problem, which is great. But don't call it "REST", because the whole point of this discussion is that doing so confuses people about what REST is supposed to mean. You're making the assumption that such a chip would reach market at the same time and in the same condition. The existing chip design companies are, in fact, really good at what they do, and they are rushing these things to market about as fast as can be done. Hardware product cycles are much longer than those for software, especially if you are trying to "innovate" like you posit. You can't just rev a new chipset for ever device release. I watched a demo of a video call on NTT DoCoMo's WCDMA network in early 2004. Yawn. Don't joke: as sad as it sounds, this truly was a huge innovation. No phone device anywhere had ever had a GUI interface to voice mail messages before. At best, it was a clunky front end to the button-activated service we'd been using for 20 years. Just had to jump on this: 640k was no more an "artificial" limit than 4G is. The 8086, like all CPUs, had only a finite amount of die space. They chose to implement a 20 bit wide bus, because that fit the problem space of a contemporary minicomputer (the biggets PDP/11 had 4MB). But they didn't have space for paging or mapping hardware, so the operating system needed to reserve some space for hardware (video framebuffers, etc...) to use. So thus was born the 640k/384k memory mapping of PC-DOS. It made perfect sense given the limitations of the hardware. Now, IBM could have chosen a different part like the 68000, which was a bigger and more expensive chip that had an internal 32 bit architecture. But they didn't, for some pretty justifiable reasons (like the need to compete with computers like the Apple II which were under $2k). Honestly, you're wrong. The point here is not whether "you" know better than the desktop software does whether or not what you are doing is "safe". The point is that no one does: 2-300 people, or more, were involved in writing the software you're about to run as root. It's a huge amount of code, and no one can even pretend to have audited all of it for security issues. And, in point of fact, vulnerabilities are discovered in this stuff all the time. Running that stuff as root is just dumb. If linux attracted even a tenth as much attention from black hats as does windows, and you did anything non-trivial (e.g. surfing) with that box, you would be more or less guaranteed to see it rooted at some point. So the desktop developers, being responsible about this stuff, are trying to warn you. You are just choosing not to listen. Like I said: you're wrong. I think that your causation direction is reversed. Good debugging requires solid understanding of the syntax and behavior first. If you don't have it, then you're just flailing at the tool. I see people do this all the time: using debuggers to try to get information they could get trivially by reading the code, or randomly changing things in the code and retesting instead of carefully watching something in a debugger. This kind of thing is a standard trope of investment news. Some market somewhere moves unexpectedly, so some journalist finds an analyst who predicted it and writes a story on "how they knew". It's a giant game of confirmation bias at work. That doesn't, by the way, mean that we aren't in for a rough few years (although depression-era hunger lines seem a step or nine too far to me). It just means that this guy doesn't statistically know any better than we do. He was just lucky. Ahem: "Scientists confirm that PARTS OF earliest genetic material came from the stars." You took an already over-sensationalized article title and editted out even the tiny hint of rationality it had left . Shame on you. From later in the article: "The materials they have found include the molecules uracil and xanthine". This isn't DNA, it's like finding a clay pit and announcing "Our house came from under the earth!". Sigh... [EDIT: I see the article title has been fixed to better reflect the source. Many thanks.] Truthfully, no, it's not all that significant. Here are the relevant wikipedia entries on those molecules: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uracil http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xanthine These are simple molecules. Many organic molecules (including some more complicated than this) have been found in space, either in meteorites or spectrally. This are significant only because they're chemically related to what life ultimately ended up using here on earth (or at least Uracil is, being an RNA pair base -- I have no idea what the Xanthine connection is, honestly). Really, this isn't all that surprising. This is all well and good. A product that people will buy because of brand (an iPhone, say) is worth more than one people buy because of what it is (a generic smartphone, in this context). So brand is a good thing to strive for. But there are other "decommodification" techniques that don't work so well. The same thing that gives you that great apple goodness is the reason we're all suffering with DRM, vendor lock-in, and senseless incompatibility. These are all just variants on the same theme: don't make things simple for the consumer, force them to "choose" you over your competitors. On the whole, I'd rather live in a world of commodities than brands, honestly. Agreed. This article seems like a good idea (essentially: "don't write needless code", and "don't expose fine-grained stuff you don't have to") extended to the point of pedantry. Certainly accessor methods can be clean and useful, especially for things like computed or read-only values. They certainly aren't a red flag for maintainability by themselves. I think the author is a little confused on terminology. The list management he's talking about, while a core part of the LISP metaphor, isn't normally considered part of "functional programming", which exploits more subtle stuff like lexical closures instead of "code-only" function/method references (a lambda is much more than just a function pointer!). Now, I'm not up on my .NET these days, but I'm all but certain a C# function is still a classic CPU call, with its data living on a normal CPU stack and not stashed into the heap somewhere where it can be found by a closure. Am I wrong? Hunh. Yuck. So how does that work at the instruction level? It seems like the generated code needs to take one of two wildly divergent paths depending on whether or not a scope includes a lambda or not. Either that, or you need to malloc the stack frame of every function that gets called, which is equally a mess.