This same submitter has spammed for this site seven times in the last 60 hours or so. I would classify that as a murder, but I don't think it would be counted as such in this data __ Generally, the number used is homicides with a gun -- that encompasses self-defense, manslaughter, police shootings, etc. For we got rid of things like having slaves be counted as 3/5 of a person of representation __ ... by amending it via formal, open process; not by selectively ignoring it. "I believe we should re-open the NFA registry" There has been essentially zero gun crime committed with legally-owned and possessed NFA weapons. "We haven't had a mass shooting since as far as I can recall" Well, no, but there weren't many before Hobart, either. But do take a look at your other crimes' rates since the confiscations, especially home invasion. And barrels aren't generally restricted, tracked, or serialized. Why the concern only about gun homicide? Does suicide get somehow worse when done with a gun as opposed to stepping in front of an Amtrak train? The obvious market and proving ground for a working "smart gun" is law enforcement (gun always on person when on duty, purchase decisions are by public agencies, etc.) So, when we see a couple of years of deployment of such a technology with major police forces, we can see if they work and are reliable. Track sales more tightly than we currently do for sudafed Ammunition purchase registration was in fact the law of the land from 1968-1986, when it was repealed because it was useless in solving crime. To quote the BATF Director: "The Bureau [of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms] and the Department [of the Treasury] have recognized that the current recordkeeping requirements for ammunition have no substantial law enforcement value." An example of the risks of the era when Texas had no nondiscretionary concealed-carry permit process was the Luby's shooting of 1991 (23 dead): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luby%27s_shooting ... because it could have been stopped: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzanna_Hupp I don't believe this thirdhand quote for a second: "“My daddy’s in jail and he said he gets three meals a day. And sometimes my mom can’t make me food and I’m hungry.” I went home and I cried that night. This is a kindergartner. Teachers told him he was going to jail." First of all, Palo Alto is among the best and highest-resourced public school districts around. Secondly, I can't imagine any PAUSD teacher saying such a thing to any student under any circumstances. Beyond, that, Kindergarten is a single-teacher class for a given kid, so for this to be true, other teachers would have had to volunteer this unbelievable criticism to him clear out of the blue. ‘‘It’s extremely difficult to get into the United States as a refugee — the odds of winning the Powerball are probably better" Actually, their odds are over 175,000 TIMES better than winning the Powerball. 'Dr. Ben Carson conflated Syrian refugees with ‘‘rabid dogs.’’' Flat lie. That reference was about (Paris) terrorists and not about refugees from anywhere: http://www.nytimes.com/politics/first-draft/2015/11/20/terro... Are four separate threads for the same story, submitted all at once, really necessary? https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=rhengles What is your source for this? It directly conflicts with Ambrose's book, which is perhaps the best-researched history of the trip. Members of the Corps all had a meat ration of 5 lbs. a day (when available) for everyone, including native guides (none of whom was on the whole trip) and Sacagawea. That's the common spin of the moment. What they aren't saying is why Flint switched its supply: the Detroit system drastically raised its fees to Flint (the switch saved $19 million over the first 8 years alone), and Flint was broke as it is. The city council vote to switch was 7-1, with 6 Democrats voting "yes". http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2013/03/flint_city... Many articles try to imply that the lead came from the new water supplier; in fact, it leached from lead pipes the existing system used as its water mains. Yes, despite all these years of knowing the dangers of lead, neither Flint nor Detroit made any attempt to clear lead from their water delivery systems, and EPA rules allowed testing to be based on long periods of letting taps run to clear as many contaminants as possible first. And switching back to Detroit water doesn't solve the lead problem in the mains, although it may be less acute. Moore's account is partisan and largely fictional. Even Mother Jones has reported that water problems predate the system change; see comments on https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11003287 Previous discussion you can see both sides of the argument discussed here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10961513#up_10963376 Here is reporting on the original decision; note that in the 7-1 vote to change, 6 of the ayes were Democrats: http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2013/03/flint_city... The bottom line is, Detroit government was gouging Flint; Flint arranged a new supplier from Lake Huron (Karegnondi Water Authority), choosing to drop Detroit's usury system once it was complete; Detroit cut them off ENTIRELY instead at the earliest date they could, leaving Flint dry for 3+ years and the Flint River as the only choice. Typical falsehood-ridden (not just spun) WP article on firearms. Errata: 1) "In the 1993 gun battle at the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Tex., for instance, the cultists "fired a .50 caliber semiautomatic rifle at agents attempting to execute a search warrant," according to a GAO report." Well, that's what a 1999 (6 years after the fact) said in passing, but its only attribution is "according to ATF". In fact, no .50 caliber bullets or damage thereof was ever found or entered into evidence. 2) "In 2013, a suspect in a police standoff in Fond du Lac, Wis., fired several .50 caliber rounds during the incident, prompting police to call in a BearCat armored vehicle." Outright fabrication. Not only did the police not claim that the .50 caliber was fired at any officer, but Rogler was not even charged with a gun crime of any kind . 3) "Overall, the gun safety group Violence Policy Center has identified at least 46 instances of .50 caliber guns being used in criminal activity." Outright fabrication. There has been exactly one criminal use of a .50 caliber rifle (Adam Wickizer, 2013) among all of the crimes in that list. That VPC document is so sloppy, they keep referring to "50 caliber" rather than .50 caliber. (50 caliber would be a 4-foot-diameter projectile) parking your car facing the 'wrong' way ... leaves conclusive evidence of two moving violations (driving on the wrong side of the street twice). You could do worse than one parking ticket. If you are looking to establish your brand as relevant, it's a poor choice. It's hard to take Medium seriously as long as they are designed to troll for (and track) reposts by adding fake fragment identifiers to all of their URLs (which they also use to defeat dupe detection). Legitimate venues don't need that kind of evasion. If you've been dumped by MSNBC , can you even claim the title of "journalist" in the first place? "If the facts aren't on your side, argue the law." Thus is the state of Medium today. I was, up to this point, unaware that all sexual harassment in workplaces was of women, by men. How can any intelligent person be so oblivious about being trolled by his own kind? Had the author been alive during the American Revolution, he would have blamed the Boston Tea Party on Native Americans, too. Interesting content, but page does not display on Chrome with adblock. Renders OK on Opera without adblock. BTW, does this mean that (((Jesus))) must be wrapped accordingly, too? Dude. This is the fourth time you alone have posted this in the last 2+ days. One benefit of this is that city streets and sidewalks will be forever protected from being damaged by sunlight. The traditional debate in accounting is " Make , or Buy ?" Theft is cheaper than either. Is this the same "Intelligence Reform" that brought the Shah into the USA, triggering the U.S. Embassy hostage crisis? "And, prior to the massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando on Saturday night , executives were telling investors to expect another big bump — because of the upcoming elections ." Which directly contradicts the clickbait title. "the mass shootings are uniquely american thing" Compare levels of gun violence in two border cities with very similar demographics: El Paso, Texas and Juarez, Chihuahua State. One one side of the border, gun ownership and carry rights are quite strong. On the other, handguns are essentially banned. Which do you think has more violent crime? A commercial for offshoring jobs. Disgusting, even by Medium standards. Here's what happens in another country with strict gun control laws: http://america.aljazeera.com/opinions/2014/11/mexico-politic... Gun control ends gun violence as surely an (sic) antibiotics end bacterial infections That's utterly false. There's not even a strong correlation between gun bans and reductions in violent crime. (Mexico and other countries to its south are great examples.) In the U.S., the violent gun crime rate went down after the 1994 "Assault Weapons" ban lapsed. Saddest of all, this isn't even labeled as an opinion piece -- they call this "news", not an Op-Ed. This is worsened by a certain individual[1] who insists on reposting the same links multiple times a day. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=dnetesn A collection of "studies" by an anti-gun-rights author, almost all of which use 20-year-old (and up) data. Blogspam of a Wired article. YC won't be deploying the submarines until the last few hitches in the fusion reactor design are worked out, probably by the end of next week. They "fail" to mention that the reason the principals were denied ballots was not that their identity was in question but that their eligibility to vote in the given precinct was not established, because of never registering previously and not proving residency in that precinct . By throwing in a petty, prejudiced comment from the very outset ("a stocky female of South Asian complexion "), focusing on attributes completely unrelated to the case, the author's quotations lose credibility. I'm not at all surprised that they are completely mute on age diversity. In all of those showcase photos spanning all of those companies, is there a single person over the age of 35? For those out there who revile the Koch brothers: The research was funded by the Koch Institute Blogspam ripped from summaries and comments on Amazon... right down to the misspelling of "Spitze" (sic). "Yes. I have two sisters that could lose access to birth control and planned parenthood." By what specific mechanism could a Trump presidency cause them to lose access to birth control or abortion? Have you read Roe v Wade (or even the Constitution, for that matter) at all ? Again, describe the mechanism by which this could happen. "... a new law defunding planned parenthood and/or banning abortion" Not giving Federal taxpayer money to PP doesn't stop them from doing abortions (they officially claim they use no taxpayer funds for abortion anyway), and you can't ban abortion via statute due to Roe v Wade having supremacy. (BTW, PP does a minority of abortions in the USA.) Even if the USSC wanted to replace Roe v Wade, they can't just do that by decree. A relevant case that would give them that nexus would have to navigate itself all the way up the chain from Federal court through the corresponding Court of Appeals (assuming they even hear the case), winning all the way in courts laden with Obama appointees, to even get on the USSC's radar. You didn't understand what you claim to have read. All private media (print, radio, and TV) make a lot from ad buys. At the local level, political consultants and mailhouses (those who print and send those glossy mailers -- the original tree-killing meme) make their living off elections. No, for a variety of reasons. First of all, it wouldn't pass, because Democrats would vote 95% against and Republicans at most 75% for. But even if it DID pass the House, the Senate would just filibuster it. And even if by some miracle one was passed and signed, it would hit an immediate injunction from the Federal court of the abortion-backers' choice, using Roe as a precedent. The concept makes for a good scare tactic to raise contributions and volunteers, but it goes nowhere in the real world.