The world's most affordable laptop that doesn't suck is the Thinkpad you buy on eBay for $95 and install Debian + xorg + openbox on. I have super-glued lead fishing weights into the base of my desk VoIP phone (a Yealink sip-t28p) to give it more heft on the desk and stop it from sliding around when bumped. For $150 I would rather buy a NUC sized thing with VESA mount and put a small, fast M.2 SSD in it. Also it will likely have a proper 1000baseT NIC in it which is far preferable to any form of 802.11n/ac. I am enjoying an environment configured to only allow TLSv1.2 and deny everything else. It may not be a realistic option for everyone, but for anything new built in 2015 and later is the only sensible choice. Hey, let's install unsigned APKs from random sources in china for $17 consumer gadgets, nothing could possibly go wrong. Hey, let's install unsigned APKs from random sources in china for $17 consumer gadgets, nothing could possibly go wrong. This is a typo or copy paste error. Based on the 52dbw EIRP it is a standard FCC compliant 80 GHz FDD radio system (same family as bridgewave, e-band, siklu, SIAE). Actual electrical power consumed at the wall is probably https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delay-tolerant_networking http://ipnsig.org/ Never buy any inkjet printer. I threw in the garbage a Canon multifunction that refused ton work as a SCANNER when its ink was empty. If you have the space and print a lot of black and white, buy an eight year old used HP LaserJet with an Ethernet interface. Even a 4100DTN is a great deal, sub $100. ha, ha: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blueseed tl;dr Someone is getting fired. " All we had to do was download an app and click on some mysterious Chinese advertisements to top up our data. " This is the sort of shit that keeps network security people awake at night. I bet they enabled third-party app downloads on their Android phones and uninstalled some unknown .apk The future business leaders of America... fuck... These are the sort of people who give Americans a bad name overseas. I mean seriously how do you fail to learn that China requires visas? Or know the history of HK-China and why there is a border? At least they're apparently not blistering blowhards like some merkins in Europe. To be fair to China's chauvinist culture they would've done the same of the visitors/clients were Chinese. Actually if they were Chinese they probably would've been taken directly to a brothel. The 2707's cancellation being the reason for Boeing laying of 60,000 people is a huge exaggeration. There was a general downturn in ALL airliner sales at that point in time in the 1970s, affecting the volume of existing subsonic airplane production. http://old.seattletimes.com/special/centennial/november/ligh... Read more history about the 1970s oil/energy crisis. original purpose: building a giant airship new purpose: pasty white germans eating barbecued sausage and drinking beer on a fake tropical beach Most long haul fiber cables pulled these days are way more than 48, at minimum 144, 288 or most commonly 864 strand ribbon. If you're trenching 300 km of fiber along a railway the cable itself is actually a small fraction of the total project costs. At most a 5% delta between 72 and 288. In an African context with limited logistics and trucking options, absolutely. And the projects are at a bare minimum budget already. I've been involved with a few, just the subcontract for concrete vaults/splice locations runs on a shoestring budget. In many cases bringing singlemode to an inland/remote city will be a dramatic improvement no matter even if it's 12 strands back to the capitol city/cable landing station location. We're talking about replacing microwave backhauls that are 4 x STM1 capacity total, serving the entire inland/up-country area of a nation, with a single 10GbE circuit. Dramatic difference. And very basic 100 GHz grid DWDM gear can be used. I don't understand why anyone would buy a home automation/smart-home device that can't work fully independent of "the cloud" (butt) with local management. If I can't talk to it over private IP space and run a local daemon/server on the same layer 2 ethernet fabric to manage it (eg: Unifi), I don't want it. If I want to remotely access a camera or something like dropcam I am perfectly capable of VPNing in to my own home network to do so. I don't need the butt. Do not trust the butt. Do not trust the butt. Do not trust the butt. If you didn't build it and you don't know where it is, it could go away at any time for any reason and you will have zero recourse. DO NOT. TRUST. THE BUTT. and this is why certain 4x4 enthusiasts enjoy driving 25 year old diesel vehicles. How long until somebody in MA screen captures the entire Model S service manual and puts it up for public consumption as a torrent? The people who live in Dildo, Newfoundland will be disappointed. The warrant is ridiculous even without the tor part. Read pages #6 and #7. http://www.thestranger.com/images/blogimages/2016/04/08/1460... ISPs maintain hash values of known child porn files? Show me a single ISP in the Seattle area that runs any of its residential customer http traffic through a caching proxy that examines and hashes each file, I'll eat my shoe. I know the hashes exist, but they're not used on traffic in transit except in very unusual circumstances. They're used by web hosting companies/dedicated server providers/VPS hosting companies etc to examine the disk/storage device contents of a suspicious server against a known list of the hashes of previously-seized CP. Yes, about 90% of this affidavit is fill-in-the-blanks boilerplate. 99% of all VPS providers (in the $5/mo category, not $75/mo) will kill your account for running an exit node. They do not want their blocks of ARIN, RIPE or APNIC ipv4 space listed in every abuse and spam swamp realtime black hole list in existence. coming soon to bearded skinny pants hipsters everywhere!!! don't forget your portable mechanical typewriter so you can write your memoirs at the local coffee shop. I'm not quite sure how to sent a direct user-to-user message, or if it's possible, so I'm doing this in a reply... I would also like to compare notes and previous experience from telecom/ISP work in developing nation environments. One of the things I think will be interesting to see in the next few years is the glut of previous-generation DWDM transport gear (Ciena, Cisco, Infinera, Adva, etc) which is being replaced by US ISPs. Equipment that can do 40 x 10 Gbps channels in the 100 GHz ITU grid is becoming obsolete and pretty much everyone is upgrading to gear that can do 100 Gbps per channel. It'll be available really cheap in the used/refurb market and totally suitable for long distance applications in Africa where newly installed dark fiber is available. I already know of a few ISPs in the Seattle area that are pretty much giving away their old DWDM stuff. For small working groups that all trust each other (example: a network engineering team at an ISP with a bastion host that everyone needs to SSH into before accessing anything else), a really easy solution is to run an ircd that only listens on 127.0.0.1, only allows access via properly set up public/private key ssh shells, and have everyone keep a persistent "screen" (or tmux) session running. You could have a very lightweight http server that only runs for the 30-second period of time needed to communicate with the ACME server for the certificate issue... I would be surprised if CSE and CSIS don't have their own staff embedded inside Blackberry, either with or without the company's knowledge. They don't have nearly the budget that NSA does but they're not stupid. One of the amazing things about the US is that poorest 15% of the population (by gross household income) is also the FATTEST segment of the population. In developing countries where the poorest 15% are truly living a bare existence lifestyle (Pakistan, India, Bangladesh) you would never see a poor obese person. replacing openssh with something you've written yourself seems like reinventing the wheel, just because you can. the sheer number of person-hours at developer salary rates in north america would probably amount to at least a few million dollars. not only was it a military dictatorship, it was a military dictatorship with its domestic, foreign and signals intelligence agencies set up by the CIA and NSA. Part of the historical and ongoing extensive cooperation between the US DoD and the South Korean armed forces. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Intelligence_Service_... if somebody wants to sue a layer 2 ethernet fabric chip maker they're insane. any asshole can use a switch to do any sort of terrible thing with their nation's internet infrastructure. it's like suing intel because they made the 1GbE NIC in a server seized for kiddie porn. Don't forget US support for the Greek military junta: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greek_military_junta_of_1967%E... And the US military LOVED Saddam Hussein. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_support_for_Iraq... Show me any documentation whatsoever that proves a pure layer 2 Ethernet switch has been put on a test network and observed (via packet capture on its upstream) sending data home. Well, it'd probably be a capitalist randian chaebol clusterfuck of industry and manufacturing, rather than juche. Not at all. "Put a suspicious device on an internet connection, let it run, and capture all packets to see where it phones home" is a fairly basic process. Those who have not yet seen it should watch The Killing Fields. "We've invented the wine bottle version of an inkjet cartridge or Keurig plastic k-cup, give us money". VCs: HERE HAVE SOME CASH Very true. I just don't think there's that much of a market for people who want to drink half a bottle of wine and have the rest remain 'fresh'. The average consumer is also becoming increasingly aware of how the razor-blade sales model is bad for them. > more basic journalism than CNN? CNN has been a joke for a long time. This is totally unsurprising to anyone that has seen in person the state of "enterprise" IT at a large organization in India, Pakistan or Bangladesh. Not really, if your expected adversary is your local nation state that wants to watch your Internet traffic for domestic political dissent (Iran, Ethiopia, China, etc). Whole article tl;dr: randian libertarian idealist buttcoin people are extremely surprised to discover that a black market economy turns out to actually contain real blackhats. Without going into detail that violates an NDA or reveals who I am, I've seen the back-end database/billing/network monitoring infrastructure for the three largest mobile network operators in Pakistan. It's scary. The banks in PK are worse. The lack of giving a fuck (or clue) is endemic to the region. People in south asia build their networks the same way they build their municipal electrical grids, in-premises 230VAC electricity, and municipal gas pipeline networks (in a very scary slapped together way). This may be partially explained by a brain drain effect where everyone who really knows what they're doing on a *nix platform leaves the country to work for $70,000+ USD/year somewhere outside of PK/IN/BD. Those who are left are very far from the best network security, network engineering or sysadmin talents. Particularly when basic networking gear that will do the job is NOT that expensive. There are equipment importers in major south asian cities who bring in used/refurb PCs, servers and network gear. You can get a Cisco 3550-48 for $40. For an organization of this size there is no excuse to build a network with D-Links.