Exactly, Dawdle cant forever buy used games for $40 and do nothing with them, they'd bankrupt. This is not real money multiplier (like in bank), because "new" money is not created "from air" but taken from other place. So, for each used game bought by Dawdle either: a) Dawdle lose $40 b) Dawdle sells this game to someone (in which case this is exactly the same situation like in case of GameStop) For Dawdle to survive amount of cash lost by unsold used games must be smaller than amount of cash earned by selling new and used games (only count margins there, not full prices). Still - either Dawdle bankrupt, or somebody is going to buy that used game from them (at least high percent of that used games). PS. I wish them all the best, but these charts and description using words like money multiplier is just Wrong (tm) :) magic net add is: to give somebody $40 for used game you must take it from somebody. For example by selling a new or used game to somebody. This is not shown in lower chart, but is shown in upper chart. So in upper chart money are circling in closed environment(GameStop even takes some money out of it), while in lower chart there is some money coming from outside. That is why these charts are meaningless. You said your company has incentive to sell new games, because margin is bigger. OK, but if that is case, why at all you buy used games? Are you not planning to sell them? Enigma was really cracked in Poland years before WWII. Then after German invasion Polish mathematicians moves to France, then to Great Britain, and here continue work. It always makes me sad when people forget about their ingenious work, and in Hollywood films it always looks like all that was done by English speaking people. Sources: http://www.enigmahistory.org/enigma.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enigma_machine I've always been shy and had troubles with relations with other people. I've met my wife by chance, and it was miracle that she didn't put me down when I've told her repeatedly "I'm so boring, really, let's speak about you" on our first "date" :). I was expecting women will appreciate that I'm so humble etc. It turns out they just thought I'm really boring, if I say so myself. So this is lesson number one - don't assume women will appreciate that you are humble. Still - my wife somewhat endured my "I'm so humble and nice etc" talk, and we're married now, so there is a chance to everybody :) So - lesson number 2 is - when you meet right kind of person at right moment in life, it is really difficult to screw things up. So be yourself and don't worry - your time will come. Just remember to be open to new people and new experiences. PS when you are shy it helps a lot when you think about everything you do in terms of "what would be the worst outcome of this if I screw up?" It is often the case that the worst outcome is exactly the same that if you don't do anything. So expected value is higher than 0 :). For me it helped a lot. Hey, you smart Americans, left our smart women to us :) You haven't work with that many languages, have you :) >>> x = 3 + "7" What type should be x now: int or str ? Also: "10" is lesser than "2" but 10 is greater 2. Should (3 + "7") > 2 return true ? Such automatic conversions forces you to remember many arbitrary rules, and when you forget it, you have bug that shows later. It's easier to just write that str() (or use operator %). Poster asked why he has to type print "x="+str(x). I assumed he would like to just type print "x="+x. For that code to work str.__add__(self,x) should accept int as parameter x. If that was the case, then "3" + 7 would return "37" (ok, I've thought it will be "10", my bad :)), but 7 + "3" would still cast exception. So + would be not symmetric. And imagine, what if people could just go to library, and just read a book, without paying anything. That would be collapse of civilisation as we know it. Are functions first class objects in Nimrod, because I couldn't find function type in manual(pointers to function isn't what I mean :)). I've nerver understanded why exactly english metric system, date formating, and naming of big numbers is so inconsistent. When you write date, you have to natural way - from the the least significant bit:) to the most, and the other way around. And Americans use month/day/year. Perfectly intuitive :) Likewise - in long scale system there is simple rule - next name for big number is 10^3 times bigger. Indian system is also consistent, but mixing this is just crazy. And don't get me started about inches, feets etc. Still, I shouldn't complain - in my language there are three possible words for most of the nouns - for example: 1 jablko, 2-4 jablka, 5-21 jablek, 22-24 jablka, 25-31 jablek, 32-34 jablka, etc :) Of course then you have to conjugate every noun by apropriate case (one of 7). That's becouse old Polish had Singular, Plural and SomethingInBetweenWhichICantFindEnglishWordFor. So - embrace our diversity - scientist will use 10^n anyway. I've discovered, that communicating sth to "normal" people isn't more difficult because of programming. But it's sometimes less understandable what somebody is trying to say, when I'm in "strict thinking" mode. It's the same with switching between natural languages - I've once met foreigner in Poland in place where I wouldn't think he can be. He was talking to me in English for more than a minute before I've recognized that I must mentaly switch to English to understand him :) I think social contacts are difficult for programmers, because programming does not require listening to anybody. I can't see why this crisis is so different from other depressions in last 20 years. It's sad that it happens, but anyway it's better than what other (non capitalistic) systems have to offer. Also - nobody in his right mind would propose system with no rules at all. It's not what capitalism is about. Capitalism just says - rules should be clear, the same for everybody and the fewer rules we have, the better. But some are neccesary. I live in Poland, and here this crisis looks much better than last two (I mean - we have now below 13% unemployment, and for most of last 20 years it was sth like 17%). I think it's because our National Bank was always very strict when it comes to controlling commercial Banks market. I don't see controlling banks as violation of capitalism - it's more like Banks are ugly hack on capitalism to make profits bigger (making money from nothing:). And when you use ugly hacks, sometimes there are bugs. PS. it's interesting, if banks (I mean modern style banks - lending money they don't have) are good for society in the long term? This photorealism makes new games very boring artistic-wise. Old games with hand-drawn graphic had some artistic value in them, they made pepole imagine other worlds etc. Now it's just photorealism everywhere. I wonder, when game graphic dadaism and cubism will appear. Art is not about making more realistic copies. Right now I'm trying to learn clojure, and write 2d arcade game with it. I've encountered similar problems (almost everything should be passed almost everywhere), but I think this is actually good thing to choose what part of game can change what beforehand. My architecture (so far - it's in early planning stage): 2 threads (physic and logic thread going 10 Hz and graphic thread going as fast as it can drawing world) objects are struct-maps with fields position, animation frame, life etc (all fields are functions of time, and can change between physic thread turns, but not in one physic thread turn). Graphic thread just gets time and for each visible object draws it at current position (calculated from time by objects position function). So movement should be smooth and not dependent on frame rate. physic thread in response to player input calculates new functions for objects (only for X next turns). These new functions are encapsulated in event objects, that are added to events priority queue. On each turn (of physic thread) events for that thread are executed - each event takes set of game objects (not always all objects) and time and returns changed set of game ojects. In C++ this will be much easier to write at first (no hard thinking needed:)), but later it could become nightmare to change because of side effects. Most people using adblock I know disable it on sites they visit frequently, if that sites has reasonable ads. So do I. But when anything makes a new window, sound, or pop up without me wanting it, it means war. And adblock is for such pages. I know it's over the top, but it's to try sth different for once. Also - multithreading is because my earlier games was in one thread, and I've always had problems with consistent framerate - some frames was longer, some shorter. When I tried considering last frame duration as multipilier, game became not stable (too long frame and bullets will fly throught the wall, etc). And networked game is difficult to get right with nonuniform duration of frames. So I try to see if this will be better. What's for sure overenginered is using function of time instead of simple numbers for positions. But that is just to make it different. I'll use radix tree for dictionary, to speed up testing. For words (son, sun, so, sunny) it would be: root -> S -> O -> . \ \-> N -> . \-> U -> N -> . \-> N -> Y -> . Then - for each character in given string I'll make pointer pointing at root of dictionary tree. Then in loop I would advance down each pointer in turn, until it's no longer possible to go down the tree, or the until the characters for given pointer ended. When no pointer can be advanced, the pointer that gives longest word is the best. Everything has been done before :) Thanks, yes, I'll release it when it's ready. I think hools would just get scared and run away the moment first real bullet would be shoot. Also - helping "inferior" (in they opinion) races/nations? Not likely. So protest is right if people go to kill their government by themselves? And when they can't do it by themselves and call for help, this is treason even when they didn't wanted the government that rules them in the first place? Now that's black and whit simplistic view of world. Is the concept of treason even relevant when you live in a your country and somebody rules it without your (and other people living there) agreement? I mean - I live in Poland, after WW2 Soviet Union ruled here (ok, not directly but by proxy:), is treason of such proxy government really treason? For me it's heroism, because people in Poland didn't wanted that government in the first place. Also - for me peaceful revolution is better than blood bath revolution any time. w sf x sf2 y sf3 z is equivalent to sf3(sf2(sf(w,x),y),z) assuming left to right evaluation (and equal priorities of operations). Trees of operations: w sf x sf2 y sf3 z w-sf1-sf2-sf3 | | | x y z sf(w,sf2(x,sf3(y,z))) sf1-sf2-sf3-z | | | w x y You can permutate w,x,y,z in these trees - I was sure this will give the same expressions, but now I'm not. Interesting question. Edit: oh, so you wanted to permutate functions, not arguments. Then it won't give the same expressions. I've tried version with 3 arguments (x,y,z) and 2 functions (+,/), and these two aproaches are not equivalent. For example: /(x,+(y,z)) has no equivalent expression that can be made from x f1 y f2 z if you permutate arguments or substitute functions (f1=/ f2 = +) or (f2=+ f1=/) because / binds stronger than +. Impressing people might have something to this :) At least I'm impressed. Law system contains natural numbers, so it has by definition some expressions that can't be evaluated :) About math books: because in math space can mean multiply: f(ax - 1 b - 3 c y z) is not as clear as f(ax - 1, b - 3 c, y, z). I thint this thing would be very useful even if not connected to web. If it could write everything to disk, not to web. Of course - volume of its memory will have to be enormous. Also - it has to encrypt data with private key, and public key will be safe in home, so nobody can see your whole life when you will lost this thing, or sbd will steal it. About crime prevention etc - there should be button that starts sending all data to police without encrypting it in real time. I would buy one. I was buing computer a few years ago (was a student then, so money/time coefficient was a lot bigger :)) , and tried to make it likewise - I've choosed components and went to trip over all computer shops near my flat. But every single shop I've been didn't have a few components that I've choosen, so I couldn't simplify decision to only one variable. I've even thought that they may do it so I can't compare prices. Code is not the avatar - it is the knowledge and memories (probably written in form of a big blob of neural net coefficients) that makes a concious being. Each time the game is restarted there would be new beings in it (unless their data is saved between games somewhere). Erasing knowledge and memories of such AI would be analog to killing, and it will become problem, because throwing out data is easier, and writing you enemies to DVD after each game of Quake 10 becouse of moral issues will be problematic after some time. Try eclipse + plugin to write in clojure - it gives you interactive console to explore clojure. Download eclipse, then install: http://code.google.com/p/counterclockwise/wiki/Documentation Also, the bottleneck is memory access, not cpu power, so optimising for this or that cpu isn't that important after all. On the site there is info that batterylife is 1 year on "normal usage", whatever it means. If i was to buy it, it would be as a cheap ebook reader. But only if it will allow reading pdfs with images. I live in Poland, so maybe I'm not the right person to criticize your NHS, but from what my friends who live in GB say (and I have a lot of them:)) NHS is worse even than our polish NFZ. And man, does NFZ suck. It may be because in Poland NFZ is "tax and corruption" funded, so it has more money than only tax funded NHS. But - in Poland you goes to first contact doctor with regular cold, or head pain, or normal flu, and you have 100% chance of seing the doctor, and he probably will right away prescribe you some antibiotics and send you to tthe blood tests. In GB, I've heard, the first contact doctor is nurse in reality most of the times. And he/she will just prescribe you the painkillers and send you away, till it's something more serious. About flu - when you have really serious consequences after a flu it's because some bacteria get a "free ride" on your immunity system compromised by a virus, so antibiotics are sometimes good thing to take when having a flu. Still - I agree, doctors are prescribing them too often. Anyway - Polish emigrants (immigrants from you POV:)) are commonly returning to Poland to go to doctor, and that means it's in some ways better, so two way ticket is worth it. Sometimes they return to go to private doctors because private healthcare is much cheaper in Poland, but they also return to go to regular NFZ, and there must be a reason for that (maybe immigrants in GB are given worse treatment?). Anyway - http://polandian.home.pl/index.php/2008/09/24/english-patien... :) every single point of this paper is like description of my company (and we don't do medical systems). I had c-64 and one of the most frustrating memories from my childhood was that I couldn't get it to draw anything in a graphic mode. In manual the code to initiate graphic mode had error in it, or the manual was for different version of the computer, I still don't know. Anyway - 8-bit computers were superb "teach-yourself-programming" machines, but I think novadays kids have internet access, so they will manage :) PS. I would choose python + pygame to teach a kid graphic programming. It is simple, interpretted and has interactive console. Truly brave man. Another one: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Witold_Pilecki - "Polish James Bond" - he voluntered to go to Auschwitz in 1940, made reports about what happened there, organized resistance in camp, stolen some German documents and escaped when nobody wanted to try and attack the camp (he was trying to persuade Aliants and Polish Home Army to do that, but they thought it wouldn't work). Camps would be even better at holding soldiers if a few planes bombed them, and some millions of Jews/Poles/Russians/Gypsies/Ukrainians/Muslims/Homosexualists, and other "subhumans" would be free. Nazists would have to catch them again, make these camps defended better, fight with the people that were escaping, etc. The more chaos on enemy teritory, the better for me, right? They (England etc) just didn't believe raports about that camps, and anyway didn't cared that much about some Jews and Eastern Europeans. They showed the same in Jalta. Soviets only tell the people of this catastrophe, when independent scientists from Finland reported that radiation levels are unusually high, if they could, they would get away with this, no matter peoples' health. I wonder if this sugests that teaching in public schools is better, or that tests are prefering students that graduated public schools. For me it helps, when I can see effects of my work right now. I write games in my free time, and I've noticed, that if I overenginer and have to write architectural code for too long, I abandon the project. The faster there is sth to play with, no matter how simple, the better. So I first write graphics code, so there is sth on the screen, then some simple keyboard input module, that later will be replaced, just to be able to move character on screen. Then I can see if the idea was good, and if it's fun to play with it. If it's fun, improving (and playtesting:) it is very addicting, so I can finish the project. Also, IMHO, it's better to start with simple idea, and give it depth by polishing details, than to start with ambitious project in the first place. Iterative programming ftw :) For me this example is "for functional programming", not againist it - I mean, since when ease of using global variables is adventage ? You end with code that is hard to reason about. For me it's good, that making the code complicated to understand is hard. in the scatter plot this information is more clear to me, also - in the scater plot if I draw minimal squares line, I can immediately see the countries that are "better thhan average" and "worse than average" with their efficiency of healthcare. I would say - the craziness of bug is proportional to the number of the levels of abstraction that it takes from the source of bug to its effects. And that's why I don't like systems with > 2 layers (J2EE, I'm talking to you). I'm Polish, and I support using native languages, but it's fact - English is the lingua franca of software. About Linux - internationalization is done right here, in normal day to day usage it isn't needed to know English, but still the problem is with troubleshouting - the easier to google error message the easier it is to solve problem, and error messages in Polish are harder to google. In old times every error presented to user had an error code, that was constant across locales. I think this is very good convention - it helps with searching for informations about error without enforcing people to use software in locale that is not their native. BTW - other good convention for error messages is to include in every error message unique string that is also dumped to logs. That way it is later easier to match stacktraces in log files with error reports from users. In Eclipse IDE almost every Polish accented character "Alt + l, s,c,o,..." is made into keyboard shortcut, so every time I create a new workspace I have to manually change these shortcuts to other, not colliding with my language. And we do translations with Eclipse, so local characters are important. But that's the way it is, at least we don't have two kinds of I letter, like some ohter countries :) Like any templating engine I've seen - there are "for each", "if then else" etc. It's just matter of convention - designer should know what he can change, and what he cannot - lisp-encoded html is almost like normal html, and has the adventage of being compiled - some static checking can be done. When you extract data producing into functions only called b name in code that is emiting html it will lokk just like html template, and it has all the clojure power when it's needed. It only states that CL implementations are also buggy and slow :) 1. This assumes that judges (priests) are honest and neutral to the case, and doesn't believe in the intervention of God themselves. 2. This assumes people innocent in this case won't be afraid God won't help them because of theirs other sins (and who is not a sinner?). 3. I don't think people were that much religious then. I mean - sexually medieval people wasn't more puritanical than we are, why should we assume they were believing in God thah strong (to put hand in the fire etc). 4. How do we know ordeals worked? It's obvious that priests were describing their work in superlatives. And they were the most literate class then.