It seems to me that Git's ecosystem is rather more developed than Subversion's, despite its younger age. I haven't seen any hosting service for Subversion repositories that approaches GitHub (and even `gitweb` is pretty nice actually) and the amount of stuff in e.g. http://git.or.cz/gitwiki/InterfacesFrontendsAndTools is pretty huge compared to what I've seen for SVN. When it comes to documentation, not only is the reference manual excellent in the usual way of Unix reference manuals, but I also know of six tutorial Git books, several of which are free online: the Git User's Manual, the Git Community Book, Git Magic, Pragmatic Version Control Using Git, Pro Git, and Git Internals. As I said in another comment (now deleted), I'm using Subversion on a project for the first time in years, and I constantly find myself wishing the project was using Git. I've found git pretty frustrating to learn too. darcs is a lot easier. Still, it sure is more powerful than SVN, and once you know what you're doing (and maybe have a cheat-sheet handy) it isn't much harder to use. You know, transmitting video has proven to be a pretty important tool for fighting world hunger and various kinds of oppression; when it's possible to see the problems other people are experiencing, it's a lot easier to empathize with them. So it might not be a great idea to let one company decide how our video-transmitting technology is going to work and who gets to use which parts of it. To be more concrete, imagine: "The video you have selected ("russians_in_tskhinvili_getting_shelled.wmvx") is not viewable in your region ("Georgia"). Please contact your system vendor for a software upgrade if this region is not correct." "New Adobe Explosion 2012 offers video content providers a usage-tracking feature, which provides accurate statistics on the age and gender breakdown of their viewing audience, enabling video content providers to micro-target advertising content. *Information about users' identities will not be disclosed except pursuant to an order from a court in one of the following jurisdictions: United States, China, India, Saudi Arabia, or Germany.)" "The United States Trade Representative is pleased to announce a new accord with Brazil, addressing both American media companies' concerns related to rampant Brazilian internet piracy and the new Brazilian military government's concerns related to subversive content from overseas. Under the accord, effective starting 2Q 2011, only properly licensed video codec software from Adobe, Microsoft, or Apple will be permitted in Brazil." "We're sorry, but the license for the software that created this audio file ("Grandpa Telling Us About His Mother.flvx") has expired. Please contact the content provider to request that they renew their license in order to access the content." That's really nice. I'd love to see the code, even if there are other "something similar"s in Ruby. Did you actually implement the entire x86 instruction set, or just the parts of it you have used so far? Many businesses have their own photocopiers, fax machines, and PBXs, do their own accounting, maintain their own supplier lists, provide support to their own customers when they have problems, and pay their own employees, even though you can outsource each of these services. Sometimes the problems of outsourcing a business function are greater than the benefits of the enhanced specialization. For several years now, the vast majority of companies that have an internet connection have had some of their internet-connected computers inside their own companies, and others somewhere else, like a colocation center. Even though AWS is pretty awesome, I don't expect that to change anytime soon; the balance will shift back and forth according to things like available technology, legal liability, experienced quality of service, and so on. Just a means to an end, when they started out doing that — hopefully that remains the case. What do you think a non-broken replacement for DNS would be like? I agree that DNS is pretty broken, and it's a really important problem to solve. I was hoping you might have insights on what to do ;) Like pop songs in that study where they divided people into groups and had them rate songs? It seems almost inevitable. That sort of positive feedback can make a system more sensitive, but it can also make it unstable, amplifying noise until it overwhelms small signals. My third connection is that, if your hypothesis is correct (and I'm pretty sure it is) you would tend to expect comment karma to be distributed according to a Zipf distribution. Google Web Accelerator. bonsaitree said water at room temperature. The vapor pressure of water at room temperature is around 25 millibar; nothing "local" about it. Today I discovered that % 100 = 3; parses in Perl. I wish the space between the % and the 100 had the semantic meaning of telling perl that the % is supposed to be an operator, not a hash sigil. What other languages allow spaces in identifiers? Fortran 77 and Algol 68, I think? That race was over four years ago, though. Ruby won. It's nice that the old nag is finally making it to the finish line, but the audience has been gone for a long time. "extend it to monolithic intuitions such as ... policing, armies, ..." I hear they tried that in Somalia. Do you read John Robb? There are lots of small pharmaceutical companies already; they are a major focus of current VC funding, in fact. The majority of "biotech" firms are actually working on pharmaceuticals, not food crops or spider-goats or biological weapons. But for most of the previous thousands of years, the rule "larger is better" apparently didn't apply to companies, just armies and the like. The US didn't experience its dramatic economic growth in the 1800s by assembling a large and disciplined army; instead, it disassembled large and disciplined slave plantations, moving the agricultural center of the country to smaller, more productive farms in the North. (Farm productivity per acre continued to vary inversely with farm size, worldwide, until the 1970s.) I think it was its network of what we would now consider small industrial companies, coupled with its relatively low level of violence (due to geographic isolation), that enabled it to outstrip many of the Great Powers in economic growth. By contrast, during the Edo period, Japan was an extremely large and disciplined organization --- which produced some remarkable art but also made it militarily and economically weak. So I think the picture is much more complex than, "The success of a society was proportionate to its ability to assemble large and disciplined organizations." I suspect Drucker and Coase's insights may help to provide a more nuanced view. Yes. As Adam Smith sort of points out, they also make greater specialization possible. When you get access to a larger market (through dropping trade barriers, improved transportation technology, population growth, or whatever) you can either expand your business or increase its specialization (making it, one hopes, more efficient). What's interesting is that in the 20th Century the big trend was that people expanded their businesses; now, it seems that people are instead specializing more. Presumably some of the reasons for this are to be found in The Nature of the Firm, but while I don't think Coase has the whole story, I think his viewpoint is helpful here. It's not that people are collaborating in smaller groups than before; we're all still collaborating with everyone else in the economy. It's that the nature of that collaboration is changing from intra-company collaboration to inter-company collaboration. Coase focuses on inter-company collaboration through market mechanisms, but another important kind of collaboration is non-market exchange of information. The vast common body of free software and knowledge that we all share access to is a major reason that we can launch an innovative web site today with one or two people working together for a few months. If you wanted to launch Reddit (or HN) in 1990, you would have had to write client software, set up a modem bank, and ship starter kits to our clients with a CD-ROM and a modem inside. The fact that you can just buy access to the internet cheaply instead is collaboration through the market. So is being able to buy a multi-gigahertz machine with gigabytes of RAM for US$500. But in 1990, you would have had to do a lot more. You would have had to drop US$500 on a compiler from Borland or somebody and write your code in C++. (If you preferred Lisp, you could drop US$3000 or so on a MacIvory from Symbolics instead; they weren't dead at the time. Or Lucid Common Lisp on a Sun, maybe; how much did that cost?) Now we can write our software in PLT Scheme or Python instead. If you wanted to do cool AJAXy effects, even assuming that you could transfer the Web software of 2000 back to 1990, you'd still need to implement all the AJAXy stuff yourself, as I did in 2000, instead of just using Prototype or MochiKit or jQuery. A couple of years earlier, you would have had to use Java. And today, you can run the whole thing on Linux. In 1990, you would have had to buy SunOS, or HP-UX, or Ultrix, or some other such horrible abortion, and the minimum price for that hardware was around $5000. And you probably would have had to recompile your kernel. And when you have trouble load-balancing, you can Google to find out how people set up reverse proxies and round-robin DNS and the like, rather than inventing it for the first time and publishing a paper about it. This growth of the information commons means that you can afford to be much more specialized today. You can focus on the unique aspects of your site, rather than figuring out how to run the first or second global information service. > larger commercial operations tended to be more successful than small ones. It's just that the big ones weren't very big by modern standards. It seems that you have a different idea than Coase about what limited the size of companies; he believed that companies stopped getting bigger because as they got bigger, they started becoming less "successful", in the sense of "profitable". What's your alternative explanation? Johnnie Cochrane and celebrity plastic surgeons don't earn 30× as much as other doctors and lawyers because their compensation is set by a guild; if anything, guilds tend to assign scale and frown on those who charge more (and prosecute those who charge less). They earn 30× as much because people are willing to pay 30× as much for their services. You have a good point here, and I hadn't thought of it that way before. Somewhat related, it does seem like a major factor in the importance of people's software accomplishments (measured economically or however) is the importance of the problem they were trying to solve. Build an easy-to-use web site builder for Microsoft Windows in 1994? Sell to AOL, retire to Switzerland at 35, spend your spare time mentoring the young, designing prosthetic limbs, writing new operating systems in Python, or whatever floats your boat. (Incidentally, to me, that seems like getting paid 10× as much as the average COBOL cubicle drone who retires at 65.) Build it for NeXTStep instead? Nobody will remember. Hamming's "You and Your Research" makes this point about scientific accomplishments: working on great problems is a sine qua non of scientific greatness. To tie back to your point, when someone has some vague notions about what they need done, the first thing you have to do to make incredible software for them is to figure out what they would think was "incredible" — that is, figure out which problems to solve, and which to postpone. Because if you get that wrong, all the rest of your work is more or less wasted. As Hamming points out, it's not enough for the solution of a problem to be desirable; it also has to be feasible. That clearly involves some risk. Michael Jordan is part-owner of the Charlotte Bobcats, actually, and I think there are a number of Google and Microsoft employees who are richer than Michael Jordan (who apparently has about US$400M and recently had to pay US$168M in a divorce settlement). It's true that it's because they're part-owners of Google and Microsoft, but that ownership was granted because of work they did, not (for the most part) because of dollars they contributed. So I think the premise of the article is wrong; some programmers do earn as much as sports stars and star musicians. I don't have a good sense for how the numbers shake out in the aggregate. L. Peter Deutsch, who is by anyone's measure one of history's greatest programmers, spent many years working on basically just GhostScript, basically by himself (code contributions he received were not up to his standards). He made a good living at it and has a substantial amount of savings as a result. I don't really have any idea whether that means US$2M or US$2B, though. Maybe he'll donate some of his savings to some charity and we'll get an idea of their scale. So I think GhostScript might demonstrate, or at least approximate, the limit of what one person working by himself can do. ("Greatest": he wrote approximately the second Lisp interpreter when he was 15; with Butler Lampson he wrote the QED editor, on which ed and thus vi are based; he invented JIT compilation; he did a bunch of stuff at PARC in the 1970s that I don't even know about; and he successfully competed with Adobe in the PostScript RIP market for decades.) The work of programmers scales really well, too. There are a number of pieces of software used by more than a billion people: Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Firefox, Google, Apache, PHP, and the operating system they run on: Linux. And that's exactly why the best-paid programmers make a lot more money than the best-paid soccer stars. Can't you write Rails templates with DreamWeaver? Is it a lot harder than assembling dialog boxes in VB? I've basically never used DreamWeaver and I haven't used VB since 1997, so I don't really know. No problem. (I'd reply privately if I could, so as not to clutter up the thread, sorry.) Oh, sure. I thought he was complaining more about the excessive complexity of modern computing environments, though, the way that mainframe people used to do around 1970, and the way minicomputer people used to do around 1980. Maybe he should try programming an 8-bit AVR. Does Scrum require TDD/BDD? I think BDD is going to be limited where your biggest and hardest requirements are things like, "The game should be fun to play". "Without a lot of brand advertising"? How many ads do you think Tom Cruise buys to promote his personal "brand"? I think the relevant thing is the reputation, not the advertising that might or might not create a better reputation. The reputation is why Tom Cruise makes 50 000× as much as the actor in the community-theater play down the street from you. (Assuming they're even getting paid.) When a producer is negotiating a contract with Tom Cruise, I don't think it enters his mind how much unknown actors in community theater make. I think he's thinking about how many people bought tickets to see the last Tom Cruise movie and his estimate of how many of them went because of Tom Cruise. I don't know enough about hairdressers to know whether the same thing applies to them. It does apply to fashion designers, and in some cases it seems to apply to programmers. Joel's article is about scrapping your existing codebase and starting from scratch. The discussion here is about a new version of the Python interpreter which was made from the old one by means of a bunch of incremental changes, and which will require a bunch of incremental changes in old Python code to run the old code. How is Joel's article relevant here? Cooks at Taco Bell and McDonald's in the US make US$5-$10 per hour‚ which is up to a max of maybe US$6000 per year. Emeril Lagasse got paid US$9 million in 2005, apparently. Wolfgang Puck makes quite a bit of money too. According to " rel="nofollow">http://www.chefschoolreview.com/blog/2006/07/do_chef_salarie... , which also has a list of top chef salaries, "The average non-celebrity executive chef can earn between $125,000 and $250,000 but, according to foodservice.com, the average annual salary is closer to $60,000." There are some guys I know here in Buenos Aires who run a restaurant in their house a couple of nights a week, charging US$50 a plate for up to 20 people. Even they are getting 10× or 20× the pay of an average restaurant cook, and they only work a couple of days a week! Bell Labs named three of their operating systems after castrated men, a notoriously bad movie, and Hell itself. Names that make marketers cringe have a long tradition. I don't think hackers hate Tcl because it's "intimidating". They hate it because it's verbose, slow, and lacking in abstraction power. (Last time I used it, associative arrays weren't first-class, i.e. you can't have a list of anonymous associative arrays; is that still the case?) Also, Tcl was originally aimed at the niche that Lua now occupies — lightweight embedded scripting language — but Tcl is 720k of code while Lua is 82k, and isn't verbose, slow, or lacking in power. Finally, the libraries available for Tcl, while they do cover some pretty important stuff, are a tiny fraction of what's available for C, C++, C#, Java, Perl, Python, or even Ruby. The article says it's "more or less as fast as ... Ruby". Well, that's pretty slow! The string-substitution execution model is easy to explain, and it's easy to do higher-order programming with, but it's very error-prone and very difficult to implement efficiently. If you use Tcl in a disciplined way, you won't have too much trouble with this, but it is not nearly the advantage that this article makes it out to be. Tcl does have some nice advantages: it's optimized for use as a UI with an embedded DSL, not for use as a programming language, and its support for event-driven programming and securely running untrusted code are first-rate. Yosef K. (Yossi Kreinin) recently blogged about some of this. Oh, and you say, "# is a command that ignores its arguments". You're wrong about that; try "# [set x 3]" or "# comments do not end at semicolons; puts hello" if you don't believe me. If I understand correctly, that page says that 34% of modafinil takers reported headaches, compared to 23% of non-modafinil takers, 11% reported nausea (vs. 3%), 7% reported nervousness (vs. 3%), and 5% reported insomnia (vs. 1%). What do you think the numbers for caffeine would be? Caffeine withdrawal is a major cause of headaches, and caffeine is a major cause of nervousness, insomnia, tachycardia, hypertension, dizziness, etc. I'm not saying caffeine is some kind of dangerous drug; I'm just saying that "almost zero side effects in comparison" is at least plausible given the Wikipedia page. Compare the behavior of # to the behavior of puts. If you puts [set x 3], not only does it print out 3, it also sets x to 3. If you # [set x 3], it does not set x to 3, because # is not actually a command that ignores its arguments; it is a comment, just like in Python, Perl, or sh. Similarly, if # were a command, a semicolon would terminate it and start a new command, but it doesn't. The comment continues to the end of the line. You seem to think that dicts aren't associative arrays. I think the last version I did any significant amount of work on was Tcl 8.3. But I wasn't any kind of expert on it then. It might be true that Tcl (8.6?) is faster than Ruby now, but the article that started this thread didn't dare to claim that, and these benchmarks of Tcl 8.5b3 don't support that claim: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/gp4/benchmark.php?test=all... Memory latency problems can be worked around with pipelined requests, if you have enough concurrency in the CPU; memory bandwidth problems can be worked around with more independent banks of memory and more memory channels to the CPU, which means more wires. Both can be worked around by putting more memory locally. Absent such workarounds, it's true that there are some problems (large-mesh finite element analysis, maybe) that more cores won't help with, and other problems that exhibit enough locality (large cellular automata) that more cores will help with. This article observes that some problems are in the first category. It would be absurd to claim that no problems are in the second category. Modafinil is effective in small enough doses that you could put it into just about any beverage you like, just like amphetamine, piracetam, and so on, and unlike ethanol. You may enjoy quaffing toxic organic solvents like ethanol, but I don't particularly fancy the idea myself. For those who don't follow the link, the first link places the US, with 95% confidence intervals: - 25th to 28th among the 40 countries on math; - 12th to 23rd among the 40 countries on reading; - 20th to 27th among the 40 countries on science. The second link just divides the countries into above average, average, and below average. The US is "below average" on math, and no reading rank is reported. What if they give you a sheet of paper, you xerox it there, and then store one copy next to your birth certificate and give the other copy to your regular doctor? I have an immunization record that I keep inside my passport (for yellow-fever reasons). I like GUI Emacs because keys like C-/ work, even if they have no ASCII code, and I don't have to wonder if I'm going to get random backslashes if I try to copy and paste into another window. There really isn't that much difference between switching between Emacs and, say, IRC, by using Alt-Tab or ^A ^A. I didn't remember that you can't have a comment inside of a statement, but you're still wrong! It's true that you can't have comments in as many contexts in Tcl as you can in most languages, but it is not true that they are just ordinary statements; ordinary statements evaluate their arguments. "#" comments don't evaluate their "arguments", don't terminate at semicolons, and you can't redefine the meaning of "#" with "proc", so "#" is special and reserved — just in fewer contexts than in other languages that use it as a comment character. Oops! I was speaking from ignorance. Thank you for the correction! How can you get to dislike a programming language without learning it first, at least well enough to have things you don't like about it? If your reasons for not liking it are "riddled with inaccuracies", then maybe what you don't like about it isn't that language but something else that you have mistaken for that language? He couldn't buy one when he wrote that, but it's also sort of beside the point. Software freedom is about other people having the ability to modify the software they depend on, not about me having the ability (if I spend enough money and time) having that ability. I own my house, even though I have no idea how to move walls and put up new drywall (in my case, I did but it didn't work out as well as I'd hoped). You can hire someone else to put up new drywall. If you can't, you don't own the house; you're just renting. Outsourcing your security to a group of people makes you vulnerable to that group of people, and anybody who can lean on them. As you point out yourself, mobile phone carriers have not proven trustworthy in that way. The guy who buys the phone has the right to choose who they want to trust; mobile carriers blackmailing phone manufacturers into giving them backdoors into this most personal of devices is a violation of that right, and it imperils us all. "Competitive advantage" means roughly "doing things your competitors can't". You can't do that with off-the-shelf tools unless your competitors are in Nigeria and can't afford them. I want to add to the chorus of "What experience are you comparing Visual Studio to?" You're sort of damning it with faint praise by touting things like "evolving towards concurrency" and Microsoft's alpha-quality OCaml clone, F#, as a selling point. Obviously .NET wouldn't have a future if it wasn't doing cloud, functional, concurrent, and support online, but it's sort of chasing the taillights of the open-source community there. Maybe I read more into "cannot be beaten" than you intended. Thanks for sharing your experience! svk? Also BitKeeper was built on SCCS, and ClearCase MultiSite was built on ClearCase. I think "if you wave your hands about usability, if you are the only user, and you don't give a rat's ass about performance," is sufficient --- Ur-Scheme took me a few weeks, and the source and target languages were fairly different, and I hadn't done it before. It compiles its subset of Scheme about 100× slower than gas assembles assembly language. If you have actual compiler-writing tools then it doesn't have to take weeks or even days to write a compiler for a simple language --- if you don't care about performance, if the backend language isn't too much of a pain in the ass, if error reporting is not a major concern. Thing is, though, performance doesn't matter any more. Oh, sometimes it does, yes. If you're writing a C compiler for a computer manufacturer, it certainly does. (Tip: port GCC instead.) But all those people who are using Ruby or Python or Perl or PHP? They aren't going to care if your compiler generates code that's 10× slower than it could be, because it's still 10× faster than what they're used to, and you can probably get them not to care that your compiler executes a million instructions per line of code that it compiles.