Quora to the rescue: http://www.quora.com/Twitter-Inc-company/Why-does-Twitter-ne... For real! These guys are masters of the universe. Obviously they couldn't massively overvaluate something. Does giving away half your startup for $1,000 in writing count? 1) I believe your "top 5 highest taxing states" is inaccurate. In 2000, at least, California ranked 19th in combined state + local tax burden according to the U.S. Census Bureau, which is decidedly middle of the pack. Pretending like we're the most highly taxed state in the country is deceptive and gives the impression that good governance (well, bad in our case) comes for free. Note that though the ranking of 19th does factor in our larger economy, it doesn't account for the reality that more highly advanced economies require a better trained and more specialized bureaucracy. So just as we shouldn't be surprised when Sweden has a better compensated civil service than Namibia, all things being equal we should expect for California government to account for a larger portion of the economy than Mississippi's or Oklahoma's, instead of being in the middle of the pack. 2) The Economist is left-leaning? Heh. 3) Most technocrats, be they left or right, absolutely hate the 40% rule as well. As a Democrat, I'd gladly trade a repeal of Prop 98 for a repeal of Prop 13. Hell, I'd repeal Prop 98 just on its own. Government by ballot box is terrible. Imagine a world where California were 4 or 5 separate states. Mendocino to Santa Cruz, including the Bay Area, as one; LA and Ventura as another; San Diego and the Inland Empire as a third; Central Valley, Shasta, etc. as the 4th. Probably would improve governance, as the Republican Party we deal with in the Bay Area would offer people like Tom Campbell instead of Prop 8 NOMers. In state level taxation. State and local taxation and spending, however, are highly coupled, and looking at state level taxation in isolation can be misleading. Especially in the case of California, where local property tax rates were made artificially low, and as a result state income tax and sales tax artificially high. As far as sociology or expose goes, the article is uninteresting. What, a giant corporation uses every legal means at its disposal to make sure it gets only good PR? What, there exist serious race and class disparities in the United States that manifest themselves in the workplace? What, Google has a good PR department that doesn't reflect actual internal practices? Quelle horreur! What's more interesting from a sociological perspective is the range of most of the reactions here on Hacker News, which seem to vary between "he doesn't understand that this is just how things work" to brick shitting freak out ("passive aggressive", "nitwit", "see a psychologist"). If you find yourself immediately jumping into defense mechanisms, stop for a second and think about why that is. I've found that turning off Firebug significantly improves Firefox's performance. Have others had this experience? Well, there are a couple different possibilities here. One would be for him to buy things for himself--this would shift consumption to luxury goods. Another would be to give them to his workers, which shifts consumption to everyday essentials (and, increasingly, middle class goods). What he's done is shift money toward capital investment, which shifts consumption C from the present to (1+x)C consumption sometime in the future. I'm not sure that's a bad thing--it's all about the time discount rate you're using in evaluating the value of economic decisions. Whose consumption is also relevant here, but a century from now the benefits of his forsaking consumption will be fairly diffused. Is this true, though? The unstated assumption appears to be that doing any single thing can be highly parallelized and the window of opportunity is infinite. But reality is rarely that kind. (1) Some things take 40 years of consistent mid-level effort. Even if you could quadruple your effort on it, it wouldn't get you there in 10 years. Building a family, for instance. (2) The chronological window. We live in a unique time in history (as have people in every other time). It's an incredible time to be a web developer, for instance. Ten years from now I doubt there will be as many opportunities. In the 1950's, you had amazing opportunities at being a worker in heavy industry; in the 1960's you could play a valorized role in the space race. Nowadays neither is an option. (3) Age window. Different ages lend themselves to different things. Sure, people in their sixties can run a marathon, but it's a hell of a lot easier to do it in your twenties. And unfortunately many of the things we might want to do are early on in life--people's career paths are fairly set by 30, and we've passed our physical peaks by 30. These aren't hard and fast rules, but they're both very real tendencies that you've got to account for in managing your life plans. (4) Some things actively conflict in more than just competing for your time and dedication. It's impossible to have an undergraduate experience that is both set in a large Southern state university centered around sports and a small private liberal arts college in New England. Multitasking to the point of constant stress can lead only to disaster, of course. The solution isn't to pretend that you'll eventually get to do everything you want but instead to choose carefully what you want most and then do it well. This is a good opportunity to show off the (fake) Haskell quicksort: qsort :: (Ord a Bool) => [a] -> [a] qsort [] = [] qsort (x:xs) = qsort (filter ( x) xs) Not 61 characters, but it has the added benefit of being comprehensible! I'm curious (genuine question): we know that if we dropped the Earth into the Sun, the climate would change substantially. And yet this is a prediction about gross properties of a chaotic system that no one would dispute. How does your point of view account for this prediction from physics versus predictions of greater CO2 concentrations causing an increased greenhouse effect, which also derives from physics? Is it simply the margins of error for different parameters? "World temperatures could rise by between 1.1 and 6.4 °C (2.0 and 11.5 °F) during the 21st century" IPCC So, "one degree per century" is accurate if (a) you clarify you mean Celsius, not Farenheit and (b) you're saying the minimum increase, while also noting the maximum increase could be six times as high. The Maunder minimum argument has been around awhile. A useful counterbalance from NASA 2008: http://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/2008/ -------------------------- "Solar irradiance: The solar output remains low (Fig. 4), at the lowest level in the period since satellite measurements began in the late 1970s, and the time since the prior solar minimum is already 12 years, two years longer than the prior two cycles. This has led some people to speculate that we may be entering a "Maunder Minimum" situation, a period of reduced irradiance that could last for decades. Most solar physicists expect the irradiance to begin to pick up in the next several months — there are indications, from the polarity of the few recent sunspots, that the new cycle is beginning. However, let's assume that the solar irradiance does not recover. In that case, the negative forcing, relative to the mean solar irradiance is equivalent to seven years of CO2 increase at current growth rates. So do not look for a new "Little Ice Age" in any case. Assuming that the solar irradiance begins to recover this year, as expected, there is still some effect on the likelihood of a near-term global temperature record due to the unusually prolonged solar minimum. Because of the large thermal inertia of the ocean, the surface temperature response to the 10-12 year solar cycle lags the irradiance variation by 1-2 years. Thus, relative to the mean, i.e, the hypothetical case in which the sun had a constant average irradiance, actual solar irradiance will continue to provide a negative anomaly for the next 2-3 years." -------------------------- That said, if a Maunder minimum does somehow manage to give us a couple extra decades to get our house in order (before the subsequent recovery of solar activity), that's a godsend. Let's hope it pans out. True. But if lucky happenstance lets us be where we are now in 2060 instead of current predictions, that's still a net win--we'll be a significantly richer world then with more resources and technology to adapt to climate change. On the other side of things, the ability of CO2 to contribute to the greenhouse effect may well be saturated by then, just counteracted by the solar cycle. Which would leave us in the place where we're at the mercy of sunspots (which have no control over) and our ability to actively remove CO2 from the atmosphere (which we may or may not have control over). Not so good. Let's say we could kick it down the road 50 years--I don't believe a mini-Ice Age is coming either, and even if it is NASA for one expects it to counteract only around seven years of carbon emissions. So this is all a bunch of pointless hypotheticals. But bear with me. 50 years from now, assuming around 2% annual global growth (a conservative guess), the world will be over two and a half times richer than it is now. We'll have had 50 years of technological advancement. Given that right now the biggest roadblocks to dealing with climate change are (a) the very real costs of mitigation and (b) the lack of technological ability to cost effectively generate carbon-free energy and remove CO2 from the atmosphere, there's a decent case on the face of it that we'd be more able to deal with it, notwithstanding the couple hundred extra ppm of CO2 we'd have to worry about. Part of my motivation is also that I'm increasingly pessimistic about us getting our shit in order in the present day. The current radically corporatist administration in the USA gives only lip service to the problem, and the opposition... well, the less said about the opposition, the better. So if the hand we're dealt is that we have to deal with climate change in the present, we're pretty much fucked. Kicking it down the road would at least offer some hope. Thanks for the thoughtful writeup. But I don't get specifically how this doesn't prove too much--even though climate is a complex system, we know (right?) that throwing it into the center of the sun would increase mean global temperatures. But if I said that chaos and information theoretic arguments prevent us from making any predictions, I'd rightly be laughed off the stage. What is the differentiating factor that makes those arguments apply to models looking at CO2 concentrations as exogenous forcers but not being-in-the-center-of-the-sun? I've been hearing this a lot. Is there any evidence at all, though, that it's a false flag operation? So far as I can tell, the argument is implicitly "It's impossible for anyone in the world to be anywhere near as stupid as LulzSec appears to be, so it has to be a government plant." Unfortunately, that runs afoul of the maxim to never underestimate the depths of human stupidity... Or is this more said in jest, a way of just pointing out that the script kiddies behind LulzSec are really, really stupid and doing something that threatens to undermine a free and open Internet? I don't doubt that most .NET/PHP programmers don't give a crap about security. Is this any different from RoR or Django, though? By the same token, any problem that can be solved in javascript can also be solved in CSS3+HTML or brainfuck. ...time to get to work on that framework... No, no, a thousand times no. It's not "reproducing a work at a lower quality." That would imply that the artist was trying to copy the original but could only get those dang pixels because all he had was a 1980s era computer and couldn't do any better. That's clearly not the case. It's a different work of art inspired by the original, meant to evoke it but clearly apart in purpose, aim, and audience. It's like saying that "Pride, Prejudice, and Zombies" was a poor attempt at copying "Pride and Prejudice." Whoah, check out the distribution of the leading digit in binary! Shortages are a sign of a flawed market. What needs to be done is something similar to the radio spectrum; require a regular bidding process on a given domain (or, more likely, the set of domains that are in-demand). Squatting becomes a less desirable business when you've got to pay $100/year for an in-demand domain. Depends on what you mean. A healthy 40 year old has more stamina and well-being than an obese 30 year old. So at least in one way, you actually are extending your 20s, and your 30s, and your 40s, and your... I'm playing around with the trial. Some thoughts: 1) Extremely slick interface. Facebook beat MySpace in part because it was relatively clean; Google+ wins here by a mile. That reason alone makes me root for it. 2) It's Google's umpteenth foray into the social arena, so naturally most people are comparing it to Facebook. But its use cases strike me as being more comparable to Twitter than FB. 3) People can be categorized into contexts and multiple contexts. This is the killer feature. I find myself wanting to just eliminate the "Friends" circle wholesale and just have a different circle for each cluster in my social network. 4) I might be misunderstanding how sharing/the feed works. But, if someone is in any circle and you are viewing that circle's stream, I think you see whatever they share. I'd like something finer-grained than that. I have one friend who I both bike with and play board games with. If we get into a conversation about a ride on a weekend, doesn't the model inherently mean what I see in the board game stream gets polluted with the bike conversation? Own site. Vaguely similar to Facebook, but less "formish" and more interactive. Black bar at top. "She has no grasp on the effect..." "...the guy who put it forth has no clue about how the internet works..." "...has literally no clue how this works and doesn't care a whit about the effect it will have..." Really? Is e-commerce so weak that it can't compete on a level playing field with physical retail? Even if you think it is that weak, is it really so outlandish for people to think it can that it's worth a page of venom-filled invective? Yeah, Amazon's cutting off its nose to spite its face here, but doesn't that mean you should be mad at Amazon, not the state government? And yet somehow companies like WalMart and Target manage this terrific feat. It'd be better if there were a unified system of national sales tax. But for a company Amazon's size, it's a laughable idea that it's somehow impossible to do this magnificent feat of implementing a lookup table.* The hard part is keeping things up to date, but a good faith effort to do the previous would get Amazon pretty far. *I worked for a company that is a thousandth Amazon's size in revenues, but it managed to do it for the whole state of California. It genuinely can get complicated--zip codes can cross county lines, for instance--but again, far from impossible, and when this becomes widespread third party solutions will pop up a lot more. This ignores the critique that the "better experience and price" online retail offers comes about because Amazon doesn't have to pay sales tax. This makes everything Amazon sells 10% cheaper in California, which means that even a totally equivalent experience offered by WalMart would be seriously disadvantaged. That said, this is a very sub-optimal solution--it's lose-lose-lose. It comes down to the fact, though, that one of Amazon's key competitive advantages is being able to avoid sales tax, and no solution which is (a) genuinely achievable and (b) levels the playing field will be supported by Amazon. In substance, that's a bad analogy. If you order something from WalMart.com, you have to pay sales tax for your jurisdiction, even though it's not a physical cashier in your jurisdiction ringing it up. It ends up giving Amazon an unfair advantage, just by virtue of the mere fact that it doesn't have physical retail locations in the states it sells stuff to. Naturally, lots of people are pissed off at this turn of events. For good reason, too--everyone's losing here, including the State, Amazon, consumers, and various developers and start ups. Even the shadowy backers of the legislation (WalMart, Target, etc.) don't win an even playing field, because Amazon still isn't going to pay sales tax. Since many people's livelihoods are very threatened by this frack-up, it's not too surprising that there'll be some itchy fingers. Perhaps. But we obviously do care about it, for whatever reason. If you're looking for media that cater to people in the mainstream, there's always USA Today and Reader's Digest. The first paragraph gives it all away: "The clock is slowly ticking toward Aug. 2, the date on which the U.S. faces "fiscal Armageddon" — according to the Obama administration — unless Congress agrees to raise the debt ceiling. But would we?" Yes, it's an Armageddon according to the Obama administration. But also Speaker Bohner. And Senator McConnell. And Moody's. And the CBO. Etc. It's also terribly inaccurate, even from a Cato perspective. A 44% cut in federal spending really isn't accurately described as something that will "almost certainly hurt." Pretending to believe that that's doable in any sensible way doesn't lend much credence to the writer. Even if it were possible to do things as he suggests, it wouldn't solve the central problem. The United States has _legal obligations_ to pay Social Security benefits, make sure our retired soldiers receive their pensions, and other civil servants get the healthcare benefits they're entitled to as part of their agreed upon compensation package. These aren't things you can go "oopsies, I don't feel like paying it, maybe next month." And even if you were to do this with extremely questionable legality, it wouldn't help the central issue, which is faith in the credit of the United States. If I pay off my credit card bill but have to renege on my mortgage and car payments to do so, my credit is still going to be shot. Lastly: this is about two weeks late in Republican messaging. It's now Obama who's pushing for larger long-term deficit reduction and spending cuts than Republicans (on the order of 4 trillion instead of 2 trillion over the next decade). This is, it should be said, not merely twice as big as the Republican package but also twice as stupid and boneheaded. Regardless, that's how things stand--Republicans are likely to refuse Obama's 4 trillion in favor of their 2 trillion, which is only half as stupid so on net good for the country. Good for them, but unfortunately it undermines the Cato dude's argument about it being about the deficit. Whenever you see numbers like this, always ask two questions. Is it adjusted for inflation, and is it adjusted for economic growth? If you're feeling really wonky, you'd also adjust for sector-specific inflation. For instance, disproportionate increase in the cost of health care. Which I hear the government spends a couple dollars here and there on... They need reform on the scale of decades, though, not years and definitely not months. Large super-majorities of the public oppose cuts to SS and Medicare. This, by the way, includes self-identified conservatives and Republicans. In large part this is the public being ignorant and wanting something for nothing--if the public had their way, we'd balance the budget and double Medicare and SS benefits by cutting foreign aid payments. That said, for something as important and widely supported as these two programs, we should be discussing solutions to their long-term funding issues as a standalone debate. Cutting them after a month of backroom negotiations while using the credit worthiness of the USA as a hostage strikes me as very inappropriate and not politically sustainable. Edited to add: the reason these cuts are stupid is because many of them would come into effect immediately, which would be disastrous for our already weak economy. The size of the cuts are appropriate if projected into the future and not the immediate present. There's a lot to agree with here and a lot to disagree with. But I think of it as a separate debate. The fact remains that those obligations do exist. Even if conceded that it was stupid for us to enter into these agreements, they're still legal and still have legal force. If your company agrees to pay another company for some service or product but then refuses to do so at the end of the month, that's both illegal and immoral. Same deal here. I've had some good results by messing with the query string. But only for particular values--last I tried, 5 was often a good number. Dunno if it'd catch people in Berkeley, though. It's understandable on its own. That said, all the volumes are pretty wonderful. Braudel is my favorite historian--materialism without nutty Marxism. I'm torn about this. India is a much more pluralistic society, and Pakistan is a failed state. But one of the points made early on in the article makes it seem as if the Partition was entirely Pakistan's idea, and the hundreds of thousands (millions?) of people who died were all innocent Hindus being slaughtered at the hands of murderous Muslims. "But violence erupted, and it quickly became clear that in the new homeland for India's Muslims, there would be no place for its non-Muslim communities. Pakistan and India came into being at the cost of a million lives and the largest migration in history." Which is far from the reality; it was a clusterfuck all around, and communal violence was the rule of the day on both sides of the partition line. It wasn't just Muslims in the 30s who called for two separate states. Many Hindus did too. It's true, the most prominent Hindu in the struggle (Gandhi) wanted a single state and tried to (in theory, at least) accommodate the large Muslim minority. For those efforts he was assassinated by a religious extremist. Of course, you hear religious extremist and you might assume it was some Muslim who thought Gandhi was too effective a voice for unity. To the contrary, it was a Hindu nationalist who thought Gandhi was a sellout to the Muslims. This strain of Hindu nationalism that endorses the use of violence has appeared again and again. As recently as 2002 a riot occurred in which a Hindu mob murdered around a thousand Muslims. All this isn't to say the Muslims on the subcontinent are all paragons of virtue and liberalism. They aren't. But the story the author tells is just a pleasant story, meant to appeal to the baser instincts of Wall Street Journal readers. Maybe more than that, it's a story meant to appeal to India's own self conception, where it's as pure as snow and it's those dastardly Pakistanis who've made everything terrible. If you think you can patent utterly absurd things... well, you understand patents pretty well. Well, the best you can say about Larry Summers' tactlessness is that it's equal opportunity. And, is that the Winklesvosses in that photo? This is the bigot in me coming out, but that picture alone is enough to make me root for the Zuck, a difficult task indeed. Even rich assholes deserve their day in court, though. If they were defrauded or had their IP stolen, then you've got to follow the rule of law, regardless of where it might lead you or who it might offend. Also: there's no actual evidence of asshole-ness besides their costume and cultural affects (rowing?). While even in the best plausible telling of the Facebook story, Mark clearly pays the part of massive asshole. We usually hate the visibly "asshole" type because they got to where they are through privilege, connections, and looks. All of which the Winklevosses have in spades. But they have apparently started multiple businesses and produced things of actual value; they're putting their privilege to good use instead of jumping into consultancy or investment banking. So it's a bit of a presumption to call them "rich assholes." They are definitely rich, and may be assholes, but we've got no evidence of the latter. It's not like Facebook made a bunch of money and then they jumped on it for a shakedown; from the moment it started, they've been upset for a perceived breach of legality (questionable) and a definite breach of ethics. Haven't followed it closely, but stock shenanigans on Facebook's part is apparently what they're upset at. My very vague impression is that it's like if someone gave you an envelope full of hundred dollar bills in exchange for something, but in actuality they were all twenties. Dunno if there's anything genuinely to that, but that's the argument. Work is different from producing value. Of course, it's easy to say that "well the fact that they get paid well is indicative of value-produced!" This is only true, however, within a particular cultural paradigm that we've constructed and is by no means universal or timeless. And, no, simply working long hours does not mean that investment banking or consulting are somehow not lucky. The fact that as a revealed preference privileged people often choose to work in those fields over others points to it being a pretty good play for them. People aren't allowed to do whatever they want. Unless the person is a corporation. In which case it becomes a cost-benefit analysis. Not a particularly useful exercise. Imagine 100 years from now we've maintained the same debt level. This graph will show just as much information (big numbers are big!) as it does now, but the analytical value of it (if it exists now) will obviously be totally dissipated, as we'll be an order of magnitude richer. A better comparison would be to take a single person, and put the per capita amount of debt in $100 bills next to them. If you want to get really histrionic, do it with a baby. Still, it won't come up past the ankles (around $15,000). This isn't a small amount, but at the same time it's not the end of the world. My college loans come out to that amount, and I barely notice paying them monthly. It's equivalent to having a mortgage-sized to around five times your annual income. An annual income that typically grows 2.5% a year and comes with a machine that prints out money whenever you need it. Edit: typo in Google search, it's more like $50k than $15k. So a bit worse than that analysis would suggest. Yeah, left off the tens (of trillions) digit when I calculated it. "Even the Soviet Union" is a bit misleading, though I understand where you're coming from. The USSR banned lobotomies in 1950, while in the USA it was banned... never (though some states individually did). In fact the USSR was the first major country to ban lobotomies. Lobotomies legally happen even today in the USA, though there's no longer the epidemic of wanton misuse. I just say this because it's easy to get into the rut where anything the Soviet Union did was bad and everything the USA did was good. There's no reason per se to expect Soviet doctors to be particularly evil compared to American ones. Which isn't to justify the many many evil things the Soviet state did perpetrate. "When confronted by observations that cast doubt on the validity of their theories, astrophysicists have circled their wagons and conjured up pseudo-scientific invisible entities such as neutron stars, weakly interacting massive particles, strange energy, and black holes. When confronted by solid evidence such as Halton Arp's photographs that contradict the Big Bang Theory, their response is to refuse him access to any major telescope in the U.S." Uh huh. No, it makes perfect sense. She's black, and she faced an all-white jury. This is in suburban Atlanta. This is where "jury of your peers" can be pretty useful. Apparently none of the jurors had ever ridden in a bus before. I really also want to put the city planner up for trial, because the reason she jay walked was that the nearest legal crosswalk was half a mile away from the bus stop. In suburban Atlanta, however, I've never seen any evidence that city planners even exist.