Well, at the risk of providing a not very detailed answer: it's better, in my subjective opinion. Better at code introspection, better at refactorings, better at debugging. Also, I prefer the UI. Of course, you're the final arbiter of these things for yourself, so give it a short. > Allowing unrestricted Internet access. On the contrary - filtering my internet indicates that you don't consider me capable of self-regulation... I prefer being treated like a responsible adult - responsible for my great code or my slacking off, whichever I choose. I greatly value this level of respect from employers. > I realize Linux in 2013 is not so dangerous, but take a gander at recent java security bulletins when you get a chance anyway. Off the top of my head, all of the recent serious vulnerabilities were applet related. The JRE doesn't require a Java plugin for your browser, no plugin, no applets. > That can get occasionally annoying, if you drop in a a bunch of 1mb text files in your repository and it insists of examining them. You can right click the directory and mark it as excluded from the project. We have an integration test suite that likes to emit gigabytes of XML into its local directory - which IDEA happily tries to index. Excluding it saves me a lot of CPU time. > It should take a lot more than an compromised web server to gain long-term access to data feeds from LexisNexus and D&B. Especially as Dun & Bradstreet operate as a credit bureau (in my country at least). And there's also gitosis, which IIRC is considered superceded by gitolite, but it's still working well for us. > the subtle differences between fetch and pull While I agree with some of your criticisms, as the resident 'Git guy', I've found no difficulty in explaining to people that pull is a convenience alias for 'fetch followed by merge'. Git's learning curve is far worse than Python's, simply due to the limitations of its abstractions - e.g., a branch isn't really a first class entity in Git, yet most people using the centralized server model for Git will tend to think about their daily Git work in terms of branches. The problem only manifests when you're trying to do things like "show me only commits from branch ". Or, "show me when branch was created from master." Yep, that's true. I think I've nearly taught our testers the difference. :D > How I'm going to suddenly become more employable than someone with years of experience. Haven't quite figured this one out. Well, you'll be asking for lower salaries than them for a few years, so that'll help. :D > that 99 out of 100 times you are told - explicitly or by work schedule "do not do it in an interesting, performant or elegant way, just get it working somehow and move on" Sure, we're in businesses (well, most of us), and there's little room for gilding the lilly or perfectionists who can't deliver. That said, I've always found that elegant code is easier to maintain, thus reducing technical debt. If your employer doesn't want to reduce technical debt, you're either working for a start-up that's in a mad rush to 1.0, or you're working for someone who doesn't understand or care about the interest you pay on technical debt, and it may be time to move on. > I don't think I ever caught myself writing code for my employer and thinking "hey, I really enjoy this" Poor guy. I write stuff I enjoy for my employer all the time. Our fridge has free beer and cola, so best of both worlds. Teach me your one crazy discovery that makes doctors hate you. I'll also say Java - Scala's possible, but slow and fiddly (last time I tried it, you had to tree-shake the app using Proguard because the Scala stdlib has a real hard time fitting into Dalvik's hardcoded limitations of 65K ish symbols). Kotlin is a doddle to get working, but it's alpha as hell, so only use for experiments. Yep, our Maven project routinely fails to build on Windows as there are some paths which are just too long. > However knowledge of pointers, lists and b-trees have been very helpful multiple times throughout my career. Indeed. And such glorious moments they are when choosing the right data structure drastically improves performance. However, if I were interviewing for a Rails developer position, the last thing I'd anticipate having to bone up on is algorithms and data-structures. I'd be expecting to be asked about... well, doing stuff in Ruby on Rails. Thank God you know how to implement a linked list though, shopping carts are filled with linked lists. > Java is a piece of crap when it comes to anything that's actually complex. Define complex? Anecdotal, but I noticed a distinct drop-off in my local user groups, Java and .NET, when Stackoverflow started getting popular. > Yes, globalization has serious downsides – but only because it happens with nations still existing So... A) What do you propose in lieu of nations B) How does your proposal in (A) fix the issue of disparate living costs across the globe? It costs less to hire an Indian developer than it does to hire an Australian developer than it does to hire a German developer. When we abolish nations, how will this be resolved? > Jagged, unfiled nails are viewed by women (accurately) as a major sign of sexual inexperience/ineptitude... Holy sweeping generalisation Batman. However, as I'm not even one woman, let alone all women, I won't speak on their behalf. > Jobs can easily head towards the cheapest, least regulated economy, but workers are prevented both legally and economically from moving towards the places with the best working conditions. Ah, the ideal of perfect labour mobility. Even if we did remove the legal and economic restrictions, we still can't achieve perfect labour mobility without breaking down a person's social ties to family, friends and community. Although some neoliberals have put a lot of effort into doing so. > And when workers in these countries do manage to achieve a modest increase in working conditions and therefore wages, the employers can simply pack up shop and head to the next cheap market. It's true, just as "Made in Japan" and "Made in Taiwan" were once considered how "Made in China" is today. And now we see the rising wages in China triggering manufacturers moving to Indonesia and the Philippines. In this regard at least, the globalisation of manufacturing is a force for good. I presume that they'll run out of countries to move to eventually. I was wondering if he was a New Zealander, in Canterbury we have a very characterful foehn wind we call the nor'wester. Its associated arch of cloud is called the nor'west arch. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nor'west_arch We're not exactly imaginative with names around here. The more pernicious senior engineer is one who can code their way out of a box in an interview, but cannot deliver working code in a production environment due to various reasons - perfectionism seems to be a common thread to not delivering in my (limited) experience. Do you have any pointers on weeding these candidates out? Our country's employment laws make it hard to fire net negative producing programmers. "Best programmers" and "people who contribute effectively to a team's culture" can sometimes be exclusive sets. One of the most intelligent and creative programmers I know is an arrogant douchebag who demoralises entire teams. He's very effective on his own, but stick him in a scrum team, and watch the culture of that team sour and watch its productivity drop. And if your team culture is "let's be interesting creative people with zany hairstyles and really unusual hobbies" (not my team, but I sit beside them), then someone who is passionate mainly about checked exceptions is probably going to be a bad fit. I used the arrogant douchebag as an example of why a great programmer who doesn't fit a team's culture is going to drag down the productivity of that team - how they don't fit that culture can obviously vary. > If Indonesia uses thermal power then using the electricity generated from it has little negative environmental impact. Thermal as in burning fossil fuels, not geothermal. Fair enough, each team's dynamics are different. > whales fly into the air unnoticed Is this the origin of the Twitter fail-whale? PHPStorm is more focused and coherent and includes some features that IDEA + PHP plugin doesn't, IMO. If I were a full-time PHP developer, I'd use PHPStorm, but for my occasional PHP needs, IDEA + PHP plugin is ideal. PyCharm is much the same - for full-time Python development, I'd prefer it to IDEA + plugin. Just to reiterate myself - IMO, PHPStorm, PyCharm etc. are slightly more featureful and more coherent for their respective languages than IDEA + plugin. Did you file a bug for it? Precisely. When I was trying to get into the developer game (I'm self-taught with no degree so couldn't follow the normal progression) the biggest market in my hometown was (and still is) for .NET developers. So, I joined a .NET user group, I installed VS, I started learning. Problem was, MS was churning out the "next great thing" faster than I could learn the last great thing. While I was getting my head around WinForms, WPF came out. I started using WPF, then Silverlight arrived, which was like WPF, just a subset of it, and therefore different enough to be problematic. But that wasn't too bad. It was the 'blessed' data layer stuff that threw me. When I started it was DataSets etc. Then it was LINQ-to-SQL, then it was very much not LINQ-to-SQL, but instead was Entity Framework. As a newbie who was trying to make myself marketable, it felt like a bit of a hamster wheel, but then through the user group, I met .NET pros who felt exactly the same way. And at the end of the day, the greatest irony was that when I finally broke into the market, it was a Java-based developer role on the basis of my JavaScript. So all my years of frantically spinning the .NET wheel was for naught. I still do love F# though. In hindsight, the thing that strikes me about .NET development is that most businesses using it really want the whole stack to be from one provider whom they trust - and as a result, third party alternatives never really get a look-in if an MS or MS blessed technology such as JSON.net ( http://james.newtonking.com/json ) can do the same job. That is a massive sweeping generalisation of course, and only applicable to the limits of my experience in a small city in a small country. > Are you certain that the general programming knowledge you acquired through "spinning the wheel" wasn't a factor? I never stopped (and never do stop) learning as much as I could, and I apologise if I gave the impression I was only learning .NET stuff. I was primarily coding in Python, but got into JS to write stealth code to automate a horrendously manual part of my day job in a government contact centre. To clarify for you on the hire, I was hired for the JS, but expected to learn Java pretty quickly. > Adaptability is an important skill for developers. For sure. > Meanwhile I learned how to use an OSS lamp stack and have been happily using it for the last 10 years. Very stable and reliable, I could not be happier. I find that Java's biggest problem (stability/stagnation depending on who you ask) is also the JVM development ecosystem's benefit. There's not one body driving adoption of technologies by deciding what's supported and what's not, so technology choice is less dictated by economic imperatives. Probably unicode support reasons, they're obviously going for a slashed zero to look old school and/or avoid being called OhMQ but... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slashed_zero#Representation_in_... Way to dump your own depressive tendencies on a 15 year old. Jesus. Ignorance? Oh my. Unfortunately, I satisfy your criteria required for understanding suicide, so I vehemently disagree with your assertion that "Suicide is a very rational reaction to life." Especially when we're discussing teenagers, who haven't even lived one fifth of their expected lifespan. Did you miss the last line? > While it may seem obvious that something is wrong, these issues went unnoticed by a veteran photographer, the Associate Press, and every news outlet that ran the photo. If they are not noticing details like this, then what other forms of media hacking are they not noticing? He concludes 1) It's fake 2) He's smarter than everyone else. It went far beyond "offers some possibilities" way into "making wild assumptions on the basis of a single photo" territory. Oh wow, same guy? That's a pretty conclusive debunking of his claims... If you only check replies to your comments, it is. > What's really sick is the personality cult around this creep Yeah, I just had a look at his Twitter, there's a lot of girls sending him naked pictures and telling him how much they love him, and a bunch of sycophants avidly defending him (in a highly misogynistic manner, natürlich). > No, actually, fuck YOU. Why so angry mate? Cheers for a great synopsis that I intend to inflict upon my coworkers at the first available opportunity. :D > 2) lots of homeless people > 3) urine smell every where As a recent visitor to your city, the large number of people sleeping rough was a shock. I am from a small social-liberal democracy though, so we typically have less homelessness in general, but yeah, it was confronting. Down by the ferry terminal (on the Embarcadero I think?) there was two homeless people sleeping under a tarpaulin at the base of a flagpole proudly bearing the American flag. The juxtaposition was so ironic that I wonder if they were part-time performance artists when they weren't sleeping outdoors. How do Americans reconcile the homeless to their place as the wealthiest nation? > Limousine NIMBY Leftism Are you able to elaborate on this one? Cheers mate, that explains it. I was struggling to reconcile the Bay Area's famed leftie tendencies with the realities of inequality on the ground. > Using null instead of None means you are more at risk of hitting a NPE. I think he's aware of that - he said he's using Scala as a better Java, what would Java be without the odd NPE?