Wow, the Algol-68 spec really is impenetrable. But... Paper checks don't actually move money around, computers changing numbers in electronic ledgers do. A paper check is just a device to trigger that process. I'm not sure this story makes any sense to me. Feynman reportedly tested at 125 on an IQ test in high school. Which just indicates how completely useless that test was. Yes. If you listen to what everyone is telling you without evaluating it for yourself, you are indeed a fool. Why not? The idea of 30 million piano-playing Chinese isn't important because we need piano players. It's important because the fact that someone can take piano lessons implies a certain level of economic status beyond day-to-day survival. It implies a growing middle and upper class. Those implications lead to the conclusion of much larger markets, which leads to the idea of more wealth creation resulting from people filling those markets. Tsunamis? Climate change is responsible for earthquakes now? Yeah, I loved that one. Does provide some perspective. On the other hand, I kept thinking how thrilled he must be that his game is going to be a huge movie, since he really wanted to be a filmmaker all along. I wonder if you'd get the same effect with powerful used cars that cost much less. I tend to think you would. Read a program that's at least a few hundred lines long in Haskell. Now read it in Lisp. Readability counts! There's an interesting page linked there, wikipedia's internal Newbie Treatment Study. Good to see they're at least considering they might have a problem. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Newbie_treatment_at_C... What's the benefit to me as the user though? It's neat, but does it have any actual effect on anything? This is interesting too- "I really wish I could be more positive about the Kyrgyzstan material, but I swear I pulled every trick out of my sleeve trying to milk something out of that. It was pretty funny though - I told Malcolm what you said about my possibly being too Graybill-like in evaluating the response functions - he laughed and said that's what he thought at first also. The data's tempting but there's too much variation even within stands. I don't think it'd be productive to try and juggle the chronology statistics any more than I already have - they just are what they are (that does sound Graybillian). I think I'll have to look for an option where I can let this little story go as it is. Not having seen the sites I can only speculate, but I'd be optimistic if someone could get back there and spend more time collecting samples, particularly at the upper elevations. Yeah, I doubt I'll be over your way anytime soon. Too bad, I'd like to get together with you and Ed for a beer or two. Probably someday though. Cheers, Gary Gary Funkhouser Lab. of Tree-Ring Research The University of Arizona" http://www.eastangliaemails.com/emails.php?eid=12&filena... There really does need to be a full and detailed explanation of all this, immediately. It's in response to the climatologist trying to get him to publish anyway. He was being pressured to make his data fit. Great, so now all we need is to run this in the released data and verify if the graph was produced with the code commented in or out. If there was released data, that is. The point being we only know how the code looks in that file, we don't know when the commented out sections were commented out. So nothing is proven here either way. I await the explanation of this little detail. At what other periods to tree rings not correctly correlate to temperature? How do we know the last 50 years is the only time this has happened? Since we do not know why the temperature has not correctly correlated over the last 50s years, we can't really know when else that has been the case, can we? So why do we rely on tree rings for any period? They are proven to be unreliable over a signifcant period, and we don't know if or how often that's also true of the past. That's the main issue. The user base for it will be relatively small for several years. Hopefully many of the people on IE 6 will leapfrog to a HTML 5 browser in the next few years, that would solve a lot of issues. I like the way it shows that the core site is but a part of the overall strategy. An important part, but just a part. It's also a good reference to use to answer the question "What does the non-tech founder do?" Well, see all those other boxes? Figure out how they apply best to you. My favorite hiring process I've been a part of was with a AI startup. The initial phase was a list of maybe a dozen questions in an email. Fairly open-ended questions about how I perceived aspects of intelligence, ontology, and general philosophical concepts. Then a day at the company talking with the founder and the team, walking through their concept, long two way discussions about it, and a discussion about the direction of AI in general. Didn't get into a lot of coding details, it was assumed if I could participate in the conversation at a sufficient level that I'd be able to work the rest of it out. Which was true. Great process, completely appropriate for that situation. Can you direct me to papers correlating tree ring data to temperature data outside of the 100 year range from the mid 19th to the mid 20th cenutry? You indicate it's obvious, but I'd like to see the actual papers. What do you imagine you would want to be? I'm just waiting for that inevitable 3 AM post in which Arrington reveals all. It's always those very late night posts that are the most interesting. Most of the people I know in their 30s and 40s married with kids are completely desperate for more social opportunities. This is the sort of thing where you can see that Marge and Dave from a couple streets over are going out to dinner Saturday and it's a chance to join in. Given the way physical communities just aren't communities these days, this sort of site is a chance to reverse that. Who do you think is on facebook and twitter anyway? Thanks for this, always good to have real data! The exact same software that would allow for accurate tracking of the 20% that make money would work for the 80% that don't. The fact that they can't properly account for the 80% strongly implies that they can't properly account for the 20%. $3.99 each. Gonna have to lower that price point a little. Too many people with their hands in the till. You know they have considerable income right now, right? "The US rating agency Moody's has warned that Dubai faces a "systemic increase in debt" after borrowing abroad on a huge scale to fund its construction boom, raising the risk of a financing crunch unless richer neighbours in the United Arab Emirates offer support." - Oct 13, 2008. Yes, 2008. Who didn't see it coming? http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/globalbusiness/3191538/Du... Very nice. Search is well done, though it's not immediately obvious there are more categories than shown. Explorer didn't seem to really show me things I liked, I think that's going to be really tough with art, as each piece is unique and things that may seem similar evoke quite different reactions. Still, the site has me seriously considering buying something. So there you go. Everyone's look at the sites in that video aren't they? But this does seem like a problem that would already be solved. And yet I don't think it is... It hasn't even actually come to market yet. I love the guy from the Small Business Administration's comments being so stern. Typical. Although there's no indication in what he says that he's talking about the subject of this article at all. The article doesn't say Geithner was hired by Citigroup. It says he was hired to run Treasury by someone who previously worked for Citigroup. If you're going to factcheck, make sure you're checking facts. Some software called Supercollider. Here's the article that links to that page. http://thewire.co.uk/articles/3177/ You're assuming the only value Google gets is the raw data. Does Google seem like the sort of company that stops with raw data? Or do they seem like a company that will squeeze every tiny little bit of information out of that raw data? There's MUCH more value in Twitter's firehose than the literal tweets. Google will extract it. PageRank needs to get a lot smarter. It's possible, though unlikely, that the entire report is deliberate misinformation. The guy runs a visual effects company. So. He's got at least one project being shopped around Hollywood right now. Who knows who it really is. Could be some random kiddies in Des Moines. The good news for Twitter is that I keep wanting to go to Twitter to get the latest news on this hacking. They're my go-to source for breaking news. I'm sure they're worried about a membership drop, but you really would think that the ACM of all people would understand that false scarcity is not a business model for information-based organizations in today's world. Arrington is just a bit of a fighter himself. "To the best of your knowledge" just means you haven't bothered to find out. I stopped reading at the word "bleating". Everything you wrote after that was wasted. Think about that before you post again. Are there really 10s of thousands of scientists doing climate work? What is your source for that? It seems like a high number. Answering my own question, there may in fact be 10s of thousands of "climate scientists", for a very broad definition of climate scientist. http://rabett.blogspot.com/2006/11/how-many-climate-scientis... Interesting to note though, how low the number is for scientists actually working on climate change . I could say nearly anything will be here by 2047. Hmmm. I wonder how they'll deal with policing this for porn.