Many colleges/universities existed before the Gutenburg printing press (see Oxford, Cambridge,University of Paris). Was there speculation at that time about how the book (the next big thing in information distribution) was going to put them out of business? When I first started coding, both reading it and writing it, I found that a lot of people wrote code in an unnecessarily complex way. Then I would decide to code it in the much simpler way I saw in my head. As I coded along, trying to add the features I needed, I would see a way to be even more flexible for only a little cost. Frequently I would go back and look at the "ridiculously complex" code, only to find that our implementations were similar after all. My understanding of the problem was much more sophisticated tho. This happened frequently, but in retrospect, as I practiced this more, I found that I was discovering the similarities between my solution and the already existing code much sooner. Eventually I learned to trust the other developers, that they had a more sophisticated understanding of the problem than I did. I also learned about refactoring and how that affects code shape (going through a similar process to that mentioned above). Other times when I find reading the code to be a problem, it is due to "future flexibility". Sometimes this is needed, others it is a waste. One thing to keep in mind tho, is that the "future" represented in the code may have already passed. I have some code I am frequently accused of "prematurely future-proofing", however in reality the changes the code was handled to design are now mostly incorporated. At the time the future-proofing was done however, life was hectic and "must do" changes were coming down the pipe daily and the flexibility paid off. Finally, there is the option that its crap code. I and most others have written plenty of that too. One thing that helps me in that case is to stop trying to figure out the code as a whole. Instead I refactor it as I go, since well factored code can lead to a big decrease in cognitive load. Best luck. Wait, you're actually saying that: 1. Someone still makes non-standard cd-roms? 2. Someone else still buys them? After learning you are person #2, why would anyone ever trust any other judgement you make? Speaking of strawmen... Please tell me which desktop you mean. Do you mean the home desktop? Or perhaps the administrative assistant desktop that needs access to the calendar, word, and email, (maybe the web too...). Perhaps you mean the desktops of the engineers, using autocad and a pile of specialized tools. And so on. Each of the above has different needs (perhaps even vastly different). A smart consultant/company/etc would go ahead and stop trying to use the same tool for every job. Some of those environments could probably switch to linux, and after a couple of months of "getting used to it time" everything would continue on as if nothing happened. The point is that "the desktop" has always struck me as a strawman to begin with. 1)Korea 2) I have yet to meet a cd-rom in this century that didn't just work with linux, no matter what it declared. After naming an asian company, then stating some vaguely related nonsense about talking inanimate objects, I will now imply there is some sort of link to your sex life: you are impotent. Despite your pretense of cleverness, I did in fact see what you did there. You pretended that my ad-hominem attack, which trivializes his judgement based on my disbelief of the existence and his subsequent buying of some obscure hardware invalidates his sweeping generalization about an entire industry (an argument silly on its own since driver problems are a universal issue), is somehow the same type of ad-hominem attack as stating random unrelated facts and listing the implications of poor reasoning, reductio-ad-absurdum. Well sir, you are wrong, my blatantly ad-hominem attack (which is pretty absurd in itself) is not the same as your poor attempt at using a witty question to counter it. Edit: the above run-on sentence is intentionally confusing and absurd. Im too young to know firsthand, but I recall during the .com boom here in the states one of the problems was that anyone who knew how to spell html could get a programming job. It was a hot field and people seeking the "big money" were getting programming jobs they didn't deserve. On the university side I knew several people who switched majors to business when they learned that coding involved typing (no joke). Perhaps the same is going on in India right now? From all accounts, programming is the hot job in India. I bet if someone put together a good summary of the "brilliant" people in a field, and had them talk about the level of talent when that field is the hot job, it would look the same as these coder stories. I think this article makes some good points. In fact there are times when I've been very frustrated at the "We can't to better than RDBMS" attitude many times. Particularly that time we were storing a tree in a table. Specialized data stores are very neat. I do however think there will always be a good place for the traditional RDBMS. For instance, there are times when I'm creating that I don't know what the layout of the data will need to be, and where the optimizations will be most needed, so I back an app with Postgres. Should I need to expand later, it will be easier as I have actual data to work with. I guess the point I'm trying to make is: unless you know for sure that your data will benefit from a different model (e.g. known performance needs, or a better conceptual mapping), not using an RDBMS seems like a premature optimizaton. Just because the frog in the pot turns out to be not literally true, it certainly demonstrates a point in a nice, succinct manner. Im sure everyone knows by know the frog will jump out in real life. Do you teach your children to ignore "its not easy being green" since no frogs can actually play guitar or sing? Or do you let them take the metaphorical meaning anyway? Can you please go over the cases when you would choose one over the other (BSD vs Linux that is). Even some bullet points would help. I've never found anything that didn't delve into a flamewar, and I have always been curious about such choices. I know many of my better ideas have been done over a weekend or afterhours for a week. The thing is that when its not a "complete project" these things are very easy to bang out. It's the next 6 months where the polish gets added. (side rant: and over those 6 months the frontend guys get all the oohs, ahhs, and credit, despite your having done the core work). I've been thinking about this a lot lately. It seems that hardware may be the New Way (tm). There exist some pretty exciting technologies for cheap, namely FPGA boards and SOC (system on a chip... and/or nano-itx). These make a very large portion of hardware design much simpler. We can suddenly apply software rapid development techniques to board design with the FPGAs. Further the SOC makes much functionality within a product just software development. Further, there are many exciting "hobby kits" which make gadgets very creatable and testable, since they allow for easy plug-and-play hardware creation. This sort of thing makes prototyping very very easy, and the rest can be outsourced pretty well. Sure there are complications that I know nothing of, but I think there is an abundance of supply chain for a lot of projects, making small hardware companies totally possible. A slightly different perspective on the above: I beleive there exists at least one market that can be exploited by putting together existing big components in fun new ways. I really enjoy looking at other people's code. I also enjoy them working on mine. I tend to approach the situation as "I can make it better". Sometimes I'm just blown away by what is there. Most of the time however fresh eyes are good, and I can refactor it prettier, or add edge case handling or whatnot. I also find maintaining my own code boring. In my head, I've already done all the interesting bits. Letting someone else work on it, then bring it back to me makes it interesting again, because it turns on all sorts of new ideas based on what the other person discovered (and I missed). In general the best code I've ever been part of has included passing code around the group. Ownership of modules was shared by at least 2 people, and everyone had input on it. Unfortunately this gets ruined frequently by the type of dev that thinks my changes to his code are an insult ("it was working just fine before, now its all weird, I don't know what you did" where before means before the spec changed). That feeling of not wanting to stop, while responsible for most of my noteworthy accomplishments, scares a lot of people. I have had several people who have tried to "fix" me because they decided that me being up most of hte night finishing something was unhealthy. They never seem to understand the idea of ramp up time, nor do they seem to understand the fickle mistress inspiration. There was one guy, a kind of mentor to me, who tried to tell me it was a moral imperitive to get up early and get to work, to show the bosses I cared. For some reason staying late didn't show the same thing, particularly if i took advantage of the flex time and showed up around noon. Fortunately this guy was not my boss, and instead I get to be productive in the way that fits me best. Fortunately this guy broke off the mentorship after I got promoted in spite of my "terrible scheduling habits". I worked in a place where devs were also top-tier tech support. This worked well, as we got to figure out what the problems were, got to help teach our users the capabilities of the system, and got to look cool when we fixed a problem in 2 minutes. This was for an in-house network appliance, so our users were pretty technical anyway, which definately helped. What did not help tho, was when the help desk got lazy and started directing tickets to us which had no place in our laps. Then it all went down hill. In short, its balancing act. Well, are you also including the fact that there is nothing forbidding repeated words? You sir are right. I should of course trust the officials and you as to wether or not I should know something. Those people didn't get to be official without obviously having the utmost concern for my well-being, and without wanting me to be fully informed of the important stuff. Who do I think I am, wanting to know something that someone else deems improper for me to know? I used aquasocks as my footwear for a long bike ride (70 miles each day for several days), and they were great, breathable like flops, but not nearly so many collision issues with panniers. :) I dont know about running, but I do know about barefoot. I have always been a "no-shoes" kinda guy. The less I deal with them the happier I am. Seriously, if it is a cold spring my friends will avoid me till the weather warms up. Unfortunately I live in Illinois, and we have those times of year where frostbite is the natural result of barefoot. So every winter I put on shoes :(. This causes me to revert to heel walking (a natural result of shoes). Once the shoes come off it takes about 2 days to get back into midfoot walking. This seems to me to feel more natural, and my feet just sort of do it. I presume this will be similar for you, maybe not quite as fast, but I am certain your body will have walking instincts for barefoot styles. HTH I'd also reccomend wearing flops as much as possible for your walking around shoes. Midfoot strike is not just a running thing, it's also a walking thing. Flops help this. Barefoot is better, but glass is a bitch. So here is my general thinking on this contest, with an eye on computational efficiency: 1. SHA-1 is done in 64 byte chunks, with the result of one chunk being the base of the next. Padding and length only factor in at the last chunk. This means you can half the number of computations (or even 1/3 it...) by computing the first block of a "prefix string" then going from there. 2. Cuda is good on integer ops. SHA-1 is integer ops. 3. All the combinations of Not saying anything the article says was wrong per-say Im saying that large amounts of computation can be factored out from the naive approach, large enough to be meaningful that is. Actually, if anyone has a good cuda card and wants to team up on the code writing email me: sophacles@gmail.com. We an use different random seeds when it comes time to running the stuff or whatever... I just think it would be fun! A simple criterion would be "capable of calculating the most results", which can be objective and meets some definitions of "best algorithm". I thought that shared mem of 16kb was on a per core basis? It's very possible I misunderstood, in which case: crap! Either way the, the algorithm I have in mind looks pretty matrixy, if you want I can keep you updated as I test things out. True. However I do not have copies of code I wrote in the past, but I can probably bang out all the interesting parts in a matter of a few days, from memory. It's not that I am that super of a coder or anything, it's that the interesting parts took a lot of thinking, therefore remembering. I think that's why it was 'steal' instead of steal. Right. I think the point is that someone wants me to work for them based on what I did for a competitor. This whole code stealing thing is silly when its really my ability to help them steal the ideas that matters. They already have the knowledge by getting me, code is pretty irrelevant. Of course the technical stealing is easier to prove with the code... I don't need to be a chef to know someone's cooking sucks. I don't need to a writer to know hack writing. Why does this guy need to be a programmer to know crappy webapps? Further why does his marketing mean that he can't have observed and lived the "do what you love and the rest will follow" message he presents? I call bs. Sure, the chef needs to go listen to other chefs about cooking, technique, ingredients, whatever. But I bet that same chef can go to non-chefs about things like book keeping, marketing, what customers want, etc. Further, plenty of restaurant owners, restaurant workers, restaurant enthusiasts and/or people who eat can totally get up in front of a chef and say: hey stop making crappy food no one wants it. Or even "this food that you are all making used to be trendy and clever, but now that everyone is doing it, its just sucky and boring. Here is something cool instead". Bringing the analogy back around, it is pretty arrogant for developers to think that the only person that can speak about the end product is another developer. Sure, I wouldn't listen to a marketer about what framework to use, but I sure would when it comes to declaring aggregators old-hat and sucky. Can someone explain to me why this comment was modded to -1? I mostly agree with you, but I have one serious doubt remaining. If the company in question was so broke, how could they hire a new contractor instead of just paying the current one? That action leaves a bad taste in my mouth, I think perhaps the original developer had good reason to want more than just the money they owed him for his contract work. It looks to me like there were lies involved, at least somewhat. So, the book Omnivore's Dilemma asks a question which I'm not sure is sufficiently answered by this study, but may be answered elsewhere (and I just don't know): Is it correct to treat food as a commodity. For example (ripping straight from the book here) is a carrot grown in Michigan the same as a carrot grown in Florida? There is a base assumption that we can treat the foodstuffs as commodities, but if this is not true, we cannot believe this study. If the organic is grown in already marginal land, while the "standard" food is grown somewhere fertile, is it possible to get these results, or possibly results indicating organic food is less healthful? I find this to be sadly true. I work for a university, writing software for research groups. I only have a Bachelor's degree, and many of the people I work with are working toward's ph.d.s or already have them and are doing post-docs. What they don't have is practical programming knowledge. I spent 3 hours yesterday convincing a group of grad students that the just because the library we are working with claims to be standards compliant does not mean that it is. I even wrote code to demonstrate how the library was broken and the simple steps to work around it. The other group members refused to believe the real life results, because the documentation and some ph.d. (who wrote the docs) said otherwise. The worst part of this is: it is not even a core bit of the research, it should be simple to say: hey this 3rd party thing is broken, but when we do foo, we get the behavior we want. I firmly believe every CS degree should include a practical component such as internships, or a demonstration of skills by working on OSS or similar. This would not only help cement the theory, but also help with practical issues like making code maintainable. Most current curriculums use throwaway homework assignments, encouraging and reinforcing ugly code. Woah! My birthday is at the end of august, and for the first time ever I know what I want and it's only July. I have a similar, but slightly different problem. While I know that CS and programming in general can be translated into useful math knowledge, I always mistrust my math. I suspect that i don't understand the math correctly because I understand it, if that makes any sense. The weird terminologies and reputation for being way hard always erode my confidence in my understanding. I know nothing of abstract algebra. In fact I don't even know what it is :). I do however view mathematicians in the same way I see the programming languages crowd: they like to play with these ideas and extend them for their own sake. The solve these puzzles and show that this principle is true, or that group of formulae can be generalized like so. It's up to the rest of us to notice when a particular problem fits some solution they have provided. Another part of this is: math is like alpha, and computer programming is blub, at least according to the math guys. According to Apple and AT&T , jail-breaking supports terrorists, or some such crap. woah, talk about alliteration, I wasn't even trying! One thing this guy doesn't mention, that I would think relevant to the discussion: Every language currently used by more than 4 people has a notion of FFI via C. This is nice as it allows for the old "profile it and write the slow bits in C" type programming. I particularly like that style of programming, because in the end, you only need to do C style intensity for a small bit of code. Over time, the number of these small, but useful bits accumulates, and the result is a decent, bottom up style library, without the pain of having started in C. (It also helps avoid the cruft...). He's not saying don't do anything. To use your metaphor, he's saying: Don't put a bandaid on it and claim you saved the man's life. Moving towards personal sustainability is OK, but there is no use pretending it is a major fix. It is more of a start, a way to get people thinking about the world they live in. After that the real work must be done, and not just harm reduction, but actively fixing the things we've broke. In fact the article points out one thing that struck me as particularly insightful: Current environmental thinking suggests we can only live in such a way as to harm our environment. This suggestion is way too convenient, as it reminds us all that we are sinners (environmentally). I think that maybe this sort of thinking is what bothers people about environmental types: it feels like religion, not any sort of fact based solution. Not according to the book mentioned, they are actual portable electric fences designed to be very light and trivially easy to set up. And... if you don't need lots of communication between nodes, I'd guess EC2 probably is the best way to go in terms of $/computation too. I write open source software for fun. No other reason. Your ability to use my software for stuff is a side benefit for you of this. Writing documentation is not fun. I don't want to fill my fun time with not fun activity. I will however take money for writing documentation (quality not guaranteed). In this case, I'm fairly certain your last sentence gets to the heart of the issue. The biggest motive of most people writing OSS stuff is: Fun. Documenting is un-fun. Since there is 0 obligation on the author's part and any benefit gained by others is a side-effect, documents won't get written, particularly to appease people who come in an demand better docs without offering any compensation. Good point. I wonder at what % utilization a cluster beats EC2 in terms of $/computation. Actually I'm sure there are all sorts of variables, and it becomes an optimization problem, but I think it would be cool to see an analysis of this in terms of $, computation power (time/jobsize or something), etc. The best index writers can't match a decent full text search. For that reason I fully support google book search -- It's easier to re-find information I already read. I have read books on google books, and then didn't buy them, but I wouldn't have bought the book anyway, particularly technical books. At least this way I may recommend your book to someone. You make a good point, however: 1. I have had many people become angry with my stance on documentation for MY projects (written with the above contraints, for fun, for me, if you want to use it: cool not my goal tho). That sort of entitlement ruins it for everyone. 2. It is still done for free, if you don't like the results offer compensation for your choice of improvement. If the work is all volunteer, some stuff that isn't fun won't be done. (debugging is more fun than documenting, since the former is required for something to work right). This is why most non-profits also include someone who is either paid or otherwise rewarded for doing the crap work. Strange -- I always just sort of assumed that since they are making big clusters, they could spend the extra $$ for a good multicast switch, and that MPI did ip multicast. (a quick googling shows me to be wrong...). Ugh, after reading that article I have that same feeling as when I accidentally stop the remote on fox news. This one time I had to work at a place where a postgresql install was not only the main datastore, it was also the main system message bus by abusing notifies. Further the enterprise message bus was a homebrew thing that was written to both pass messages and do RPC, oh and be the main way to monitor if a remote site was up or not. I think both of those count as well. For those who are curious: given these were linux systems, d-bus was the right answer for the former, and something like RabbitMQ or OpenAMQP, or even JMS solutions would be the proper answer to the latter. Oh man, I wish I had this at my last job half the team had over 50% of these symptoms, one guy had 90%. They believed, and had somehow convinced management, that they were great programmers! Some awesome practical examples from those guys below: Overheard statement "You know when I was in college I learned C. I just can't get the hang of these objects, so I try to avoid them". The guy who said this is now 34, and has programmed python for 4 years. A guy who would copy and paste 100 line blocks of code, and then occasionally thing "oh yeah, i need functions", and then finish out the current function by passing 12 parameters of state to current_function_2(). If you combined the func, func_2 and factored out the 100 line blocks it would be reverted with a commit: "stop making this so complicated". There was one guy who insisted that using templates was only for web frameworks, to use them to write system/config files (done frequently due to 3rd party daemon limitations) was an abuse of the templating system, and we should just use inline prints. The program was to be called with prog > /etc/conffile. One guy who decided that threads were so tricky, that he was the arbiter of thier use. My idea of a job queue and worker threads was "too abstract and hard to debug", so we stuck with the "tried and true" one thread per job method, all spawned at once. I could go on, but you're all prolly bored now :) tl;dr: i worked with the guys the article was written about Good question! The postgres solution was unexcusable, it was always used side-by-side with dbus. The other was around before any affordable[1] enterprise message busses existed, however as that changed the buggy solutions was still touted as "amazing new tech that keeps us ahead ofthe competion. No we can't switch to something else". [1] Affordable being defined as: this particular company could pay for it without going out of business. I have done this too, particularly in small projects. One thing I try to do in these situations is imagine what functions would be useful should I extend the program later. Anther trick is to imagine a different pardigm, i.e. coding it up as a state machine. What I gathered from the original article however, is a focus on those guys who will decompose long_function(params) into short_func1(params), the last line of which is return short_func2(params, 12 state params); .