The commisioners only lowered the charges for users in the EU roaming in other EU-countries. For example, if you bought your contract in Germany, you'll have to pay only 0.10 € / minute while you're in Denmark. (Which is quite funny, 'cause I have to pay 0.11€ / minute for calling to other german carriers.) I'm getting here > speed 1640kIPS on the old Nexus 7, don't you mean 8kkIPS? (This value was the average while booting Linux) The best solution would be the one used by Linux: Separate Data and Software. On Linux there is a specific flag that has to be set and is not set per default to make a file executable. So if you run something, you know that you are running it as a program and not opening it as data. Windows on the other hand marks everything as executable which begins with MZ and whichs filename ends in .exe or .com The battery life of the Nexus 7 is almost the same using Desktop Ubuntu compared to Android. Have you gotten all the features, the iPhone 5S got? Do you have the nice blurred Control Center background? Android's Problem is fragmentation, and it wouldn't help at all to just backport some functions to older devices, because then developers coulnd't be sure about tthe availability of any API. Or printing out and handing it over. I'm running Kubuntu with KDE, but fullscreen flash videos are also very bugged, how did you fix them? There is a german lawyer blogging about his experiences on lawblog.de, but aside from him I never saw any lawyer/judge/etc. on the internet talking about their job. I've got a really interesting example of this: I installed for my little sister (12 years) Kubuntu on her computer, now she has used it for half an year and she says it "just works". Using Windows XP or iOS at school is really difficult for her, because it is "so illogical", "nothing works as expected". Firefox with 30 tabs and several Youtube videos uses about 334MB So, while surfing just 5-8 websites at a time you'd have enough memory. Sometimes I'm even using a computer from 1996 which struggles even with xp – it's good enough as a compile server (Pentium II). To cite ENCOM : "What's different this time?" – "We've put a 12 on the box". — From "Tron: Legacy" Have you used KDE? It doesn't look like windows, but it is quite easy to use. And even without hacking EventKit you could just base64 the media and add it as description. It's the other way round. This was a survey where they asked thousands of germans, which country would be the most dangerous. And more people mentioned the US than Iran. Who is using Mir right now? Not even Ubuntu. They use Mir only as a wrapper around XMir which then displays Unity – they've won nothing with this. But with Wayland coming to kubuntu this summer and Mir coming to Ubuntu at the same time, we'll see how Wayland and Mir compare in production. > The unity web player is not supported on your platform It seems like this game can't be played on GNU/Linux. > repair teeth This is not reparing. Repairing would assume that afterwards you've got the same features as before, but replacing nerves and blood vessels with plastic (or in this case, regular tissue) doesn't really provide the same features as before. I'd like to see much more the possibility to replace teeth with ones you've generated from your own stem cells. > The DMCA does have provisions against reverse engineering Here in the EU reverse engineering is allowed and even if you sign a contract saying you won't reverse engineer something you've still got the right to do it. How would the DMCA comply with this, would anyone be able to shut down legally reverse engineered code on GitHub? Oh, hi. I'm also using uberspace, nice to see another uberspace-user here :) I think Hetzner has also some datacenters in Hamburg. I'm using the Sidewinder X4 on linux, and the anti-ghosting-feature works even without any custom driver, so I assume they used the "register one keyboard as multiple keyboards"-approach. But it's also not closed source, because OpenGL is just a specification, like Wayland. Google Mail/Google+/etc. will upload your contact info (All your contacts stored on your device), therefore if you've had your own photo added to your own offline contact, you can be quite sure it was taken from there. Actually, the past 2 years of Minecraft development were almost completely spent on RAM consumption, renderer efficiency, recreating the renderer with an OpenGL 2.1 shading pipeline, switching from direct drawing to VBO's, creating compatibility with translucent objects, etc. Since January 2013 they've spent almost the whole time on optimizing the performance. And the only features they've implemented since where features people wanted really badly or features which came automatically – for example, after adding support for translucent objects they were able to add stained glass with just some few lines of code. Actually they've announced there's a web and browser-addon version in the works, so we might be able to get it on PC. 1. Because you need to have a session open at every time 2. Because OTR appends the key for the next message on every single message, so if A is sending several messages after each other while B is offline all of them will be encrypted with the same key. TextSecure fixed both of these issues but is otherwise based on OTR. You should really look into it. That was my reaction as well. But I hope they've done this intentionally, because I hope nobody would be stupid enough to produce a new backdoor while fixing the first. Maybe those rulings or laws won't happen in the US, but in some major markets of the planet those rulings will happen – partially this discussion has already happened in the EU. You see this right now in the internet community around the Disney Movie Frozen. Most people there own a BluRay of the movie, but we're still using the torrents or video streams for all kind of remixing or for watching them together because we don't have to care about the DRM this way. Most people only buy the BluRay to give Disney further reason to produce a second movie – so more like you'd donate to an OpenSource project. I would actually pay 50€ or so for Pixelmator if it'd be available for Linux – but sadly it's not. I'd think, though, that the Pixelmator devs could port it to Linux quite easily, as most of the code already works with OpenGL/OpenCL/etc. so they'd only have to port the Cocoa-based UI to QT. And the worst thing is: Chrome still doesn't properly support HiDPI on Linux or Windows. The bug got closed as: "Working as intended, just zoom into the page". A satirical video about this topic from 2009 when the BKA wanted to do the same thing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdIA0jeW-24 You will need more modern stuff than OpenGL2.1 because OpenGL2.1 uses a really deprecated model. You'd really want use the new rendering system based on VBOs and Shaders instead of glBegin(). Again, this is a regional problem – in my country we have no Netflix and videos on Amazon Instant Video cost at least 7 or 8$ each (just for renting them for viewing them one time – if you want to view them multiple times, pay 19$) Which means Amazon Instant Video is, if you want to watch videos multiple times, more expensive than buying the DVD or BluRay. >there are services like Spotify, Rdio and many more that offers painless listening. Sadly most of these are only available in the US – and there are ~500 million people in the EU without access to most of these services. Luckily it gets better nowadays, Spotify exists in most countries here, iTunes in contrast to Google Play actually sells everywhere (GPlay only in some countries here) and with Netflix coming to Germany, Austria, the Netherlands, France and some other countries from 2015 on movie piracy will also go down. Using github.io? As the URL bar loses importance then people will just tend to ignore it, and on first glance (and probably for anyone who's not familiar with github pages) they will both look as valid. Shouldn't you still be able to directly invoke ld-linux.so to load the ELF binary, even if it's marked as non-executable? Or easier: If you're an EU citizen, just baksmali the Android App. As long as you don't copy code from their App decompiling is completely legal as per EU law there is no copyright on source code, but only on the implementation. And for private use the API access will also be allowed. Though I am not a lawyer, and this topic is still being discussed even in EU courts, so I wouldn't recommend using it for larger projects. Some Websites require you to pay money for access to their API. Some of them also have a HTML5-App (with a wrapper) available for Android. This app uses the same API. So some malicious developer could just unzip the app, read the JavaScript and find the API-key, and use their key instead of paying for one. And as the website usually has many accesses from the same IP (due to mobile users being behind NATs), the Website will never find out that someone is abusing their API. And a developer with Apktool could still modify the app and get the keys, you win nothing with this solution. I think OMNIRom has an open source swipe keyboard, I compiled everything from source and it worked with swiping, so I guess there's that. Notebooksbilliger.de sells all the laptops in their student lineup without OS – I bought my laptop there to save the license cost. Sometimes you can also find occasionally a laptop in a store with FreeDOS, but I've never seen one being sold with Ubuntu. German here – we have one company owning most of the lines, it gets subsidies from the government, but is in turn forced to make their lines available for everyone. Also the government just forces ISPs to provide specific speeds in specific areas. And we have many small ISPs which provide their own network, most of the time they are the same company that also provides water and electricity, and these ISPs compete heavily with the government-owned ISP. Also right now ISPs have to upgrade rural areas first, so in many rural areas you can already get 200mbps to 500mbps for 50€/month, while I'm in the city and can only get it from next year on. Overall: It is possible to create competition and still have governmental regulated fast internet. If you look at the screenshot at 1:1 resolution http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-4mueYYHRq8I/U8g3U-bk26I/AAAAAAAAAU... you can clearly see that the old renderer is blurry and hard to read, while the new one is crisp and looks much better. That's because the font you're using is set to render without antialiasing – the old system just rendered everything larger and then scaled down (supersampling), while the new system actually uses real antialiasing and only when the flag is set. Here in Germany it works like this: 1) You get the check with a total 2) the waiter hands you a mobile card terminal (like this: http://pay-tec.de/cms/paytec/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/1.jp... ) 3) You put your card in the terminal 4) waiter enters amount to pay + what you said you'd tip 5) You see the total, enter your PIN, press confirm 6) waiter hands you back your card. Per default not, it just asks you every time you enter the password if you'd like to enable that 15 minute feature. And does your styling work in a webbrowser where JS is disabled? Actually Chrome had most of these features and started removing them again. But that's not what the law aims for either. It's just supposed to make finding those results harder, so that you don't accidentally stumble upon them, but have to actually search for them.