To not know the answer to "there are no camels in Germany so how many camels do they think there are in B, a specific German city? " is not a cultural difference, to think that other cultures are seriously that dumb is more a statement on ones self than anything else. This is similar to statements engineers sometimes make that the Chinese are good copiers but can't innovate. No, cultures are the same as everyone else. They have humour, art and like to tinker and have in jokes. If they don't publicly innovate it's more likely it's not economical in that environment yet. The fact 'camels' was used has strong undertones to me, if this was an actually a study I'd be interested to know. Vertical farms seems more a myth than anything else. I cannot see at all, putting solar panels in the country side, transferring that power into a city, then growing food being more energy efficient than growing food in the country/floating farms and then shipping it to the city in a truck. As a park they are nice but I can’t see a worse way to waste energy creating for food. It’s sad the trolls seem to have gotten hold of this. Torrent Freak has not even gone close to saying Sweden has bought him. When countries give foreign aid, it is often, at least in part, for power plays. Japan regularly does this in the pacific islands and uses their support to continue whaling. To argue the amount of money they give (quite large) is so they can continue whaling is also ridiculous. In fact most Japanese don’t even eat whale or care about the issue. It’s mostly political. Sweden is owed a few favours and it seems they have called one in. The story here is why they have chosen this as one of them. I think we need context here, these are just people going around in circles on a track. Their object is to entertain, and that they have in more ways than one. This concept sport people are anything more is a sad reflection on society. The technology and methods they spend billions on developing are mostly useless to the normal world. Even movie technology builds on itself and makes better movies, sport technology just shaves 100ths of a second off records, what is the point. It's forgotten by all but diehards 10-20 years later. At least a good movie or book lasts hundreds of years. To say sport is more than that is quite sad I feel, people need to get over pretending it that important. Total junk. Campaigns like this are what's wrong with this world and the acceptance of them in general is troubling. For the 'players' as a draw card to get customers ($), it might bring in a few I guess since the public is easily fooled by theses sort of self serving campaigns that cause more harm than good. But ethically I couldn't do it. If you 'really' want to help kids donate $40 to a 3rd world charity, save a real life and make you 404 professional instead. Lists like these recognise in public University's that are good and gives all universities a reason to improve. Whether this ranking is more relevant to researchers or students you'd have to look at the methodology but they are very closely related anyway. The reason people hate rankings is most people(Bit above 50%)are below average intelligence or go to a below average university hence they hate it when it's pointed out to them. Even smart people still suffer for thinking they are more intelligent than they are hence they too do not like being rated. In summary, the truth is yes you are better off going to a higher rated university if external factors are equal. But most people can't handle the truth so it's up to you what you believe. So what's the catch? Why is it wrong? Is it we know lesser falls cause death and as such we can extrapolate out. Or since the differences are so pronounced there is no need for randomised placebo trails? I think the simple fact the writer knew the answer, (Hen) but then went on to explain why it might be other things showed a lack of intelligence if anything. Anyone who's intelligent would know Kosher is a cultural test so is not valid. If you don't know how to answer the question correctly it's a lack of intelligence, not you're smarter than the test. Knowledge of the state of mind of others is what is normally defines intelligence in animals. Knowing what answer they want is part of the test. Some people just don't get it... This is the same as psych tests that ask if you want to commit suicide. If you don't know why this question is there then the test is working. You're not smarter than the test because you think it's a stupid question, you just don't understand the test. Sorry but I think this article is totally wrong. Tags for instance are a classic example of something people raved about, thought would work than were a total failure. It was found filenames actually gave more useful information to the user than tags. (PS if it's not obvious hashtags are not tags) Or you could just not get caught up in to the hype and do something useful like teaching your kids proper food health, deal with their mental health and teach drug harm minimisation strategies. WTF Who necessarily reads books within 4 months of buying? I have many, many bought and borrowed books 3+ years old in my to read pile. I think this is Bruce Schneier's way off the mark, even inappropriately so. His book culture is not everyone else's and he shouldn't by default expect that from them. Paying $11 for a book and then having to do a review is not an amazing deal for the buyer. It's just a deal. If no time line was specified in the deal people have every right to read the book when it suits them. They didn't save $5-$15 to get a chore. For me that would have been a within a year estimate. This cause is trying to change the access across the world for scientific articles and you're complaining for a short period "A few class websites are inaccessible, a few friends' blogs are down, and web development is a bit annoying" That's the most selfish thing I've seen today. No argument why this form of protest won't work just it interrupts your current lifestyle. And IMO it will help, it keep momentum and adds publicity to the other means also going on. I couldn't disagree more. These are MIT graduates, highly intelligent people, not some slack jaw locals. They are fully capable to look at the issues and take moral responsibility for the University they are part of. How can an intelligent person support a organisation by being part in it, then take no responsibility for what it does. Yes I know the commoners do this all the time for their entire lives, but being better educated (However you do it) is about moving on from this simplistic me me me mentality and looking at the total issue. No, it's meant as a 'don't drink the coolaid' and think just because you are part of something you are A. Right B. Don't have to accept any responsibility for the organisation you are part of. If MIT did something wrong and you go to MIT you are responsible for being part of that organisation. No one is forced to go to MIT. Take responsibility for who you support, be it a university, club or a job. If you think MIT did nothing wrong, then say they did nothing wrong. Don't say I'm a member of MIT but nothing bad(= short internet issues) should happen to me cause I'm just one of the many in this organisation. >"They are making it more difficult for members of the general public to access academic article" Given what may happen if change can be made is this really anything? This is how most of the mostly 3rd world student/academics live 100% of the time for most articles. They are not attacking students sites AFAIK they are attacking the MIT network I really doubt the Faculty are not seeing this and thinking. This is an attack for unproportionately persecuting someone for trying to free up scientific information. I don't see it as revenge for his death. DoJ won't change, but academics might. I'd agree. None of the answer seem close to correct. It is an interesting idea. I had a small site without compulsory passwords just email address. Idea being you'd suck more users in this way (Data was not a real security issue) And emails are unique. Let the user add a password if they want. It never got popular, so no idea how it would go. Griefing might be an issue. But back to the point, it's a risk management issue. What's the return on no passwords and what's the risk. Flatmates can rob my room if they are evil. So I don't consider a small security issues on password overlaps a problem. Really Microsoft considers a computer compromised once the attacker has physical access anyway. I do however want a small barrier to them reading my emails etc. (Something about temptation) Perhaps there's issues with teaching bad habits (UX), perhaps it'd confuse users(UX). Perhaps like all projects it goes from 2-10 users to hundreds. This is more what should be discussed. My understanding is you still need a username with fingerprints etc. Well at least in a corporate environment. So they don't change the original question What if the fingerprint algorithm overlaps two people. You suddenly can access someone else account without trying. IE fingerprints burnt off/similarly damaged through chemo. Also an fingerprint attack without username simultaneously attacks all users at once. Not saying with the right tech a fingerprint might be good enough without a username, but my understanding is it's not done and whether it can be is a similar question to the original question. Am I the only one that sees that the title/headline is pretty close to a lie and that he ran a 'Web Vulnerability Scanner' on someone else's web site? This is illegal! Most people seem to be missing this. If you're going to break the law at your own University at least cover your tracks. Don't annoy the crap out of them(Rightly or wrongly) then go on to black hat them. http://www.acunetix.com/blog/web-security-zone/should-you-te... what can happen when production Web applications are tested including: Email floods Junk data inserted into databases News feeds filling with random input Log files filling up Accounts getting locked out Internet bandwidth consumption Scans that take longer to complete High server and database utilization Incident response teams and managed security providers having to deal with alerts Final cleanup needed after the fact No they are not bugs, in any way, shape or form. I think you are missing the technology and ethos of website design here. Web scanners do massive offensive attacks. They basically DOS attack your site in many ways, trying millions of attack vectors. Mitigating against vandalism is very hard. It hurts users the more you do. Generally you leave it as open as possible and it is ok, since it's not a security issue per se and most sites can live their lives never having been attacked this way. There's no money in vandalism and unless you piss off skilled or determined people it won't be abused. Someone could write a script to cause thousands of $ damage to wikipedia without much trouble. But wiki chose's to leave itself open and take the risk. They don't have a bug. They are trying to do the right thing by users. As per my link to a direct article by the makers of the scanner he used, it is invasive. What more do you want? Yes, passive scanning is fine with me, it's probably legal in most countries, but this is not certain (See Google and wifi). But I don't see the relevance to the conversation. Passive automated scanning is fairly useless so it's not really used. Fact is he broke the law at a criminal level and caused damage, if you can't see this, you really have no idea of the reality of the technology he was using. But what should happen to him for it is a discussion for a different thread. The technology here could easily have been done 50-70 years ago (And it probably was) I think it's not about robots but the spread of ideas and commerce is now much easier with the internet. I'm guessing you are just a child or a troll. When you get older you'll realise all marriages and lives have their ups and downs. If a 'cheating spouse' is the worse you have to deal with you'll have lived a lucky or short life. Death of loved ones, marriage break ups, losing jobs is life. Get over it. It happens to all of us, this me, me, me mentality that we live in a hollywood movie and just because theses things happen to us it's a world event gets a bit tiring. How many iPads could a (foxconn) worker have bought before China became a technology manufacturing hub is the real question? Hell of a lot less I'd image. A lot less medicine and school for their kids as well I'll guess. Ummmm you could sell your "3 year old nephew's" art for $100,000 but for some reason you haven't? Right.... I do get tired of the old insult to art that "I could do better" but for some reason that person has 'chosen' not to make millions and be famous. People need to stop fearing things they don't or can't understand. Exactly, really it's not that hard, but as this blog article shows some people still just don't get art and/or how it's valued. And it's ok not to understand things, but it's not ok to ridicule things just because you don't understand them. This is not consumption at all. A painting is probably a few hundred $ worth of materials perhaps a couple of hundred hours labour tops. The average person probably wastes/consumes more rubbish in a week or two. This is a rich person not consuming if anything. What I find interesting is, it is totally the schools copyright when you think about it. There's no way the students would be thinking up what they were without the collaboration of their teachers. Sure schools should have special rules, they need to encourage not stifle, but in any logical sense it is their IP. I find very unlikely it doesn't work. Shonky electronics are possible out of China but 100% not working electronics are rare. It's evolution. The business would quickly go out of sale, so assuming you're buying from a reputable seller it's unlikely you get a total scam. So to make a big call like that you really need more proof. Same reason as why we want money? We see it as a proxy for power. Why do people want power? Evolutionary reasons. Probably for men we see it as a way to reproduce a lot for women it's probably seen as a way to ensure their children are successful and reproduce. It gets a bit depressing if you think about it to much. Just enjoy life and accept things. What people never seem to get in the Minority Report is, it’s not cool because he used his hands. It was cool because it had kick ass software behind it that could do all the work. I see this continuously with things like glass/mirrors that can be touch screens etc They look awesome because the (imaginary) software demoing it does awesome things. Leap could be a cool device, but you’ll need to think outside the box to see how. My fat ass is not going to wave at anything that it can do with a mouse let along the quicker speed at which we can type/shortcut/mouse compared to physical movement. Personally if I was a developer I'd look at things totally new. This stuff seriously seems like a game changer. Could be all hype but if it's legit I think it'll be huge. Never having to clean the toilet again in itself would be amazing. Cost reductions in business here alone is significant. Anti graffiti capabilities would make it huge for government applications. On park benches etc keeping communal equipment from ageing. The whole cleaning industry could be changed. Waterproofing electronics. Hygiene in hospitals might save many, many lives. I do like living in the future. But you could also never wash it? "x-ray video machine to examine their kids' feet at the shoe store" Except there's no real evidence this ever hurt anyone? And xrays are an incredible medical marvel that has saved millions of lives. Fear hurts more than it ever helps, if they had delayed xrays for even a few years imagine how many more deaths there would have been. The precautionary principle is a dangerous idea that has somehow has gotten mainstream acceptance. It regularly kills people, people somehow think it's a safe concept when it's not. Through the magic of hind-site you can claim there is no dichotomy. xrays could have given cancer to the people conducting the treatments. Using fear, xrays should have never been used for anything. Is it worth the risk that doctors using xrays might get cancer to save some patients? Is it worth the risk of giving a patient cancer just because they might have a 10% chance of a life threatening injury. If you look at all clichéd stuffups with technology their kill rates are tiny, often like DDT they saved many many lives. Now take all the things people get scared of - TV, Mobile phones, electricity towers, chemicals(What ever this means). Mobile phones perhaps should only be used for emergencies in case they are cancer causing. Imaging how many 3rd world people would die if we made the decision. Ummmm Education Minister who (allegedly) cheated at university forced to step down. Don't really see that as a "Fascination With Degrees" Might have been a interesting topic, but it's a hopeless segue. "A prankster could outwit many scoring programs by jumbling key phrases in a nonsensical order. An essay about Christopher Columbus might ramble on about Queen Isabella sailing with 1492 soldiers to the Island of Ferdinand -- and still be rated as solidly on topic, Shermis said." To be smart enough to prank on a subject and pass would mean a pretty in depth knowledge hence the mark would be correct. In fact a human would incorrectly say the student was bad at the subject so it makes the computer superior in marking students actual knowledge of the subject :) Fake. And ridiculously so. You can only see around 2000 stars in total with no light pollution across the entire sky Perhaps the photographer is not saying they are realistic, it might be nytimes being misleading. YES "there is something humbling and awe inspiring about how vast things are." So why fake it. Why show pretend scenes with orders of magnitude more stars then there should be. Why not just show real life and how the stars would look if Paris etc had the lights turned off. Why show a universe where somehow stars at hundreds of times more than they are. Isn't ours good enough? Anyone scientific/technical knows how stupid those pictures look, and anyone artistic has been away from city lights and knows what stars really look like. Why break from a great idea and create something so fake looking. Why not make them realistic and make a point on light pollution and the beauty we are missing out on. Why can't we appreciate the real universe and how great it is. Have we become that sad we need to make everything look like a scifi movie? At least have a couple of moons if you're going to go down that road. There's probably 10,000 stars in the first photo that's supposed to be part of the night sky? It implies if the lights go out you'd see around 100,000 stars. In real life you can see 2000 in the total night sky away from lights. How will a long exposure allow you to see more stars? Even in the jpg you link you can see there's obviously one to two thousand stars tops in it. These pictures are from telescopes, the latter ones even have fake colors applied. Interesting I assumed the colours from star pictures are mostly faked / enhanced / thickened / filtered. I'll have to look into it more. I think you are right. I had to create a quick sim but it does pan out. With round robin it's going to chose the dynos most likely to have the shortest queue given the simple information available. (longest time since it got something) so it's biased to putting stuff on empty queues. Where as random picks randomly, so there's no bias to empty queues, so random should be less efficient. Lol totally evil product based on making people lives awful through fake fear. But I guess that's many successful products, make people feel bad or their lives are missing 'something' and give them the solution for the $ Myself and friends have often talked about it. Be unethical but make money. Individual vs Herd mentality. And in the first world is it really that evil to fool the people who fall for it? I find it hard personally but maybe that's a weakness I should train to get over, not sure. I do give a % of my wage to 3rd world charity so would I still be up positive ethics wise. Interesting article to see into that world anyway, something to think about. I also have read about people being charged/sued over this but Google hasn't helped me remember the case. It was a delivery company from memory. But in general if you are putting things into the product outside of the contract you must see how this as a legal issue? Also see why no Easter Eggs - http://blogs.msdn.com/b/larryosterman/archive/2005/10/21/483... LOL what total bunk, "unless" of course you practice some sort of magic and believe by definition humans cannot replicate this form of magic, then his theory might fit. Besides which the Singularity has nothing to do with the 'soul' and consciousness. It's about super intelligence, this is possible without being self aware. IE Deep Blue I assume is not considered 'conscious' but it can solve the chess problem better than us, why would you think a super intelligent machine that can solve general problems has to also be 'self aware', bizarre. This is so disingenuous and plain misleading and I see it around a bit. Most of them, if not all went to Uni. They then made great contacts and could pull out because they became successful early. Without Uni, they possibly would all be nobodies. I'm not sold on the working from home argument. Studies I've seen have been for work that's partially commission based. Anyone have better? And I will admit it will work for some people but that doesn't mean it will work for a company. It's hard to say to some people you can work from home and to others you can't because I don't trust you. And how can a company work out if you are a person it works for? I think what many people forget is everyone is different and systems aren't perfect. You might be able to work efficiently from home but allowing you to do it might make the team worse off because the best system the company can put in place won't be as efficient. Because we all know companies suck at a lot of stuff and it's just adding another thing they can stuff up in this non utopian world. But as above interested to see any studies people have. >You need to call an attorney. Any other advice you get here is bad advice. Why? Why is your opinion the best? Are you an attorney? Are you an attorney he's called? This statement has no value, it's almost a paradox,. Where's the proof behind it? Do you have have statistics? It seems to me to be purely a pass the buck statement. Everything is a "highly specialized domain" So when I'm getting a house built, talking to friends is no use and forbidden, I should only talk to a builder? If a house falls down I could be killed, that's way worse than being sued. Sounds like nonsense, but why? Every day we do things that put our lives in non specialist hands but it's a legal issue suddenly "only ever talk to lawyers." Yes advice must be taken lightly, especially on the internet. Experts have a time and a place. But living in fear can be worse. I personally would prefer free internet advice than selling out and becoming part of the problem. That to me is a fate worse than being sued. Others however might prefer a mix, they also might have more on the line than me. That's all good. But don't let the fear take over and make you irrational. The worst thing with the patent wars is not the suing it's the fear it's creating. Talking to my partner who's in OH&S and she was saying there is a growing body of evidence working from home is bad for your mental health. Not saying that's absolutely everyone in all situations but like most mental health issues you can't really self diagnose.