The specification for this standard, along with the fields, lengths and meanings are in this document: http://www.iata.org/whatwedo/stb/Documents/Resolution792_Jun... Also W/m^2 Really? Mini-hell? He posted a request for the author to take it down, the author agreed in the very first reply to this request, and as far as I can see, it was acted upon in less than 12 hours. The flap that followed was a disagreement about the style of Zed's request. A semantic argument, which is pretty far from an ongoing personal torment. I'm not defending Martin, by any stretch. I'll agree with your assessment there. On the other hand, I don't think Zed should be particularly surprised by his reaction. Nor do I think he's ignorant to its cause. I've had power transfer switches fail more than once. Just because you have a redundancy available doesn't mean you are reducing failure points in the system. "Maybe some people had pointed out the problem and the fix before.." How modest. Or, run egress traffic shaping. Put a hard limit on the upload rate from your PC to your device, put this at about 98% of your actual "line rate." Problem solved? You do the egress shaping at the router, not on each individual machine. And you shape the entire interface, not individual traffic flows. As far as jitter in the outgoing rate, that's what the buffer is there for. What shaping helps you avoid is: a) filling the buffer and those side-effects and b) prematurely filling the buffer at a high rate while the rest runs at a low rate. I've been doing this in my home networks for years, and this is exactly what egress shaping does for me. The local router drops packets, the internal clients back off. The reason he had those problems, I'm guessing, is that he never setup traffic classing filters. Generally, I've never run _just_ TBF/HTB + SFQ. I've always run them hierarchically, HTB on the top interface, then several HTBs feeding into that one. Each of the lower HTB queues has a different amount of "flow" allowed to it. Once you approach it this way, it all works rather nicely. As the multiple queues allow you to spread bandwidth, but also priority into the higher level queue. I can run telnet/ssh sessions during a torrent swarm with no issues. In my experience, they're available as soon as WBEZ finishes airing them for the first time. They don't have battery backups? The rate card can change as often as the ratings are released. From an "old media" perspective, pricing is pretty volatile. I'm not entirely sure what you're trying to accomplish, but the USPS TIGER database can (sometimes) be useful in this area: http://zip4.usps.com/ncsc/addressmgmt/tiger.htm It depends.. if they're issuing /64's, they're actually issuing networks, not host addresses anymore. I'd rather not have my entire network be renumbered every 6 hours when my DHCP updates. Precisely.. I'd also like to know under what circumstances this would actually be used, and be a useful safety feature to have implemented. At the very least, there should be a significant warning in the cockpit when "dual input" mode is active. That is an incredibly dangerous "feature." What? The attackers had an easier time because hijackings didn't usually involve flying into a building / killing everyone on board. Prior to 9/11 most hijackings were about taking hostages, flying to a friendly country, then awaiting your ransom. As a passenger, your job was just to sit tight, don't do anything stupid, and wait for the resolution. The hijackers didn't have to socially engineer anything, they just relied on the assumptions of the time. After 9/11, passengers got more aggressive. The shoe bomber and the underwear bomber were shut down and restrained by alert passengers. I would typically agree with you; but the thing that I have really enjoyed in the transition to iproute2 is that ip handles all of: link state, address configuration, arp, tunnels, routing, transformation and a few other obscure things. It brings these together into one tool and unifies the argument syntax for all of them, I find it much easier to play with the network stack using 'ip'. If it's about violations, or money, I can't strictly tell; it's one of those things that depends on who you talk to: http://lwn.net/Articles/475901/ That they use the money for "good things" is great; however, if you're trying to get greater compliance then perhaps this approach is flawed. If they're placing too high a monetary value on non-compliance with the license, then you could easily see why these companies would push back and seek these types of alternatives; or flat out deny the use of (L)GPL software in their products entirely. In the end, this is probably the opposite of what the SFC intended and may result in the loss of their greatest legal tool. I think the problem is that you honestly believe that he was genuinely telling people that they should die. It's an expression, and not terribly uncommon, either. Leadership doesn't require politeness. Fairness is probably what you really want. Sorry to be snarky; but, compare $0 (Audacity) to $225 (reaper), $500 (cubase), $600 (vegas), $130 (Propellerheads). Not an uncommon story, I suspect.. but, Roger? You can.. at least I do with UPS all the time. It's called "hold for pickup." You put your name and phone number on the package, but use the address of the UPS shipping facility itself. When the box arrives there, they give me a call, let me know it's waiting, and that I have 5 days to come pick it up. Yea.. I do have to drive to pick it up, but at least I'm not at the mercy of the driver's schedule. Once it's there, I can get it when it's convenient for me. I see his argument.. but why not just partner with ISPs? If HBO doesn't want my $8 directly, then why not let AT&T (or whoever) charge me an extra $8/mo along with my DSL (or whatever) bill and get HBOGO? It would be nearly identical to their current model, but with different types of subscriber organizations distributing their content for them. I'll wait and see how Netflix does on producing original content; HBO seems really good at it. Over the years they've shot some amazing shows and the product speaks for itself. Even though I am a current Netflix subscriber I would still easily add HBOGO to my monthly bills for premium access to their content. Also.. their largest carriers also serve a lot of cable internet, for most it wouldn't be adding a competition so much as adding another way to get at subscribers money. I'm not so sure they would be in a huge rush to drop them. I wonder if it be possible to utilize something like the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interplanetary_Transport_Networ... to get to the edge of the solar system with low energy requirements, and then burn the engines when you're out near Neptune? Maybe I'm missing something, but why would you patch SSH instead of just using something like pam_mysql and nscd? Why should the browser be required to deal with this? They used javascript to build up a giant page, why don't they use the same facilities to cull the parts of the page that have already scrolled off the top of the screen? Everyone wants rich apps in the browser, but no one wants to pay the price of it. So.. does that mean that we committed "acts of war" without any congressional approval when we unleashed Flame and Stuxnet on our "enemies?" It wasn't even clear this was a slide deck until I looked at the URL. RFC6296 (NPTv6) makes a reasonable case for address independence and points out some issues with PI. http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6296#section-1.1 I'm not anywhere near the firewall team, but my company seems to struggle with blocking these services quite a bit. In particular, google drive is very hard to block: they use HTTPS and they don't have a fixed set of addresses that the service is delivered from. Their solution? Add a GPO to all our windows machines to force a '127.0.0.1 drive.google.com' entry into all the HOSTS files on our network. Moving away from proprietary standards, to open ones, is a declaration of war? Wow. Could it be that Google is tired of paying to license a technology that has free alternatives? Especially considering that they will keep the proprietary option for its paying customers; this seems very likely. That's what this seems to be, I've even noticed that the first ring may even sound a bit different from subsequent rings. I think the first layer ring is the actual call setup being attempted across the cellular network. Once the receiving phone is located and receives the signal that a call is incoming, you begin to hear the second layer ring. The dial tone actually ends after the first digit is dialed. However, this is a significant digit, especially for older equipment. If you pressed 0, you would get the operator immediately. No phone numbers could begin with zero. If you pressed 1, you would be connected to a long distance trunk and an area code would then be expected. No local prefixes could begin with 1. If you pressed any other number it was a local call. Also, on analog networks, maximum modem speed was 56kbps. 64k was the theoretical maximum, but the FCC placed limits on the amount of power you could have in certain frequency bands on the line -- hence 56k was the maximum speed. On a purely digital network, like ISDN, you could receive 64kbps on each channel. No, she used the distortion to decode the specific subcarrier that holds the RDS information. This had nothing to do with the decryption, as the data decoded at this step would include regular RDS/RDBS data along with the _encrypted_ TMS data. The decryption is performed in a second step. The reason she had to do it this way is because most radios do not provide a convenient way to get at the subcarrier data. Only if the OCR couldn't process it, although the OCR has gotten a lot better so the "Remote Encoding Centers" see a lot less volume. You could always tell when your mail failed the OCR in the past because it would have a faint orange barcode printed on it -- this was used to track it through the human encoding system at the RECs. I wouldn't be that sure. The NSA made DES _more_ secure in the 1970s by influencing IBMs design of the S-Boxes, regular cryptography research didn't even discover this until 1992. This means that the NSA understood differential cryptanalysis 22 years before non-NSA researchers did. Their ability to brute force is meaningless if they have techniques to obviate it's necessity. This seems to take the long way around. I wonder why they didn't consider just using the firewall to control network traffic; unless you really need your applications to be completely unaware of IPv6, but so far, I've not experienced that problem. Also, requiring root privileges for launch is a bit of a burden in some use-case scenarios. EAS has so many weaknesses, I'd actually qualify this as the least worrisome. The way we deploy any computerized equipment that is a part of our air-chain includes firewalls and only allowing connections to the necessary servers for CAP type alerts. Every EAS receiver is typically monitoring other stations in the area for EAS relay. We actually have a tuner tuned to another station in the market and if we hear an EAS alert go across the air on their station we simply relay it. Due to the FM capture effect, it's _very_ easy to attack this channel; especially because there's _zero_ authentication on these incoming "relay" messages. Even worse, some types of messages are setup for "national relay." This system was tested recently to ensure that a message could be relayed like this from one end of the country to the other -- and yes, it can. So, if you construct the right type of message, you can have it broadcast over _every_ station in america. Except the mouse doesn't know exactly where it is on the screen, or how it's concept of CPI (counts per inch) relates to pixels on the screen. Mid-Range Estimates: Engine: 300 to 450 pounds Transmission: 120 to 140 pounds Gas Tank: 20 to 25 pounds Radiator: 20 to 30 pounds So, roughly 460 to 645 pounds. Add 110 pounds for 15 gallons of gas. The comparison is a little more difficult than this though, because the batteries just store energy. The Model S still has a (416hp) motor, there are a few other differences (regenerative vs standard brakes) and equivalencies (inverter vs alternator). A Chevy 383 can make about 400hp+ in about 620 pounds. If we choose all our numbers for comparable cars that are highly in favor of the Tesla, we're still only likely going to match the weight of the Tesla's battery pack alone. The Model S curb weight is 4,647 pounds. A Cadillac STS, which is 5" narrower but very nearly the same in every other dimension as the Model S is only 3,922 pounds. That leaves the Model S 725 pounds heavier, still quite a bit of difference. Fortunately, microcode updates are not persistent across boots. To do that it would require some type of persistent memory on the CPU itself. You could open the chip and look for memory of this type, it requires certain special features to operate, and they're somewhat easy to pick out of a chip shot. There's also an engineering reason to avoid doing this: persistent memory cells based on silicon have a limited number of write cycles. With current materials in the CMOS manufacturing process; to be a little nitpicky. Specifically, it was extended to 1522 bytes in 802.3ac. I think they're more concerned with their reputation and the perception of their internal practices and controls, and most importantly the value of their "technology." Just read the second and third sentence of Goldman's reply.