University has never really been about real world application. The professors and lecturers that i've encountered are really smart people on the cutting edge of thier fields, if they wanted to lecture about these technologies tey would have no issues. University is really about teaching you the principles which rarely change much, then depending on your course building up to more real world situations. Theres no point focusing a whole course around the newest technologies then having someone not have the flexability to adapt to new changes or work in an older area. they could just captcha the poll, it's not like they really need the random votes of people to lazy to fill it out in the first place. seems like ip authentication is useless now because of the amount of proxies avaliable to people. I'm guessing that this wouldn't be competitive in the market at a higher price point? From a personal viewpoint if I was going to pay for a backup service i'd be open to paying more. I guess free alternatives would make that hard to be a competitive business move though? For many startups I don't really see a great advantage to a formal office setup in the in initial phases. In the current climate where funding is had to come by solutions like this make a big difference. Even if it is good enough, the perception of what is good enough is constantly changing. At a point in the past the steam engine was probably considered good enough. I think it would be a dangerous thing for the technology industry to fall into the trap of thinking what we have is good enough and killing innovation. Even if the product is good enough there has to be a driving force to constantly improve. There is lots of possibility for computing that just isn't attainable with current machines. Things that probably weren't even thought of when we were back a stage from where we are now. Seems there were many advocating real estate as a safe investment during boom times. Just goes to show that there is no such thing as a safe, high growth investment. Gauging by my mostly non tech inclined friends list the average person is only interested in quizzes and top5 lists in terms of apps. Still considering giving facebook a try for promotion of the site I'm working on but don't hold high hopes for a lot of traffic coming from it. Any information source as rich and as useful as this would be impossible for the indie iphone developer to obtain for a decent price or free. Apart from social networking based information which would be a very competative market on the iphone already. I think the real money for the indie developer is in casual games. At the time though the things that were happening with the internet were all largely new concepts. New graduates who had been studying heavily web based technologies would have had the advantage over an older person who may have come from a DOS background. These day's although still evolving I would say web based technologies are a lot more stable. Unwritten hacker news law that every coding horror post has to at least get a mention. For someone like myself that hates working with flash but likes JavaScript i'm glad things like this are being made. This is one of the ares which will really pay off from the new wave of browsers competing to create the best JavaScript engine. Unless specifically stated otherwise most major sites would be tracking and storing IP addresses. I have been using the prototype based one. Good to have something like this around if I look to try and standardize everything in JQuery later on. We should see this for what it will most probably be. One step on the path to creating a search engine which understands and computes your question based on the sum of all knowledge on the internet. I think it can rival a structured dataset if it is done correctly. The big advantage that google has, and I know there was a paper they put out about it a couple of months ago, is that they have access to such a large source of data that they can use a great deal of sources to weed out the noise by only using the stuff that appears over many sources. Then you could also assign sources a reliability rating based on how acurite the information they provide is compared with other reliable sources. Kind of like a new pagerank but for data integrety. I'd pay for my hotmail mainly because it's an established mail account that's used everywhere plus I like what they have done with the windows live mail program. I'd probably pay for a lot of other random small sites to if a single micro payment provider got universally supported. 2 javascripts running the same algorithm with slightly different performance might not actually make a large difference in who ends up winning, or you would see lots of draws just because in the alloted time examining a few but not a lot of extra moves and probably no more moves ahead might not help much. There is of course though a fine line between going the extra distance for a client and being taken advantage of/ underpaid. Sounds like more of an indicator to me, so they can go talk to the person if the red flags go off. On there size scale many people would probably slip through the cracks if they just used a regular method of trying to get to know all the employees that work under them. Can't say I've ever had a problem paying a decent amount for a book. Never been a fan of ebooks either. I think we'd be in a lot of trouble if most traditional journalism disappeared, so much blog information is just opinion on news generated by traditional journalism or opinion pieces. While in the web company area that hacker news covers this may not be the case a lot of blogging is. This idea is about as old as google itself. I find the fees for recieveing payments from ebay auctions kinda stupid. Just eBays way of hitting you twice. Wordpress defiantly encrypt there passwords in some unreversable format using a salt. I don't think SSL is really necessary for a community site like the wordpress one. It can also work the other way though, relaxing during senior year could put you in the wrong frame of mind entering college and result it you not putting the effort in there either. Would be interesting to see if someone could use this data to incorporate into an intelligent Google squared/ wolfram alpha type search engine for programming questions. I've found recently that at crunch time on uni work/ freelance work I seem to just omit the having a life part of my day to maintain a similar amount of sleep. Also the sleep moves from say midnight -1 to 10-11 to about 5-6 to 12-2 I find the issue runs in programming as well although less important in day to day life it is certainly an advantage to know whats going on with the programs and websites the average person uses. What I find more frustrating is when people in computer science courses basically dismiss something your explaining to them to be over there heads. Defiantly not anything useful at the moment, even there example searches seemed a bit sketchy. I think it will probably be a company like Google that cracks this problem just because of the sheer data/ processing power you would need available to have a good crack at it, we are a fair way off that though. There is also the aspect of trying to catch up to Google, even if it isn't a great investment they may see it as there last real chance to catch Google. Customers probably wouldn't respond well to another rebranding in future. Theres also the emotional aspect, you'd imagine Steve Ballmer would like nothing more than to take Google down a couple of pegs. I think this seems to be aimed more at countries where the resources for higher learning are absent apart from the very rich. In those cases accreditation wouldn't be very important because the main focus would be on developing skills and the qualifications gained would speak for themselves. Although I think if it is being aimed at the very disadvantaged the fees still seem like they would hold people back. appropriate is really just anything of interest to the HN crowd i'd say. Would take a toll but it sounds like the way he works he could just randomly sleep an extra couple of hours to make up for it. The same would be true of startups that become big companies. For example I'm sure it would be a nightmare at somewhere like Google to make UI changes to the core search listings. I think someone who has worked on both sides would provide a better insight into the problems faced at large corporate companies compared to the startup environment. One of the problems I'm seeing where I go to university is that with budget cut's one of the most effected area's is course preparation. Lecturers aren't getting paid properly to update there courses and as a result are using the same or very similar lecture notes/ assignments and exams for years. Basically meaning that any innovation in the courses is coming out of the lecturers own time. A pattern emerges in that the young, recently graduated lecturers will put the extra effort in to make there subject good and the older ones by and large will just run what they have been running with for many years. Decent idea, in the same way that there is something special about a book over an eBook there is something special about handwritten notes on a big birthday or farewell card which may impact usage of something like this. Looks well done though and the handwriting like fonts may combat this. The point about how obama can claim a victory no matter what the outcome is closely paralleled here in Australia where the government has a 42billion stimulus package including giving nearly the whole population $950. They have claimed that the handouts have been effective in saving jobs despite the trend towards higher unemployment still occurring like America. It's impossible to truly gauge the effects of the handout on the economy. Sounds like the author used to be an avid gamer that has only really skimmed over modern games. Should be a compulsory upgrade, at least from IE6, not exactly like anyones using FF1 anymore, and the only usage I seen of 2 is from some machines at Uni that have had a serious lack of IT staff attention. Hmm, kinda sucks my name got taken minutes in. It would be interesting to know how many of that workforce actually work in engineering type roles. MySpace, being part of news corp, also probably has a large amount of people in traditional media content type roles. I think they have managed that side of the business well, they are certainly better at monetrization than facebook. It's just the state of there platform that lets them down. I wonder how that traffic breakdown would look if they only ever did pieces on actual news relating to twitter instead of pretty much daily news. It also depends if your trying to attempt some collaboration for a short period of time, most people would rather not have to learn a new system for a short/ small project. Everyone has an email and is comfortable with it, it may be hard to convince non tech people that a web collaboration tool is the way to go. There is a lot of upside to them, with time I guess collaboration methods other than email will become common, especially with Google Wave on the way. Reminds me of my AI class assignment last year in CLIPS. I'm guessing there taking the same concepts that have been around for a long time and applying them to a very general setting with a healthy dose of people power to constantly improve it. Now if only everyone was tech savvy we wouldn't have these problems. Microsoft would actually have to make a really good browser rather than leveraging it's near monopoly on the OS to deliver an average browser to the masses. I think thats the most it can ever really hope for without alienating it's users. I don't get why there isn't a twitter feature that allows you to use something like bbcode tags to insert a url and only leave the link name in the message. Sometimes if an application is well designed and built that can be enough. It depends on other things though, such as if the marketplace is crowded or not. Google is an example of something that won out because it was the better application, search wasn't a largely cluttered field though and they were taking a largely new angle on in. If your putting out another social networking app at the moment though it's unlikely to catch on just because it is the better designed app, just look at the troubles something as large and as well backed as friend feed is having. I'm not sure I understand the concept of all these startups with names warping the English language. There has to a be a limit to the amount of data that can be taken from what is provided to improve the effectiveness of the suggestions, I'd say there close to the point in which techniques to make sense of the data have reached there limit. The system can only be effective to a point because of the unpredictability of a user.