I got the impression from James's post that he wasn't actually "giving up" his millions, he was locking up all future profits in the business and reinvesting them. He converted HotOrNot from an S-corporation to a C-corporation. You can certainly reinvest profits from an S-corporation into the business or pay out profits from a C-corporation as dividends, but the incentives go different ways. S-corp earnings are taxed as ordinary income (none of the double-taxation of corporate profits) and S-corps can't give out different classes of shares, so there's an incentive to distribute the profits out to the shareholders. C-corp earnings are taxed once at the corporate level and then once as dividend earnings, yet they can have multiple classes of shareholders. The incentive is to build up the business and eventually seek an IPO, acquisition, or other liquidity event. It almost looks like James is positioning HotOrNot to get big and get bought. I did the first 7 semesters of my undergrad in physics, and still have a lot of friends doing Ph.Ds in physics. A bachelors in physics opens up a large expanse of possibilities - finance, management consulting, economics consulting, computer programming, high school math teacher, and of course physics grad school. A Ph.D in physics qualifies you for exactly one job: physics professor. There are far more opportunities for a physics drop-out than a physics Ph.D, particularly for someone who doesn't absolutely, positively love the subject. Is there anyone doing case studies of *unsuccessful* internet startups? The successful ones are helpful, but it's easy to fall prey to survivorship bias, i.e. there's no guarantee that any commonalities have to do with them being *successful* rather than *internet* or *startups*. A group of unsuccessful startups would be a nice control group, and maybe then we could draw some better conclusions about what makes a startup successful. And support paragraphs! Most informative, insightful comments take more than a couple of sentences. Currently, that makes them unreadable. This is a really cool idea...too bad it's over across the pond. There any gatherings like this in, say, the Boston area? In a good OS (I believe Linux qualifies), you only need to save the contents of the registers. Each process has its own address space, each thread has its own stack, and so there's no need to much around with memory beyond that. Stacks aren't actually copied around, the processor simply restores %esp and %ebp from the saved process data structure. IIR my OS design course correctly, the big performance hit is the switch from user mode to kernel mode. I'm not sure *why* that's a big hit, but it seems to be a slow operation on most processors. You can use user-mode threading libraries in C/C++, but Apache doesn't. Perhaps that's why it's slow. (The main reason it doesn't is probably that user-mode threading blocks the whole process when one thread performs IO, which obviously doesn't work well in an I/O bound application like a webserver.) There are other C/C++ webservers - like Lighttpd - that use poll/epoll for I/O. These should run even faster than YAWS/Erlang; anyone have any benchmarks to compare them? That's what PHP/MySQL are for. ;-) Many startups begin without VC funding and then take it as a mezzanine round before the IPO. They don't need the cash at that point; oftentimes, they're already profitable. But the VCs have connections to investment banks that can smooth the IPO process. Microsoft is the best example of this. I think ViaWeb may have done something similar before its acquisition. A lot of them may have been from the startup school(s). Sacca, Wolfram, and Woz were speakers at the first startup school, and the dates on the audio files are right after it. Only 1.045? ;-) Release it. I once worked at one startup that decided that their product sucked too much to even put into the hands of beta customers and went about rewriting it. The VCs canceled the rewrite 2 months later and shut the company down 6 months later. A little later, I was at another startup whose product IMHO sucks *more*. They, however, are profitable. They manage to get customers to fork over several hundred thousands dollars to use the product. There's almost *always* a buyer if you look hard enough. Entrepreneurs are usually the most critical of their own product; they ought to be, that's what makes them improve. But chances are, somebody somewhere really wants what you're making, and your job is to find them. Multiple founders != multiple programmers. Many startups with multiple founders have one founder do most or all of the programming work. As I understand it, Reddit is like this: Steve does the coding while Alexis does all the other miscellaneous work. Sun had 4 founders, but Bill Joy did the programming. AFAIK, DHH did most of the initial programming for 37signals, though they obviously have more now. Their advice (in "Getting Real") was to start with one programmer, one designer, and one person who could do swing work - a little server admin here, a little CSS work there. This also squares with Fred Brooks's advice in Mythical Man Month - a programming team should be organized like a surgical team, with one lead programmer and 5-7 people running support so he has no distractions. There're some big advantages to this structure, mostly involving communications overhead. With one programmer, you don't need to coordinate who does what. You don't need to explain what needs to be done. You don't waste time fixing broken interfaces. You can move quickly and add whatever features the customers want. I've worked for two startups that have both suffered by starting with a team of 4-5 (1 founder + 3-4 employees) instead of a single founder. It's very hard to get everyone on the same page on the requirements, particularly if the employees don't know the domain well. And when startups change direction frequently, multi-programmers tend to get demoralized (because the switching costs are higher and comparatively more effort went into the previous product), while single tech leads just throw away the old code and write whatever they need. Well, remember that he's selling bugtracking software. ;-) Many of Joel's articles are very good, but remember that they are designed to sell his product. You do need *some* sort of bug tracking system, but I've never found one that I like. I've used Bugzilla, Mantis, FogBugz (Joel's product) and reported on Jira, Sun's bugtracking system, and SourceForge, but the only one I halfway-liked was Jira. At work, I use pencil & paper along with fixing bugs as they're reported. For my startup, I'll likely roll up some custom solution, as I haven't seen anything that comes close to meeting our requirements. I'll take a second look at what's out there first, though - I've heard good things about Trac, and maybe someone somewhere has come up with a decent bugtracker. I'd amend that to "Never partner with someone who is not technically literate as you, *if* they think they are as technically literate as you or believe that technical literacy is not important." It can often be very productive to partner with someone with people skills, or business skills, or finance skills. Those things *are* important, and yet you won't have spare brain cycles for them if you're doing hardcore programming. That person just needs to realize that *you* call the shots when it comes to technical decisions. Warren Buffett's advice applies, as always. "It's not how much you know that matters. It's how realistically you assess what you *don't* know." The prequel "Built to Last", however, is great for startups. He studied "visionary companies" in that one (including HP, IBM, Merck, 3M, etc.), and includes a lot about *how* a visionary company starts. I heard echoes of Built to Last in Woz's presentation at the startup school, so it's not just old-economy companies that it applies to. "In my opinion, startup founders hit mid life crisis in their early 20s." I'd agree with that. I'm 25 and sometimes wonder if I'm over the hill. Then again, my boss in my day job (sole founder and CEO) is almost 50. So it's not *impossible* to start late. I have noticed that it makes things difficult, culture-wise. The startup I'm at has a very 9-5 culture and tends to move fairly slowly, which is frustrating for young, ambitious hires like myself. It does have customers and manages to turn a profit, but I worry that we're falling behind the technology curve and may find ourselves without customers if a major market shake-out occurs or a competitor invades. The examples given also support JWZ's theory of social software: software exists to get people (or dogs) laid. I'm the tech lead. I make all technology choices, figure out the overall system architecture, and so far have done all the programming (we may pull other founders over to some of the easier programming tasks later). I did not have the original idea, nor do I have any talent at graphics design, so I'm glad I have cofounders for that part. There's one other problem with single founders that I don't think gets enough press: When you're a single founder, it's very easy to think in terms of "You against the world", with other people being mere tools in your quest for global domination. Because, well, a single-founder startup really is you against the world. ;-) Unfortunately, that attitude can carry over into dealings with employees, investors, etc. No employee is going to give his best effort when he thinks he's just a tool for some entrepeneur's quest for world domination. When you have cofounders, there's much more of a shared sense of working towards a goal. If your smart, that'll carry over to employees too: they'll feel like they're working for the company and customers and not just for you. That kind of culture is very difficult to generate after the fact. You can start with it and lose it, but you can't start without it and hope to gain it. It's interesting that one of the more successful single founders - Bob Metcalfe of 3Com - said that the secret of his success was "giving away his company". It's that kind of attitude that you need. This article has some wonderful correlation-vs-causation confusion, eg. "Job-satisfaction levels tend to rise as the hours worked per week increase" could be better phrased as "People work more hours per day as their job satisfaction rises (but start to hate their jobs once they start working 60+ hours per week)" and "respondents who expect to remain in their current position a year from now reported higher satisfaction levels" could be better phrased as "People with low job satisfaction do not intend to remain in their current position a year from now." How about hooking up previously-successful YC entrepeneurs with new applicants? At this point, I'd value the Reddit guys as much as mentors as you or RTM (no offense). YC would then grow like a B-tree. In the beginning, all founders are on the same "page". As the page grows beyond its size limits, the page is split, successful founders are promoted up to the parent level, and there's more room to new founders at the leaves. You'd need to run it by former YC-entrepeneurs, and it'll probably be a few years until their startups are self-sustaining (or bust) enough for them to take on other projects. But if they're like other entrepeneurs at all, they'd probably love to take a role in mentoring new YC applicants. I'm curious - why is a pre-launch startup hiring a COO to begin with? Don't you have to launch in order to have something to operate? (I'm of the opinion that founders should avoid hiring anyone for as long as possible, instead bootstrapping off their own abilities until they gain some traction in the marketplace. In addition to saving money, this also gives you a better idea of precisely what you *need* so you don't hire for the wrong qualities. It'd suck to hire a COO with experience scaling Java enterprise apps to 99.9999% uptime, only to find that your actual business model demands a Python consumer webapp with few uptime requirements but massive social scaling challenges.) Second-tier university endowments and pension funds, the ones trying to catch Harvard & Amherst in endowment performance. They know that if the fund performs well, they look like a genius, yet if it fails, the poor college students and retirees are left holding the bag. The whole economy has a huge moral hazard problem. There's a reason why John Nash won a Nobel Prize. There was some study - I think it was linked to on Dharmesh Shah's blog (onstartups.com) a month or so back - that indicated the success rate for first time entrepreneurs in VC-funded tech startups was 18%. For entrepreneurs with a previous failure it was 20%, and for entrepreneurs with a previous success it was 33%. I suspect that the success rate is somewhat higher for bootstrapped tech startups, because you're given the option of failing and trying again with the same company, different idea. Usually if you fail with a VC's money, they liquidate the company. If you fail with your own, you can take the assets you have and try to redirect them to a new line of business. I thought I saw another study somewhere that said that the average number of failures a bootstrapped startup goes through is 4. That squares with the success rates for VC-funded startups above, if you assume that each failure simply means the entrepreneur tries a new idea. You have a 18% chance of succeeding on the first try, a 33% chance of succeeding by the second try (82% * 82% = 67.24% chance of failing), a 45% chance of succeeding by the third try, and a 55% chance of succeeding by the fourth try, for an average of 3-4 attempts necessary before success. More selective doesn't necessarily mean a higher success rate, if VCs can't pick the winners at a higher rate than their general frequency in the population. Wasn't there just an article on here about how VC-funded "A teams" do no better, and often worse, than VC-funded "B teams". And I thought your "Unified Theory of VC suckage" mentioned this too, though rereading it, it seems more about how VCs take winners startups and make them fail rather than how winners avoid the VCs to start with. That said, my high school math teacher and first employer was an angel investor, and he said his success rate was *well* under 10%. A lot also depends on your definition of failure. When Ludicorp shut down Game Neverending and launched Flickr, would that count as a failure? If they had taken millions in VC funding, would they have been able to shut down GNE and say "We're going to build a photo-IM client"? I'm currently working for a (profitable) startup with 4 products. Only one of them is generating any revenue. If that had been VC-funded, it likely would have been 4 separate companies, 3 of which were failures. Reading and keeping up with the news is kinda odd. 99% of what you read is absolutely useless. It will never make a difference in what you do, and you'll probably never use it. However, that remaining 1% can save you *huge* amounts of time or open up massive opportunities. Just a couple examples where procrastination has changed my life. When I was 16, my family went shopping at the Tanger 2 supermall in Riverhead NY. I hate shopping. So, I did what I normally do: I found a bookstore, grabbed an interesting book, curled up on the floor, and read half of it by the time my parents got back. On that particular occasion, the book was "Learn Java 1.0.2 in 7 days" or some other tripe like that, the year was 1997, and the Java wave was just taking off. One book led to a second and third, and then a whole shelf full, and eventually an internship at MITRE corporation. While on the job, I was asked to learn Perl. A couple years later, immediately after high school graduation, my math teacher's wife was starting a company and had an immediate need for some Perl programming. In the year I spent at that company, I got to experience a dot-com run exclusively by teenagers, 3 different business plans, all the tribulations of a startup, and eventually an ugly VC takeover. While slacking off at that company because I had no work to do, I found Fanfiction.net and the Harry Potter fandom. I read a whole bunch of fics, then my workload picked up again and I promply forgot about it. I went back to it during college, and ended up joining FictionAlley.org, which was just starting at the time. Over the 4 years that I volunteered for FA, I saw it grow from 2,000 registered users to 100,000 registered users, from one machine to three, had my first experience managing teams of software developers and got to take my first major project from conception to completion. Separate thread - at an internship after my freshman year, I was goofing off at work and reading Ward's Wiki. I ended up getting pretty involved in housekeeping there after the internship ended, and struck up a few friendships. One of them led *directly* to the startup I'm currently employed at, via a couple of internships. Now that I'm co-founding a startup of my own, I'm finding that all the different internships and threads and so on pull together. I know what to expect in terms of growing a community. I've had experience with 2-3 different technology stacks (and found they all suck ;-), but at least that led me to one I'm reasonably happy with). I know all about scaling concerns and breaking an app out over multiple boxes. I've got some experience in judging whether a business model will fly or not. (I think our business model sucks, BTW, and really doubt it'll get us off the ground, but we've gotta start somewhere.) All of this came, in some way or another, from procrastination. Incidentally, running a startup seems much the same way. The vast majority of stuff you do is worthless, but the 1% that pays off really pays off big. Unfortunately, you have no way of knowing what that 1% is until you try it. People talk about how Bill Gates got lucky with the IBM deal - the thing is, Microsoft had a zillion balls in the air at the time, and if they hadn't gotten lucky with IBM they might very well have gotten lucky elsewhere. Caterina Fake: http://www.caterina.net/archive/000965.html Probably the worst (= most overdone) business idea in the history of the planet: internet games + social networking. Well, second worst. Worst would probably be "Find gold in California." Launching within a month, hopefully. I'd really like to see more of these - postmortems for sites that didn't succeed. There's a big survivorship bias in the accounts you hear - nobody writes about their failures. We'd have a more accurate picture if we had more information about things that didn't work. Come to think of it, I wrote a postmortem for FictionAlley a couple years ago that I ought to share... Some background, since this was written for HP fandom members who already know what FictionAlley is... FictionAlley.org is the leading Harry Potter fanfiction site on the net (a category that's larger than you might expect). It was small but growing when I first joined the staff, having about 2000 registered members and roughly 30-50 simultaneous users at any given time. Over the next 5 years, it grew to 100,000 registered users and 350-500 simultaneous sessions. This postmortem's describing the project to replace the original upload system - which was basically built on hand-uploaded HTML files and off-the-shelf forum and directory software - with a more modern database system. This project wasn't really a failure per se: it's in production now, people use it, and FictionAlley's still getting 350 or so simultaneous users. However, it took much longer and was much more difficult than expected, and the final result has fewer features and more bugs than I'd like. I initially figured on 3 months to finish; it took 3 years. I dunno about that: "Write Yourself a Scheme in 48 hours" became popular within 48 hours after it was published, and I have no built-in audience. I posted it to the Haskell-cafe mailing list, someone else posted it to Reddit, and when I woke up the next morning it was on the front page of both Reddit and Delicious. It's now the top Google result for "haskell scheme" and on the front page of results for "haskell tutorial". I think the secret to getting widespread publicity is to build something that people want and are eagerly awaiting . I wrote "Write yourself a Scheme..." because I'd seen complaint after complaint about how there were no Haskell tutorials that build a practical project or deal with IO, so I started with some practical IO in the first chapter. When the tutorial appeared, it merely fulfilled a niche that everyone wanted to be filled. FictionAlley was the same way, though I wasn't around for its birth. Basically, everyone was complaining about how Fanfiction.net sucked and the servers were always down and they eliminated the forums and arbitrarily removed stories. So eventually, some of the leading members of the HP fandom said "Well, let's start our own site then." And since everyone was already dissatisfied with FF.net, it spread easily through word-of-mouth. Would you recommend a similar tactic now? Anyone want to bet that their predictions will be wrong? Depend what your goals are. Are you looking to turn a hobby into a business and grow it with minimal cost? LiveJournal. Do you want to start small and opportunistically grow the business over a long period of time? Microsoft. Do you want to change the world and change it now? Google. Are you looking for examples of what not to do? Value America, or just go work for some startup off the street. Are you looking to bootstrap a company for very little money and the flip it to an acquirer? Reddit, ViaWeb (Yahoo Store), or Vermeer (Microsoft FrontPage). The latter took VC investment, so I wouldn't really call it "very little money". Are you looking to succeed in some business, any business, and do it on a dime? Flickr. This ties in with Clayton Christensen's work in The Innovator's Dilemma and The Innovator's Solution. Christensen's thesis is basically that technological change is continuously creating Local Mins like point C, in the form of disruptive innovations. These are technological breakthroughs that target a smaller, less profitable market. Since they're less profitable, they're unattractive to established players, who're stuck at point B. However, their performance can quickly improve up to point D. As a startup, you want to enter at point C and target point D instead of going for point B. If you head for point B, you'll face the incumbents, all of whom have more resource than you. If you head for point D, the incumbents have to go down through point C in order to catch you. They won't want to do so, because it's painful for them. Best guesses: a.) Because the VCs will fire some of them b.) Because the remainder will quit over the treatment of the employees in a.) VCs often like to install their own people in key positions within their newly funded companies. Oftentimes, the people they replace are well-respected nonconformists. The replacements are well-connected incompetents. There's nothing more demoralizing than some moron in a suit taking over for the guy who's helped you a hundred times. Windows Vista. The two aren't mutually exclusive. I went to the 2005 startup school and work at an existing startup. Also, judging by the people I met at the startup school - few have an actual business with customers and such, except for YCombinator founders (in most cases, not even them ;-)). If they did, they'd probably be attending to the business instead. Many, however, had an idea for a business or a very-early-stage business (some product development, possibly a small prototype in front of potential customers). I watched the dinner and aftermath, including all the pizza prank calls and various other abuse. I didn't see an easily-accessible feedback link (note to other startup founders: include this), so I'll post my feedback here: 1. Congratulations. In two days, you have managed to create a community more fucked up than YouTube. 2. I started watching because of the outrageous stuff other viewers were doing. When you go to curb the abuse, be aware of this. Many of your viewers may be watching only because folks are doing stupid stuff like ordering pizza and making yCombinator pay for it. Lose the hassles and you may lose the audience. 3. Reality TV shows succeed because they're unreal . TV execs hype up and dramatize all sorts of conflict, because that's what gets viewers to tune in. Nobody wants to see an ordinary person's life, because it's boring . 4. Who do you want to be - Anna Nicole Smith or Paris Hilton. Your success in attracting viewers is proportional to how trashy you are willing to become. Anna Nicole Smith and Paris Hilton remain media darlings because we can look at them and think "Wow, look how pathetic they are." It makes us feel good about ourselves. Unless you are similarly pathetic, people will not want to look at you. Respectable people like Tim Berners Lee or Steve Wozniak seldom end up on the news. 5. If you are respectable and still choose to go on reality TV, you're setting yourself up to be torn down. The justin.tv tagline is accurate: "An exercise in narcissism". Narcissism is going to prompt abuse. People think that since you've set yourself up on a pedestal, you've given them an opening to tear you down. 6. I initially had logged in watch the yCombinator dinner. That proved impractical because of the technology: the audio quality was shitty, the video would randomly drop out, and you couldn't really see anything anyway. Part of the problem for attracting a decent community is there's nothing for decent people to do. That leaves it as a festival for troublemakers. 7. Have you guys not read Shirky? Almost all the problems tonight could've been predicted from his articles. http://shirky.com/. 8. Lose the arrogance. Kyle was bragging about his 1337 MIT CS skillz in the chatroom. Emmett was talking about their being only a finite number of attack vectors, and he'd have them all patched in a week. In my experience, never underestimate the clever things people will do to break your system. People will still be finding ways to abuse it a year from now, assuming it still exists. The arrogance is just an invitation for them to try harder. 9. I won't be back, mostly because this is a complete waste of time. But I thought I'd give you the courtesy of telling you why I won't be back. Posted them here: http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=5313 before this thread was open. There was a documentary done about one of the dot-com busts in 2000. I can't remember the title, but Google may be able to help you. The problem is that most of work starting a startup is boring . So either a documentary distorts what actually goes on and shows you the interesting parts (like the one above), or you lose interest and forget about it. My day basically goes: 1. Wake up. Start development VM. Check yCombinator. Reply to a post or two while VM boots up. 2. Implement a feature, or some administrative script, or setup some software package on server, while eating breakfast. 3. Go to day job. Work on somebody else's startup for 8 hours. Use breaks etc. to resource technologies I'll need for that night's programming. 3.b. Sketch out some feature longhand in a notebook on the train home. 4. Come home. Implement the low-hanging fruit that I just researched. 5. Eat dinner 6. Spend 2-3 hours working on some of the larger tasks that need doing. 7. Repeat. It's pretty productive, but hardly good TV. The documentary would basically be "Jonathan staring at computer. Jonathan staring at computer. Jonathan staring at computer." I am keeping a blog (poorly - been 2 weeks since I updated) with the day-to-day stuff. But really, that's just "Here's the challenge we just faced. Here's how we solved it. Rinse, lather, repeat." Alternate title: "How to start a pyramid scheme in 10 days" Many startups already let you do this, if you find them on launch. news.ycombinator's a good example: it was incredibly bare-bones from the beginning, and you've been able to watch it grow. If you were into Reddit at the beginning, you got to see that one evolve too. A lot of the work in starting up a startup involves mundane things like setting up servers, version control, feedback links, testing, etc. There's really nothing to see there. I'm tempted to open up my Subversion repository eventually (I started checking into svn after 1.5 weeks, when the app was basically nothing more than a login page), but I can't really do that until: a.) We've launched, so that we actually gain any of the publicity benefits of being an "open" startup b.) We have enough of a technological lead that it wouldn't be disastrous to have someone download the svn repository and immediately setup a clone. LiveJournal, for example, has gotten about zero leverage out of being open-source and had to deal with some fairly significant hassles. Cal addresses that by arranging his book in roughly the order that you should think about things. He recommends that you think about: 1. Version control 2. Issue tracking 3. One-click deploy 4. Internationalization 5. Security before you start building your application, then you build and release it, then (and only then) start thinking about: 6. Email 7. Web services 8. Scalability 9. Statistics & monitoring 10. APIs This mostly squares with my experiences (both with my own startup - currently on step 3, with 4, 5 and a launch-ready app already done - and working for others). The only changes I'd make are: 1. Move statistics and monitoring up the priority list, before launch. You want that data available to drive feature implementation. 2. I'm of two minds on internationalization. I think that most apps can wait until they're popular before they need to internationalize. However, i18n is really difficult to do later, after you've already built an app. I watched LiveJournal go through the process, and it wasn't pretty. So even though you don't need it, you may want to do it upfront because it'll be much harder later. My list, categorized: Business & Management 1. Innovator's Dilemma and Innovator's Solution by Clayton Christensen 2. Built to Last and Good to Great by Jim Collins. Built to Last is more applicable for startups. 3. Mythical Man Month by Fred Brooks. Anyone who has to manage a team of programmers and hasn't read this will fail utterly, unless they've already failed before (or been on a failing team). There's a lot that's counterintuitive about software project management. 4. Peter Drucker's work. Kinda long and repetitive, but some good insights. Marketing 1. All Marketers are Liars by Seth Godin. I like this better than Purple Cow, Guerilla Marketer's Handbook, and The Big Red Fez. Most of those have fairly obvious stuff. 2. The Tipping Point by Malcolm Gladwell 3. Crossing the Chasm by Geoffrey Moore Technical 1. Building Scalable Websites by Cal Henderson 2. High Performance MySQL by Jeremy Zawodny 3. Pragmatic Programmer by...well, it's mentioned elsewhere here. There are lots of other technical books I like, but most of them aren't directly relevant to the startup I'm building I don't know about that. I'm perhaps a bit unrepresentative since my normal job is also at a (later-stage, profitable) startup, but I found my day job is far more stressful than the startup. When you work for someone else, there are a large number of factors that you cannot control. You can't pick your technologies: you generally have to go along with what the rest of the team is already using. You can't pick your company culture: it's already been established. You can't pick your market (okay, you can't really either with your own startup). You're stuck with the existing codebase. All this is fine if you also pick up your employer's values and expectations. But I don't know any startup founder that's like this. Usually, if you're interested in starting a company, it's because you have some internal standards for the quality that you'd like your code to live up to and the ease with which users can use it. So if you're working for someone else, you can easily get stuck with your own standards and your employer's tools, and the two may not match. This is really, really stressful. When I'm working on my startup, at least I know that any problems I'm having are my fault. And I can fix them. If I don't like the quality of the code I'm putting out, I can make the call to postpone feature X and fix bug Y instead. If I find that a framework is becoming more of a hassle than a help, I can rip it out and replace it with my own code without my boss vetoing it. There's a whole other level of stress that comes from mixing both day job and startup. Right now, the most stressful thing in my life is wondering whether I should quit the day job to work full time on the startup. It's stressful because there is pitiably little information and yet it's an incredibly important decision. I won't know whether the reduced time available has caused me to miss my market opportunity until I've actually missed the market opportunity, at which point it's too late. Similarly, I won't know whether the added time pressure has made me mortgage the startup's codebase until it becomes impossible to work with, at which point it's generally too late to fix. Hah, multiple wives? You sure that's only quadratic? This is a hard question. I considered dropping out multiple times in college, but ended up sticking it out and getting my degree. I'm still not sure if it was the right choice, but it seems to be working out so far. Anyways, I have no answers, but I have some observations. One of my main fears in college was that I would graduate, take a soul-crushing job, and then lose all desire to start a startup. This hasn't happened. I still want a successful startup just as much as I did in college, or maybe even more. You're not going to stop wanting what you've always wanted just because you have a degree, a job, money, and options. OTOH, having a job and an income fucks with your perceptions a little. I was lucky (smart?) and didn't change my spending habits; over the past year and a half that I've been working, I banked close to 90% of my take-home pay. Even though I'm financially much more secure than I was coming out of college, it feels much more precarious - I've gotten used to having a certain amount of money coming in each month. Quitting my day job wouldn't be an issue if I didn't have a day job. Don't underestimate the experience you'll learn on the job. I feel like I've benefited significantly from working in somebody else's startup for a year and a half before trying my own. It also creates a sense of momentum and gets your brain in gear; you'll need all the focus you can have when starting your startup. Don't overestimate the book learning you'll get in college. Honestly, I don't think a single thing I learned in the classroom has helped me with my startup. OTOH, a lot of college learning occurs outside the classroom. My impossible quest to complete a computer science major in one semester while the department would not let me declare one turned out to be exactly what startup life is all about. There will be many moments when you have to work like hell for what feels like zero payoff. It's a good experience to really fuck up and then recover from it, because you do that a lot with startups. If you skip the recovery part in college, how do you know you'll be able to do it with your startup? Also, I met my cofounders in college. Had I left after freshman year, I would never have known them. Had I left later, I probably wouldn't have kept in touch. Probably the biggest factor in my decision not to leave is that I didn't have a clear idea what I would do instead. That's probably the biggest determinant: if you know exactly what you'll be working on instead (like Michael Dell, Bill Gates, or Mark Zuckerberg) do that instead. If you don't, stay in school, because you'll probably end up doing nothing instead, and nothing isn't a particularly good teacher. It's funny, when he describes how he wrote Apple BASIC, it's exactly how a textbook compiler implementation works. His incremental symbol table is just a handwritten DFA. Then his noun stacks and verb stacks are basically how you'd write a parser, though they're usually just generalized into a single stack for a CFG. Oh, I'm commenting on how it's interesting that he stumbled onto the standard architecture independently, managing to reinvent 15 years or so of theory (at the time) on his own. Not trying to trivialize his accomplishment at all.