Wow. These "crackpot" ideas are so 2004 (some were stupid in 2004 and are still stupid today). But I guess the enterprise hasn't gotten them yet. OKCupid is pretty cool...but I can't imagine writing web apps in C++. It just seems pointless and kinda stupid. Performance of machines is so good these days...even the slowest web frameworks in high level languages (RoR and Zope/Plone come to mind) are plenty fast enough for almost every requirement. I'm sure the guys writing it right now can do fine with the language (and it appears they've created a reasonable DSL on top of C++), but hiring competent developers to take over or help move the product forward faster will be difficult. And, of course, there's a lot of benefit to choosing languages that are already in wide use for the general task you're working on. When I want to add email capabilities to my Perl or Ruby web apps, I go to CPAN or the gems library to find a good email library. In C++, I'm not convinced I'd be able to add interesting email capabilities (receiving, parsing, sending, etc.) in an afternoon...but I'm sure I could in Perl. But maybe I'm just too limited when working in C++. "even higher", as though 61,000 page views in a day is high. That's an average of less than one page per second. 61000/24/60/60=.706 I've built embedded devices that served Perl CGI pages from an all-Perl web server far faster than that (while also doing the work it was designed to do...the Perl CGI was just the administrative UI). I'm really quite hopeful that this isn't a good example of Rails scalability (because I've been playing with Rails of late with the intent to write my next project in it). I don't mind losing some performance and efficiency to improve coder efficiency, but there is a page load time at which your customers will get bored and leave...I don't want to find out what the load time is. No, but the benches are deadly. The really good looking one is me. What? Do you think they're made of money? Paul, Trevor and Robert only got 50 million out of Yahoo. A table costs...literally hundreds of dollars! (Of course, Paul does cook the dinners himself...but there's been a disturbing trend towards pizza at events and even one of the dinners.) I'm 32 and my co-founder is the 33 year old mentioned by Paul. We're a YC this year. I didn't particularly feel like age would have played any role in acceptance (though I believe we have the most traditional business model and most traditional product in the bunch, and had Trevor and Robert not been interested it may have triggered a "no" from Paul). There are three PhD candidate founders who are probably much closer to 30 than 20, as well. Anyway, I didn't notice any particular agenda for picking younger founders...younger folks are the ones that showed up (I met all, or nearly all, of the folks who got to the demo stage in Boston..including the majority that didn't get picked). If you allow "much-needed $$$s" to determine what you work on, you'll never get your real project done. This is how consulting businesses are born (and products die). No one is asking: "How big is this share of this particular market?" That'd be my question. If these two companies are fighting for share of a tiny pie, it's just stupid. If the pie is much bigger than I believe it is, then the game for market share hasn't even begun yet. The big players haven't even really placed their bets, and that's when things will get interesting (but you have to be there before the big players if you want a chance at walking away a big winner). Anyway, it's not a market I'd want to go after, because I don't see it being big enough for so many contenders (there are others out there--it's not just these two). But then, almost no market looks big "enough" to outsiders. People are always confused when I make claims about how large our market is (niche software for a 10-20 billion dollar worldwide industry that's increasing at a couple billion per year). So, if they've researched their market and found it large enough to make for big winners in a year or two, now is a fine time to enter it. Just because you and I know all about 37signals and think they're cool, doesn't mean anybody else knows what the heck they're building. The real market (folks who aren't web 2.0 developers) hasn't even begun buying this product on the web yet, and they certainly will. Everybody has an equal chance to be "first mover" at this point. Definitely not. I don't even have a four year degree, much less one from an Ivy League school, and my co-founder went to some school in Australia that I didn't even identify on the application, because I didn't know the name and had no time to check. (Our company was in WFP2007.) But if I were offering advice from what I know today, I'd say, "Go to a famously good school. It'll pay for itself in one to five years, depending on your path after college, and after that it's all gravy." I dunno what goes into the application vetting process, but I'll give the YCs credit for being extremely fair in the interview process. I met most of the other folks in Boston for the interview process (and spoke with many of them for a lot longer than the 15 minutes the YCs did), and while most who made it that far were impressive, the ones actually picked for the program were exactly the ones I would have picked as being most likely to succeed. And, interestingly, an MIT group that I met was turned down. I started my second company in Austin...and moved it to the Bay Area for WFP2007. The Bay Area is better. And not just by a little bit. My first company was started in Houston and moved to Austin for the better tech environment, but it turns out there's just not much really going on in Austin when you compare it to Silicon Valley. A few users groups and small conferences (plus SXSW, which is worth noting) does not a tech industry make. I miss Austin for the things that make Austin wonderful, but I don't think I'll ever go there to start a technology startup (unless things change remarkably in the future). And Mountain View and San Francisco are both great places to live, even if they aren't as cool as Austin. I think I'll pass on any investment that is based on an unrelated popularity contest. Popularity of my product ought to play a role here...but popularity of a video about it? Anyway, I don't get it and won't visit again, though I think there's still plenty of room in the online video market for niche entries. I have it on pretty good authority that at least two of the three Wufoos would prefer to move back to the valley. Our company is also staying in the valley for a while...though we'll eventually need a presence back in Austin (where I moved from for WFP07), because about half of the largest companies we want to sell to are in Texas. Good luck, old-timer. You'll have to let us (Virtualmin, ages 32 and 33, WFP2007) know how it turns out. We'd enjoy not being the oldest Y Combinator founders. I hope you're working on something even more boring than system administration tools, too, so we could kill two birds (the "oldest" tag and the "most boring" tag) Get ye to the nunnery. Or, maybe a college campus would be a better place to round up a co-founder. You're gonna need one. "What's such a class other than search?" Why "other than search"? Seems to me that at least half of the reason Google won was because every other search engined was tarted up with "portal" BS. That's UI. So, since it's clear to me that search isn't one of those classes, and the examples given ("systems" stuff) is the area my startup is working in and I'm absolutely certain that UI is going to be 50% of the success or failure of our company, I'm not seeing any area where UI isn't vitally important. One of the WFP2007 groups is working on a new language for mobile app development...and they're spending plenty of time on the "UI" even in that case. UI, of course, being anything that involves a user interacting with your system. I guess someone somewhere in this thread is treating UI as "pretty things on a web page"...but UI hacking is important no matter what you're doing, if you want to sell it. You're asking "why not add complexity?" Not a good place to start. If a project needs a database you'll know it pretty quickly...and it's easy to convert to using a database at that point. The only time I've ever regretted a decision about databases was when I designed a log processor that didn't immediately have relational needs...over a couple of weeks of implementing the requirements I ended up writing a relational layer in Perl against a Berkeley DB backend. That was stupid, and I should have thought a little harder about the requirements. But it was my first big solo project, so I blame inexperience for not recognizing a relational problem from the start. Luckily, SQLite had just been released, and converting my app to use it (and losing a hundred lines of code) was a one day operation. It made the app approximately 100 times faster for my data set. But, well over half of my applications since then have not required a database and have been well-served by flat files. While I'm sure your site is awesome, the Webby hasn't been a valid measure of quality in nine or ten years. Google Checkout and/or PayPal until you handle enough volume to justify the hassle of something else. Authorize.net makes you go through a reseller, and the resellers are less competent than a poorly trained chimp. It took me two months to get through the process: "The merchant account provider needs to see your website." "OK, here it is." "No, they need to see the shopping cart." "What!? We don't have merchant services yet. We're not going to put up a shopping cart that people can't order from!" "They won't set it up until they see the shopping cart." "OK, fine. Here's the link." "They said they went to your site and didn't see a shopping cart." "I sent you a link to the shopping cart. It isn't visible on the index page yet, because we can't take orders." "Oh. It has to be the real website." "Huh? It is the real website. I just haven't linked it from the front page...we already have users, I'm not going to confuse them with a shopping cart that doesn't work." "It has to be a real website." "You're kidding, right? Just send them to this link. I'm certain they'll be able to figure things out." "OK. They said there is no terms of service or refund policy clearly linked from your front page." "We don't sell anything yet. Why would we have those things on our front page? They're linked off of the store link I sent you." (This is the second time I've setup merchant services, and I knew they would need to see those things. It's not like they give a shit what they contain...they just insist they exist.) "They have to be on the front page." And so on. I won't bother to type in the exchange we had over the resellers first attempt to actually setup the username and password, or the fact that all payment information had to be faxed in. (Yes, you read that right. The reseller for Authorize.net that we went through would not accept payment online. And the form that was online was just a ruse...they made us fill out the exact same form again and fax it in.) Next time I build a shopping cart, I'll spend that time writing a payment backend for a payment processor that isn't operated by the functionally retarded. Or maybe I'll just use Google Checkout instead, and let them worry about the banking industry monkeys. Depends on why you applied. If you applied on a "Let's see if we can convince Paul to let us come to YC Summer Camp, and maybe we'll be rich this time next year" whim with not a lot of code written...maybe you go back to school and work on other ideas. Try again for Winter with a different idea or more code and a better presentation. Or apply for a job at an existing startup. Some of the WFP guys are hiring (Parakey, Zenter, and a few others) as are the Xobni guys from last years progem--all are wicked smart, have lined up some funding, and would be very helpful to you in your goal of becoming an entrepreneur. If, on the other hand, you've already written mumble-thousand LoC, and you are within a couple of months of launching, and you really believe in your idea and product, contact some other angels and seed investors. They exist. They aren't as cool as YC, but they have money and they have connections, too. As a last resort, if you're in the wrong city for raising money (anything other than Silicon Valley or Boston), warm up your credit card and give it a go. You can live for three months on a credit card (I've done it several times...I'm on my second company, the first being self-funded and sometimes credit card funded). Obviously, if you've got a family to support the "warm up your credit card" method of funding is right out. Otherwise, just keep your health insurance current, pay your taxes, and live on nothing but ramen and buy nothing between now and launch day. If your project is too big to launch in that short time, then that's why you were rejected by YC. Winnow it down to the smallest piece that has value and launch. Our project (Virtualmin) was huge (several hundred thousand lines of code, by the time you factor in Webmin and Usermin). But we were already selling product, and figured we were within a couple of months of "finishing" the beta period (we were off by a little bit, as we're still a couple of weeks away from wrapping it up six months later--partly because of the major strategy shifts we made during WFP2007). I believe there have been a couple of others. This is probably the reason the application no longer requires an idea: YC figures if you're talented/persistent enough, you'll eventually hit on something good. PHP is pragmatic and pretty fast, but everything, everything, everything, beyond the "HTML template language" bits, are bolted on with whatever tools were handy at the moment. I'd be stunned if more than a couple hours of design work went into the object system, the type system (where == and === are used for evil rather than good), or even the standard library function names. It has some strengths: Big library (not as big or as high quality as CPAN, so if library support is what you need, go for Perl), a lot of example code (but it's mostly horrible quality...even good examples are pretty bad in spots), and really easy deployment. So, if you're building an Open Source project that you want a lot of people to use, it's a great choice--PHP is available on every hosting server on the planet. Or, if you need a "blank-plus-this-widget" you can probably find the "blank" already written in PHP and then build your "widget" on top. But, if you're starting from scratch, why commit yourself to working with a shoddy language for the months or years it'll take to finish? There are good imperative languages out there for web app development: Ruby and Python, in particular. Though the frameworks craze for these languages are partly to bridge the gap that they have with PHP (they're all missing a "view" layer for the web, because PHP is a reasonably powerful, if ugly, template system), and a lot of the other crap just makes things ugly...they get built for one particular application and then stretched for general-purpose use, and in the stretching they get a bit misshapen and hard to fit into any specific task. Anyway, Ruby and Python are pretty and reasonably consistent languages that are nice to work with. PHP is neither. Perl...well, it ain't necessarily pretty, but CPAN is hard to beat when you just want to get the job done...and you can treat it as a functional language pretty effectively, which is all the rage around these parts (and you'll probably want to after you see the bolted on object system). I find Mountain View a good fit. Close enough to investors. Far enough away from anything resembling real night-life (because I'm here to work...really, really, work). I'll move to the city when I don't want to work anymore. I'm sure the city works for some startups, but I don't think it would work for me. In WFP2007 the languages/platforms used, roughly in order of popularity) were: Ruby on Rails PHP Java Perl That's not all of the technologies used, but I think that's a pretty good representation of the mix in order of popularity (there might be a Python group in there, too, but I can't think of who). One group is writing their own language and framework (Tsumobi, implemented in J2ME), while others are working predominantly in JavaScript (Zenter) or ActionScript (Heysan) for large parts of their product and the backend language is entirely unimportant (I'm betting Zenter probably only has a couple thousand lines of server-side code, versus tens of thousands of lines of JavaScript). Actually, nearly everyone is doing some of their work in JavaScript, and it's the one language that I know I can ask any of the developers in the program questions about. They all came from TechCrunch, perhaps? Forget about C++. Learn a high level language that has the libraries you need for building an application quickly. Someone suggested Ruby, and he's not wrong. Python is another good choice, though it doesn't have an obvious "guided path to success" the way RoR works for Ruby. PHP will allow you to find a lot of potential co-founders, but it's probably not worth it...at this stage you don't have the know-how to recognize a good PHP developer, and a bad one will simply kill you (PHP is perhaps the best language for writing horrible code--the majority of stuff out there written in PHP is really frighteningly bad). That's not to say there aren't bad Ruby and Python developers...but the barrier to entry seems high enough to keep out most of the riff raff. Find a co-founder who likes your ideas and trusts you'll get up to speed on whatever bits of the equation he/she doesn't want to handle. In a startup past the very earliest "get-to-prototype" stages there's a roughly even split between the sucky non-tech stuff and the actual development...you could take the non-tech stuff and leave the hacking to your co-founder. I'm quite technical and have developed a lot of software in the past ten years, but I found an even better developer and took on the sucky stuff while leaving him to handle most of the development. It's working very well (though I often find myself wanting to get back to real "work" when I'm doing the boring accounting/marketing/taxes/funding/support/etc. stuff--I have to remind myself that if we reach our goals I'll be able to hack anytime I want, in between rides on my robotic dinosaur, of course). As others have said, it depends on so many factors. I'm still learning perl (my primary language) ten years after I started. I was writing working code in Ruby after a weekend, and I believe I could be fluent in it within a week or two of working primarily in that language. Python I've never set out to learn, but several years of working with Python projects and developers has given me the ability to patch in what I need in existing projects without a struggle (but I couldn't start from scratch). It also depends on how you learn it, and who you learn it from. The pickax book is a fantastic book for learning ruby. Same goes for Learning Perl for perl. I've never seen a similar book for Python, but one might exist? For JavaScript you cannot beat Douglas Crockford's videos at the Yahoo! Developer Network. Absolutely fantastic...taught me everything I needed to know to be productive in the language in one weekend. JavaScript also happens to be a great learning language, as it has both functional and imperative constructs and pretty simple syntax and minimal keywords. Find all of them (along with a few other good ones--Joe Hewitt's Firebug demo, in particular, is what you'll want after the Crockford vids) here: http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/theater/ They don't need to change it to do stuff that Google Presently can't...I've seen both, and Zenter kicks Google's ass. They're not even playing in the same ball park. To be blunt, Google's entry looks like it was built by people who hate presentation software. I don't blame them for hating presentation software, as I hate it, too...but if you're building it, you kind of have to empathize with your users and their needs and desires. I suspect Google is trying to do the same thing they did with GMail, which was to rethink what people wanted in email and then get to the root of why they wanted it rather than slavishly giving users what they asked for (for example, folders and filters and crap being replaced by search that's fast and works) and the traditional view being replaced by a threaded view...in both cases, it simplified the interface by removing the elements that were there for the convenience of the developer rather than the user. In the case of presentations, sure PowerPoint is bloated and stupid, but people still want their presentations to look good. Now, of course, it's possible that Zenter will get side-tracked by some of the incredibly clever bits (and there are some scarily clever bits in there) and forget to launch before five other worthy competitors enter the field. But if they get out there first (Zoho Show doesn't count...it blows), they'll do great. To expand on this...an angel or series A round is not the end of your business, it's just the beginning. Cash can't tell you what to spend it on. You're going to need more people...possibly a CEO, probably a CFO within a year, a good accounting firm, sales people if you're in B2B, a PR firm, big customers willing to try your buggy beta software, etc. Knowing who to call on is part of what smart money can bring to the table. (You're on your own for legal...you can't share a lawyer with your money people, if you want to be able to trust things to shake out nicely. Like good fences make good neighbors, the same is true of good lawyers between money and businesses.) This is good advice, despite the down-mods. Google is a great place to learn a few things, make contacts, and find your co-founders. You shouldn't stay too long (a year or so), but there's a lot of much worse paths you could take. Don't spend too much effort on it though...the interview process can really suck up a lot of time (I know because my girlfriend works there), and if you aren't really Google material (don't have a proper degree in your area of interest, for example) your odds of getting hired are low...particularly given your inexperience. I've received a recruitment letter from Google due to some projects of mine on the web, but I suspect I wouldn't actually get hired. Luckily, I already know what I want to do in California, so I don't need to work at Google while I figure it out. ;-) You're still missing the point. Joins and sorting and grouping in SQL are what you use to populate the real data structures. Whether you know it or not, in all but the most simplistic CRUD application, you've gotta write code to deal with all of those data structures. The database is always in addition to that complexity. The argument being made is that you can leave out the database entirely in some environments, and not add that complexity. The entirety of this thread is questioning the pervasive use of databases in web applications. There are some where it makes excellent sense (accounting, CRM, ERP, the stuff that's been the strong-hold of Oracle and SAS for years). And others (wikis, blogs, forums, photo galleries, etc.) where it may not make good sense, because you introduce hundreds of unnecessary operations and significant additional database support code. That's not to say a database is never the right solution for these problems (when your problem starts looking relational, you should start looking at relational databases, because your Ruby or Python or Lisp implementation is going to be worse than what PostgreSQL or MySQL have). And, as someone else mentioned (but got modded down)...when you start building your own flaky transactional layer, then it may be time to consider a database that has good transactions support. others have summed it up pretty well, with the "no false positives" perspective. But, I will play devil's advocate and say: Make sure you aren't just looking for "someone like me", and finding no one measures up. I've noticed this in some younger founders...there's a pair of folks who are nearly identical in skills, history, and goals, and this is not necessarily a good mix for success in a startup. They get along great, but they aren't a good team. You both need the same drive to build something great. But you need to have different skills, different areas you enjoy working on. If you don't, you'll fight over the mythical bike shed and the hard solitary work won't get done. And there's a lot of hard solitary work in a startup. "should I just admit defeat?" Definitely. It worked out great for Larry and Sergey to shoot that search horse and move on to empty pastures where nobody else was grazing. Of course...sf0 has been around for quite a long time. I'm not convinced there's a business model there. The design also needs to take into account that the vast majority of customers for a memorial site will be older folks (I've seen enough memorial services being planned to know that it's the grandmothers and great aunts that do the work...everybody else is too wrapped up in their own grief to get anything done...maybe this is just in the matriarchal south, but I suspect it applies across the country). That's a really hard market to design for. But, craigslist has shown that if you take a newspaper product and dump it onto the web with a perfect implementation (say what you will about craigslist and how ugly it is...but it's a beautifully functional ugly that's a joy to use), you'll get lots of users. Every day there are thousands of obituaries published. The paper gives you three or six or whatever lines for free, and you can pay for bigger ad-style layouts. Just like classifieds being really cheap for a few lines, but getting more expensive the more copy you write, you can remove the expense of extra copy and adding pictures. So, taking something that's currently inconvenient (call the newspaper, spell the name three times, struggle with the family about who gets listed under "survived by", since you're running out of words, etc.) and making it convenient and free sounds like it'd be a winner. It's the "free" part that makes it hard to make money on. Who wants ads for home mortgages and crap all over their grandfather's obituary? But I dunno if people will pay for it. Our company is among the oldest, if not the oldest, funded by YC with 32 and 33 year old founders. We are both hackers. I learned today that Joe Hewitt is getting close to 30 (and he thought he was the oldest of the bunch before today). Also, Paul has mentioned several times in the past that the mean age of the companies they fund is climbing, and he's thinking 24-ish is the right age to start thinking seriously about a startup (finished school, had a real job for a while, so you know how much it sucks to work for someone else). Most of the founders who were in WFP2007 are hackers. Some are more hackery than others (it's a quite wide range...some are famously good hackers, while others have only picked up a programming language, probably PHP, in the past year or two). But, even the ones that aren't hackers by nature have become hackers, to some degree, during the program...in this early stage, it's the biggest part of the work that needs to be done. When you have a launched product, the job becomes more diverse and other skills become as important as hacking, but before that, if you aren't able to contribute code or design, you're probably not serving your team very well. Some good groups were there today. Most of the ideas are solid and the teams seemed pretty smart. Of course, in some cases, I don't believe a two or three man team could possibly pull it off...or even get to a prototype in 3 months with 15-20k. That's something to be cautious of...over-reaching is far more likely to kill you than being too humble about what you can achieve. Agreed. Hotmail is a great one. Levchin/PayPal is also very informative. Woz is more lovable than I ever knew. Ars Digita is an excellent case study in horrible outcomes (everybody came out rich, but still, it sounds ugly and painful). Joe Kraus of Excite/JotSpot is always interesting, and I read anything about him I come across...he's like a perfect study in how to keep your head in a startup. Paul told me to come here. I do everything Paul says. I'm not sure why I'm not rich yet. Sorry, this is just wrong. There's so much in C++ that is specific to C++ that it doesn't even begin to make sense. If you want someone to learn OO, send them to Ruby or Smalltalk. If you want them to learn about performance and deep machine magic (pointers and such), send them to C. In either case, they can learn what they need to know without getting bogged down in a really obtuse pile of bolted-on features and syntax. It's not a bad systems language, but it's not a learning language and never will be. And the whole "you'll never be able to blah blah" crap is just a hugely stupid idea. Don't think of your learning process as preparing to do something. Pick a project and start working on it--Open Source gives you access to millions of lines of code. There is no better way to learn to program than through working on programs. Be useful as soon as you possibly can, and you'll find that people are willing and eager to help you learn, because they see that the better you become the more useful you are to their project. What's wrong with this sentence: "YCombinator Clone in Vienna, Austria launches!" Hint: It's not in the first, second, third or sixth word. You're missing at least 50% of the value of Y Combinator by being outside of a startup center, probably more. Can a successful startup happen outside of the Valley? Sure...but you're definitely hurting the chances of success by a significant degree. "where every resource you could need for a business is constrained" Every resource except: Money. The Valley has money like you wouldn't believe. Everything worth anything gets funded. If you can pull out a nice demo and sign on a few paying customers, you will get money--more than enough to make up for the cost of living. People who understand what you're doing. There are dozens or hundreds of "startup" attorneys here...and nowhere else. There are dozens or hundreds of "startup" accountants here...and nowhere else. There are always events happening that will bring you into contact with other entrepreneurs. I've started a company outside of the valley (started in Houston and moved to Austin, which is no slouch as far as technology goes) and I've started one in the valley. The valley is better. I'm experimenting with Erlang for a hosted product we're developing. But our shipping product is mostly perl with some Java, bash, and JavaScript. You're over-estimating how much time they can spend on each of the written applications. There were hundreds. I was impressed to learn that Paul personally speaks to each group that makes it to the interview, but is not accepted into the program. He does just what you're asking: explains why the group wasn't chosen and what they can do to improve the odds in the future or with other investors. And, as another response to your post mentioned, there is no benefit to YC to enabling groups to game the application process. Everything, everything, everything you need to know about the process has been documented by Paul and many of the groups who've been through it (both accepted and declined). But I'll sum up: Build something people want. You need to prove you're building something people want. A "proxy for demand" is necessary if you're inventing something new, or evidence that users want what you're building rather than your competition if it already exists. Be capable of building what you say you want to build. Link to a website or product that's in progress, or at least a website or product that you've built in the past. I get the impression from my brief exposure to the process that one of the more frustrating things for YC is seeing a smart group with a good idea, but without the obvious ability to execute. This is why they've discontinued requiring an "idea" on the application. Just prove that you and your team can build great things. If you don't have that evidence...why would they choose you when there are dozens of groups that do have evidence of building great things. This isn't school where each project stands alone. Show them your track record. There's space for it on the application. That's pretty much it for the early process. Then you've gotta pull off a demo for the interview day, and show extreme passion for building a business. Very few no-demo groups make it into the program, and I believe the percentage is shrinking (and I suspect the ones that do get in without a demo have a long and fancy track record--I bet Zenter would have been in no matter what because they have a kick ass track record of building things people want, but they also had a killer demo that they'd built in the weeks prior to the interview). It can be partly mocked up, or carefully orchestrated to avoid the bugs, but they'll see through wholly fictional demos so don't try to fool them--these aren't your typical non-technical investors. The hits: Buchheit Levchin Partovi brothers Graham McAdoo Recent founders panel (just the end bit where Alexis beautifully zings Paul, but you need to see the slides...I dunno if they're available) The misses (misses because I expected a lot more from these guys, not necessarily because these were worse than the rest of the non-hits--both really smart guys with a lot of success under their belt): Kapor (should have been half an hour, like everyone else) Zuckerberg (age discrimination isn't really something useful to learn, as we all probably have enough of that built right in) Though, I might say that if you do watch one of the misses, you need to watch the other. They're like Olbermann and O'Reilly squaring off on issues like hiring, firing, employee selection, etc. By the time you suffer through both talks you might have a balanced view. From the 06 batch I vividly remember Kraus, Graham, and Fletcher being fantastic. Kraus and Fletcher are always worth listening to. Most investors do not invest in competing or significantly overlapping companies. There are a few exceptions (Ron Conway), but it's rare enough that they feel like making that clear on every possible occasion. The "Over 1000 Users!" thing actually looks like it could be on the BaseCamp website. It's the bright pastel highlight thing before it was hip. I agree we can learn something about design from the whole thing. The simplicity means that it holds up strikingly well. The only thing that really dates it is the image buttons and image bullets. Nice job, Paul, or whoever did the design. It's really very nice. And #4: ideas are worthless. Because you shouldn't be an individual if you're starting a company. Didn't Paul tell you you need a co-founder? Seriously, if you're a one man shop and happy about it, just file an LLC with your state. It's cheap ($200-$400 depending on state) and will protect you from any legal stickiness if one of your customers decides to get nasty because your app lost their data or you find yourself on the wrong end of a copyright lawsuit. It may be unlikely, depending on your business, but it doesn't take long, and the requirements are quite low. If you're not really serious about starting a business at all, then, don't worry about it at all. Go get a job working for someone else and work on your projects as a hobby. Holy crap, I hope not! Amateurs. I could do it with a single Nintendo Wii.