I have done it up to maybe 75% from time to time. Most of what I do is in ssh sessions to other systems in Xterm windows, so that's easy to do in console especially with tmux. I read my email in a terminal as well. I still need a web browser mostly for administrative stuff at my office that is only provided with a web interface. Exactly. A snapshot is a point in time on the storage media. It allows you to make a backup as if the backup occurred at that point in time, i.e. files are not changing while the backup is running. A snapshot is not a guarantee that any particular file is consistent with the state of the application that is using it. It's still a backup of an "open" file with all the potential issues that implies. One concern with a very small phone is that it necessarily has a very small battery. If you can charge frequently, or you only use the phone for an occasional text message it may be OK for you, but if you're checking it every few minutes and active on social media you'll likely not be happy with it. The emissions weren't so pleasant, however! Thicker would not be an issue for me (up to a point). Especially on a very small phone. Would probably make it easier to hold. Run a tmux session, then you can scroll back as many lines as it preserves (configurable). The point is, that if you demo something and it's perfect, someone in the room is more than likely going to opine about a way it could be even better. Likely not another dev, but a product or biz person. Even if you deflect by saying "that wasn't in the story, but we'll add it to the backlog" that still takes time and unnecessary discussion. If you leave or introduce some trivially fixable but noticable flaw in the demo, that will (hopefully) get noticed and everyone can feel that they are doing their jobs without needing to make up something. Try to think about a way your product (or at least a minimal version of it) could work without "user management." Sounds counterintuitive but sometimes it is a requirement that has never really been thought about, just assumed to be necessary. Industrial waste incineration is not at all the same thing as burning trash in a backyard fire. That's good to know. My impression was based on other comments I had read (in particular about the Unihertz Jelly) and it seeming to make sense intuitively. That's why we dropped it. It just got to be too expensive. Yes you got access to their support knowledge base, which was sometimes helpful but if you did a little work you could almost always find the answers elsewhere. The main thing I liked about RHEL was its stability. Not a lot of churn, and for running any other vended software, support for RHEL was never a question. Converted everything to CentOS. When Red Hat killed that distro, that was a bridge-burning event. We use Ubuntu now. > Most cargo revenue come from transporting freight in the holds of passenger jets. Is this really true? DHL, FedEx, and UPS (and Amazon?) all operate their own freight aircraft. There are also contract freight operators. Most major airports have an entire area that is exclusively for freight operations. Yes some freight does go in the holds of passenger jets, but is it "most" or even close? Instead it was literally about spiders. Often, just changing the user agent string so that Firefox appears to be Chrome will let those sites work. I.e. they work fine in Firefox, but are restricted by user agent string checks to reject that browser and/or OS. There are several plugins for Firefox that make this easy. They don't always say "go get chrome" but one example that still happens to me is logging in to Outlook email at work, if I use Firefox I get a hobbled "basic HTML" interface, if I masquerade as Chrome on Windows I get the full UI and it all works perfectly. Google drive is another one, where some things stop working depending on the user agent I'm presenting. There was WordPerfect for unix back in the day as well, I used it at work in an HP-UX environment. I don't know if it was ever available for Linux. I was in college in the latter half of 1980s. Computers were very much in use at the time for writing papers, and some classes required them for other work. Students were not expected to actually own one, however -- they would go to labs around campus which were basially just rooms full of PCs loaded up with all the common software. Computer Science courses generally just required a remote dumb terminal, such as a VT100 or ADM 3a. These were available in a few rooms around campus as well. Yeah, I saw that too, and thought he probably uses a speech-to-text approach to drafting his articles. That seems like the sort of mistake speech recognition would make. But it could also be auto-correct or even a real typo. > Most of these administrative roles are not optional (at least not if you don't want to get sued. They are mostly not optional if you want to receive federal funding. There are some small colleges that are totally private, do not take government funds, and so don't have to implement and administer many government regulations. Seems that you might invest in companies that provide things that retired boomers will be buying? > the days are long gone when an ordinary engineer needs to study algorithms in depth Except to pass the interview screens at high-profile tech companies? Every day I look at the things that I'm ready to do, and choose the one that I like the least, the one that's least fun — the task that I would most like to procrastinate from doing, but for which I have no good reason for procrastination. I'm not sure I've seen this approach to combating procrastination before. I can see how it might work: once you've completed the thing you least wanted to do, you might feel relief that the distasteful task is done and you can then dive into other stuff without that nagging you in the back of your mind. I think I will give this a try... I think this is generally good, unless your database treats NULL and '' as the same thing.... e.g. Oracle. Shades of Andromeda Strain Indeed. So many things that would have killed off our ancestors are now surviable and managable today, it seems likely to me that we are probably "de-evolving" i.e. more and more undesireable traits are surviving and being passed along to our offspring. Yes, but a person can write a paper just as well in Wordperfect 5 as the latest Google Doc or Office365 Word. How many millions of dev-hours have been expended on stuff that fundamentally doesn't do anything new ? Edit: saying they don't do anything new isn't right. They do, especially with regards to collaboration. What I really mean is that they don't make the essential task -- the actual writing -- much easier. That's still human/mental work. Once you have come up with the words, putting the words into a document is the easy part. Yeah but for functioning economies, you can expect a recession every 10-20 years, with smaller corrections more often. I remember the talk about "stagflation" in the 1970s, though I was too young to really understand it. The boom economy that started in the 1980s crashed in 2000. I remember that well as I lost my job. In 2008 I was working in the public sector and my employment was unaffected, I also didn't have any mortgages with stupid terms, and didn't need any of my retirement investments yet so I just rode that one out. So a recession in 2022, especially given the past two years, is maybe a bit early but not really surprising. After having to deal with all the stuff my parents left behind I swore to myself that I would not do the same thing to my kids. It's easy to say "just throw it out" but so many items have nostalgia and memories attached. Yet if I hadn't had to sort through it all, I never would have missed that stuff. I need to get on it. I'm not getting younger. Are you required to know the vehicle code to qualify to operate a bicycle on the roads? If they are legally "road vehicles," why not? Steve Jobs said almost the same thing about the Segway. He said it we would design cities around it. How often do you see one in use? The reality is that most people don't like to cycle. They like to drive. They like to be protected from the rain, cold, heat, and other vehicles as they move from place to place. Especially if they have kids, or elderly passengers, or have to move stuff with them, or have to travel any appreciable distance. eBikes are good for out-of-shape people who think they want to start cycling, and not much else. Don't overlook survivorship bias. There was plenty of cheap junk being sold 50 years ago. I'd say pretty much yes. If the file name is the "key" then most languages have straightforward ways to create and delete files, read data from them, and write data to them. I've found books surprisingly hard to get rid of. Local recycling center doesn't take them, and they are pretty heavy so you can't set out a big bin full of them for trash collection. Used bookstores are extremely picky about titles, authors, and condition. Listing and selling on eBay is not worth the time for the tiny amount of money you may make, and most of them don't even sell. I mostly just end up throwing them away a few at a time. > what happens if we can no longer trust the American tech platforms with our data I'm not sure why anyone with "national security" concerns ever trusted American (or anyone else's) tech platforms to begin with. Everyone spies on everyone, and many current alliances are not even 50 years old---a blink of the eye in historical perspective. Even if some other nations have "better" privacy laws than the US, those are only laws. They can be changed rather quickly if the political winds start blowing differently. Use an ad blocker. I use ublock origin and don't see any ads on old.reddit. Yeah I think it's the ultimate end of all social media, excepting forums that are aggressively moderated to stay on topic. I'm on a few email lists that are moderated this way. Any tangents into politics and memes are killed immediately, even neutral off-topic stuff is discouraged. Usenet is dead. Reddit, Facebook, Twitter are dying. Something will take their place, become popular, and it will eventually die for the same reasons. I'm on Android, and would possibly use this. Would your app work for tracking the Starting Strength program (3x5 sets 3x/week, not 5/3/1) or is it very exclusive to 5/3/1 tracking? I know exactly what you're talking about with community-killers. They don't really violate any explicit rules but they poison every thread with endless argumentation and always having to have the last word. I'm on a forum where such people are given two-week bans to start, and eventually perma-bans if they persist. It works pretty well but they will often return with a new account and start over. Moderation is endless work if your community is attracting new users to any degree. They offer one-time backup codes that can be used if a device is lost. I'm not sure if this is Google or the site, but for every login where I've set up Google Authenticator I have copied the backup codes to my password manager for that account. I'd agree that a lot of people might not do that however. That's not a gun crime (at least on the part of the kid) it's an accident. Kids die in accidents, it's a very sad reality. It might well be negligence on the part of the parents or whomever let the kid gain access to the gun though. Is it time to spin up http://fuckedcompany.com/ again? Sysadmins? These were photographs. Film and paper. Many people had to make the choice of being fired if they refused the vaccine. I'm not sure that is "being conned" more like being coerced. Even though some employers have walked back or not followed through on those threats, employees had to make the choice without benefit of that hindsight. I don't know about the support network for your condition but surely there are some? I'm making an assumption, but you write as if you are trying to manage things all by yourself, which is commendable but perhaps making things more difficult than they need to be. Are you working with any kind of local autism support group? I would hope there are some resources to help people such as yourself navigate the difficulties with finding employment. And there are some employers who specifically want to hire in this area. Maybe you just need help with connecting to the right opportunities? I voted very good. Life isn't perfect but it never is. I'm healthy, employed, have a nice place to live and enough income and time to indulge in some hobbies and personal growth stuff. > an automated system could broadcast the planned-routes of dispatched priority vehicles to every autonomous car in the city, allowing the autonomous cars to preemptively clear paths, before it even becomes an issue of local-reasoning about an exceptional-situation These cars can barely drive themselves with hyper-accurate maps on a sunny day without any surprises, and we want them to receive and evaluate emergency dispatches from some central system that doesn't yet exist, and respond accordingly? I think we're a ways away from that. Some people say that's how you should aways answer. Someone asks "how are you" and you should answer "fantastic!" or something similar. You say it and you will start to feel it, so the theory goes. I'm not sure it works. I usually say "I'm good, how are you?" and I think the over-the-top replies sound phony, but I haven't really tried it. Obviously a few have, as they are available online. I would guess the vast majority have not. One of the linked stories in that Reddit post describes how many of them were burned or shredded in the 1990s. Nobody was mass-digitizing old paper records back then, storage was too scarce and too expensive. There was no S3. The bottom is where most people are. The spending of the 1% isn't really driving inflation of consumer goods and food, it's the spending of the bottom 80% who have extra cash from recently higher wages and stimulous checks. There isn't a job around here that pays less than about $15/hr now, even entry level McDonalds is paying 16 year-olds that. That's a lot more, almost double what they were paying pre-COVID. You can't run away from the real economic value of goods, services, and labor. If the working poor are now making more than they used to for doing the same work, prices will inflate until they consume about the same percentage they did before, because the economic value of their labor has not changed. If you want to help the poor in the long run, you can't just pay them more money for the same work, you have to find ways to make their labor worth more.