This is good advice for a novice, but I have to say from my experience I pretty vehemently disagree. I suppose there's a sort of spectrum of programmer personality types that may help to explain the disagreement. Please forgive me of I am prone to hyperbole in my description. One type of programmer says "never rewrite a function if it exists in a library". They do this in part because they are not confident in their own abilities (see disclaimer about hyperbole), and generally trust code if it's written by somebody else. Another type is more of a cowboy. The cowboy wants to write everything from scratch, for the opposite reasons - because they don't trust code not written by them. Someone who reliably adheres to only one of these extremes at all times is probably not a good person to work with. However, both of these motivations do have some basis in fact and practicality. On the one hand, use of libraries gets the job done quickly and can save you some headaches. On the other hand, there are some pretty bad to horrible libraries out there, many of them quite popular; introducing dependency on the library can add considerable complexity, code size, and weaken your own "whole-program" understanding of what's going on. I'd say that being distrustful of dubious library dependencies is a good thing. In practice, even your libc is not necessarily going to be as well maintained as you suggest. The people who maintain such libraries might not have the motivation to do the sort of periodic performance tweaks and updating for the current era that you ascribe to them. They might have a working implementation and decide to stick with it as long as possible. (In my experience this is more common than your rosy picture.) That's fine for them but it doesn't mean the library will work for you, or help you meet your performance goals. One problem with your side of the spectrum is that the people who write the libraries aren't always perfect or even good authorities. You have to know when to let go of your trust in them. And especially, if I really need something to be faster and it's something that I can spend a few hours on, benchmark, and either decide to take or maybe just revert and go back to the library... Well then yes, I'm going to take a crack at it. One can always revert it later. > standard library functions as often as you think -- you're wrong. I know for certain that Linux, Windows, and Solaris all receive continual updates for new hardware platforms for their standard library. Well I was actually speaking from experience here. I might be more willing to believe you for something like memcpy(), but as an example (and the one I was thinking of), the Windows CRT is generally in pretty poor shape. I've also seen some crufty things in libc trees from some of the *BSDs. I'm not certain he had another metric in mind, but it seemed plausible that he may be suggesting that test score performance did not actually increase after No Child Left Behind, or that an increased emphasis on test scores in the last decade had not had a positive measurable impact, even on an imperfect measure like test scores. I don't know what the actual data say but it seems like that was the avenue he was going down. I do think it was a mistake for the parent to refer to it as "petty". Maybe some of it is petty, but a lot of it are valuable skills that you learn on the job . But that is the key phrase, "on the job". I know I personally didn't go to school to fit all these check boxes. It seems like a poor choice to me that you and your classmates would (1) enter into a CS program without much interest in CS, then (2) blame the field of study for not being interesting to you. I for one am glad I got a CS degree (for the CS degree's sake) and thankful for what I was exposed to in those years. These other check boxes? Sure they are valuable. That's what my first job was for. I'll agree that WinRT is not complete, but that's hardly COM's fault. The real story is that they thought they could replace decades of development platform evolution in a 3 year development cycle. And even in that 3 years, they didn't think things through very well, or make many attempts to learn from history. With that I would disagree that it's a good/bad, .NET/COM axis. Many programmers are productive with Win32 and COM in ways that they are not with WinRT. I did work in a Sinofsky org. I was an individual contributor and didn't have a flashy title. What I saw was a man that maintained a sizable gap between reputation/rhetoric and reality. The man who supposedly cleaned up Windows did so largely by taking credit for the work of COSD, which he didn't run. For all he would amusedly repeat the phrase "don't ship the org chart", we pretty much ... shipped the org chart. During the big re-org he seemed very precise about getting a fixed number of reports on each team and having a constant tree height in all parts of the org chart, but during the (overly long) planning phase and during development he never seems to have asked the right questions of the folks doing the Modern UI or WinRT, such as "dude, what the fuck are you building?", or "does this shit make sense?" He empowered what is in the end a very dopey PM organization. He and his people would also veto stuff if it depended on non-Sinofsky divisions. He was also a staunch advocate of not doing things right the first time, and letting it become someone else's problem in a future release. I also recall he wrote in a blog post that it should be expected that people in their early 20s work unreasonably long hours and have no social life, and that expectation was clear if you looked at the rank and file of many important teams: lots of kids right out of college doing the work that you'd expect someone more experienced to have some role in, or at least mentor; I saw a fair number of regressions and crappy features result from this approach. Years ago some commenter on the "Mini Microsoft" blog called him "The George W. Bush of Microsoft". I tend to agree. It's been some years since I read it so perhaps my memory is hazy. This is the part I found most objectionable: > In other words, no matter how many hours you are officially supposed to work when you are new you will put in a lot more to get those projects done. That is ok. No, that is expected because you are going through the learning phase. Your learning is not happening on a practice field but is happing in the big show. So the extra hours and effort are worth it to you and the team. Then later: > Microsoft will feel a lot like college in terms of the hours you put in and the environment you work in. It will be fun. It will mean late nights. It will mean "hanging out". All of those same things. That was my experience and when I look around I see the same thing happening now. Even though your excerpt makes what I would call a more correct point, I still think the above is uncool. Reading it several years ago put me off severely and coming back to it I still think he was wrong to put it that way, even if he partially redeems himself later. I read it as "it's OK and good for low-paid college grads to overwork themselves, but later you won't want to do that." The complaint about typedefs and Win32 is kind of odd. These are style choices that libraries and large projects should be entitled to make. I used to work at MS and grew very comfortable (and appreciative) of the stylistic choices in the NT kernel (distinct from the Win32 style, one key difference is much less Hungarian notation). But I can jump back into more typical-of-*nix styles with ease. Or the more Win32 style if preferred. I think it's important to see the merits and drawbacks of various style decisions in a non-judgmental fashion, and be able to switch back and forth depending on the code base you're working in. It's a mistake to confuse style and convention with "not being real C". Different doesn't mean not real. Less legacy, eh? Well, I guess there has been less emphasis on compatibility throughout the years, but NeXTSTEP is older than Windows NT... You must be thinking of the POSIX subsystem. NT's design was meant to have several personalities, of which Win32 was one, OS/2 was one, and POSIX was one, supposedly on equal footing. The POSIX subsystem still exists, I believe you can get it by the control panel under "Programs and Features", "Turn Windows features on or off", and when you check the box it directs you to a website to get GNU tools to run on top of it. (This part used to come from a company called Interix, acquired by MS in '99 according to Wikipedia.) I felt NT was an apt comparison because not only is it the basis for the current Windows, it also was their first 32-bit offering, i.e. where stuff got serious. 16-bit Windows was a fairly different beast. 9x was certainly influential but (1) is now dead and (2) came after NT, borrowed lots from NT in the beginning. In light of this, drawing comparisons between 1.0 and Win8 doesn't seem all that appropriate to me. Is it me or is publishing a list like this a bad idea? I'm thinking these 50+ (or maybe the first few, since people generally stop reading or get lazy) will be flooded with requests, thereby decreasing the odds that they'll actually pay attention to yours. Basically I read it as "quick fix! get publicity here!" which is probably not a great attitude to encourage. My point was the legacy is there and it's pretty large, should not be understated. Apple may not care so much about compatibility between releases or with NeXT binaries from 1987 (though I don't think Windows code from '87 works so well on NT either), but the old code is there and if your argument is that sort of thing doesn't help binary compatibility, then that's a problem. I was making my point in shorthand fashion, so I didn't even touch on Mach which is very old as well. People have this impression that OS X is flashy and new and immune to or not experienced in code rot, and I didn't think it rings all that true. The asynchronicity stuff has made it into many a presentation, but it's not really about that. If it were all about async maybe someone can tell me why they're not allowing I/O completion ports and APCs. It's about not trusting developers, and rooted in an overreaction to the perceived problems in the existing Win32 ecosystem. You can do async I/O with Win32 just fine, but Microsoft now believes you're too stupid to do it. Also, there is a port of sqlite to WinRT. In 2000, someone gave me a 386 desktop that they were about to throw out, and I ran OpenBSD on it until 2005 or so. (I was a student, so getting new hardware was more of a big deal then.) To get it working I had to recompile the kernel (which I did on a "more capable" Celeron 366) without support for newfangled hardware such as USB and PCI in order to have enough memory to boot and log in in a tolerable amount of time. (Otherwise too painful due to swap.) So I was pretty grateful at the time that it was still working, even though what I was doing was, now I can say with the benefit of hindsight, pretty crazy. Can someone put a moratorium on startup names that end in "-y" or "-ly"? After a few of these it gets irritating. Maybe the next one will be called "obnoxiously". Got some downvotes pretty quick. Didn't expect such a negative reaction so fast. I'm relatively new on this site; now I have some idea of how well the HN community takes this kind of humor. So thanks. To be clear my comment was meant to be taken as a joke, not meant to be hostile. This is what bothers me about a lot of programmer communities these days. What is a very mundane detail of K&R legacy, that C programmers know very well either from looking at old source trees or making sense of error messages, suddenly turns into something where 116 people (current stack overflow +1 count) are totally amazed and breathless that they've discovered something deep. I suppose it's fair if they just don't know C, so they've not seen it and find it interesting, but could this person's dilemma not be resolved with a simple google search? Or even taking a guess? Is it me or was that some pretty fast turnaround? Kudos to you, sir. I'll agree that JNI is inelegant, but having recently written a small amount of JNI glue with the NDK for a hobby/side project, I have to say, once you get going it won't be a big deal. If that's really the only barrier to an Android port, I say bite the bullet, sit down and do it. Having worked in a large C code base that was occasionally tainted with this approach (rooted only because people have been told to avoid goto as dogma), I have to say that goto is a better approach to emulate try-finally or RAII in C. For one, the goto will read better as a single piece of prose, there will be no need to glance over at some other function to see the free call. Second, let's say your function has 2 allocations and a lock acquisition - that means your cleanup function needs a pointer to each, usually done with parameters. Add an extra allocation? New parameter to the cleanup function. This gets messy, fast, in a way that the goto does not. I personally consider myself a Biden fan. I have witnessed him talk sense on a number of issues in ways many politicians do not. (Example: several statements on Iraq, from before it was common in US politics to think that war was a bad idea.) The "Biden is dumb" narrative IMO mainly comes from DC-based press that exaggerates gaffes (real and perceived) and tends to blindly re-state existing DC press narratives. I think the real story here is that US senator is not a good qualification for understanding crypto or technology as a whole. I don't believe that Biden inserted this language out of maliciousness. So our task then becomes to educate our representatives, or if it gets to that point on a single issue vote them out, though my impression is that Biden's opponents are also unlikely to understand crypto or do anything different about what is honestly something of a fringe issue - my vote this year was certainly not about sound crypto policy, and I doubt yours was either. In some circles this isn't a popular sentiment, but rest in peace, netbook. Put a minimal Linux distro and a light X setup on it and you've got a very usable machine for ~$300 or less. I guess when my current one breaks I'll have to resort to Debian arm on an android tablet, or similar. After reading this thread I can't get them out. Thanks. > The only need might be some bit-banging code for interfacing with external hardware. Atomic primitives are another reason to do inline assembly, though since recent GCC (and probably LLVM - though I haven't looked into it) provides CPU-agnostic atomic ops this isn't as big a deal as it used to be. (C++11 also probably would help, though I'm not sure how the adoption has been in mobile SDKs.) Pretty sure inline asm is also still common for SIMD ops. Although the sane approach there would be to have a generic C implementation to fall back on if there is no optimized one present. > in California you can show someone the door because they hum out of tune if you want, Really? So you can show them the door for anything then? In California, can you fire someone for their racial background? For their gender? For their age? Religion? Family status? I suspect a lot of this thread is just a bunch of software types pretending to know what the law is (myself included). Best advice on this whole discussion: talk to a lawyer. As someone who's happy writing C, has written a lot of C at work and at home, I have to say "C fad" sounds a bit weird. What I see talking to people and looking at forums (this one for example) is the exact opposite of a C fad. Frankly I wish it were the other way. I encounter fewer and fewer people with C knowledge, and especially fewer people who say they are happy writing C. New college grads sure as hell don't graduate in large numbers knowing C, even if a good chunk of them can churn out acceptable Java. I live in San Francisco now, but I used to live in SLU before it was Amazon-land. The phrase "one of the many SLU lunch trucks" sounds absolutely ridiculous to me. I used to get frustrated at so few lunch options around there. I was back recently; there's a lot that's new and a lot still in transition; it's funny to see things change in such a short time. > People need to stop excusing the federal government for the monster that it really is. As the son of a federal employee, I feel I should address this specific sentence. Let's not confuse a couple of jerks for the entirety of the federal government. Many large organizations produce stupid, indefensible actions but I feel like your phrasing is overly broad. Looking at those edits in particular, they do appear to make the post more readable. Nothing wrong with correcting some small grammar issues and adding a few links to explain the terms used. I think the attitude that the Stack Exchange folks are trying to foster with the edits is to not have a lot of ego involved. It's not a place for ee cummings to demonstrate his personal preference of punctuation. It's more wiki-like. You need to gain a substantial amount of rep before you can edit other people's answers, which one would think filters most of the less tasteful edits. (I'd say edits on answers are actually pretty rare. Edits on questions are more common because lots of unclear questions are asked by people with poor English skills and people who aren't yet familiar with the conventions on the site.) I won't say that everything the Stack Exchange people have done is perfect or well thought out but the editing of other people's content is certainly interesting and I think it's rare that it's used poorly or offensively. Actually, he already wrote the TLDR summary for you. It was: "If you summarize your idea in your first sentence, writing "TLDR" is superfluous." He wrote the TLDR summary, he just didn't preface it with TLDR. That to me is the great thing about this article. He's following his recommended practice to illustrate the point. Or if it's being sent from, say, Switzerland. http://54.243.29.30/img/assange/assange_parcel_front.jpg I've lived in both places. Back in college I also lived with someone who was allergic. That changes my reaction a bit, I think. It makes the people who bring their dogs on transit, to the bar or to the supermarket look like jerks. How much of that is just that when you move to a place, these sorts of differences are conversation starters? When I decided to move I was painfully aware of the cost of living and housing issues. They factored heavily into my decision and I made sure the numbers added up. When I got here, did I still complain about it to anyone who'd ask, and some who didn't? You bet. Also, though by the time I got to SF I had been out west for a while already, let's not forget that for many of us east coasters, complaining is a big part of the culture. :-) For some odd reason (I think it was cited in a Wikipedia article or something) I happened to be reading Carmack's .plan file from 1998 this week: http://fd.fabiensanglard.net/doom3/pdfs/johnc-plan_1998.pdf In it, he mentioned that he was getting rid of the last of id's NeXT hardware that year. Seemed to me like pretty late to be doing that, but hey, I can also see not wanting to let go of them. His old writings were definitely an interesting time capsule. He writes about Windows NT being, ironically, the best platform to write OpenGL at the time. He writes about Apple's Rhapsody (first impressions: he liked the NeXTiness but was skeptical of Carbon/Classic; then later, he writes that he's more satisfied with it after a deeper look). He writes in passing about trips to Apple and talking up OpenGL to Steve Jobs. Maybe it's just the fact that I'm a DC native that I react this way, but what exactly are you talking about? The federal government does a fine job at a great many things with low overhead, lest you'd be getting all your mail via FedEx. I recall during the big health care debate, there was the statistic going around that the overhead of medicare was 2%, vs. somewhere around 30% for private insurance. (What those people spend on advertising alone could pay all of that "bureaucracy".) Readers of this site should be keenly aware of these issues and what they're really about; we work in an industry with rampant age discrimination where people are encouraged to spend their early 20s working all night to make someone else rich, people routinely burn out before 30 ... do you expect to be pulling all-nighters at your Rails startup at 70? No? Then you should pay attention and get pissed off about this stuff. > implementations of stdio in libc generally do the right thing Tell me, what is the "right thing" for stdio to do when it sees EINTR? It strikes me that this can't really be solved at the library level. There are times when you'll want to retry and there are times when you'll want to drop your work and surface the error to the caller. Doesn't seem to me like a library can decide which is which. Which is probably why the I/O syscalls need to surface it in the first place. (I'd argue if a library like stdio, which does nothing but wrap syscalls and buffer stuff, can decide it, then there's no need for EINTR to exist at all because the syscall could theoretically make the same decisions.) Yes, I'm aware, "almost always". Not always, though. I was thinking specifically of an application that might want to use signals to cancel blocking I/O and continue running. (PS: When I wrote my reply I was also already familiar with your linked article, the challenges of signal safety, and the signalfd() syscall. Surely an interesting set of topics but I still maintain that a library doesn't really have a "good" way to deal with EINTR, especially if all it does is wrap read or write.) Can't you see that what you cite is exactly the problem? The people in your level band, including the ones in your hallway that you work with every day, are your competition. I was a dev in Windows from 2008 to late 2011. Many comments from Mini MSFT resonated with me. My review history was never bad, but knowing precisely who in my peer group got more money (by watching title changes) and knowing which talented, hardworking devs got shafted (by private conversations) was really bad for my morale. Every review period I'd reliably see the same set of folks (manager's favorites) get regular title changes for doing crap work, and the same bright hardworking people doing the "real work" would be given some lame excuse (if not outright set up for failure) and told to just reach a little higher next year. It stings. Never mind the outright stupidity of a system where a theoretical "dream team" of 10 hardworking, talented, best in class individuals would need to have 1 go without a bonus every year. Maybe they'll be more diplomatic than what I'm writing, but I don't know anyone at Microsoft whose opinion I respect that won't concede these points or admit that there's a problem. Hmm, reading it I think I see where criticism comes from; my impression is that I, personally, will most likely stick to sed, grep, sh, etc. But does that make the author a bad person? Worthy of ridicule for having thrown it online? Of course not. This is just a silly script, of the variety that most of us probably have sitting around in somewhere $HOME. It's not worth getting worked up over. The ultimate irony is, I wonder how the critics would feel about the code of sed and grep. Have they bothered to look? I myself do have these loud, exaggerated, critical attitudes towards code quality, but at some point I realized that most of the code I rely on every day is probably not up to my standards, and yet I still willingly rely on it. A younger self might have been tempted to re-write all of it, but I only have one lifetime to do such things and I'm already busy as it is. There is a time for rewrites on the basis of code quality, I would advocate for it where it is constructive or even simply satisfying, but at some point you have to admit that many (most?) times you will have to pass on this impulse. For a long time OS X didn't have `pkill`. I think it's there now with 10.8, but was missing for too many years. I remember the one weird thing was that `killall` used to behave weirdly on commercial Unix. It would ignore its arguments and simply attempt to kill all processes. It's been a long time since I've logged into such a system, but it was then that I got used to typing `pkill`. Last few times I've seen Phoronix articles my impression is honestly "this is a troll website, right?" But I was pretty surprised by the attitude that surfaced very early in the linked thread on the GCC list, too. Outwardly hostile, as if to say, "well damn, you losers sure better catch up with LLVM right this instant, otherwise you're making lame excuses". I don't have any involvement in either project (other than the fact that I've used and appreciated both compilers), but this strikes me to fundamentally misunderstand open source. Does LLVM have to fail for GCC to succeed? I'm not sure why "getting the memory management right" is the hard part, or why it's any more or less hard than general C programming practice. For example a closure object with a reference count that releases references on its contained objects when destroyed seems like a perfectly workable pattern. (I'd be surprised if that's not how the glib closures are supposed to work, knowing that glib like many general-purpose C libraries is pretty big on reference counting.) NSInvocation in objc comes to mind, where IIRC the closure-like object can hold a reference to its arguments, though it's been years since I've used that... > I think if you have objects and a reference-counting GC already this problem is pretty easy, but I assume the C programmers don't want that for performance or portability or some other reason. Uh. Every large C code base I've worked with has had this in some form, usually fairly pervasively. I've mentioned glib as a library that exercises this heavily. In the Windows world this would also include COM. Kernel mode stuff on various platforms tends to do a lot of refcounting as well. Note that "reference counted object" is just a fancy word for "struct with an integer" - I feel like your phrases like "if you have objects" and "GC" strikes me as confusing this with other features in other languages, a sign that we're not entirely talking about the same thing. Edit after more time spent away from it: I guess to restate the original comment, what I was trying to say is that to an experienced C programmer closures don't make anything "more hard" - it's just the same memory allocation strategies that you'll be dealing with anyway, and there are already well understood solutions (such as having one of your struct fields be a reference count). There's also libffi, which I'm pretty sure also works by generating stub functions in executable pages, but has the advantage of having been ported to a bunch of platforms already, and hides the ugliness in a library. It's not very well known outside of Redmond, but windbg (provided as part of "Debugging Tools for Windows") is an excellent debugger. Steep learning curve, as the commands are cryptic to the uninitiated, but once you get the hang of it it's great. Visual Studio's debugger is absolute crap by comparison. As for a replacement for strace: http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb896645 Windows has a POSIX subsystem. It has fork. Not cygwin style. There is kernel support. > When a new version comes out, I wait for a hardware refresh and just get a new Mac Apple must love you.