I'm amazed and saddened to find this written here. What you read in the parent is the content of a social media slander campaign from years ago led by a blogger named Brian Cook (who runs a blog popular with University of Michigan sports fans called MGoBlog), apparently because Brandon fired Cook's favorite coach. Sorry this is so long, but I can't watch a good person's reputation be slandered. Dave Brandon was a class act and very talented leader and executive. Note that despite the sports blogger's considered opinion (as paraphrased in the parent), Brandon's reputation in the business community is exceptional. Per Bloomberg: Brandon had run Domino’s for 11 years and gained a reputation as a turnaround artist. He helped shepherd the pizza chain, then owned by Bain Capital Partners, through the largest initial public offering in restaurant history in 2004. He got the Domino's job because Bain - no lightweights themselves - thought highly enough of Brandon's CEO performance at Valassis Communications to hire him to run their foundering investment in Dominos. Then Toys R Us hired him. How many people get hired to three significant CEO jobs? Why didn't someone ask the sports blogger? I'm no Fortune 500 CEO, but I know more about business than Cook and I was very impressed by what I saw of Brandon from the outside - a natural, thoughtful, intelligent, highly skilled, high-integrity manager and executive, the kind of manager you seek out to work for. Brandon left the CEO job at Domino's, a company with billions in revenue, global operations, and >100,000 employees, and where he was quite successful, to rescue from trouble the $100 million, ... Brandon's performance: Before him, the athletic department was in the red, the football team was losing (both very unusual situations at U. of Michigan, an elite blue-chip program - like Google search becoming mediocre and unprofitable), and far worse from the perspective of then-Michigan supporters, corruption was brewing. Big-time college sports is a magnet for corruption, with billions of dollars tossed around ostensibly amateur sports, unpaid athletes, and mostly non-profit institutions. U. of Michigan's great tradition and culture, at the time, was that it's an educational institution first; it priorities were its student-athletes and its values ahead of money - integrity first and it wins: The football program is roughly tied for the most successful in college football history (with some parochial school in Indiana). Many say these things; Michigan really did them. Brandon returned to restore all that. He fired Cook's favorite coach, Rich Rodriguez, who was the only Michigan football coach since 1900 with an overall losing record, including arguably the team's worst season ever; he also was responsible for Michigan football being penalized for its only NCAA violations (i.e., college sports ethics violations) in its history, and was involved in odoriferous situations off the field. Firing was not a hard call, especially for a job among the most sought-after in football. Brandon put the athletic department back on track; he emphatically put the student-athletes first - and before the football fans, as he should have, but earning the enmity of many fans who could care less about the education and welfare of the unpaid students on the field - and he restored the department's integrity and profitability (which soared). He also hired a football coach with exceptional integrity and talent for mentoring college students (see Brady Hoke, below). Brian Cook, the blogger, is easiest described as like Rush Limbaugh; he likes to inflame his followers, who can be sycophantic, with media campaigns based on sensational lies and half-truths, and in my experience has few limits. For example, early on Cook disliked what a ~13 year old was posting in the MGoBlog forums, so Cook doxxed him, including his home phone number, and Cook's classy followers went after the child (I still regret not calling the state Attorney General's office). He lies brazenly: I once read a newspaper article saying a famous basketball coach 1) called the Athletic Director (the one prior to Brandon, who Cook also attacked) about the Michigan job and left a voicemail; 2) the coach spoke to his wife, who was adamant that she didn't want to move to a new town (coaches' families move constantly); and 3) the coach decided against the job. Cook quoted the article but conveniently deleted part 2 - in a block quote, no less - and accused the Athletic Director of losing the coach because he was out of touch. It was as brazen as it sounds. Cook and his followers also attacked, maligned, and sometimes chased out of town multiple coaches and other people. I'll add that Cook as no experience in sports AFAIK, either playing or coaching, or in business or in anything but blogging about sports at his former college. ... Regarding another person's reputation: Brady Hoke, the football coach Brandon hired, was (is) one of the great class acts in the sport. He put the (unpaid) student-athletes first, as students and people, and football second, and Hoke openly said it - an amazing thing to find in college. High school kids - and their parents - who decided against going to Michigan would talk about what a class act he was and nothing like the snake oil salesmen that populate the sport. The students he brought to Michigan - Hoke was among the best recruiters in the nation - were in tears when he was fired, and for years after that - when he was long gone and they had a new coach - you could read them (and their parents) regularly talking about what a "great man" (that phrase is used repeatedly) he was and how much he helped changed their lives. His peers raved about him, and the top coaches in the country wanted to work for him (e.g., the defensive coordinator of the Baltimore Ravens, at the time arguably the top such job in the NFL, left Baltimore to work for Hoke, then starting his first major college job). Unfortunately, Hoke wasn't a great offensive coach and the team was around .500 by the time he left. He was also maligned and attacked by Cook because, AFAICT, Hoke was Brandon's guy and replaced Cook's favorite. Sometimes, the Rush Limbaughs of the world succeed, the good people lose out, and the slander, sadly, follows them even to Hacker News. Dave Brandon had an exceptional track record and the business community thought so, maybe still does for all I know. He was just disliked by a popular (in the University of Michigan community) sports blogger. See my post below. It disappeared before that, under Rich Rodriguez. Rodriguez lead Michigan to maybe the worst season in its history (2008), his recruiting was awful (I forget the number, but his predecessor and successor were among the best in the nation, as Michigan always is), and he is the only Michigan head coach since 1900 with an under-.500 record overall. He never beat either of Michigan's rivals, Michigan State and Ohio State, and earned Michigan it's only NCAA sanctions ever. Brandon fired Rodriguez - an easy call but one which earned the enmity of a sports blogger who loved the coach and maligned Brandon (which is what the post above is really about; see my response below) - and hired Brady Hoke. In Hoke's first year, they went 11-2, beat Ohio State, won a bowl game, and the team's defense went from ~110th in the nation to the top 20. Hoke did slowly decline after that, and was fired after an under-.500 season; his weakness was offense, which he just couldn't raise to an elite level. Brandon did very well at Dominos; Bain Capital, Dominos' owners, certainly thought so, because they later hired him to run Toys R Us. > Since Dave left Michigan, the interim AD hired Jim Harbaugh, and the football program is now regularly in top 10 in the nation. Harbaugh's record through 2 seasons + 3 games = 23-6 Brady Hoke, the coach Brandon hired, through the same period = 22-7. Hoke also beat Ohio State during that period and Harbaugh hasn't. At Michigan, beating Ohio State is almost more important than the rest of the season combined; ESPN called it the top rivalry in all of sports at one point. But more important to the University of Michigan than winning a children's game played with a ball, at least before Harbaugh and that interim AD, was the student-athletes' welfare and their development in the classroom and in the community. By those measures Hoke and Brandon far outperformed anyone. I know sports fans don't think about those things, but remember that it is an educational institution and the athletes are students (and if they aren't, they should be paid like highly talented employees). https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15281139 I very much enjoy watching football, and might have seen over 100 Michigan football games. But it's a game; the welfare and education of the students playing it are real life. I've wondered that. Perhaps the ~13 year old felt intimidated or ashamed (completely unfairly, but they are 13 facing the wrath of a mob of adults) and hid it from their parents? Maybe the parents were absentee, didn't care, didn't know what to do, or lacked resources? IIRC, the kid lived in another state, complicating things. Or maybe there was a lawsuit and quiet settlement, and I just don't know about it. Also, IIRC, the ~13 year old's forum posts were fine, they just disagreed with Cook and his mob, apparently a crime in Cook's mind. Not that any forum post would ever justify doxxing someone. Cook also ran a campaign against two journalists at one of the major Detroit newspapers who broke the story of the football team's (and Cook's beloved Coach Rodriguez's) NCAA violations. At least one, and I think both, of the journalists left town for greener pastures. For years afterward, and probably to this day, Cook's supporters vilified the reporters for the team's violations. That will teach them for practicing journalism. Tangent, but a good story: Early in my career, in the CRT era, I was working late at a client's office. One of the executives stopped by to chat; he was telling me that his house burned down the past weekend (!) due to a wiring fault in an SUV in the attached garage that somehow ignited something ... whatever caused it, holy shit. His family all got out ok - in the middle of the night - but everything they owned was lost. As we were walking through the darkened office on our way out - the last two to leave - he said, 'do you smell something burning?' Poor guy; he must smell it everywhere. For all I know there was still smoke residue in his sinuses. Anyway, I have to humor him - I'm tired and really want to get home, but there's no question of trying to talk sense to someone in his state. So I make a show of looking around the office with him - and sure enough, there was a CRT monitor, plugged in, off (or maybe asleep), and literally smoking. I never saw anything like it before or since, in over 20 years in IT. But he must still smells smoke everywhere he goes. I was a member, and later board member, of the housing co-ops in Ann Arbor, Michigan, the Inter-Cooperative Council (icc.coop). In many ways, it was an incredible institution (and maybe still is; I'm long out of touch): Highly democratic and very successful. It's continued to exist and grow since the 1930s, with almost complete turnover in membership every two years. They owned at the time around 20 properties, housed around 600 people affordably - their primary mission - and had assets and budget well into the millions. I still don't understand quite how they did it. They did have a small permanent staff of an executive director, financial director, and a couple maintenance people. Everything else was done by mainly college-age membership that, as I said, turned over almost completely every two years; they were the board of directors, maintenance, collected membership dues (the equivalent of rent), made major investment decisions (buy a new house?), etc. etc. One contributing factor may have been that it was a bunch of intelligent people, self-selected for their commitment, who had little long-term vested interest (they'd be gone in a couple of years). I might expect the latter to be a disaster, but it also eliminated a lot of politics - nobody had a career, a future, a promotion, a reputation, or much ego depending on the outcomes. Based on your links, I'm pretty sure you know about the ICC. Any thoughts on how it, and similar organizations work, where others that require community commitment, like the bookstore in the article, fail? I have a hard time understanding what these statements are talking about. > to fight less wars. That's a lofty goal, and maybe attainable, but probably far off for humanity as a whole. It's not only lofty and "maybe" attainable, it's already happened, beginning decades ago. You're living in the most peaceful time in human history. There are almost no international wars (maybe Armenia and Azerbaijan count?). The great powers fight no wars with each other. War is almost unimaginable across vast geographic areas: Europe, especially sans Russia. North America, South America - the entire Americas . South and Southeast Asia, with the possible (and significant) exception of India and Pakistan. East Asia except North Korea. Etc. It's not an accident or luck; it was a program of the early 20th century to make war illegal, and that came to fruition after WWII when the victors (who were not daydreamers - they knew more about war than we can ever imagine or want to know) formed the UN and the roots of the EU explicitly to prevent future wars. It's like saying that extending human average human lifespan past 50 years is "a lofty goal, and maybe attainable, but probably far off for humanity as a whole." > Critical to any military, much less society, is the concept of a warrior class. There is no "warrior class" in the West or in the democratic world. For most of American and democratic history, wars were fought using draftees and citizen soldiers, like the Minutemen - everyone, not a class. The current American and most wealthy country militaries are filled with volunteers, people from all walks of life - not a class, unless we redefine the meaning of "class" as 'any group of people in the same job'. They are not trained over generations; in fact, many in the U.S. military are immigrants and the children of immigrants. A 'warrior class' doesn't have a place in U.S. society, which is explicitly anti-class. That doesn't mean there is perfect social mobility, but generally we expect and encourage individuals to follow their own paths - not many reading this follow the family profession (especially in IT!) - and to succeed or fail by their effort and merit. If Mary's mother was a farmer, we aren't shocked if Mary becomes a programmer or doctor or artist. Obviously, we have much work to do to achieve those ideals, but the ideal is certainly not a caste system. > America weighs the question of "what force should be used, where, when and for what purpose" constantly. Yes, but I think every country makes those decisions and uses its military from time to time, at least every major country (kudos to Costa Rica for eliminating its military!) including all the NATO countries. The U.S. is a different case; it has been the guarantor of the post-WWII order and so uses its military more than some others (that doesn't justify the actions). > 30% of recruits have parents who served, 70% have a relative who served I'm surprised those numbers aren't higher for the population as a whole. For one thing, people were being drafted as recently as the 1970s. I'd expect that almost everyone has a relative who was in the military. I don't come from a military-oriented family in any sense, and I have at least three living ex-military relatives and of course many deceased ones. But of course there is some continuity from generation to generation. That applies to any profession, locale, etc. People aren't surprised that the engineer's child becomes an artist, but the child is more likely to become an engineer than most people. Does that mean there is an 'engineer class'? > a significant portion the leadership of the military is absolutely a distinct beast. While yes, they are nominally just another citizen, they have part of a distinct culture (how could you not if you spent 10+ years in service of an institution) with a distinct way of seeing the world. The GP was talking about a sort of caste (my word), trained and treated distinctly from generation to generation. Every profession, community, ethnicity, etc etc. creates a distinct way of seeing the world. Look at people in SV! Y Combinator does the same. Other parts of government do the same. There's nothing special about the military in that regard. > That is a very rose-colored glasses viewpoint. No, it's factual. I didn't say there were no wars; I said there were fewer than at any time in human history. If our standard is perfection, then every human endeavor has failed and we should return paleolithic life. People still die of illness, so we could argue that modern healthcare has failed; don't bother using it. Regarding the UN, in politics there is no certain proof ever of cause and effect, so arguably we should eliminate all political institutions. The lack of war is the fact. The parent's theory of why or how and its predictions have no basis that I see. China will of course use this treaty and every other tool to obtain their foreign policy goals, as do most countries (it's the goals and tools that vary). Among their current goals is to become the dominant power in East and Southeast Asia, displacing the U.S., and to become the dominant power in the world. Trade treaties have long been used by countries for those ends. China in particular has heavily used economic power and arrangements to expand political influence. For example, loans to many countries are used to create leverage and sometimes seize valuable strategic assets when the debtors, which most observers knew were not creditworthy, cannot pay them back. For example, China has acquired ports that way (IIRC, the one in Sri Lanka?). Also, regardless of the situation, China will have the most leverage in any negotiation of an economic treaty (as does the U.S., despite the disinformation that those treaties are to the U.S.'s disadvantage). The source of the initiative, if that's the case (do you have evidence?) doesn't restrain China or protect the other countries. I just said the West because I was thinking quickly and didn't know clearly about other countries. It was conceivable, even if unlikely, that officers in China or Russia (USSR? :) ) or someplace else are mostly hereditary, and I saw no need to raise that issue. > So clearly, if kodah meant what you claim they meant, they would be really really really wrong, like ludicrously wrong. / As such (and this is my point), it's probably better to assume that the kodah didn't mean that. It's probably better to steelman, rather than strawman. Always important to remember. And I should have phrased it that way. Thanks. I expect the following is not novel to you, but would you share how you address it with your patients and in this study? In my experience - not based on professional expertise - when people are very concerned about what others will think, in regard to any topic, it is due to a lack of self-worth or self-understanding. They want others to fill that hole, to provide the answer or esteem that they have trouble providing to themselves; they put enormous power in others' opinions. The solution is not to talk about what others think but to find help them find those things within themselves - how do they feel about their choice, their action, their physical being. This study (which I understand might represent only one aspect of your strategy with patients) focuses only on what others think as an answer to the patients' uncertainty. It seems to assume that the worth of the patients' own bodies depends on pleasing others, that the value of this body part is as objects of pleasure for others. And of course we know well that our society sends that message to women, about this body party in particular, very often. And to avoid any misunderstanding, I'm not setting up some argumentative binary concept that people don't care at all how they look. To varying degrees, everyone cares. But I worry far more about the self-esteem and emotional health of the patients than I do about how their breasts look (Edit: And I assume you do too and are acting in good faith). For their breasts, the only person to please is themselves. > It's extremely important to most people. We go out of our way to look good. Just look at any shopping street. Clothes, makeup, gyms, etc. It's a continuum, and I don't think it's 'extremely important' to many people at all in my experience. Far more people are not shopping and don't go to gyms, and shopping and gyms serve other purposes too. Also, when someone does those things to enhance appearance it doesn't mean it's 'extremely important' to them; I watched a sporting event over the weekend, went grocery shopping, and I post on HN, but none of those tings are extremely important or even important to me (beyond avoiding starvation). It's not binary; humans cover a very wide range - much wider than you or I experience or imagine. Mods - I'm almost certain I posted the above as a reply to the original top post: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=25169521 What happened? Magnus - We're not raising simplistic issues about whether beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but addressing how those women are best helped. It's indeed heart-breaking to hear how difficult the situation is. For example, when they are overwhelmed with the decision, terrified about what everyone else will think, then perhaps a mental health professional would be the better option to help them through it then someone with authority (the surgeon) reinforcing to them, with research, that everyone else's opinions are essential. Edit: I'm not sure that's what's going on, but I think it's a reasonable concern about the survey and how it will be used. I'm posting this because the two questions below about this issue didn't receive responses and the way the issue is addressed above seems to possibly trivialize the questions, but that could be unintended or a language issue. Sorry if I'm misunderstanding you. Hmmm ... I haven't seen much of that happening on HN. People respond to the top comment all the time. Also, it was a direct question to the person who posted the top comment, not a commentary. > I'm all for people consulting counselors and psychologists, but many people want to get back to normal, and part of that is to look the same as they did before, and avoid others asking them very personal questions or making hurtful comments. The doctors performing reconstructive surgery are not taking advantage of vulnerable individuals, they are helping support people's recoveries. I'm not sure I understand ... ? First, I certainly didn't say that the doctors are taking advantage of anyone and certainly don't think so! I don't even know what ulterior motive the doctors would have. Please don't attribute things to me. The job of mental health professionals is to help the patient achieve whatever their goal is, whether that's 'getting back to normal' or to help with a difficult decision or situation. Who are you saying would be "asking very personal questions and making hurtful comments"? Mental health professionals? Mental health treatment is not an inquisition; there's no judgment made. Just like the surgeon, their job is to help the patient. ---- The doctors have asked us to take a survey. It's reasonable to raise legitimate concerns about that survey; we're not and shouldn't be thoughtless and unskeptical. Have a great day! I understand that part now. I think we keep talking past each other about a premise. The premise is that other people have power over you, that what they think about you matters (on a personal, emotional level). Therefore, what everyone else thinks about your appearance matters. I'm saying that the mistake is in accepting that premise. It's false. What you think about yourself is all that matters (in the personal, emotional level we are talking about), and when you know and accept yourself, the strangers are powerless. Other people only have that power if you don't love yourself and then look to them to fill that void (speaking simplistically). A mental health professional can help a cancer survivor face those emotions, and know and accept themselves. Then all that matters is what they think about their own body. Thank you for the insights Magnus, that can only come from an expert practitioner. I admire that you are so focused on helping your patients. Core to attitudes like Coinbase's (as described in the article) the theory that their only responsibility is profit for their shareholders. IMHO, that theory is like many others today: It's attractive - it simplifies everything and even makes it quantifiable - but does not stand up to a moment's scrutiny. Almost everything Coinbase has comes from their community: Liberty; peace; political functionality and stability; economic stability; the rule of law; property rights; the free market; the wealth of the market they sell to; the education and wealth of employees, customers, and partners (including the massive public education and healthcare systems - imagine how their company would survive Coronavirus without the public health system and eventual free vaccine); the physical infrastructure of housing, roads, food, power, etc., all kept functioning and safe; the incredible technology stack they build upon, from mathematics to basic literacy to electricity to materials to more proximate tech (the Internet, Web, TCP/IP, and of course the cryptocurrency technology). No matter what Coinbase does, they add only a sliver on top of what's come before. It's just an absurd, transparent rationalization for selfishness to try to justify being a parasite, for not contributing to it and being responsible for making it work. Our community is us; nobody else will make it work. And it's sociopathic to say that, about part of our community, 'I don't care what happens to African-Americans'. But being a sociopath and buying into this transparently false argument has become trendy and admired by a vast swath of powerful people in American business, as if ignoring problems will solve them. I used to wonder if they really were smarter than others, but recently I've concluded that they follow the herd and are easily manipulated as much as other people are (and I could have seen it earlier in financial bubbles, etc.). And as they've followed the herd in disparaging liberalism and postmodernism, rather than thinking critically about them, they've unilaterally disarmed themselves, willingly discarded the tools that would protect them from being deceived, confused, and led. It's depressing to see yet another intellectual 'bubble' sweep through the Internet and the educated parts of society, especially one that falls apart so easily under a little scrutiny (as they all do). The cost of living in the Bay Area reflects extremely high demand for living there. Other than some people becoming more comfortable with remote work, what will have changed when the pandemic ends? You can't visit SF and not see that it's a special place. An amazingly dynamic, exciting city filled with creativity, culture, beauty, resources (including two elite universities and many others), natural resources, etc. People LOVE San Francisco (and many other cities). Cities in general are well-documented and researched as the great economic and cultural engines of our societies. It's not hard to see why or how that would be. We all knew it well; then suddenly it became trendy to forget it. We know well the subtext of the new anti-urbanism: Reactionary politics. The reactionaries in the US (primarily the Republican Party and sympathizers) have been trying to denigrate cities for many years because, despite the facts on their success, cities are strongly liberal, ethnically diverse, and pro-Democratic. As an example, Trump tried to make it the focus of his campaign over the summer and a/the major focus of the Republican convention, though that fizzled. Taxes are bad (by definition!), liberalism is bad, protestors are bad, college education is bad, homeless people are bad ... it's a highly conservative perspective - conservative as in, 'protect existing interests' - rather one that reflects a belief in progress, knowledge, change, and in the potential in every person (not just the wealthy ones) to do great things. Cities are inherently optimistic and reactionaryism is inherently pessimistic - why choose the latter, other than that is where the social herd is running? How will that turn out? The IT industry didn't discover remote work in the last year; it might have been forced on reluctant managers in some industries, but we knew it very well. Companies tried it years ago, and then walked it back (I remember them telling employees they had to come back to the office). Nothing replaces the dynamism of meeting people in the hallway, seeing people face-to-face, etc. Remember everything SV companies invested to keep their employees at work and having fun? Now they think it's the same if they are home and isolated from each other? Bubbles in finance are about ideas, not money. People feel compelled by the normalization of a social tide. If you think you're too smart for it, you are a prime target. Watch I Am Not Your Negro , a documentary on Baldwin, to understand what a genius he was - innovative, able to think clearly beyond the intense social pressures of his time and around him (something we can better appreciate these days), miles ahead, extraordinarily articulate. He is the best commentator on racial issues in 2020. > in Philadelphia ... Every time I washed my car there was a thick black layer of soot covering it within a couple days A layer of soot in Philadelphia? I've spent plenty of time there, know plenty who live there, and never saw or heard of such a thing. Were you parking next to a chimney sweep? The well-used argument that only government is responsible is, if you think about it for 30 seconds (try it - stop now and think about it) absurd, has never been true, is not how anything has gotten done, and never will be true. It's a meme, a cover story for not doing your part. It's our community, our society. It depends on each person, every one of us, every day. Not just Huawei: > the telecommunications firm worked in 2018 with the facial recognition start-up Megvii > Megvii, the Beijing-based developer of the Face Plus Plus system and one of the world’s most highly valued facial recognition start-ups Huawei responds: > Huawei spokesman Glenn Schloss said the report “is simply a test and it has not seen real-world application. Huawei only supplies general-purpose products for this kind of testing. We do not provide custom algorithms or applications.” If the US, EU, and other democracies banned companies that support human rights violations, that might outweigh the value of the Chinese domestic market. (I realize that some Western companies might be caught in that.) Many, many billionaires live, have lived, and thrive in CA - probably more than any place in the world. In fact, I'd guess that more billionaires have made their fortunes in CA than any other place. The grievance rhetoric has gone too far (and had awhile ago) when it's used by billionaires. There is also strong reactionary political rhetoric here, the premise that taxes on wealthy people are nearly criminal theft, and nobody would want to live someplace where they democratically invest in their community (i.e., pay taxes). There's also the economic assumption that taxes, whatever their current level, are always too high; AFAIK, taxes on wealthy people are at historic lows. People love San Francisco - the culture, the energy, the people, the beauty, the opportunity, the freedom, the openness - that's why the cost of living is so high there. The more who leave, the more affordable it is for entrepreneurs and other dreamers who want to do something wonderful. I want to live someplace filled with those people; I want to meet them at the cafe and in my workplace. Cities have been the great engines of modern culture and economies for awhile now. Nothing has changed. Coronavirus is a brief interruption. Remove work doesn't change it - Covid didn't teach SV about remote work (many SV companies tried large-scale remote work several years ago, then brought many back to the office). There's a reason businesses try to create great office environments - dynamic, exciting, fun, social - it's highly creative and productive. Now you think people will be just as creative and productive sitting by themselves at their desk at home? Taxes are a major part of that - taxes are how we invest in our communities. To treat them only as an expense is ignorant, sometimes willfully so. California and the Bay Area have been taxing and investing for generations, and look what it turned out. The infrastructure of the Bay Area, U CA Berkley, and Stanford (which at least receives research money and massive tax benefits in tax breaks, I assume) are just three examples. The Golden Gate Bridge is another. Next time you are in a city, look around at all the things that the people got together, democratically, and built, funded, and operate. I believe in democracy, a fundamentally American belief. In the end, it's a reactionary political statement. The reactionaries have been targeting cities for many years because they are powerbases for Democrats, progressives, are populated by many non-white people, and they are cultural threats (merely by the fact of their existence and success: their diversity and integration, their cultural leadership, and in business and economics: what great, innovative industry comes from reactionary parts of the country?). You'll note who made the big statements about leaving - Thiel and Musk, possibly the leading reactionaries in SV. Reactionary politics is fundamentally corrupt - a lie about the world, in every aspect, to protect and accumulate their own power and assets. They're right - they don't fit well in SV. Reactionary is anti-progress, anti-optimism, it's anti-. SV is doing well if the reactionaries don't stay and stagnate, but leave and create more space and opportunity for the newcomers, the next generation. I believe in those newcomers much more than in Thiel and Musk. Eliminating market advantages for incumbents and wealthy seems to me to be obviously in society's interest: It creates a more competitive marketplace for consumers, reducing prices and increasing innovation, it creates more opportunity for innovators, and it's fundamentally more fair - a meritocracy. I think it should be aggressively pursued, but very carefully - we don't want replace one distortion and unfair system with another. Painting my impressions with a very broad brush: It seems that capitalism was formerly sold to the public as good for society: It provided economic growth, opportunity, and fairness. Those were the goals, and where there were market failures (such as monopolies or prejudice), society would step in and correct it, to further those goals. Now capitalism itself seems to be the goal, the religion, the ideology. It serves no higher purpose - the highest purpose effectively becomes the capitalists. If society steps in, it's rejected as a perversion of capitalism. As I pointed out regarding Musk's move, it's the companies with the strongest links with reactionary politics (and Trump): Thiel/Palantir, Musk, Ellison/Oracle. Does HPE somehow fit that mold? For the sake of their many stakeholders, I hope the CEOs are not overreacting to the reactionary idea bubble - that they are not taking too seriously what is political rhetoric - or acting for political purposes. Many people do not share their political views. It also matches the corporate outrage / take-my-ball-and-go strategy: If someone dares to regulate or tax a company - the outrage! - they say they are leaving. Think of Amazon in France and other places (IIRC Philadelphia passed a law requiring businesses to take cash and Amazon threatened to leave, then backed down). Think of Uber and Lyft in California. It's childish and I think if someone called them on it, it would be revealed for what it is. It's not clear to me how it's good for society that they don't have to contribute and pay their share. Finally, where will these companies recruit from? The University of Texas is pretty good, but not close to the level of Berkley and Stanford, two of the top ~6 schools in the world. Also, many more people want to live in the Bay Area than Austin in general, and IT professionals want to be in SV where the center of their industry is. Austin is nice but simply is not real competition. Monopoly abuse doesn't lower prices for the consumer; it reduces innovation and raises prices. It's only 'bailing out' Slack if you accept that abusive monopoly practices as a norm, in which case arresting thieves who steal and sell goods is 'bailing out' the jewelry stores. > We'd all like to think there's something special in all of us and that the world will benefit from the light of our creativity if it was set free. Truth be told, very few people are capable of much past mimicking and repeating what already exists. ... > No, given the proper "freedom" to be "earnest" you wouldn't be the next Picasso or Steve Jobs. There's a premise here that unless you are Picasso or Steve Jobs, you have nothing to contribute - and that if you aren't changing the world in a significant way, you are mediocre. People change themselves, their families, their communities, their friends and neighbors lives - most of what we get from the world is in those micro, personal interactions. Friends have done infinitely more for me than Jobs or Picasso. There's also an assumption that "very few people are capable of much past mimicking and repeating what already exists", which doesn't at all match my experience of people. I find that almost everyone has much to offer, but you need to give them space and confidence to be earnest. You need to listen, and each one has so much to tell - perspectives that open up new worlds. If your attitude is the one you describe, it's self-fulfilling. So this should be good news to you. Why is it important to you to advocate for bad news? I expect people on HN to have already figured out the obvious: It takes much less energy to heat the area under your clothes, using existing heat, than to heat a room or building with artificially generated heat. Your body is 37 deg C. Wearing low-insulation clothing and letting that heat float away, and then heating the entire room or building to warm you up again, is absurd if you understand basic physics and think for a moment. Wear a sweater, wear shoes (that's where the cold air is). Keep the thermostat at the lowest comfortable temperature - experiment a bit and test what you become accustomed to, and you'll know for the rest of your life. Do that and you lose nothing. Maybe go a step further and wear long underwear and maybe even a hat; why not? Another way to look at it: Only use the energy that you need. Heating a building when you aren't there is silly. [0] Heating rooms you aren't in is a similar waste - if and when you can, get a heating system that segregates areas. Heating the entire room when you are in one place, and already generating heat, is also a waste. Just put on some insulation and trap the heat that's already there. All heating is local. (Edit, because people are omitting the obvious implications: The consequences, climate change, are global.) [0] You'll be fine waiting for it to heat when you need it, or just use a thermostat with a timer or remote control. > None of this keeps my hands warm. > Or makes me feel comfortable. I wrote, 'Keep the thermostat at the lowest comfortable temperature', not an uncomfortable one. Don't lump me in with strawpeople who tell you to be uncomfortable. > for an extra ~$50 a month during the winter I get to keep my house at a nice toasty 74-76 degrees F I agree that you can do what you want with your $50. But there are other costs too: Our choices creates climate change for others. > Some reasons why not: > you may live with other people who have different basal temperatures from yours, aren't comfortable at 16 degrees or whatever you settle on, and didn't consent to participating in your wacky experiment; > other people may come over to visit your house without realizing in advance that they need to wear long underwear; C'mon. We can't figure out the solutions to these problems, in a moment? :) If you can't, I'm not hiring you to wash dishes. (I.e., I believe you can.) Edit: I think there's an assumption that this is some dogmatic straw-argument. It's not; it's practical. The argument is: Be practical. OK, you win, you can't figure it out. :) > Keeping your core warmer, especially with the thermal underwear discussed at length in the article, will also keep your hands warmer. That's a lesson of wilderness camping in cold weather - if your hands are cold, put on another layer. > Well things are not quite so easy ... It's not easy to put on and take off warm clothes to manage your personal temperature? What's most odd is that the aliens behave just like they are part of a human conspiracy theory. What's most disturbing is that openness to crackpot theories now extends into high levels of national institutions. How many make the argument, 'these things are unexplained'. Lots of things are unexplained; the difference between crackpot and real is evidence - publicly available evidence - that supports it. And evidence of odd phenomena is not at all evidence that they was caused by aliens - centuries ago, it would have been attributed to a god or demon. Remember that 'I don't know' is a normal human condition - get used to it. The Israeli general who claimed that Trump would soon reveal an alien presence among us also said > Eshed explained that the timing was simply due to how much the academic landscape has changed, and how respected he is in academia. / "If I had come up with what I’m saying today five years ago, I would have been hospitalized," he explained to Yediot. / "'today, they’re already talking differently [a bout alients]. I have nothing to lose. I’ve received my degrees and awards; I am respected in universities abroad, where the trend is also changing.'" https://www.jpost.com/omg/former-israeli-space-security-chie... Really? Is that serious? People need to be really, really troubled. Disinformation is flooding society. It's trendy to despair, and I want to call it out. I've seen it recently in prominent journalists talking about disinformation, in the former Google AI researcher's exit message to colleagues, in lots of people talking about politics and government and democracy and public affairs (such as racism). 'Let's leave the city - what's the point of being here?' It seems that people want to say: 'it's useless to try', and 'I don't know what to do' ... sometimes they say they will quixotically continue (to drag out the despair, I suppose). Perhaps it's a consequence of the pandemic, which creates depressing environments for much of the world. Perhaps it's a the reactionary concept of the 'SJW' (a negative term, which mocked their supposed uselessness) seeping into broader society. Whatever, despair is a pretty f*g stupid trend. Really? Despair? That's cool now? You sound smart now? I promise you that you will never accomplish anything you don't believe in. Remember the American Dream - anyone can accomplish anything they believe in and work hard for. A friend of mine (now hip to despair) once said, 'the biggest obstacle most people face is that they don't believe' - my friend was right. Who would even choose despair, given the options - what an unhappy life. I believe. I believe we can do it. I believe that the biggest obstacle is all these people standing around talking about despair, and that we outnumber the actual bad people 100 to 1. I believe democracy and freedom and believing in people has an incredible history of success and we can solve these problems too. I believe we can make the open web work on mobile. I believe we can solve disinformation - it's just a matter of engagement, of finding out what engages them and where; they reading that crap for the content. I believe in the city - the land of opportunities, on every block, at every corner, in every cafe and bar. I love the city, I love people. Let's do this! LET'S GOOOOOO! (And I'm not being ironic. I am dead serious. Why are you standing there talking about irony? Is it so rare that someone could be earnest and enthusiastic these days? I'm going to leave you behind; I'm going to make the future while you despair. Let's go!!!!) It's not going to completely solve every problem - that's a pretty high standard! Maybe you could ask your father how he feels about it. I see and experience the same things you do, and I choose compassion and kindness (my mantra with strangers is: trust, care, help). I can't change other people or the world, but I do choose how I respond to them. I can defy the evil, unhappiness and despair in the world. What I've learned is that it is so much better for me, and for the other people, and for the situation - it doesn't solve every problem, it's not the entire solution, it doesn't even work every time, but it moves the needle; perhaps most importantly, I think it sets an example and inspires others - imagine a world without the compassionate people. Compassion is armor: When people act like jerks, usually it's because they have their own problems, their are overwhelmed, they are afraid, etc. You and I act like jerks too. Have compassion on them and on yourself - life is hard. > never interact with this kind of people forever Whatever kind they are, they are everywhere. We all need to find our peace of mind, but at the same time I don't want to withdraw: What am I living for? To avoid? More people are more opportunities to live. > it was just an incorrect assumption based on nothing (or worse an outright lie based on a desire to "preserve supply", as this was known to be a respiratory virus well before his statement) Do you have have any evidence of this? > We should be praising the Times for having the courage and integrity for calling out their own errors, which many publications wouldn't do, rather than punishing them for not figuring it out in the first place. We can do both, praise and criticize. While I agree with your statements, they NYT also have another job: Report the news accurately. That's why they exist and it's critical to our society. We shouldn't overreact to one error and I think the NY Times is generally more reliable than most. A metric for overall reliability would be very valuable, especially in the disinformation age. That would be an interesting project for a leading journalism school. But how to measure it? Omissions, including context, are just as significant inaccuracies as misstatements (imagine the story 'The U.S. declares war on Japan!' without context). How could the study objectively set a standard for what facts and context should be included? Might you consider a tabletop RPG game (TTRPG) rather than a computer game? Espionage, more than anything, is about human nature, unexpected situations, creative use of information, and matching wits with other people. The significant advantage of a TTRPG over a computer game is that the 'AI' for a TTRPG is human. No AI can come close for creativity, versatility, and of course human nature. To add an essential distinction: I mean OSR-style (Old School Renaissance) TTRPGs. For those familiar with 'modern' TTRPGs, like the 5th edition of Dungeons & Dragons, OSR interactions are minimally defined by rules - powers, stats, skills, proficiencies, etc.- relatively few of those exist. Most of it is free-form improvisational interaction between the players and dungeon master (DM). For example, if you want to find something in a room, you don't roll something based on your perception score (you don't have one); it's up to the player, who can do anything at all. You tell the DM what you do ('I examine the bookshelves more closely - what condition are they in?'), and the DM tells you how the environment responds ('the old shelves don't sag at all while there's a thick layer of dust on them, except in a couple of places'); ('what books are in those spots? I stand to the side and nudge one gently with the tip of my walking stick, at arms length') ... There are plenty of guidelines for the DM to deal with all the different situations, but it's really up to help the DM to respond. The players, as I said, can do whatever they want without even knowing the rules for many purposes. Another way of conceiving of it is that it's a collaborative story where the player controls the protagonist and the DM controls the rest of the world, and they improvise together - both experience a lot of dramatic tension, not knowing what the other knows, plans or will do. Hopefully, I'm describing it well enough that you can see how it would play very well for an espionage setting. What do you think should be done about Xinjiang? Do you believe the U.S. and Americans will do nothing simply because it has issues with prisons (so different that they are practically unrelated)? Simply do a quick search for Xinjiang forced labor; you will find endless reports from the world's most credible sources. What is your basis for saying it's debatable? You argue every point, but what do you think should be done? I agree. The attempts to change the subject to the U.S. are classic whataboutist arguments, and transparently weak ones. It's hard to imagine what's wrong with your points that you would be downvoted.