disclaimer: I evaluated most of these tools and wrote a blog post here. https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/04/18/monitoring-in-the... It's a bit old and i'll update it later, but here is the short resume with all the latest tool: ### Free (as in open-source) shitty options: icinga, nagios, riemann They suck so much they're not even worthy of having their names written. ### The other open-source option is prometheus. I didn't try it personally but I've have candidates interviewing at my company who talked at length about their experience on it and they were satisfied. I red the whole documentation and it's better than the old shitty tools but it's still not great. Be aware that it has many limitations by design, they skipped all the hard stuff (single node only, no HA, pull-mode only for metrics). ---- The new SaaS tools (ordered by maturity), all 10-20$ per host, they're mostly copy-cat: Datadog, BMC truesigh pulse (Boundary), signalfx, wavefront, server density. Datadog is the best option. It's older (about 5 years) and more mature. It has the most features and integrations. It's really the next generation of monitoring. BMC truesight pulse is the historic competitor. It was a startup called "Boundary" that was bought by BMC, and BMC rebranded the product. That's about the same thing. Not sure what the acquisition may or may not have changed. SignalFX is a direct copy-cat of datadog (and BMC). But it came later so it's lacking in features and integrations. Wavefront is an even later copy-cat of datadog and signalfx. Except it has no public price nor public trial. You have to contact them and go through sales for anything. (Honestly: just ignore wavefront. There are 3 directs competitors who are better and more accessible). ServerDensity: Don't bother trying. The website is buggy, it fails to load pages very often. The product is not even finished and lack 80% of the competitor features. The company will probably die soon. (sorry for their employees who are commenting here and reading that :\ ) [Google] StackDriver: It was another company that was acquired by Google 2 years ago. Currently, it's dead and it's being integrated to Google offerings. That might be great when it comes back (probably this year, there seem to be some closed beta given by Google at the moment). ### Current status-quo: Datadog beats everything by a long margin. More mature, more features, more integrations. It's has the advantage and it's evolving faster. That's the horse you have to put your money on (I did). You can try the competitors (either BMC or signalfx) if you wanna play around or just tickle datadog sales team to get a better price (I did) :D ### Far future: There might be a market rupture within 1-2 years when google finally release StackDriver. It had some quite advanced stuff and great review when it was acquired. It's the only one that might be able to catch up with datadog and provide the very advanced stuff that doesn't currently exist (e.g. outlier detection done right). If and When Google finally offers GCE (cheaper & faster than AWS) + kubernetes (docker and infrastructure on steroid) + StackDriver (complete monitoring AND logging solutions), they will be the best IaaS provider on the planet by a wide margin. The evolutions brought by these tools will allow me to do the work of 3 infra/sre guy all by myself. No offense there but it's very clear that the pricing is per host per month and it's a common practice in the industry. Thinking you could get away with your current setup for $15 is very naive of you. It looks like you red it well but your refused to acknowledge it? FYI prices for some popular services: - BMC (direct competitor to datadog) is $12 per host per month - SignalFx (other competitor) is using a $ price per metric stream per month (this one is tricky but they suggest to plan for $12 per host per month) - NewRelic is $75 per host per month - Dynatrace/Appdynamics are about $1000 per host per month - AWS/GCE have pricing per hour (which is annoying to convert per month) I agree on one thing though (and I did tell that to datadog guys directly). The price displayed in big should be $18 per month per host and not $15. The cheaper one if for an annual subscription which is not the most common case. Use ansible. It's like shell scripts on steroid. Basically, imagine a list of simple tasks, executing one by one in order. Instead of having bash commands which have crazy long arguments list and screw the whole script on failure, you get to use ansible commands (aka. modules) which are a lot easier to use and handle failures nicely (by stopping the run). And you'll never have to worry again about what happens when a command is ran twice. It simply doesn't do anything if there is nothing to change. Is that even a valid syntax for a URL? Probably not. Should have thought about compatibility before making up a naming scheme. Actually, to have worked with KiCad (a CAD design tool for integrated circuits). The only thing that make it worthwhile is that it is free (as in $0) whereas the industry standard (Eagle) is worth a TRUCKLOAD of money (many grands per seat). That hardly gives any choice to all students, most little companies and most professionals (especially outside their work computers at big companies). People have no choice. I'd hardly call that excitement when the competitor is unaffordable to 99% of the audience. It simply cannot die because of it's monopoly (of being the cheap option). Simply not true when the design is not trivial. I'm giving interviews with system design, I'd say that the majority of programmers who are decent cannot actually architecture anything well enough. And it doesn't matter if they're given more time, they don't have the training/experience for it. (They'll only learn the impact of their decisions later, eventually painfully). On the other hand, they may be able to develop it if handed and led through a proper architecture. I'd love to see an estimation of NetFlix for running the same infrastructure on GCE. All the instances are cheaper and faster. The networking is substantially faster, especially on smaller instances (I can imagine they have a lot of network IO given their business). No more reserved instances to manage. The discount is automatic on GCE when instances ran 24/24 for the month. (Reserved instances are a management nightmare when you have many servers, you can actually loose money). Replace all spot instances with the equivalent on GCE, which has fix pricing (about 70% discount) and is more dependable. (I imagine the core video business is extremely spot friendly). "GCs are complex and require lots of end-user tuning -- just look at the performance articles on Java." These articles are bullshit. Most settings are either obsolete or forcing the default. The rest is just useless. I spent months doing performance tuning of applications stacks which were using Java (for app, database or both). Most of the settings are useless and barely change +-1% in performance. The JVM has had good defaults for a while. The only thing one MUST configure is the -Xmn and -Xmx options to set the maximum amount of memory allocated to the java process (both settings to the same value). Same thing here from the seller side. Got a friend running some Bed and Breakfast hosting in the French countryside. The typical 50 year old that I'd hardly imagine selling on AirBnB (can he even use a computer ?). It turns out that he puts his listing on AirBnb and it's actually bringing in customers. You'll note that AWS Nat gateway are only available since less than 6 months. Any company who started before had to implement their own NAT gateway (we did). And with the shitty networking (150 Mbps top on large instances), that was the bottleneck for the whole subnet/VPC. GCE has a lot better networking and 1Gbps on their instances which may them way less sucky than AWS for anything routing related. Anyway. I migrated part of our cloud infra (one hundred instances, few subnets) to the new NAT gateway recently. It's working well so far but a few notes come to mind. You gotta use the latest terraform (or cloudformation, tip: TERRAFORM IS BETTER). Eventually, play with the Release Candidates if you started early. Ansible doesn't support NAT Gateway at all. (And probably that puppet/chef/salt do not either.) I doubt they will before next year. Just my 2 cents about NAT Gateway. Let's not be too quick to judge google when AWS just released the feature a few months ago and it's only being available in tools about now. Good. We're finally seeing people migrating to the better platform =) This article is addressing that most of the GCE services are simpler and a lot easier to use and manage than the AWS counterpartS. (That final S being important, having many small and unpolished pieces just contribute to the complexity.) It goes hand in hand with what I had already written about the platform. Expect GCE to be 20-50% cheaper and 1-3x faster: https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/06/15/gce-vs-aws-in-201... https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/06/22/a-simple-cost-com... When you see that GCE has less market revenues, you should keep in mind that GCE could be half the price of AWS in average (yep, no kidding). That means the actual gap in customers is way smaller than it appears at first sight ;) With that being said. Both platforms are relatively new and spinning services like mad, they both have important features missing (albeit not the same ones.) If you look at the internet users per country: http://www.internetlivestats.com/internet-users-by-country/ India has 462M people who can access internet at home, among 1326M inhabitants. That is a less lot than what one would think at first. Given that most companies reading HN are americans and some europeans. That brings the question of should we bother for the Indian market (early or at all)? Cultural barriers + Language issues and translations + TimeZone + A market which may not be that big and be fragmented or inaccessible That's exactly the reason I only source Thinkpads. The naming convention has been entirely static since the past 6 years. T410, T420, T430... for the 14" laptop. (Change the 14 to 15 for the bigger size.) The only madness they ever did was naming X210 (and subsequent numbers) for the 12 inch series. It's not just yet another listing. Nor it is about quasi-legal rental. For the user, it allows to find room by location, enter in contact, book and prepay in a convenient way that is unprecedented. For the hosting, it allows to easily rent, accept the money and reply to people. There were simply no service that allowed to neither buy nor sell that easily before. It had the side effect of attracting a lot of "black market" operations onto it but that doesn't make it about black market (even though it did play a role in the growth). AirBnB is about providing a great service to both buyer and seller. (Anyway, there's always been a HUGE black market for property rental. The incentive to declare are not worth it. AirBnB barely make the issue more visible.) The page I gave is for July 2016. It states that a "user" is someone who have access internet at home, at anytime of the day. No matter what device is used. Your page is old and complaining that the number of 485M given in 2012-2013 was overinflated. That seems about right given that the last numbers are still a bit under that by now. On a different topic. Ut looks like only 10-20% of connections are wired (e.g. broadband). The rest is wireless (probably mobile data) That seems important to know if going for that market. (red: target phone, bad bandwidth, bad latency.) I love doing that =D A while ago (when I was in aerospace) there was one senior people who gave us the price of insurance per head. Given that we're talking about 1M€ per head and that a plane can easily have 200 people. I have a hard time finding a situation where I can expect a Return On Investment by doing things poorly and cheaply. We're talking many millions of payout. (And yet, I'd love to have such a situation, it's always good to attract the attention of attendees at conference or student classrooms). Then later I realized that I've made a mistake in my calculation... I'm only accounting for A SINGLE plane failing and killing everyone. In the real world, a bad component would be shipped to a whole batch of planes and they'd fall randomly like flies. That batch-effect drastically increases the cost of failure. So... I really don't see ANY place where there is a ROI on people dying. BAZINGA!!! I'm from Europe and people are expensive there. The trick is to manufacture things for the 3rd world market where people get peanuts when they die (sometimes even nothing) :D But then again... we're back to square one, how could I build parts AND guarantee that they're only shipped to planes in low-cost locations? At that point, it's probably closer to a plane-by-plane targeted sabotage rather than a scheme of doing minimum-shit-to-close-sales. And when doing plane-by-plane there is no economy of scale :( ... Anyway! Just wanted to say that any analysis would clearly reveal that THE PLANE IS CHEAPER WHEN IT FLIES!!! (and your life is truly expensive) so you're fine. You can keep on using airplanes ;) Also, people at work do have a conscience. Once in a while they may forget about the importance of what they do, luckily there is a plane crash happening every few months to remind them that there are lifes at stake, for real (in case it was ever forgotten). It's the default search path for libraries which is well documented. (On the top of my head the function is LoadLibrary() on windows, see MSDN.) The thing is, there was a random guy who considered that a security issue and he started posting vulnerability reports and asking for bounties on quite literally EVERY software existing on the planet. e.g. firefox, chrome, internet explorer, nsis, inno setup, and many popular open-source applications (because of course, EVERY software is affected since the 30 years windows and all other OS doing the exact same thing have existed). It was a sort of epic scale hoax. (even though it's factually true that DLL are loaded from the current directory). That will lead to a whole generation of people who will read the reports and be mislead into thinking that this was a major security failure discovery. There is a very simple way to have French be more productive per hours. Let's compare a French and an American... - The French guy works 9 to 6. It's accounted as 35 hours and he gets paid for 35 hours. - The American guy works 9 to 6. It's accounted as 40 hours and he gets paid for 40 hours. They both do and produce the same thing. The statistics say that the French is more productive per hour ;) Been doing scrum forever. Even before it existed. And yet I never had to use points, ever. Scrum Meeting: - Follow the list of topics for today ... (may include) ... Show progress and new features ... Get feedback ... Discuss blocking points and resources needs ... Get update on supplier status (if buying/selling anything to 3rd parties) - Decide what are the priorities for this week - Schedule the meeting for the next week (send the list of topics you'll talk about) That's overly trivial. It mostly comes down to schedule a meeting every 1-2 week, show/say current status, repeat... No need to call that scrum and put fancy names on it. That seems utterly wrong to me. I'd expect any manager worth is salt to put that at a 10% or 20% (basically anywhere NOT 0) and uses that number as a reminder to devs that part of the job description includes MAINTAINING the system in proper condition, not just piling up new stuff on top of the existing random stuff. Same as a car needs regular maintenance, a dev project needs regular maintenance. I do believe that this N+1 - N captures the idea well. One issue though: If the requirements have changed, that is not a good metrics. i.e. We did that theme blue for Iphone, now people wants it to be green AND on windows. It's not necessarily technical debt, it's cancelling everything we've done to make something else entirely (even though it may seem superficially similar). If the requirements and/or features for N+1 ignore or counter the requirements/features from N, it's not necessary technical debt, it might be you've just got no idea what you're coding and you're running in circle. Does the American works 9 to 9? Anyway, I'd love to see a study that compare countries: - What time people say they do? - What time people actually do? - What time get accounted and paid for? That would be very interesting. I couldn't agree more. The words "career" and "open-source" should not go together. Unless by career, one means working for free, on unpaid projects, without [local] peers. There are few companies (Google, Facebook, IBM, RedHat, ...) that do open-source and a career there would be fine. But that's probably not what people think when they're talking about working for open source. As already said, you should use terraform which has its own DSL (called HCL). Inspired by JSON but way simpler and more appropriate for this specific task. Important tip: If you use one of jetbrains IDE (IntelliJ/PyCharm/...) there is a free plugin to handle terraform files. It gives the usual syntax highlighting + auto completion of variables and devices + detection of errors. It's very very nice! 4. In terms of VPC and networking. I am definitely not satisfied with AWS. - On GCE the security groups are created automatically and managed by the "role" of instances. On AWS there is no link between instances and security groups. I currently have to emulate the working of GCE over AWS with extremely complex ansible scripts just so that an instance called "repository" can actually be assigned to a group called "repository". - ELB (load balancer on AWS) cannot have a fixed IP (we've been waiting for that for YEARS). An ELB can only be accessed over a DNS name, and the underlying IP can change every 60 second. (Have fun with applications which are caching DNS). By comparison, GCE has had load balancers with fixed IPs forever. - AWS is a region nightmare. Many resources only exist in one region and cannot be accessed or even acknowledged to exist from another region. e.g. an AMI only exists in a single region. It's not possible to create a host with it in another region. It's not even possible to take that existing AMI and push it to another region. (As far as a region is concerned, other regions don't exist). All services on AWS are acutely region centric. I am currently expanding my infra to multiple regions and there are many obstacles to overcome. The networking and interconnections is definitely one of them. By comparison Google is not region centric like that. It's a lot easier to manage at planet scale. --- Just three major pain points on the top of my head. VIP: Very Important Tip +++ Use jetbrains free IDE (IntelliJ, PyCharm...) and install the plugins for HCL support. You'll get syntax highlighting + auto completion for variable and infrastructure names + visual report on lines with errors and quickfixes. Now HCL just because the easiest language in the world. (Seriously, it's not even a language, it takes 1 hour to master the syntax, top.) +++ Use terraform to create all the infrastructure backbone. (VPC, subnets, routing tables, DHCP options, etc... ) Terraform is the single best tool in the world to do that. It's also the only one currently in existence that is actually able to do that. (ansible and the likes are missing critical modules). +++ Do NOT use terraform to manage instances nor security groups. These things change wayyy too often and you'll struggle with states. Use one of the ansible/salt to create and manage them. They refresh their inventory to keep with external changes (at least ansible does) and they allow to run scripts on the resources. (e.g. tag all the EBS volumes of the instance, after the instance is up). Bonus: For every instance "name" you create, create and put it in a security group with the same "name". Then you can manage security groups by name ;) +++ Terraform can import existing infrastructure since v0.7 (this release :D) Just sayin'. +++ The state files is annoying to share and keep updated It used to be put in git. (it's still possible). It can be put in S3 (or similar options). The sharing is faster and it makes less state issues. +++ Because of the state files, terraform is good for "static things" and terrible for "fast moving things". That makes terraform appropriate for the VPC/subnet/... provisioning (the first point in this list ) But it's terrible for instances and security groups (another point in the list ) Known your strengths and weaknesses, choose the right tool for the job ;) AWS ELB limitations: No static IP. Only accessible through a domain name like "elb-role-12345.eu-west.aws.amazon.com" and the underlying IPs can change every 60 seconds. The feature has been missing for years, it doesn't have any workaround, it's not being worked on anytime soon. AWS vs GCE: Pick your limitations ;) >> What are some strategies to deal with this beyond picking a hyper specialization? Well, stop thinking about it. Not only it is depressing but it is also seriously wrong. I've been hearing that since before I started. Not only did it never happen, but it's getting more unlikely to happen every day. It's not possible to commoditize something that 99.xxx% of people are unwilling and/or unable to do. Yes, most people simply don't want to sit at a computer all day and/or don't have what it takes to be a decent programmer. And everyday the barrier to entry is getting a bit harder with more tools and more technologies and more abstractions appearing, each adding a bit more complexity over the precedent. If anything, look around you and watch the race to the top for the few who can follow. There are entire companies in our industry which exist to attract and bread the best and the brightest. --- Now, I can understand why some people would be afraid of a commodity market. Somewhere in the world, there will ALWAYS be a guy who only has $10 to pay for whatever thing he wants done AND there will ALWAYS be a guy that will offer to do the job for that price. That first guy will always accept the offer because he has no seemingly better alternative and he'll just burn the money hoping to get something in return. (note: ain't gonna happen. You just don't get anything real for $10). The point being: Just because there are some guys with no money and some guys who are screwing them. That doesn't mean that it's a "commodity market", let's just call that a "scam market". Anyone serious who wants to get the job done or anyone who can get the job done will simply NOT participate in this scam market. When we're talking real work, there is simply no commodity market whatsoever (in our field). A Google site criticizing Amazon... Am I the only one seeing the irony? Please don't say "huge" when talking about your traffic. That is misleading. The appropriate word to describe 8 requests/s is "nothing". Health checks and monitoring could do that much by themselves when there are no users. 200 requests/s is a very small site. To give you some point of comparison: 200 HTTP requests/s could be processed by a software load balancer (usual pick: HAProxy) on a t2.nano and it wouldn't break a sweat, ever. It might need a micro if it's HTTPS :D (that's likely to be generous). To be fair, I hardly expect any performance issues from the load balancer before 1000 requests/s. The load is too negligible (unless everyone is streaming HD videos). All the answers about scaling "ELB" are nonsense. There is no scale in this specific case. The "huge" peak being referred to would hardly consume 5% of a single core to be balanced. I used to criticize ELB a lot and avoid them at all cost. So do many other people on the internet. But at your scale, all our hatred is irrelevant, you should be way too small to encounter any issues. N.B. Maybe I'm wrong and ELB have gotten so buggy and terrible that they are now unable to process even little traffic without issues... but I don't think that's the case. In the city center the bus is useless because it's stuck in traffic jam. Any other option is better: bike/tube/overground/underground. Outside the city center. There are only a very few bus lines, infrequent and not covering much area. I suppose it's the same in most of the European countries: 10% of people have good nearby transportation. 50% of people live in the country side, with little to no transportation in sight. Car is highly recommended (usually considered mandatory). What usage could possibly need 5M log/s on a single system? Are you trying to log every TCP and UDP packet? To give a rough point of comparison, CloudFlare is taking 4M page views per second and that's 5% of the global internet traffic. I am working in an industry that is usually considered more shady than most of the examples given and it's nowhere to be found in that banlist. That's sweat! Where do I sign up? :D be right back Sure I've had my share of heisenbug. Still remember one not long ago where the dev enabled debug logs in all our applications at once over the week end. It turns out that a week end of log is 1 TB :D Back to the topic. I suppose that saying "5M/s" to refer to 5000/ms during a single millisecond is misleading. There are many implicit "buffers" (raw CPU power, intermediate hard drives, TCP queues, syslog/fluentd processing) that may smooth that kind of peak very aggressively long before it reaches graylog. Interesting talk by the way. I'm doing similar things, at a smaller scale though. Are you asking for our current payment provider? (Adyen) or are you asking for our website? That I'd rather not associate to "shady", and sadly we're blocked to operate in the USA [and most countries in the world] so that wouldn't help you anyway. Sorry. Well, the "or" is tricky considering I found the job on "HN: Who is Hiring" :D Let's say we operate an exchange (think: like a financial exchange except it's not). I really don't understand that fight. SAN storage and VmWare (ESXi) have been around forever. VmWare will gladly provision VMs over any SAN storage. Live migration has been available for more than 10 years (that's called VMotion and it requires any of paid edition). Prefer local storage? Put any sort of local storage on the server, VmWare will gladly provision VM on it. What's the most important thing in a storage... THE BACKUP! For backups, there are snapshots capabilities well integrated into VmWare (cold snapshots, live snapshots, incremental snapsnots, whatever you name it). All of this has existed for more than ten years. Standard protocols (iSCSI, FiberChannel, other) + robust enclosures (all vendors have SAN) + battle tested software and drivers (VmWare). A couple servers and some TB of storage is a nothing fancy. The cost of the setup is shared between the servers + the labor + many SAS hard drives + the enclosure (a very little part). It's really hard to take seriously an overly complex setup that is trying to imitate that over cheap untested hardware and software (NFS? seriously?). Not only it is a recipe for disaster in production but there isn't even any cost savings to be done. The cost of complexity and labors will be going wild with all the configuration. The hardware costs won't go down (still need many drives and servers). Good luck debugging that and retrieving data when things will go wrong. Well. I suppose it's fun for home labs and that's about it :D I am curious. If I may ask. Did the company actually decided to keep/lay the employees individually based on your feedback from the interview? Or were the destiny already decided beforehand and the interviews were just some acting? Meanwhile in "HN: Who is Hiring (August 2016)"[1] > Cisco Meraki | San Francisco & London | Full-Time ONSITE > ... I have the feeling that company is sending mixed signals. Well, on the bright side that can explain why they don't reply =) --- [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12222620 What are you talking about? Monitoring? Analytics? Big Data Visualization? Other? What do you want to see? I wouldn't be surprised if driverless cars were way more secure for pedestrians and cyclists. It's really difficult to keep track of pedestrians and cyclists when driving, whereas a driverless car has 360° nightvision. They both perform significantly faster than RDS MySQL. That's probably the lesson here. SQL connection pools are configurable in the application. When you care about performances, you have to do benchmarking to find the optimal number of concurrent threads for the specific load. It's noteworthy to see that google has a consistent total of queries per seconds (the average per thread drops almost linearly when adding threads), whereas RDS Aurora is exhibiting variable throughput and flat areas. Consistency > Raw Performances Don't bother with StackDriver if if gives ANY issues. They've been in a weird state since the acquisition 2 years ago. (But I still hope it will be fixed and become a great service at some point in the future). Use datadog instead. It does all the monitoring things and it works flawlessly. Also, try signalfx for the comparison. It's a good copycat but it lags behind in advanced integrations. Disclaimer: I am NOT affiliated with any of these services. Just a random customer who [tried] to evaluate them all. Looked at the documentation and quickly gave up on kubernetes. It's nice and it solves real problem but the barrier to entry is INSANE. And it's lacking wayyy to much documentation deploy in production on own cluster. It's probably gonna take years to improve. I'm wondering. Did anyone tried the kubernetes on GCE? If Google can handle all the annoying setup and makes a mostly managed service, that would be extremely attractive. Actually, that's probably the only way k8s would be achievable in production, i.e. have someone else do it. Think harder... how to bring self driving cars to the world... Currently, bus/overground/tubes/whatever have only few lines and they can cover a lot of users. Tomorrow, self driving cars could cover only the few main roads of a city. That would be enough to be useful for 80% of people in the city. That ignores the hard 90% roads which are harder to do. We'd still have to walk down the block to reach the uber and that's annoying, but that's a huge progress over the current public transportation systems (whom coverage vary hugely by city and country, to the point there might not be any). > a human would with less information. I'm arguing for the case where the human as NO information. Let's say, there's a bicycle/motorbike somewhat behind your cars. For a human driver, it can be seen in only one of the 3 rear mirrors at any point in time. Unless it's slightly behind-left or behind-right (e.g. to take over) in which case it's in the dead angle and can't be seen at all. By turning his head and using the mirrors, a human cannot see most of the 360° around a car. There are obstructed angles, not to mention that the human can only look toward one direction at once. The self driving cars with 360° vision can see things that a human couldn't. It has a chance to react where the human didn't. It took a while for powershell to be installed on most computers. It's still certainly missing on many computers (i.e. the oldest and most vulnerable). I actually don't know whether it is installed as default in the latest Microsoft OS and patches. That and the very easy way to analyse/reverse engineer scripts don't make a great candidate for malware. Anyway, the windows shell is enough for trivial scripts, and one might as well write software in a real programming language for the rest. I don't see why not. There are other [minor] competitors in the world. Is there any reason to believe that Apple would have follow led the way to mobile/phone/tablet if it were acquired by Microsoft a long time ago? Right. The gem was hidden in the big pile of articles. You're looking for this graph: https://cloudplatform.googleblog.com/2016/08/why-Google-Clou...