That's simple. If you want to hire a $150k developer, you offer $150k. If you want to hire a $60k developer, you offer $60k. You then interview people untill you find somebody with the potential that you are looking for. For the employer, it doesn't change much. They just lose some negotiating power. Now, from the employee point of view, all the trashy jobs are correctly marked, what will save a lot of his time. Also, he gets a small bonus in negotiation power. If you are a great developer (say, you are better than 99% of them), just marking what jobs are not fit for you will reduce the time spent on getting a job by orders of magnitude. That's the difference between the job board being useless to being usefull. As a consequence, one can hope (not a certain thing) that great developers will flock into a system like this, so that would become the place to go to get great developers, and as a consequence all the great jobs go there. Launching and quitting your job don't have to happen at the same time. Most companies choose a stack and keep it. Developers don't even get a say. Everything is huge in China. That doesn't mean that most chineese can order something online and receive it at their door. (I don't know if they can. But your comment is a non-sequitour.) What? Do B&N tel you that you can't backup their ebooks on their marketing material? I dunno. Testing their ideas by the cheapest possible procedure seems like something that every startup should. Maybe there are exceptions, but that's not obvious at all. It's ok that sometimes the cheapest possible option is still quite expensive. That isn't reason to use anything more expensive. It is also true that not all startups that do it will succeed, and that not all startups that don't do it will fail. But it looks like the kind of thing that will increase the chances of any startup, not just a subset of them. Makes one wonder how the entire Lean Movement first appeared at manufacturing... Yep, the advices on the Lean Startup gides is quite directed at software, but it is an specialization of a more general idea. You teach lean thinking to his boss. (And make no complains, just teach it.) Infix notation is compact. That makes it better for parsing by humans with limited short term memory. If you put it inside your brain, and it assumes the tasks of each neuron when it dies, what's the difference? Also, can you cross the same river twice? I still disagree. Since inception patent law is heavily lobbied (except that in some cases lobby didn't have a name yet), and legislators refuse to fix its very visible flaws. About the same patter repeated on every country. The entire buleting stands for: "We take these risks very seriously. We analised it, and concluded that we shouldn't take this risk seriously." It's crowdsourced, so you shouldn't comply about the site, but its audience. Anyway, I agree that if my C# code compiles, it does probably work. Just like Java, C# makes it hard to shoot yourself on the foot (and also to shoot at all, like somebody already said here). On RSA, knowing ay of the factors used is enough to break the key. Thus, you brute force 256 bits RSA with the same number of tries that you brute force 128 bits AES. Or, in other words, when you create a 256 bits RSA key, it's guaranteed that one of the factors will have at most 128 bits. Thus, it's only as strong as a 128 bits AES against brute force. But anyway, that's a moot point, because criptoanalysis exists, and there are better than brute force attacks against both algorithms. Probably the enitire community of security researchers did review OpenSSL, gnutls or GPG, maybe only once, but they did. (Didn't you?) Anyway, pulic development was the anwer that I'd give here. Keep in mind that even the researchers often make mistakes when they implement the algorithms, and the main reason that their implementation is better than the GP's or mine is not because they know more (altough they do know more), but because there are knowledgeable people doing QA on it. Anyway, you are idiot only if you use your own imlementation for anything serious. There is no problem in rolling your own crypto if you only do it for fun. I don't realy like rocking a boat... but quantum cryptography can't realy be used in practice. Or, better, any practical implementation of quantum cryptography is succeptible to attacks. And the entire thing still needs an authentication method, guess what we use for authentication nowadays. That comes from the second law of thermodynamics. Setting a bit on the computer reduces its entropy, so it must dissipate enough heat to increase the entropy of the Universe by at least the same amount. Notice that this only applies to setting it into a known value. In theory there are some operations that we can do without dissipating any heat. As I said, that's by the second law of thermodynamics... There is a nice tought" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxwell%27s_demon>tought experiment linking thermodynamics to information theory. And guess what, experiments agree with the theory. After you have the theoretical framewok done, it is just a matter of applying the Boltzmans" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boltzmann%27s_entropy_formula&#... entropy formula , and you are done. As much as I hate the current US patents situation, the USPTO can't do much about it. Bad patents can get submited as many times as the holder wants, but the USPTO can only mistake a bad patent for a good one once, and it's granted. I've just tried it. That code compiles without warnings by the default configuration of gcc version 4.4.5 (Debian 4.4.5-8) in my desktop (it's an up-to-date Debian Stable install). If the default settings of gcc included throuwing out warnings for every time a function is declared without parameters and missing the void, lots of people would complain, and loud. It's a very common construct. 26,000mAh Please, those letters have meaning. You can't just replace them at will. Yes, and the most common way of achieving that is by showing me ads, not by selling my photos. Now, why should I have assumed the latter, and not the former? Hell, I don't have an Instagram acount anyway... They are equivalent. None of them is weaker. And, by the way, your PC (Von Neuman architecture) is an example of finite automatum. I've seen the FA formalism used in computing theory a few times. Yet, I'm also missing whatever enlightment the author is looking for. But, if for no other reason, it's worth learning just because it's a very nice tool. Microkernels could use some hardware optimizations... And most of those optimizations are good for virtual machines too, so they'll get done. In due time, message passing kernels will get so much faster than interruption based ones that we'll ask ourselves why we used monolitical kernels all this time. (And somebody will have to explain that microkernels used to be slow, and this person will be met with skepticism.) That said, the computers we had at the 80's and 90's were completely unfit for microkernels. Mach was about the best you could have by then. (But all that discussion about microkernels is an irrelevant sideline. Linux got adopted because it was there, if it weren't we'd probably use some version of BSD instead.) But those are worse than UNIX, not better. "By the time employees think about taking a job elsewhere, it's often already too late." Is that really true? Well, not for me. Every time I changed jobs, it was because of the money. The only time I worked in a bad environment, my boss was let go before I quit. All those times, if I could receive a bigger salary without changing jobs, I'd probably stay there. The elephant in the room is always how well the Linux driver for the GPU works (if it exists). Or, to put it in another light. As a non-victim, it's easy to conclude that just about 1% of the people have some random bad behaviour. As one of the 0,5% that are victims, it's quite obvious that there are 2 jerks for each one of your kind, and they have nothing better to do. > Why do we always want to declare a winner? You are right. But I came to that page after reading about a faster and smaller JSON at HN, thus I was expecting to find a faster and smaller JSON. It's just another case of bad marketing hurting a brand. > The thing I noticed about NoSQL is that, at least with Mongo, you just end up putting your schema in your app. And, in my point of view, that is the main advange of NoSQL. You can distribute all the schema related functionality while keeping the data centralized in a server. Of course, you'll only want to do that when the performance requirements are hight enough that the centralized schema becomes a botleneck... What of course isn't a problem when you are prototyping and have no user yet. Or, in other words, the article is right on the mark. There aren't enough competent programers to automatize the entire world. Of course, if I was hiring for an IT company, I'd look for the best... But most of the world will have to content themselves with poor programers. Anyway, poor programers work their best (less worst) in strong typed environments. That includes a very restricted schema on the database. It's much better having them write queries that nobody could read than having them insert data that nobody could read. Typed languages add a ton of boiterplate to what would be simple operations. That slows you down, more than most people notice. Now, that said, explicity typing makes it easier to catch a lot of mistakes, and helps you keeping you data consistent. It's very usefull... But slows you down. As a conclusion, you want to explicitly type anything that is important, but also wants to keep the explictly typed data to a minimum. (What makes optional typing, like in Haskel very interesting.) And, in nearly all the applications all the important data (and very little unimportant data) goes to the DB. > But I'm not convinced that it's easier to use a stylus than a finger to tap buttons. I have an stylus based ereader. It is great to get some document and make notes all over it. For example, it is great to put a circuit diagram in it, and then redraw lines, add parts, draw arrows, etc. It feels like paper, except that it's slower and easier to erase. You don't get that with a keyboard. Seems that Brazil was not shaped by "war", but by "military". I'd say it's right on the mark. What, I just created an account in Ad-Sense, and got a thread of emails explaining to me how can I use it, with a dicount coupon. After I failed to use it, I got another thread of emails, each time more personal, with hints and phone numbers I could call to get a personalized campaign, and an increase in the coupons discount. Now, about each 6 monts I get physical mail from Google with phones and coupons, each time with a more elaborated impression (they tought about nice paper, credit-like cards, nice envelopes). All this time I've given Google no money at all. > shouldn't be very hard Somebody already published one in SourceForge. I realy doubt MS can't do that. But then, MS's strategy is to risk their PC dominance to make inroads at portables. Such a patch would antagonize their (failing) marketing efforts. My parents could use their new Win8 computer quite well. But then, after seeing lots of tutorials, trying things for a long time and exploring all the new interface, they asked "Can't you really put a start menu on that thing?" It's not the end of the world. But it's not a good interface either. Thanks a lot. I've just got one Arduino, and was wondering where to start :) Well, unless the project manager is a "professional" as in the article, yes, it would solve the problem. Congratulations, if you have statistical relevance on those numbers, you've just clustered your clients into too different populations. Now, you just need to discover why one of the populations had better results than the other, and act acordingly. Don't forget to do actual A/B tests to verify your hypotesis. Not dangerous, but completely useless. Self signed certificates are only usefull if you communicate them by another medium. And even then, browsers make it quite hard to manually add certificates. That may be because they are big. (YC may not be big in terms of money invested, but they are in terms of number of startups.) It may also be because they somehow help those startups succeed. Thus, they don't pick winners, they make winners. Another possibility is that successful startup founders self select themselver into those founds. Django was recently ported, but South wasn't, and then there are the CMS packages - Mezzanine didn't even start, and I don't see how one can even discover the Django-CMS status. When you get to the top, every way is down. Currently (well, before the portables took over) everybody has a Windows machine, and buys Ofice for it. Once people change to non-Windows machines, they don't get more numerous , thus, if MS drops the price to stay competitive, revenue will go down. Yes, they do, they also get richer. But changes in population and economy aren't quick enough to compensate for an order of magnitude drop in price. At least not at the short term. > How do you show that something is not caused by a hidden Z? By doing a controled study. Of course, in this case, we're better not knowing than paying that kind of cost. > If we go on that, then you'd have to find another event that occurred at similar rates in similar geographic areas. There are lots of events that correlate with income (thus, with the geographical distribution). And lots of them correlate with the fall or raise of crime in the article. Getting an event that correlate with both raise and fall of crime, like lead intoxication does, will be harder. But I doubt it's impossible. The thing is, we have a causal nexus, we have the correlation, but we have no idea how strong the nexus actualy is, so we can't conclude the correlation is caused by the nexus. And we won't discover, because we won't conduct the kind of experiments needed for it. Depends on how good that other person is, doesn't it? Is that required by some local law? Or was that insurance needed for your clients to trust your product? > Humans do not get offended when their car doesn't start because it's out of gas and doesn't offer an apology. > Humans do not get offended when they click to a cable channel that they aren't subscribed for and an expression of sympathy isn't displayed. > Humans do not get offended when the hold a hammer by the "business end" and try to drive a nail in with the handle, and an "I'm sowwy!" flag doesn't pop out of it. Well, I think you should reevalutate that info. Except for the second case, if people know they shouldn't get the show, people do in fact get offended by those innanimate objects. To the point of yelling to them. Sounding like a human will add more value than removing every word you can. Unless, of course your target audience isn't human or doesn't like to read human generated text (a trait that everyone seems to aquire while in front of a UNIX system). Sounding like a human will make people read more of your message than simply making it brief, and understand it better. Also, it will make people like it more. But that doesn't means that you should apologize. You must give all your messages the same personality, and some kinds of personality just don't apologize...