Werkzeug had an example with the same semantics (decorator for URL rules and returning strings and response objects from functions) for a long time. But neither did Werkzeug come up with that, the original idea was TurboGears which did it that way. So by that logic, bottle is a cheap knockoff. However, I do have to point out that denied is a joke which should be pretty obvious from reading the source and watching the screencast (and quite frankly, just by looking at the website in detail). Well, the run() function was intended to be a very bad example of API. Because there is that magical application object you never see that run magically picks up. There is another example of really bad API in denied: there is a template render function internally (you have to read the code behind the code to see that) which magically accepts both filenames for templates and template source strings. And there are a couple of more examples of really, really bad ideas in that code. Because I wanted that trendy "fork me on github" badge on the website. And for that a code repository has to exist :) > Huh, weird. This seems to crib very heavily from my original Simple JavaScript Inheritance implementation: http://ejohn.org/blog/simple-javascript-inheritance/ It is, see the AUTHORS file which credits that URL. In fact I was using a slightly modified version of your code for a long time but had to do some changes in order to use it for a project of mine. Basically I need classes implemented in a way that they will work in the presence of any other JavaScript framework. Reason: this JavaScript is injected into unknown code by a middleware system. > It even uses the 'classy' name and logo (stemming from an April Fools joke that I ran that used the aforementioned inheritance implementation): http://ejohn.org/blog/classy-query/ Interesting. I did not know that one. Name was rather obvious and did not return any direct hits with projects named like this so I went with it. The original drawing of that logo is the search result on Google images for "classy" with filter set to linedrawing. Original author unknown, I just vectorized it. > ... but on the whole it looks very very similar to the original implementation that I wrote. Odd. If you want a more obvious attribution than the AUTHORS file, just let me know. Other changes besides hasOwnProperty, the ability to use the library without modifying window, and $ prefixed names so that it does not clash with custom attributes is a more python/javascript inspired naming scheme for special methods and attributes (__init__ etc.) and support for mixins. Also attributes are properly removed if they were unset previously and not just reassigned with undefined and classes can be instanciated without new like in Python. Can't count how often my code did funny stuff because I forgot new there :) All in all, the idea is to have that fairly common piece of object orientated JavaScript class bootstrapping under an open source license so that anyone can use it. I hope I succeeded with that. > The reversal of the "extends" paradigm is interesting. It seems very natural. What made you go with that? I think the earliest version of that was prototype which I think used Class.create and Object.extend. I've seen that in many JavaScript class implementations so far. > I use Crockford's object.beget rather than normal JS constructors, and that works quite fine. Crockford's beget patches on Object which I think is a terrible idea. The main reason why people create class libraries on top of JavaScript is the constructor problem (that setting up the "inheritance chain" triggers the constructor even though we only want the prototype). "however i am not using werkzeug anymore as i don't like the way people act in #pocoo on freenode. this is the only reason i am not using werkzeug. they are ignorant and i don't like it." Would be nice to know if this is a general thing or if we did something in particular wrong. Because if that is what you remember of this channel we should really improve our behaviour then. So it would be nice if you could elaborate on that. I'm embarrassed it had to come to that, but the testsuite was lacking tests for templates in folders and a bug sneaked in. Hopefully it will work with any WSGI application because even Django applications might use WSGI components and thus have a custom WSGI application object. posixpath.normpath can never leave ./ in front: >>> import posixpath >>> posixpath.normpath('./../test') '../test' > The author also makes a common mistake: blacklisting as safe string escaping. Which is why it says "at the very least". Werkzeug's secure filename function explicitly only whitelists characters in filenames. > Moreover, this whole article embodies the statement NEVER, EVER, IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES TRUST USER INPUT. The problem is that often you will assume that certain APIs were written with that in mind when they were not. os.path.join for instance looks very innocent. I expect my database abstraction layer also to handle SQL injection projection for me, so I would be very confused if SQLAlchemy turned out to not escape strings passed in as placeholders. Sympathy or not, these things happen. > I really hoped Armin would come around, and I committed to Werkzeug for a new project with eyes on 3. All commits to Werkzeug are currently happening with a port to Python 3 in mind. However I am not going to do the same mistake the standard library made in many parts and change the semantics of the library for Python 3 and trusting 2to3 to do the correct thing. A full port of Werkzeug to Python 3 will take time but it will happen eventually. The point here is that everybody should go with Python 2.7 and write the code forwards compatible. Then you have all the options (of going with PyPy if you need and upgrading to Python 3 if it's worth the effort). All I can say right now is that so far users are not too eager with Python 3 yet and I have limited resources as well. If anyone wants to help out, I am more than happy to assist in any way possible to make Werkzeug run on Python 3. I also monitor changes in the stdlib that could affect WSGI on Python 3, so it's not that I'm ignoring it. Python is not on the way to suicide. All I said was that right now you shouldn't be too concerned with Python 3 yet and instead make your own code upwards compatible. If your base Python version is 2.7 upgrading will not be the biggest problem, especially not if you are working on a high level like you do when you use a web framework. He is not. I had that post mirrored on that website for a blog post about a year ago. I have no idea who submitted that here. In Python versions older than 2.6 and on Google appengine it's the only reliable way to generate bytecode. For things like template engines this is important to not add extra overhead over an already slow language. > If your application's bottleneck is in parsing templates, either everything else is really fast or you have way too many complex templates. There are countless of examples where the template engine is the bottleneck of an application. If you are doubting that, I welcome you to try it yourself. Benchmarking Django's templates and Genshi is an eye opening experience. :) Never trust a benchmark you didn't run yourself. A realistic Genshi template is butt slow. More than a handful function calls per byte emitted is not uncommon. Regarding Django it become a lot slower when they introduced automatic escaping and loop item unpacking a while ago. I have seen many people switching from Django templates to Jinja2 especially because of the increased performance. > It just seems they've been working on 1.3 for soo long. Sam Lantinga recently left blizzard and converted SDL into a commercial project. That shows his commitment to the library, so it's barely a duke nukem forever. Also SDL 1.3 is perfectly useable. > * GL_COLOR_BIT should be GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT. This may be a change which occurred between the version the author used and the version I pulled today. Fixed. > Doesn't really mention which OGL libraries are needed. Cmake is amazing :D As the author of said document: The title here is misleading. While this attack is a form of CSRF, doing that does not magically solve all your CSRF problems. It just counters one particular attack vector which are JSON responses. > Because [] is not syntactic sugar for new Array In Firefox 4 and other new browsers this is no longer the case. But right now it's still an issue as many people are using older browsers. I would describe it more carefully. Bottle's advantage that it's self contained and in a single file, however bottle's design also hides away the application object from you which makes it quite hard to have more than one of them. It is possible with the stacked object thing and I think they changed it even to make it possible to do what Flask did, but when Flask started at least there was a design difference there. By now I really would like to see them merge, but Bottle wants to stick to the design idea of just having one file which Flask will never be able to do because of the dependencies. We're getting rid of all the magic we can avoid. With 0.7 barely any magic is left with the notable exception of backwards compatibility. > Some people feel @auth_required() is ugly. That's all. The biggest issue here is backwards compatibility. Nowadays I just make a separate decorator that accepts arguments and keep the old one around unchanged. I learned my lesson :) I could also aim with a bazooka at my foot. Been there done that, lesson learned :-) > My rule is to either work with integer Unix timestamps or timezone-aware datetime objects. A naive datetime object is, well, naive. If it's the number of seconds since the Epoch, represent it as a number, not an object. The object is basically just a wrapper around that number anyways. From the programmer's perspective there is not really a difference. Even in that situation it's a terrible idea to store local time alone. In the calendar situation (which is the exception not the rule!) I personally would store the time in UTC, in local time and the name of the country separated. I would not store the local time alone because what do you show in the calendar if you are in a different country? If the assumption is that the problem is a theoretical one because nobody has appointments in the middle of the night when DST changes come, I present you with sysadmins, rescue workers and other people that do have these things scheduled at odd times. I know that around DST changes many people explicitly not work over night to avoid these issues. Same with year changes and other situations where computing and time does not work properly. For instance overnight trains in Europe just wait for an hour and do nothing. > You store the local time and timezone. You show the value in whatever timezone the user configured the application. Because local time is ambiguous. During DST changes local time can mean that it happens twice. Your calendar would have to show 4 AM twice for instance and if you want to make an appointment there you would have to select which one you actually mean, thus UTC + local time. But granted, it does not happen often that people schedule appointments during DST switches, but certain professions have to so certain people already have to live with that. > If you store both the Unix timestamp, the local time and the timezone, you have too much information. Nope. That is incorrect. If I store local time only + timezone and someone sets a date during that transition window it's ambiguous. If I store the date in UTC only and remember the timezone that date was intended for I will not be able to account for changes in the timezone. For instance the legislation of the country could deactivate or change DST settings (which is not uncommon). In that case the timezone information of my operating system will change again and my appointment will move without my consent. If I store both I can see if they are still in sync and if not, prefer the local time and rebase as necessary. In practice: compilers usually don't touch expressions with volatile vars. > Can't the system just do nothing to signal it's not ready yet? In an async system that means you either have to suspect execution (for instance by yielding something) or to block. And blocking is bad. > Python 3 support Will come eventually. Right now the topic comes rarely up and it requires a ton of work on the Werkzeug side to make it work in a way that is user friendly. That being said, Flask and Jinja2 are not the problem here. The former easily works on Python 3 and the latter already does (just that we don't have any users on Python 3 yet). I have no idea how the LOC numbers of Flask come together though. Flask itself is 1.4KLOC, Jinja2 is 6.5KLOC and Werkzeug is 10KLOC (all measured without tests). Even if you add them up you don't end up with 32KLOC. > Where does one draw the distinction between micro- and megaframeworks? Or, for that reference, just a "framework"? Here is how we (Flask developers) define microframework: http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/foreword/#what-does-micro-mean Those are not lines of code. That includes docstrings which all of Pocoo code is full of. If you want to measure lines of code you at least have to skip comments, docstrings and empty lines. And for that there is sloccount. This also includes the testsuites btw. With this little script ( http://paste.pocoo.org/show/465885/ ) I get the following results: Flask 1467 LOC Jinja2 6560 LOC Werkzeug 9923 LOC Bottle 1910 LOC (FWIW) > Bottle does what it does with 1/10 of the code that runs flask. Not all of the code that is in Jinja2 or Werkzeug is used by the average Flask application. Also Flask does a lot more than Bottle, even for the same things. The routing system behind Werkzeug itself already comes close to 1KLOC (and for good reasons). Which is why I think that any comparison between Bottle and Flask is pretty pointless, it's not really a fair fight for either. For Flask it was never a goal to have less code than another framework, in fact, from our perspective that's quite a pointless goal. Indeed. The whole concept of when a framework starts or stops being micro is quite arbitrary. > Flask creates new concepts that seem counter intuitive to me at the first look. You don't have to use them. Just do the Bottle way if you prefer. What killed the service for me was the lack of .io domain. > We lost that argument because no one cared I think the Python community in general adopted that Concept though. The term "view function" is much more common than "controller method". Flask at one point even had the term MTV in the docs I think but we just got rid of it and no longer mention any design patterns there. It's just too much confusion. Often enough people jump into the IRC channel and ask how to use "MVC" with Flask and what their question really boils down to is how to use a class instead of a function. Design patterns are good and well, but I think documentation should encourage more thinking outside the box. You are preaching to the choir. :-) I will check this, this is just for testing anyways. > Big fan of Flask, so I do hope there will be other methods of authentication (or none at all until you want to save your work). Sorry for that. I thought it would be the easiest way for people to sign up but I guess I will add OpenID as well. There goes my unique flask-extension documentation style. :( It's not very hard to do. The trick is to know a resource that only the user can access and then trigger an HTTP request to it. For instance if you have website a and say the user profile "mitsuhiko" can only be edited when you are logged in as "mitsuhiko" on http://a.example.com/profile/edit/mitsuhiko you could use this code to see if the logged in user is "mitsuhiko": Why does this work? Because onload is fired if the resource answers with 200 OK, not if it's a valid script. onerror is called for any other error code. So if you know what you are probing for: easy. // Edit: Yes, this is most likely not what Facebook is doing if that's their only method of security. However see my reply to the first comment here about the security aspect for a possible way to solve this problem. > Except something like this would be easily spoofable, ie. you could set your hosts file to make all a.example.com links return HTTP 200's, or open firebug to call user_is_logged_in() and you could reset passwords without any email. Yes. But depending on how gmail works it could me made reliable and secure. For instance if you can share images with gmail users you could generate a unique image for that user, do the same thing with an tag, access the image data with JavaScript, send it back to the server and compare if the contents are the one you shared. I do not have a gmail account so I don't know if this is possible, it it seems like it would be possible for Google+ from briefly looking at it. It would work on any service that allows you to share an image with one individual user. Only facebook knows the image it generated. Since that image is only shared with that one mail address you won't be able to spoof it unless you control that mail address. > The service would need to send out the Cross Origin Resource Sharing headers in order for the image to be accessible via and the service also needs a means for the querying server to test if a certain image is indeed the one associated with the user. // EDIT: ignore what was here, you're right. You are missing the two way communication that is impossible with URL handlers. A URL handler can only transmit information in one way and cannot do that implicitly. The user has to click on that link. > Sounds like the author of the article has no idea what a multimethod actually is then. :-) The author (me) knows what multimethods are. I did however not find a better term to refer to the `iter(x)` -> `x.__iter__()` / `x.__getitem__()` concept.