Encryption would only stop attackers that are too stupid to grab the encryption key that would be sitting right next to the database. Browser would need to decrypt it, after all, and if browser can so can anyone else. The violation is that adblockers were blocking ads in other 3rd party apps. Manipulating other apps is the violation. This has nothing do with the blocking ads on the web like people are saying. These instead block ads in things like Angry Birds and other apps. > First, Android hasn't solved the updating problem. Sure it has - buy a nexus device, get updates. The rest isn't Google's problem as they aren't Google's devices. > It lacks code-signing Wrong. > Apps have access to a shell. So? The shell they can access can't do anything the app can't. That's like saying apps can run code - no shit, what's your point? > App Permissions, though many people think they help with this problem, actually have nearly no effect whatsoever on the ability to root/jailbreak/privilege escalate on Android. Of course they don't, because those are completely unrelated. iOS's code signing and other stuff hasn't stopped it from getting jailbroken. Complex systems have bugs, who'd have guessed it? Also rooting is an actual feature on some Android phones (such as all Nexus ones) - not an exploit. > Apps can dynamically update their own code at runtime. Yup, and as a result Android users get to enjoy real web browsers, for example. And languages with JITs. > If you wanted to develop a mobile/embedded platform to bring a new generation of users onto the web and into your customer base, you should have spent about 5 minutes figuring out how to do it without opening them up to harm. Android is the way it is because it wasn't believed these design features (aka safety) couldn't be included in the beginning. Wrong. Android is easily the most securely designed OS out there that still allows side loading, period. Not claiming it is the most secure, as there are obviously bugs, but the most securely designed. Desktop OSes are incredibly bad here, and iOS only manages to prevent it by stripping you of all your freedom. Gmail's IMAP supports the IMAP push extensions. I don't know if Apple's Mail app supports them or uses them, but just because it's IMAP doesn't mean it isn't push. Of course they don't deny indirect because that would be a lie. Everyone provides data indirectly via a thing called "warrants". Google publishes how many indirect requests they comply with right here: http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests Kind of like this? http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests If you believe this "PRISM" thing exists at all how the media is painting it, your data isn't safe in ANYONE'S hands. Google has way better lawyers to fight that stuff (and clearly DO fight this stuff - see the National Security Letters thing) than most other cloud companies. Google & Facebook have literally said exactly that. You are just refusing to believe them for some reason. False, national intelligence is still covered by Google's transparency report - see the NSL (National Security Letters) part. Google has been by far unquestionably, undeniably the MOST transparent. They were the ones that started disclosing government requests in the first place. They are the ones currently fighting against National Security Letters as being unconstitutional in the courts. If you can find a more transparent company when it comes to government data requests I would love to know about that company. And no shit Facebook and Google are in damage control mode. They'd be in damage control mode regardless of if they are guilty or innocent, this is a huge PR disaster for both of them and nobody seems to give a shit what the facts are - this went from a few bad power point slides to national panic overnight. Being under a gag order is VERY different from being under a "legal obligation to lie". There is no such thing as a legal obligation to lie. You can be under a legal obligation to not disclose it, or to not talk about it, yes, but to lie about it? No, absolutely not. Maybe these companies have VOLUNTARILY lied, that's possible, but that's also rather unlikely as that would suggest they are friendly with the NSA for some reason. Correcting your mistakes is not shameful or pathetic. Simple, you say "no comment". Companies do this all the time. Of course we can go back to business as usual post-PRISM, because PRISM turned out to be absolutely nothing. It's a mundane, boring data storage & analysis system for data obtained through FISA requests about specific individuals. It's not a data dump from major tech companies, it's not a warrant-less spy program, etc... Here: http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/06/08/18850035-intellig... The people up in arms aren't thinking logically, they are thinking emotionally. That's a terrible way to make any sort of decision. > It is a low view of the NSA to think that they do not have the ability to real-time decrypt SSL certs from every major SSL cert authority. For most SSL certs this is probably true, but Google uses perfect forward secrecy which makes this very unlikely if not damn near impossible: http://googleonlinesecurity.blogspot.com/2011/11/protecting-... > I still find these numbers fairly high. If cops need a warrant to get into my home why don't they need one to get into my "facebook home"? The COPS do - they are required to get warrants for data requests and those warrants can't be overly broad. The NSA are not cops, though, and somehow ended up with different rules. > but they mention nothing about the allegation that NSA didn't need to submit these requests. That's because everyone has already denied that claim. If you didn't believe them the first thousand times they said they don't do that, why would you believe them if they said it yet again? What are you looking for? The statements have all been made by those companies, and they all deny that any sort of broad data access by the NSA happens. Either FB|Microsoft|Google|Yahoo|etc... are all lying, or Snowden didn't understand what he leaked. I'm betting the later. > The government has already shown us how they are fully capable of lying, and even worse - forcing companies under their control to lie. The government can, and does, lie. The government can NOT force other companies to lie. Nor is the claim that Facebook & others are under the governments control remotely supported by anything resembling evidence. Pretty sure the NSA isn't that stupid to leave that loophole wide open. Similarly Google probably isn't allowed to disclose the past 6 months even in aggregate since they already published specifics. Most links I encounter on the internet are underlined in addition to colored. Apple has historically changed almost nothing between the developer previews and the public releases. There's no reason to think they will start now. Strong selling point WAS consistency. It clearly isn't now, as iOS 7 is hilariously inconsistent with itself even within a single screen. Scrolling repaints the content (expensive) Changing a translate3d does not repaint the content, it simply translates a GPU texture (damn near free) Sadly desktop browsers haven't caught up to their mobile equivalents yet and still have brain dead scrolling. Nope If the phone is off it cannot be remotely accessed, and thus cannot be used as a remote listening device. Which is stupid because of how obviously wrong it is. Batteries that can sustain the cell radio, CPU, and audio DSP are not small and easily concealed, and more importantly tear downs of phones happen all the time and no such reserve power is ever found. > The article linked to above, plus several other sources I've come across suggest you are incorrect. They are wrong. Which is not unusual, news outlets get technical information wrong all the bloody time. Hell, they get things wrong more often than they get them right. > I don't pretend to understand it, but there is some technique that makes your phone into a remote listening device even when off. Nope. > Also -- that's the whole point -- otherwise Snowden would just say "Please turn your phones off". Snowden is a dramatic source, not an accurate one. I'm glad he blew the whistle because it brings the NSA into the media's focus, but technical accuracy is clearly not his strong suit. They sell these devices for $20 or so called "multimeters" that let you measure this. Also there's the pretty fucking obvious fact that the battery suddenly lasts for months instead of hours. source.android.com Sure, but those greeting cards typically don't have quad core CPUs in them, either. You'd have to expand the claim to not only include hidden reserve power, but also hidden reserve memory, CPU, and audio system. Not to mention somehow convincing phone OEMs to actually spend the money adding this system to their motherboards and building it - there's no way in hell you are randomly sneaking that in at the factory without the OEMs knowledge. So now you also have to somehow keep the OEMs quiet about it. In a word, "bull-fucking-shit". > This advice is wrong. Try turning off an older feature phone's regular operating system, and then plugging it in to charge. Many of them will immediately come alive with a "charging" indicator on the screen, even when supposedly powered off. This pre-boot mode is perfectly capable of turning on the mic and recording what's going on. Smartphones do the same thing. But that's triggered by a hardware interrupt (you physically connecting power to an input). You CAN NOT do that remotely, as there must be power on the receiver to receive the signal in the first place. Or here, let's simplify it. Power off your cell phone, then have someone call it. Does it ring? No, of course it doesn't. Your argument is that by changing the caller from your friend to the NSA that somehow the phone would now be able to react to that signal. Which is utterly idiotic. Definitive source is easy as shit - power off your phone, then see if it's drawing any power from the battery. If it's not, then it can't be remotely activated. Period, end of story. That's just flat out not possible. If we had the technology to receive wireless signals without using any power our cell phones would have batteries that last for weeks instead of a day. > NOTE: Moore's law is concerned with number of transistors on a chip. That number has climbed, it's just split into several cores. Exactly, so now Moore's law is working against JavaScript, since JS doesn't do threading. So let's assume JS somehow magically gets to be ~2x slower than native instead of ~4x slower. With the standard being quad cores now, that makes JS ~8x slower than native doing image processing - you know, that whole "instagram" thing that's insanely popular on smartphones. And during that ~8x longer it's spending processing that image, your UI is completely frozen and unresponsive. Yes I know about WebWorkers, but WebWorkers are hideously inefficient & slow by design. The limitations with them are also absurd, it is not a substitute for threading. The world is better off forgetting that they exist - which it basically has. You know who else cooperates with the NSA? The Linux community. You know, that whole "SELinux" thing? Yeah, that's an NSA project. Turns out cooperating with the NSA doesn't automatically mean spying on the public, it could instead be hardening crypto security. Which is the NSA's other job, it turns out. Apple was probably the last approached as until fairly recently they didn't have any data as their cloud services were categorical failures. Yahoo still ranks far, far behind Google (and Twitter, and Dropbox, and etc...) according to the EFF: https://www.eff.org/sites/default/files/who-has-your-back-20... > right now the evidence points towards Yahoo doing that better than most. Evidence still points to Google quite solidly leading in this area. Yahoo has 1 gold star from the EFF, Google has considerably more. Assuming you place any value in glittery gold stars from the EFF, that is. Yahoo didn't challenge their involvement in PRISM according to these court documents. They instead challenged FISA orders. PRISM is not mentioned anywhere. The shitty CNET article is conflating the two, but they are not the same. So no, Yahoo has not contradicted themselves. The mount point of the internal storage is /sdcard, that's probably what he meant. > So 4.3 fixes neither the ad-hoc WiFi issue #82 nor the audio latency issue #3434. Low latency audio is "fixed" on the Android side, it needs better device support though. Apps need to actually support the fast path as well, which I don't think many do. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3kfEeMZ65c I don't know if the new Nexus 7 supports the low latency audio path, though. But Android itself does have low latency audio, it's a device-specific thing though. > At least for me, phone traffic is free What magical land do you live in that has truly unlimited cell data? And how much does it cost? > how would I even know if some feature is waiting for "nonexpensive connection" that is not going to come any time soon? The feature is typical used for things like when you enable "only do this on WiFi" type options, it knows that although it is connected to a wifi hotspot, that hotspot itself is using cell data so don't do that expensive thing that you said to only do on wifi. Typically the worst thing that'll happen is you will get a few "are you sure?" style dialogs when you go to install a large game or similar. Darwin is but a single (very small) part of iOS. Only if you consider all of iOS's frameworks & apps to be a binary blobs is it "almost the same problem". Android's SecureRandom uses BouncyCastle prior to 4.2 and OpenSSL in 4.2+ ( http://android-developers.blogspot.com.au/2013/02/security-e... ) It'd be interesting to know what the bug is and if that bug affects Bouncy Castle and/or OpenSSL as well, or if Google screwed up the glue code somehow > Overall I get the impression that Android will, just like Linux, be eternally "almost there". The version that fixes all the little niggles will be forever just over the horizon. Except in the opposite direction it seems. Android is very much already there for consumers, which this blog perfectly highlights. Your complaints, however, are centered around not normal consumers but power linux users. Linux: Caters to power users, never quite there for consumers Android: Caters to consumers, never quite there for Linux users Also FYI it's quite easy to remove the search box from the home screen. You can either disable Google Search entirely, or you can just install one of the half a billion or so alternative launchers in the Play Store. You can even have it look like WebOS if you want: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gau.go.lau... > I told my wife yesterday, "I didn't think it was possible that someone, in 2013, would develop a phone that was worse at event notifications than the iPhone but they've done it with Android!" How are Android's notifications worse than the iPhone's? Android's notifications have consistently been regarded as superior. There's a reason Apple straight up copied Android's notifications, Google got this oh so very right. > Since then, JS has gotten about a billion times faster across pretty much all browsers. JS has gotten slightly faster, but not much. JS isn't really a bottleneck anyway. Six years has also increased the pixel count by 10x (150k pixels in the iPhone 1 vs. 2 million in the SGS4). The hardware has barely gotten faster relative to pixel count, and in some respects (such as memory bandwidth) has gotten slower . The web is no more viable on mobile today than it was 6 years ago. Web doesn't do efficient - never has, probably never will. > 2. Android in particular is really nasty at the low end. The quality of experience you would get from a tightly optimised and simplified Firefox OS would be immeasurably better. Firefox OS is worse here, not better. Gingerbread runs far better on low end hardware than Firefox OS does. The later Android stuff is more demanding (particularly in RAM), but the performance target (60fps everywhere, low latency) is also much, much higher than what Firefox OS is capable of achieving. Firefox OS is less efficient than iOS, Android, or WP. By a lot . By "alarm" do you mean calendar notification or alarm clock alarm? Because alarm clocks don't require unlocking to see what they are, it sounds like you may be dismissing them before looking at them. Calendar notifications are in the notification tray until you dismiss them I don't know what other "event" notifications you are talking about. Also note that a lot of this is up to whatever app you are using and not Android itself.