I've considered launching a kickstarter for one of my side projects to help pay for my living while I work on my real startup. It seems like it would be extremely time consuming though. I thought I had read in one of those that PG really wants to replace banks and credit cards. Or maybe it was someone else. Either way, that's one of the things I'd love to get into as far as "big picture" stuff (along with a cloud-based "space station" on venus, but the bank thing might be slightly less difficult). I'd completely revamp the entire purchase process, as much as legally possible (and realistically doing that would also require lobbying to change any outdated laws we can that aren't being protected by the other banks. You'd have to go after all the peripheral laws first I feel like, or else the banks would crush you with their influence). The entire transfer of funds and the documentation of the purchase would be re-done based on what we can actually do with this kind of data. It's insane that my bank only tells me things like "AMAZON MKTPLACE PMTS AMZN.COM/BILL WA 06/26" for an amazon purchase. Mint tries to parse that and just has no idea how to classify it. The truth is, the bank should only get sufficient information for facilitating the transfer, and there needs to be a simple system of reporting detailed purchase info directly from the store to the user. Getting this to work with many vendors would be a pain, but it doesn't help that currently I don't know anything about those systems. I have some ideas on how to kind of abstract that out... So... this is really interesting and I have no idea what any of it says. I haven't tried google translate yet but there's also text on the images... Anyway, can someone (perhaps the original poster) explain what specifically is happening? :) ...why? Because it's arabic? Ooohhh, scary arabic. Or they're talking about spies and bombs? Don't we talk about those things on hacker news too? I can't read it, I'm working my way through the google translation and just starting, so maybe it's all "bad" stuff, but to be honest, I hope iranians can shed some light on what our government is doing - the US government itself certainly isn't going to help with that. Hey there! I'm the designer of the product (and co-founder). Totally understand, we've been working as hard as we can to provide clear information, and I had a lot more written about encryption and cryptoauthentication before I realized it may be too focused (we want to get regular people excited about building projects). Cryptography is incredibly important to me, and my ultimate plan is for these boards to be useful in creating dark mesh nets so people can communicate freely even when others try to cut them off. The protocol will be lightweight and we support sending arbitrary data, so it shouldn't be hard to patch it into a network. I still remember the cryptocat articles from a couple months back, and the snooping from the NSA has turned me into a crypto evangelist, so I absolutely intend to provide real strong cryptography. I also understand how skeptical people are (and should be) about crypto systems, so as I'm still learning about this stuff I've been careful not to boast too much before I've got the exact system sorted. Currently the plan is full support for multiple master keys for different purposes (one for firmware updates, one for data, perhaps one for trusted guests, out of 16 total possible keys), per-packet session keys using AES-256, and I'm very curious about ECC, which it appears our system might support, since the encrypt/decrypt are software (though the new radio has an AES-128 hardware engine too). We'll give a LOT of detailed information on the development of this system as it happens (after the kickstarter). My plan is to design a system that any HN reader would be proud of. We're not going to "let open source do it", we're writing it ourselves and I've loaded my tablet full of crypto e-books so I can genuinely learn from the ground up how to do that. Even if ultimately I don't write the software, I absolutely will not sell a system as cryptographically secure unless I personally understand how it is built and why it is secure. We can do DSSS, but our radio engineer (google Earl McCune) advised us that FHSS, while in some ways more complex (actually he just said it's tricker to design "right", which I'm fine with), will be vastly better for rejecting interference and intentional blocking. Hey HN! I'm the creator and co-founder of this project. I've been designing robots since I was 15 and hacking on electronics since I could hold a screwdriver. What I think you'll like most about this project is the open source long range encrypted wireless link our mesh provides. I discovered Hacker News about a year ago and have been a regular reader since, so I remember Cryptocat, the NSA, and all the other things that reminded us why cryptography is important, and why implementing it is critical. So, a few answers: Yes, you can do encrypted mesh networks over long range. I'm a hardcore robotics guy at heart - the name "Flutter" was chosen exactly because this protocol is designed to be as lightweight as possible, and though the mesh protocol itself is still being developed (basically, that's why we need kickstarter, aside from the fact that I'm tired of ramen), I really intend for the protocol to stay out of the way. You'll also have full control over what happens, so you can always turn meshing off and use hard addressing. It's still really simple to use that way and cheaper than everything else I've seen that compares. I absolutely will not sell a product as "cryptographically secure" unless I believe it is, and I understand that the "smallest" flaw in a cryptographic system can render the entire system worthless. I am learning everything I can about cryptography, starting with some amazing e-books I have found on the subject, and just like wireless Our data rate is proportional to our range (this is generally true for any radio system), so we get 1km range at low data rates (1200baud tested, but we physically ran out of test room and had a strong signal). Theoretically this radio can do 3km at 1200 baud and it looks like we should be able to do 1km at 30kbps at least. Also I think the new radio chip doubles all the data rates in these cases (I would have to confirm), and I do know the new chip has higher transmit power and higher sensitivity, so range should be even better. There is a cheap radio amplifier (PA and LNA) called the CC1190, and texas instruments has all kinds of datasheets on using either of the two radios we are working with to give us 10km range, or much better data rates at 1km, etc. We're going to design the protocol with expansion in that direction in mind, if people really dig the range thing (it's a bit much for a beer brew setup, but if you want dark meshnets, lets do it!) I'm a hacker at heart. I first learned lockpicking at the old Noisebridge location (the original one). I love 3D printers and open source, did a rant/thread about open hardware on the Ultimaker mailing list a year back (I was one of the first in the bay area to get an Ultimaker too, and designed a new mount for it that I have on thingiverse). I got on hackaday for some 3d printed helicopter blades, and have been building robots since I was 15. There's a longer bio about me on our site, at flutterwireless.com See also me ten years ago talking about robots (and I feel silly for the "few people do" comment, but I was 15 and trying to keep it simple). http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FJu1eL_dYs Please ask me anything! We are definitely designing these to support mesh networks, and though I haven't written it down anywhere yet, we're not going to default the radios to full on, that will either be automatically configured (probably too difficult, but I'll look into it) or just manually specified. I would really love to make it automatic though, and for anything under constant comms they could easily communicate their signal strength in the ack if needed to coordinate that. The mesh protocols are still under development (that's what we need Kickstarter for!). Our wifi + ethernet shield makes it easy to have an always on device that routes traffic for home Flutter networks, but you can also just plug the board into your PC over USB and feed it traffic that way, you can run arbitrary data of any size over the link and all communications are guaranteed (or explicitly timeout), so I think piping TCP/IP over it will be easy. You can also use a raspberry pi and one of our boards to accomplish what the network shield does (for roughly the same price) but the network shield is designed for exactly this purpose, and many people will find value in that. It's tough to pitch an Arduino with lots of highly technical capabilities - Arduino users just want to know "but can i make a wireless beer brew setup?" That's the kind of information we try to speak to on the KS page. We're also still learning what questions people have! Hah, thanks for the edit. Yeah we've already gotten the range. I've even checked the output of our boards with a radio expert (google Earl McCune, he's an advisor), and using his many expensive Agilent scopes we've experimentally verified that performance of my design is pretty much exactly on par with the reference designs, taking into account that we are using a custom designed RF balun [1] instead of the discretes they use on the reference design. Our RF Expert confirmed I had made a good choice with that, as the losses are tiny compared to ease of manufacturing it provides. [1] (I think it's this one, I'd have to check the part number, they have a couple similar ones). http://www.johansontechnology.com/datasheets/chipset-specifi... The plan is for it to be my favorite, and I'm designing it, so I hope so! I'm trying to design the system I've needed for years, because the problems I've had building robots generalize to nearly all the problems that Arduino users have. We are aiming to nail this. Honestly I completely didn't expect the outpouring of support from international backers. We're two hackers in silicon valley building a product out of my apartment, and honestly canada, mexico, europe - I'm not surprised you guys want it (that's the point!) but I was completely blown away at how serious the international support is! I'm thrilled, excited, and happy to figure it out though! I think we probably can sell in all of North America without changes, I'm checking on it. Europe is also pretty easy design wise, I just need to consult with our radio expert about certification, it was something I just did not look into, with all the things it takes to make this happen! But I should update the FAQ to say "we're" looking into it, since we absolutely now are! exactly this ^ Absolutely! There's lots of hardware around, but being able to turn an Arduino project into an emergency beacon or IP link has some benefits too, and $20 is likely cheaper than what's been around. At $20 these are commodity prices, which I don't think we've had for high quality general purpose computing + wireless platforms. Yup, but we can 868MHz in Europe, and with all the support from international backers I think we may end up doing that as a stretch goal! Just have to talk it our with our RF expert, which we're doing! Thanks! He's a serious silicon valley radio expert. He actually was a member of the homebrew computer club and brushed shoulders with Woz and Jobs before spending the rest of his career advancing radio in silicon valley. He helped lab test my designs, and he's really been an asset in verifying that what I think I did right, I actually did (Texas Instruments has some really great reference material). We experimentally verified on his equipment that my design basically exactly matches the performance characteristics of TI's reference design, and one of our RF component suppliers offers a $600 service where they put your device in their RF chamber to test emissions, which the engineer told me is a much better deal than you'd normally get at that price, but they only do it to help customers get off the ground. Before launch we spent a lot of time speaking to a lot of other professionals and kickstarter folk who have gone through the certification process, and it sounds like it's going to be manageable, especially with Earl McCune's help! I've done all the work on my own, but having a reliable expert is extremely critical in making sure the hardware will not be a problem! Yeah, exactly this. Used to be, you buy an Arduino Fio and an xbee module[1], and for $50 you get max 100m range? Two nodes then cost $100, which is enough for one project and one device to route traffic to mobile, lets say. With Flutter, for $100 you can have 5 nodes, so you can have the beer brew monitoring, control some lights, measure the humidity of your greenhouse, and build a robotic car you can drive with your phone. We're trying to hit commodity pricing for consumer mesh hardware so people can just toss it in whatever they want to make and easily handle the communications they need. And not relying on another radio module manufacturer means we can design the product to be everything we need and nothing we don't, and only pay for board manufacture once, instead of paying for a module (which is a manufactured board) that you then put on your own manufactured board. The radio and cpu should be on the same board and should be very useful (hence open and arduino). Then we can really build a network of things. TCP/IP is a fun idea and I think people will get some use out of it for mesh and darknet purposes, but the target is Arduino users (aka "regular people"). That said, I'm designing the protocol so professionals can use it too. We may end up forking it, and doing what Raspberry Pi did, giving people Rasbian for regular folk and other distros (featured in the same place) for hardcore users. And you asked why not the shield you linked to? This is why: https://dlnmh9ip6v2uc.cloudfront.net//images/products/1/0/8/... That is a $25 shield, $23 radio, and a $29 arduino all stacked on top of eachother, and you get 100m range max. Wouldn't you rather have a single board for $20 or $30 that meets those needs and lets you reach out up to a kilometer or more? I understand your reservations, crowd funding can be a crap shoot. I've already got the BOM sorted out for the final hardware, we're just hitting kickstarter to verify that all the work required to finish this will be worth our while. The more backers we get, the easier delivering this hardware will be. I won't try to convince you of anything you can't be convinced of, but I will tell you that if you are interested I would really appreciate your support, and as per the kickstarter terms of service I can at least promise that if what we are delivering does not meet your needs, you can cancel your order and we will refund the full amount. The EULA does require me to either deliver or refund you, and I absolutely will comply with that. I'd also suggest waiting to see? You could back us at $25 so you get the updates, and then cancel before it finishes if you would prefer not to spend any money at all. And yeah, the radio chip is pretty simple. It's basically a cheap general purpose radio. The other proprietary chip is the Atmel ATSHA204, which you don't even need to use, but provides some excellent cryptographic functions. Either way, I look forward to winning you over at some point, even if that's not till the products ship and the reviews are in! :) We rated both as 1km max, but the basic will have an integrated antenna, with reduced performance. The current radio chipset theoretically maxes out at 3km though, and we haven't actually maxed out range ever, before maxing out distance (we have to use google earth just to find places!). Pro will have better range due to the antenna, but the basic will get a pretty high-performing antenna too. Eeek, good catch! Now that the level has backers I can't change it, but we are working on a better plan for international backers, and I will contact Kickstarter and see if they can open up the shipping option on that reward! I'll post an update for international backers soon! Yeah, they're in the same space as us. We hope that our range, low price, and extreme flexibility will really win people over. Wifi is not really a good protocol for Arduino. If you just want to send a few bytes (like "On", "Off", or sensor data like "215"), then wifi is across the board many levels more complex than is needed. Flutter isn't the minimum needed, but it's essentially the minimum needed to build a secure mesh solution. And unlike wifi modules, we have bare metal control over our radio chip, which gives us a lot more room for doing interesting things, like indoor 3D positioning (which we haven't tested yet, so I have no statistics on the accuracy... yet). The cool thing is, we will research indoor positioning, and every other use of this board we can. I think an open radio and computing module with encryption, long range comms, and ultra low power usage (sleep modes should allow for a year on a coin cell, though again, that has not been verified yet). Interesting. Does our product not seem simple? We're working on some fancy mesh protocol stuff for making DIY projects easy, but those features don't have to be enabled at all. You definitely could use this just like an arduino with a radio attached, we'll have full libraries for sending data to any device directly, and our code will have copyleft licences (thinking GPL, haven't decided yet) and we will encourage forks. You can look at them as basically just compute and radio modules - they can be used however you'd like! It's been a hectic few days organizing all that information, but here's the lowdown: Currently we are using the CC1101 Radio, which maxes out at 600kbps. It's an excellent radio, but has been basically unchanged since 2006, when TI bought chipcon (who made the CC1101). The CC1200 was recently announced as a successor, and it looks pretty amazing. The max data rate of that chip is 1.2Mbps, and it has increased transmit power and sensitivity. The chip is priced roughly the same as the CC1101 and is based off of the same code, so we should be able to port everything to it quickly and pick up development with it. There is a possibility that the chip will have some flaw that makes it a show stopper, but it's intended by Texas Instruments to be a nearly drop in replacement, and if it does what the datasheet says it should handily work for us. There is a possibility that we will end up not being able to use the CC1200 though, giving us a max data rate of 600kbps in that case, and I realize I need to make that clear, so I will go write up that copy on our Kickstarter page now. I definitely don't want there to be any confusion about what we're selling, so I apologize for not making that clear to any backers, I'll mention the change in our coming backer update, which will largely be directed at international backers, who we are working to accommodate! 915 MHz ISM. We're working on international support. I made it, so ask away if you have any other questions! Do it! As soon as we have the new hardware up and running we're going to play with mesh nets ourselves! Atmel has been really good about supporting CPU footprints over many generations (their customers don't like redesigns either), and the FCC rules seem to give you a pass as long as you haven't changed things electrically. There's actually a reasonable amount of wiggle room - basically if there is no reason a board should perform differently, they say it doesn't need to be recertified. (at least, that's what they say) That said, our goal is to brave the waters of the FCC to provide quality radio products to the open source community. If we succeed in getting funded, we should be able to handle the occasional new testing needed for any product changes. We have some higher volume plans which will help pay for that. Arduino is only part of what we're doing. :) This all started because there weren't any open source module designs for the CC1100 radio, so I made one and put it on github (actually I was using the 2.4ghz CC2500 at first). Eventually I slapped an arduino on, and boom, useful thing! yes you absolutely can do this! We will have ultra low power sleep modes, and the radio can turn on briefly to send status, or listen in low power mode for remote communications. Don't worry, I know this isn't easy, but I don't like easy things, they're boring. My last project involved hand-winding motor coils for a linear motor I built from scratch, along with a 24v 10A per channel driver board & ARM CPU mainboard I designed and built. It was a pretty neat system, but robots are complicated, so I'm going to sell circuit boards for a while and dive into software development some more. We have a lot of resources for manufacturing in China. I've personally ordered a few thousand assembled boards from Gold Phoenix through the course of my old job, which was... fun. We've got a lot of connections in Silicon Valley to tap too for finding hardware partners. I'm not particularly interested in becoming a fab house, unless it's cheaper (including headaches). Thanks for the well wishes! actually not at all, we have less TX power than most wifi devices. The data rate is inversely proportional to range, as is the frequency. We operate at a lower frequency than wifi (915 MHz), and a much lower data rate (your Arduino probably does not need a 100Mbps connection). This gets us range without blasting people with radio or having trouble with the FCC. "you can't feasibly build a 1 kbps transceiver with 16 mW transmit power and a two inch monopole antenna and expect to get anywhere near half a km of range with the TI radio" I mean... you say that, but we did, and we're not doing anything special, I just set two android phones to volley their GPS position over USB to the board, send it over radio, and calculate the distance on the other end. I then verified the calculations manually using google earth and landmarks. Here's what texas instruments has to say [1] about the radio: "You can achieve a range of several km with the CC1101 without any problems (line of sight). The output power can be programmed up to 12dBm and the sensitivity level on the receiver is dependent on the programmed baud rate. With a sensitivity of -112dBm and an output power of 12dBm, 915MHz ; the expected range with Friis equation adapted to take into account the height from the ground would be approx 3km." We're being advised by Earl McCune, a serious Silicon Valley Radio expert (google him, he's awesome), and he donated some of his time to help test the board with his nice Agilent RF stuff. He was impressed with the performance of this little chip, and was also impressed that my layout nearly perfectly matches the TI reference design. [1] http://e2e.ti.com/support/low_power_rf/f/155/t/15984.aspx I'll try! (I made it) Electric imp is Wifi and does not function without an internet connection (at least, thats what they told us at the first hackathon). It also doesn't function without a router. We're a lot closer to Zigbee - basically the same idea. We send data directly from board to board, unlike wifi which always runs through your router. We basically use every board as a router. The advantage over zigbee is price, Arduino, openness, and range. We have 10 times the range of $22 zigbee modules, and 5 times the range of their $50 modules, all in an easy arduino package. Does that answer your questions? I tried one. The screen isn't there yet for long term productivity, or even long term gaming. They'll get it there though, the motion tracking and field of view are wonderful, it mostly would just need to be much higher res for non gaming activities. Sounds right, 9v batteries aren't about current, never were. They are about voltage, that's even why they have the voltage in the name unlike basically every other kind of battery. Inside though, they're just coin cells in rolls. Cells are 1.5v each, so you need a stack of them to get to 9v. You wouldn't expect a stack of coin cells to put out a lot of current would you? I think a lot of people think voltage means power, so the 9 volt battery probably sounds much more powerful than a 1.5v AA, but they don't realize the 9v has a bunch of smaller cells and the internal resistance is a lot higher, reducing the current output capabilities. I had a guy tell me one time I should hop up the strength of my walking robot by replacing my 6 AA cells with a 9v. :) I'm imagining: BMS PCB has high current input rings and a blade connector for balancing (like removable laptop batteries). Bottom of case has screw lugs going up through high current input rings in PCB. Battery has ring terminals that are crimped & soldered to high current wires. The battery is in a protective casing that holds mating balance connector and injection molded features keep the high current ring lugs in place. Battery drops into board, high current rings go over lugs and balance connector engages. Rigid plastic goes over the top of all this (bottom when in riding position) with silicone seal around the perimeter. High current lugs go through the cover. Special ratcheting thumb screws tighten down the cover using the battery lugs as a mechanical connection while also pressing the ring connectors into the BMS PCB. Conductive grease on the PCB helps keep out water. Battery would be 100% rigid, no dangling wires. Installation is two lugs, drops in, can be done by hand. Battery should come with a protective pouch or have integrated flip-over cover so it can be dropped in a messenger bag etc. Solves I think all the issues, including avoiding costly or underperforming connectors, environmental sealing, ease of use, and the expensive BMS does not need to be attached. I emailed them something to this effect, since they asked for input, though it sounds like they've purchased battery packs already. Plus they may have considered this, it sounds good but I know production high current battery stuff is really tricky, I've looked at the area quite a bit. Wireless remote they designed in house. Check out their promo video, just google for boosted boards. Yeah, electric is really amazing for high power stuff, I'm realizing. It's hard to do, but the simplicity in the end of battery + motor with just electronics doing the rest means we can get some pretty amazing form factors out of electric things. Since I was young I have dreamed of a "boosted" snowboard, with a snowmobile-like tread that came down the middle and would accelerate me in slow areas. The weight and noise of an internal combustion engine would have been prohibitive, but clearly we're getting to the point where electric isn't so bad. If I'm doing snowboard runs all day though, I want to show up with a handful of battery packs and run through a few in a day. The same would be fun with Boosted. Not being able to replace it means I can't buy a handful of batteries and take them somewhere for a day of uninterrupted riding up and down my favorite hills. Charge dead packs in the car while you ride and with a few packs you can manage a continuous day of fun. That's not possible with non-removable batteries, and customers willing to pay for all that are good customers to have and indulge. If I have a fully charged board and 5 friends, I feel like "OMG look at how cool my $1300 board is" is going to turn into "oh it died, sorry guys, more fun tomorrow". I think that even if people don't buy the spare battery, knowing it's an option will help them feel more comfortable with the $1300 purchase. If the current range falls just short of what you need, an inability to simply buy a second battery to keep in your pack is going to be pretty upsetting. And always being able to keep one topped off at home means that after your commute you can still go out and enjoy your board. That was the power rating for a single cell - the pack has lots of cells in it. If you take hobby remote control cars as an example, I just bought an average lithium powered one that can do 45A at 11.7v, or roughly 500w to drive a any case you want and have it delivered to you quickly. That is a fundamentally different value proposition for the consumer than injection molding. Any individual design seen here could be recreated with injection molding, but the point of this company isn't to provide you with a cell phone case, it's to provide you with any cell phone case design you want. That's not something a company doing injection molding could offer. Molds for injection molding cost a minimum of a few grand and usually tens of thousands of dollars. You can't deliver a unique item to each customer with injection molding. Disclaimer: I know one of the creators, and I have helped give mechanical advice over the past year. I think its a really great product. I'd be using them if I had an iPhone! I've thought about this recently, and the solution is the Oculus Rift or some incarnation of VR. Mounting the monitors is really the only major technical challenge to the setup you describe, and not being able to adjust your distance to mounted monitors would also be a real problem. The current Rift dev kit does not have sufficient resolution to do computer work, and the new units still will not have nearly the pixel density of modern monitors, but what you lose in pixel density you gain in screen real estate. The rift basically surrounds you in a digital environment, and a few people have already started to show off desktop environments that work in VR. Working at your computer in VR means a few major benefits: -Your workstation is no longer defined by the physical space it resides in, so it can go with you wherever you want, such as on the train, in your self-driving car, etc. -Your workspace is no longer limited to several constrained rectangles in front of you - you pay for a single display device and get a workspace that literally surrounds you. -You are no longer required to sit upright staring forward, something we have generally acknowledged isn't good for you. Some people spend more money on a nice chair than the cost of an Oculus Rift just to save their back. Not needing to stare forward to view monitors means you can work in any orientation, such as a comfortable reclined position. The staple of starship captains and movie hackers, the reclined "dentist" style chair is generally represented in movies as the way people would sit if they had sufficient resources, such as their own hollywood set building team. -Your workspace is 3D, but not gimmick 3D monitor style - actual immersive 3D, so your applications could take advantage of this for more contextual information and improved workflow. -You have total privacy - no one can see what you are working on in VR, so no one can look over your shoulder. That is until they make virtual coworking spaces. Which will happen. -Your workspace can be flying through the cosmos, on a beach in Aruba, on a NASCAR track, or anywhere else you find interesting. You could be immersed in front row seats of a live tennis match while you work on your TPS reports. You could work on new VR applications inside of your new VR applications, for the ultimate inception "yo dawg" moment. Cons: We will become like the people in WALL E. But... will we? I work from home. I have a standard desktop and 3 monitors. I wake up, walk to the kitchen, make breakfast, then walk to the office to work. Google shopping Express delivers my groceries. Amazon delivers most of my other goods. If I had a self driving car I wouldn't even need to participate in my own transportation when it was needed. What does this mean? It means the future is already on it's way to becoming so convenient that a nearly 100% sedentary lifestyle is entirely possible even for first world people who maintain full employment. For people like me, a dentist chair and virtual reality workstation will not make me any more sedentary - I took 300 steps the other day. I can't really hit much lower of a limit on that. All this means is that I need to take control of my own exercise routine. I need to force myself to work out, as my daily life does not provide sufficient exercise as is. People who do not do this will become fat, like those in WALL E. But being fat is clearly regarded as unhealthy, and our society is becoming aware of the dangers of unchecked obesity. As we get a handle on appropriate health care in the first world, we will need to encourage people to work out. For now, I ride a bike, but if I had a self driving car that could take me to the gym while I worked on email, perhaps I'd get out and socialize more. Rant/Aside: People are pretty dismissive of some of the amazing new tech coming out. Amazon wants to totally eliminate the cost of human labor for delivering goods by using drones, and people just say "but yeah Skynet haha. It's dumb anyway". Virtual reality is actually happening and it's a revolutionary new kind of display device that I know will change the world, and people say "but yeah the virtual boy sucked. this is just more hype, VR will never happen, or it doesn't matter." Robotics in general can change the nature of how we consume things by eliminating all human costs. Robots have fixed costs that can be amortized down to nearly zero for incremental labor, something that is not possible for human workers. We should embrace the technology of the future and figure out how it can be used to do positive things, rather than dismiss it for it's capability to do bad. Skynet jokes are old hat. Lets talk about how much better we can make the future. Another note: Virtual reality and telepresence can eliminate the "AI problem" for robots - that is, we have been able to make robots that can do neat stuff for a long time, but giving them any intelligence has been a so far intractable problem. A remote human operator could control a robot worker with much more precision than our current AI technology, transporting human intelligence into a robot and eliminating the need for comprehensive AI. VR enables 1:1 viewing of remote 3D environments, something a monitor does not provide. This will lead to both good and bad new technology, but as they say - you take the good with the bad. The current Oculus prototypes and all future versions of the Rift feature translational head tracking as well as rotational tracking, so leaning forward brings you closer to the content in front of you. The general goal of the system is to avoid having it feel like there is anything fixed to your head, and it appears that they will succeed in delivering this to consumers by the end of this year. Google for their Crystal Cove prototype for more videos showing it off. As far as the weight, it's not any heavier than a pair of beats headphones, or the gaming headphones I already wear at my desk. It's mostly a display, some lenses, and a bunch of empty space - it's not too heavy. Plus you have the benefit of a more comfortable sitting position. It is a problem in the sense that companies could commercialize robots for the home if there were applications for the robots. Currently the hardware is good (Honda first debuted ASIMO 14 years ago). Commercializing the hardware would drive costs down, which would allow us to do more widespread research on AI. Currently a decent robotics research platform costs more than a Tesla Model S, and until recently they were 10x more expensive. The "AI problem" is the fact that robots don't have many applications until we have AI. The problem can be eliminated by making the hardware useful even without AI. This does not mean people will stop working on AI, just that robotics hardware development can be decoupled from AI development. More robots out there will make it even easier to develop AI for robotic platforms. Your Adderall comment seems to be a way of poking fun at me, and if so does not seem to contribute to this discussion. I thought I contributed something thoughtful to HN. Would you prefer I just make snarky comments? I left Slashdot years ago so I could find people who make an effort to think and communicate - lets do that here. Thanks! Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. I've been lurking for a long time, and I'm enjoying actually contributing my thoughts today. I hope to make a habit of it. :) I'm not sure how you could expect to participate in the discussion without reading the thing you are replying to, but you are correct, I don't mention keyboards. Using a keyboard while in a reclined position isn't really a challenge so I didn't think it needed mentioning - you can put one on a plank across your lap, or use a split keyboard on the armrests. But mounting monitors in a comfortable position is mechanically difficult. So you stopped reading at the first sentence, but still want to participate in the conversation... excellent. I have used one. I understand that the current dev kit isn't high res, doesn't have translational tracking, and generally isn't comfortable for long term use. If you hadn't stopped reading halfway through the first sentence you would have seen that I said "the Oculus rift or some incarnation of VR", which was an acknowledgement that the Oculus rift may not be ideal for this when the consumer version is released, but I believe some incarnation of VR will be. Saying it won't work because you've tried the hurriedly prepared low res dev kit is like saying smart phones will never take off because your QVGA windows mobile 5 phone is too low res for web browsing. Technology evolves if people find it compelling enough to buy it. Every honest reviewer I have read says the Oculus rift is an amazing experience unlike anything we've ever been able to experience. I have no doubt that the 1080p versions they are demoing now will give way to 4k versions in a few years (if not sooner), and that eventually working in a rift will be as comfortable as can be. Tech is never fixed in stone. Ah, yeah that makes sense. You would definitely be limited in input while mobile, but at least it would be possible to bring your workspace with you. The good news is, VR has already spawned an incredible amount of research in more natural human computer interaction, so hopefully some of these input problems will be better solved. Most of the input problems being tackled over the last few years have to do with touch screens, which can never be as useful as purpose-built interaction hardware. Keyboards aren't as useful when you can't see them, and VR no longer requires being at a desk, so with any luck we will see real headway in high quality new text input and interaction devices soon. Sent along my resume. Amusingly, I have just started actively looking for a job in robotic cars, and Google was the only place I knew of to apply! Tesla, yes. The others likely have too much to lose and are too large for me - I like a position with flexibility. And I don't want to work on military hardware. Those technologies are some of the pieces of a self driving car, but they are not self-driving cars. The idea is to deliver a car that can be programmed to drive a route from start to finish under its own control, even if it can only do so under certain circumstances. When you can pull out your smartphone and call your car to you from the back of a parking lot, then get in and have it drive you home, then you have a self-driving car. It seems like a leap to assume that engineers working on a product that could kill multiple people would be as careless as those working on mobile apps for sharing photos. For self-driving cars, security and safety are features. For the others, for better or worse, they are afterthoughts.