Why not just do it. You could set up a Telescope instance, in an instant! I have not been able to find an English translation. Google Translate does a great job at this text and I think its worth the work for people interested in early global networked messaging and computing with Mainframes, Unix, pre-TCPIP, post-TCPIP etc... After googling after some exotic hardware mentioned in the text, I found a translated section from this text in "History of Nordic Computing" [0]. I am helping my girlfriend with an internal project in SAS, and I found this text when I was searching for documentation on an ancient Mainframe "QQLIF file" which is still in use today! This text does indeed contain a description of it: "All messages in and out of systems were logged on logtapes, so we started using them to extract traffic in the network. IBM mainframe computer was we used for our data processing and SAS (Statistical Analysis System) was the "language" we programmed in. At an earlier point, we had been losing track over which terminals we had and where they stood. Therefore, we had already built up a widely used file called QQLIF and contained a variety of information about each terminal. It was both a real time online "direct access" file at Unisys, and a batch copy on IBM. Mainframes known terminal's trust, and by means of QQLIF file could be translated into PLID. Because of strict PLID'ens building could we add line drop, controls, and terminal for individual messages." [0] https://books.google.dk/books?id=c7MlCQAAQBAJ&pg=PA276&lpg=P... I am afraid you have to translate the section you wish to read by copying and pasting into Google Translate. A minor hassle imo. Thanks. That made me feel a whole lot better about sucking at this. :-) As a candidate, this is the best interview guide I've read. I'm an MBA type with a lot of compsci background, and I get this bullshit all the time. These advice were poignant and to the point of actually suggesting to me how to think and how to answer those incredibly silly questions. That's what it's like over at the Corporate Overlords in Scandinavia at least. Congrats to the team. Met you at Assembly. Nothing wrong with stealth mode. Yet there are still brilliant writers out there. Although I am unsure of where all of this narrative comes from, it's so good it nearly brought a tear to my eye: Nuclear Fruits https://youtube.com/watch?v=15dxuAbTC0A&itct=CBQQpDAYBSITCJS... Origins of open worlds: https://youtube.com/watch?v=EdV_2svrDVc&itct=CB0QpDAYAiITCK_... I highly recommend watching all his feature videos. Yay. The GPL aside. Being accepted in the kernel would mean the immense rate how development which happens there. I liked the cheery tone of this piece! It came without the unnecessary editorializing and fluff found in typical review articles. +1 to Networkworld.com Sir, I believe you should then move to Iceland. The question is, did he really write the first version of Kazaa? They have most definitely not. There's just a higher signal to noise ratio. You have * Fargo * Boardwalk Empire * Mr Robot * Suits * True Detective These are stellar shows with high production qualities. There's generally no ads on web streaming during the show. Hey. They're the only ones who can dish out k-lines! Yeah. It's really friggin good. I highly recommend it. And I'm an entrenched libre open source kinda character. I recommend reading PACT PRESS' books about Business Intelligence on the Microsoft SQL Server stack. It brings it all together in a fantastic way, example driven. Yeah all that database skin stuff... It's essentially derogatory or veiled complaints about simplicity right? It's not really how it works. You need to actually write them, not post something here. Aaaaah. Ye olde BAIT AND SWITCH Damn, I was starting to like Onedrive. Some of the translations are surely made by a Norwegian. Those are not corn, but wheat bushels. In Norwegian wheat is "korn", and corn is "mais". Hmmm. The plot thickens! That is highly variable on the strain of the plant smoked. Mainly two categories exist[0]. Sativa is a cerebal head high, kinda energetic, clear thinking creative high its like floating opposed to indica which is like sinking. Indica is a body high, sorta narcotic feeling, you can actually feel the tingling in your body, your limbs, it's really heavy couch lock and such. There are also hybrids which have both in 1 plant. Go exploring at Leafly [1]. [0] https://www.leafly.com/news/cannabis-101/sativa-indica-and-h... [1] https://www.leafly.com/explore Bullshit article Why are they not offering 8GB drives. It's late 2015. I recommend Jed's editor for a very friendly editor as well. I'm a console-menu guy and like the EDIT.COM feel :) Plus it's got some Emacs (s-lang) to it although I never use it. Also, you can't argue with 8bit clean. It's in the repos. Homepage: http://www.jedsoft.org/jed/features.html On a sidenote. I am addicted to Jedsoft's console pager "most". Also in the repos. With colour, search and really the whole nine yards. It's the most. So much more than more and even more than less!. Pipe to |most and see for yourself! Slightly trimmed version. You have a clone of it bundled with Midnight Commander. "mcedit" What else has he been involved in? Drupal 6 was an exciting time for them. I wonder if they manage to rewrite all those plugins for the Drupal 8 release. I certainly hope so. It's been in the making a long long time. I guess I will have to give this a spin. Try Krita, friend Am I the only one to have noticed? PERL is a shuffling of REPL Not pedantic enough. You didn't comment on Perl being a backronym for REPL! I can't find anything out there about this either. It must therefore only be me :). >Welcome to the Perl subculture! I was at the time also in the Slackware subculture, Church of the subgenious. It got very foobar. Tried learning Perl since highschool, it was too much of a mindF* for me to get going with. chomp? regex! Phew. Maybe with Perl6, it's time. Discourse NodeBB and Vanilla comes to mind That is not a reliable work tool It does not support passive mode No queue No SFTP No FXP I think you did a very good job at dissecting this attack. Kudos Pardon my ignorance. But at a funding level of USD680M, isn't it more prudent to do an IPO? I have been using Subsonic.org on my servers since 2009. It has and still is serving me very well. Hillarious +1 I highly recommend the book as well. I consumed it by audiobook while driving. A great experience. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuU_ure7tF4 "The computer, it contained worlds." Which is incidentally the exact same thing I have been saying to people when asked why I was so into computers as a kid. Yes, I applied some of these in my bash program. Besides dude. Referring to poor countries as belonging to the third world implies that a second world exist. The second world collapsed with the Soviet Union and does not exist any longer. The preferred nomenclature is developing countries. Although you're not wrong. Excel is the killer app. Word is ALSO the killer app for heavy lifting writing papers etc. It's the program I suffered the least in during my uni years, and I tried them ___ALL___. As an investment analyst for VC, I also need to make A LOT of powerpoint presentations. Not a lot of slides, but I need to convey complex points in a short amount of slides. This makes me push Powerpoint to its limits and it also comes with no REAL competition elsewhere, I've tried __every alternative__. Nothing comes close to the robustness of MS Office, unfortunately. I would be happy to deep dive on this one, as I several of my 1000-level poltical science courses covered what we think of and how we classify and rank countries. The most basic thought is to begin at the lowest common denominator. What is it that all countries will agree to when placed into comparison. That is the United Nations Human Development Index (HDI). It contains Life expectancy at birth. Education index: Mean years of schooling and Expected years of schooling. A decent standard of living: GNI per capita (PPP US$). Now from here you could rank GROSS DOMESTIC HAPPINESS, but that is a garbage index if you ask me as a political scientist and a champion of the free world. The top grossing country on that list is a country that imprisons and tortures. But I gather it makes sense to triangulate the facts from the CIA World Factbook, Heritage Foundation Freedom Index which covers press freedom and the extent of freedom of speech, and a sprinkle of transparency thus the Corruptions Perception Index from Transparency International. Now whether you're east thinking or west thinking you might also want to include another sprinkle of Amnesty International and quantify or qualitatively add its reportings to the mix. What you will find that the initial HDI gives a pretty darn clear and precise estimate of where you would want to live and where in the world could be deemed as "developing" as in not yet reached the top-end of the list. This is a scientific endavour, and it is not meant to hurt anybody's feelings. Also: You can downvote me or upvote me as much as you want. This is how the real world approached this problem. It sure is good :). There is a beautiful world out there. Go explore. As you know. You had it all - Norway amicable nipletwist Great thread. A childhood friend of mine(32) from elementary school, has a mild autism and does not know how to deal with his life. We used to be mad doom fans (well, we still are) when it came out and it stuck with us for years. But the poor guy is living with his family, sitting up until 4AM making Doom levels. At this stage he is one of the leading "levellers" at Doomworld[0]. "STILL MAKING LEVELS IN 2015" is a thing which is kind of funny, but it is actually sad. He's wasted so much of his young years thinking about Doom, making levels etc. I wish he'd just snap out of it, but it seems it will not happen. That is how the story goes I guess, with the kids you grow up with. Not all of them have the interpersonal and mental means to pick a chose a good path for themselves. [0] http://doomworld.com Learn X in Y Minutes[0] is a fresh and quick intro to Perl6. It looks jolly good, readable(!) and quite fun! I hope I get to work on a project in Perl6. [0] https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/perl6/