I'm not sure 'purpose' is the right word here. Truly what is the purpose of a game? I don't think there's a trivial answer to the question, and I think 'story' is more fair. People care about stories. Stories generate meaning. it's madness out there enjoyed this line: "This leaves a pre-tax profit of 3.39 EUR / month per subscriber if I calculate it Groupon-style, totally ignoring marketing costs." At face value, to "make myself redundant" seems to contradict what Seth Godin advocates in his book: "Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?" [ http://www.amazon.com/Linchpin-Are-Indispensable-Seth-Godin/... ] Although I think they'd both agree on the goal of always looking to do interesting work, contributing to projects like a human being instead of doing cookie-cutter work, etc.. I can't help but think they'd also have some profound differences of opinion on how to get there. Also known as 'conversationally anal-retentive'. "stranded somewhere and not having anything to read". I can associate with this. Although there has been much written about the function and role of boredom in modern society. In particular, that while boredom may not be pleasant, or well understood, it is a different state of mind as opposed to active engagement and entertainment. And perhaps in the state of mind, certain thoughts may rise that need such an environment to percolate to the surface. Reminds me of Bruce Sterling's talk about the importance of having quality, physical things in your life http://video.reboot.dk/video/486788/bruce-sterling-reboot-11 Agree, the element of time seems to be missing here - and this seems a central characteristic of workflows. Im a fan of using the spacebar as my leader key. Im waiting for this day to come for me, now. ViEmu or VsVim? The distinction between developing software and writing code seems a bit weak to me. So much has already been discussed about DFW. And still being written(for example: http://www.thepointmag.com/2012/essays/coming-to-terms ). I must say I'm almost surprised to see Hacker News branching into literary subjects, but of course there are related topics concerning technology in his work. Next thing we know, we'll start seeing articles about philosophy and metaphysics! it was my first thought, i'm afraid nice dig! I was just watching Bret Victor's Inventing on Principle talk and thus learned about Larry Tesler. He says Larry Tesler dedicated his life to removing modes from software back where was no such thing as modeless editing. Perhaps this is why. I agree, it's not really a learning tool (for a novice). Some commands here are pretty obscure; you wouldn't use some of them very much or at all, but that's not evident in the diagram. And you also have the right idea about learning vim incrementally ( http://yehudakatz.com/2010/07/29/everyone-who-tried-to-convi... ), instead of the "learn everything in parallel" approach that some advise. Perhaps this is the starting point then? https://gist.github.com/1886716 exactly. This is a "Modes" transition diagram. For example, :commands aren't modes as well. Good tip. I didn't know this as well. I think Bret may be targeting laypeople from what I've seen, so he will always come down on the side of enabling growth for larger numbers of people, as opposed to an 'elite' few (comparatively). I believe https://github.com/oo7ph/Trello-Clone another chrome extension, uses backbone as well. But I haven't studied this one (yet). Innovation in technology comes from using technology in ways it wasn't intended, not necessarily what is the most efficient. I'm wondering if I'll live long enough to where this won't be a joke anymore. a swarm of networked load-bearing quadcopters. Same story here! But I still use Notepad++ for quick tasks that I might otherwise have to spend a few thought cycles on in VIM. Also, I really like Notepad++'s Python Script plugin. I never realized this either. Thanks! Building something simalaar to this was the only good idea I'd been harboring forna while now, but it will be interesting to see the feedback. I couldn't figure out how flexible to make it or what features to support, or if it should accept a file-based data structure for those not wanting to program an api. I guess I don't really know the audience. The scope of articles has increased dramatically lately. The best part is the 'glasses falling' intro (ok, maybe not the best part, but a good one). Agree, and from the pictures it looks like they had plenty of assistance in setting this up. Me too, such as, is it black hole time yet?! If I could make things this beautiful (and it's not pure form, it's also functional), I'd feel a lot better about what I do. Some nice javascript to study as well. http://blog.nelhage.com/2010/01/on-git-and-usability/ "Fundamentally, the way (most) people learn and think about subversion is different from the way git experts think about git. subversion’s internal model is fairly complex, but you are not expected to understand it. You just have to know the half dozen commands you’ll ever need, and you use them, and everything is fine. Git’s model is fundamentally fairly simple (a DAG of immutable commit objects where branches are named mutable pointers into it), but you are expected to understand it fully to use git effectively." ... " The other, perhaps more fundamental reason, is that git is designed to be infinitely flexible, and so it’s fairly rare that you can give an answer for “How do I do X with git?”, since the answer will often depend on, “Well, what are your project’s conventions?” " In other words, perhaps git is like C Or maybe it's due to the 'rolling' shutter causing shear stretching as mentioned in the article You might as well say 'One plus the biggest whole number nameable with 1,000 characters of English text', if that sort of thing is allowed. agree on not changing fonts, colors, styles, buttons ... Yep!! The point is, if you say 'Take however many symbols it takes you to describe your large number', that's not well-defined and is fundamentally ambiguous due to the nature of language. The profile edit screen does say: [Email (will be public)] I feel screwed taking some online machine learning courses because I can barely do Linear Algebra. relevant: http://xkcd.com/1050/ "The only things you HAVE to know are how to make enough of a living to stay alive and how to get your taxes done. All the fun parts of life are optional." If we measured everything by how much we used it professionally, we wouldn't learn music, play sports, or any number of things we focus on in schools. Or for a bit more power, check out the APC for $49: http://www.geek.com/articles/chips/via-launch-a-49-android-p... "The APC’s spec includes a VIA WonderMedia ARM 11 processor at its core, 512MB DDR3 RAM, 2GB of on-board flash storage, 4 USB 2.0 ports, a microSD slot, Ethernet port, and both VGA and HDMI display ports. As for power consumption, it tops out at 13 watts under load and 4 watts when idle." Should be possible; not sure how hard it will be to compile fo r ARM Casting my vote for http://www.ribbonfarm.com I haven't read any papers, but I've heard of this experiment (or one with similar effects) before in a basic psychology class. Pinboard does if you also have bookmark archiving turned on. Are there any examples of machine learning and tagging beingused together in an online bookmarking service? Re 2: you do need to re use your tags, but it is also true that the more tags you use the better. Having a long tail of very specific tags is not an issue because it allows you to go very quickly to that specific tag, but re-using the general tag allows finding the item if the specific tag is forgotten. So you need both. The only problem this causes is browsing your tags, but then you're not really trying to find an item in thay case, so it doesn't matter as much.