I think with iOS, even if you disable zooming, you still get that 300ms delay. A better solution would be to instead of listening to only click, listen to both click and doing interesting things with ontouchend. I recall implementing something like that a while ago, where when an element is touched (ontouchstart), I saved the X and Y coords of the touch, and when the user releases their finger (ontouchend), if the finger hasn't moved more than say 32 pixels, I fired the callback to whatever. Of course, you also need to do something to prevent triggering the event twice, but when done correctly, you get both nice quick click events and zooming. Well, the title says they stopped using Google analytics, and the article explained that they stopped using Google analytics, why they did it, and what they're doing instead. You may not find it interesting, but the title clearly reflects the content, so I'm not sure how it's click bait. I don't think it was meant as a complaint about Windows as much as it was an anecdote about icons vs text. You also obviously often want to slightly change the content of say a blog post, fixing typos or factual inaccuracies and such. Tracking down every old link and replacing it with an updated one would be a big undertaking. For $5/month, you can get a pretty great VPS at digital ocean; 512MB RAM, 20GB SSD, 1Gbit/s bandwidth with 1TB/month trabsfer, giving you root access to your own server. You also get your own IP address, instead of sharing IPs and using virtualhost hacks like those web hosts do. Been using them for a while now, works really well. "Your 32 completely random characters doesn't contain enough special symbols, and is thus insecure." Open the inspector (depending on your browser, but it's probably ctrl+shft+i), find the narrow element, and change its width, like this: https://d.mort.coffee/img/change-width.png That inspector is incredibly useful any time a website does something stupid and you just want to read the bloody content. I really doubt Apple will ever be big enough for many big game developers to consider making exclusives for Macs. They don't even sell any computers remotely targeted at games, and often sacrifice price and cooling for prettier design. Did you try to download the x86 build? If so, it's your fault. If they don't provide an arm build, or if you got the arm build, it's Mozilla's fault, not Debian's. It's like not putting a condom on your car. Sure, HIV might stick a hole in it, but I'd still use one. I kind of like doing comments like this: "#": " my comment" Linux? But he was talking about OS X... It would literally need just one frame to see and store all available information in said frame. This means that in just a few frames, it could jump around the entire map and get a complete overview of what's available. It could easily be abstracted away, meaning the AI has access to a complete view of the map from its point of view, provided by a relatively simple conventional piece of software which just now and then jumps across the entire map and processes the images. It's thus not really an interesting problem to solve in this context, just a minor annoyance. It's a huge difference between clicking on a random facebook.com.totallynotphishing.com link, and being on the legitimate facebook.com and having that tab automatically go to a phishing site while you're not looking. So something _has_ changed in other words. You used to implicitly trust Yubikey's word that they put the publicly available source code on their devices, just like now, but you used to also be able to verify their code such that you could be fairly sure that if the trust in the company is warranted, their product is fairly secure, or more importantly, find security issues in their code. Higher level languages generally being slower than lower level languages has been documented for decades. That only mentions using their API, not reverse engineering the algorithm. Why even bother to learn programming if you can't use it to automate common tasks? How many people play call of duty? Overwatch? Battlefield? Skyrim? Not the majority of people, but a hell of a lot of people still. If people really wanted parsing directives, they could just say that keys starting with # and their values are parsing directives - e.g: { "#if": "parserversion > 1.5", "key": "somevalue", "#else": "", "key": "othervalue" } Thought I also don't really see any reason to include parsing directivesin JSON. That's not even the tone-deafest part though. What really made me cringe is his heartfelt follow-up, "that's really really sad!" How about the second largest desktop OS in the world, OS X (or now macOS)? That's BSD. The language is entirely uninteresting; what's interesting is what the runtime allows you to do. Browsers purposefully don't allow you to create raw TCP connections, yet JavaScript can in many other contexts (e.g node.js) create raw sockets perfectly fine. This. I personally agree with everyone saying const > let, but I just don't find myself caring enough about it to add the inconvenience of typing 5 characters instead of 3 every time I need to create a variable. Wouldn't it have been easier to use the C# JSON parser, and then later walk the tree it creates and convert it into a more sane data structure that way? Remember, it's PHP. Code will be running again on the next request. Only the process (or thread or whatever) handling the request with the invalid JSON crashes, and it only crashes after producing a persistent session; the next request, a different process/thread/whatever will run code, but the session from the previous request still exists. It's not about working hard to minimize typing, it's more about not wanting to switch from a state of little typing to a state of more typing. Also, it has nothing to do with optimization; I don't think there exists a single person who uses "let" over "const" because of performance reasons. I also don't think anyone uses "let" over "const" because they think it improves code quality. Unless the people making the cable decided to put their logo on top and the USB symbol on the bottom. I have one such cable from belkin. That example is about conveying the information verbally to another human, so syllables is interesting, not characters. "h h h h h h h h h h" is 10 syllables, "10 tosses, all heads" is 4 (and could be compressed further to "10 heads"). JavaScript lets you listen for multi touch events just fine with touch starts, ends, and moves, and lets you keep track of each finger separately. What gestures would it not be possible to implement with that? I switched to iOS this christmas. One of the first things I did was try to google something, get infuriated by the crappy AMP user experience, get even more infuriated there was no way to disable it anywhere, and switch to DDG. I'm an individual, not a company. I make web pages. Lots of other individuals also make web pages. It's not like only companies make websites and consumers only use websites. Maybe, I don't know. My point was that Google fucking with the web doesn't only affect companies. Even if there's vastly more company websites than personal websites, there's a vast number of personal websites too. I see you have never wanted to link someone to an AMP page. You also somehow didn't notice that there's a huge useless bar at the top of the page. Firefox' non-developer version is also getting more locked down. I had to change to it from the regular version when I couldn't use the extension I have written for myself anymore, because Mozilla removed the option to install unsigned extensions. What kind of mental gymnastics are you talking about? HTTP/2 is faster than HTTP/1. In practice, HTTP/2 requires TLS. Therefore, in practice, to get higher performance, you can achieve better performance with HTTPS than with HTTP. Java also has the problem of long startup times while the JIT is doing its thing. Javascript has always just started executing right away. Waiting a minute or two for a Java loading bar wasn't fun. Multi threaded programming man. I've lots of times had a bug which just sometimes occurs, and the easiest way to reproduce it is to just run the exact same program with the same inputs over and over until it randomly decides to not work. I find it hard to take powershell seriously, considering last time I tried using it for anything, I just wanted to quickly download something over http. Looked for something like 'wget ' online, the only results I found was something like multiple verbose lines of instantiating an http client and calling methods on it. That's fine for a programming language, completely horrible for an everyday shell, from the perspective of someone who generally only uses Firefox and a terminal emulator in Linux. After some googling just now, it seems like there's now an Invoke-WebRequest command, but that too looks like a hell of a lot of typing compared to Linux shells. There's also the fact that lots of stuff in windows wasn't designed to be accessible through the cli. You can't, for example, make a powershell script to toggle an audio output device on and off, as that's only available through the GUI. That's better than letting it get swallowed, but in my experience is pretty terrible still, as it often just results in a stack trace where your code literally doesn't exist at all. In a somewhat big project, just having a vague error message without as much as a line number is hell. Limiting a comment's length to 140 characters sounds pretty shitty, especially if your content will be content suited for longer in-depth replies. the nice thing about standards is that you don't have to make sure the script runs in a billion different shells. You just have to make sure your code is POSIX compatible, and all of a sudden, all POSIX compatible shells will interpret it just fine! Isn't that fantastic? The file size increase will continue to be an issue for a long time. As hard drive space started becoming cheap enough for PCs, people started wanting their songs on phones and MP3 players, where the storage was still expensive. As phones are now starting to get cheap enough internal storage for the flac file size not to matter, people are starting to stream music, where the file size is again important, as people are streaming music through cellular, where the price per gigabyte is still high. Maybe, once most people, even in the third world, have unlimited data plans, music file sizes will stop mattering. Or maybe we will have moved on to something else entirely where big files is still an issue. Maybe people will want to stream music from earth to space stations or lunar bases, I don't know. That assumes the only sites you want to use SSL with is sites with a web root. Many sites use python's flask or node.js or similar, where you instead have an http server running on a high port, then proxy requests to certain domains to those ports. Such a script won't work with a setup like that. > Nothing stops you from running a CA that offers 1 year certs over ACME. Or just providing one that also offers 90 day certs. If people will trust that CA is another question. You know that's BS. All of your users would get certificate errors, that's what's preventing you from running your own CA. The issue here doesn't seem that a data center went down, but that there was a bug which caused downtime. Google's broken AMP crap is what made me switch to duckduckgo on iOS. I don't know if it's the same in bash, but at least in zsh, "git branch " and "b " have the exact same result, if b is aliased to "git branch"; the first tab fills in the name of the branch, another lets me select a commit, and further tabs are command line options. You might also be interested in this function from my zshrc: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/f078de8890461d247af45... Basically, if you're in the directory `~/something/src/projectname/foo/com/something/bar/baz`, and want to get back up to say `~/something/src/projectname/foo`, `to foo` will do that. (Or `to oo` or `to o`; it matches the end of the name, and goes to the first match; `to ing` would go to `~/something/src/projectname/foo/com/something`). Why is there an annoying "open in app" button covering the content? it's just text and pictures, my web browser handles that just fine. If I want to open it in an app, I can open it in pocket.