You might want to consider punting on the question altogether by taking angel money as convertible debt instead of equity. Or try this: http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf It's a meat market. I applied (out of intellectual curiosity) and got in, but decided not to actually go through with it when I learned that birthday, age, height and "build" (choices are "slim", "athletic", "average" and "curvy") are required information before you can activate your account. I wasn't planning on it. Don't let that stop you though. > (How big? I don't know. Big!) I didn't say it was a big problem, I said it was a real problem. And the larger your code base, and the more people start sharing code, the more real it will be. It is only a matter of time before someone writes something like: (let foo snoz (jims-macro frotz)) and gets an error of the form "42 is not a valid function" and has to spend an hour puzzling over where that error came from before realizing that Jim's macro expands into Bob's macro which expands into Ann's macro which uses a helper function called foo. Is it a "big" problem? Maybe not. But it's a real problem, and given that one of your stated goals was to design "the 100 year language" I think it's a shame that you chose to solve it by placing the burden on the programmers. (And I use the plural advisedly here, because the potential for encountering this problem grows as the community grows and people start re-using each other's code.) But I would reiterate that the lack of abstract data types is IMO a much bigger problem than the lack of hygienic macros. (And just so you know I'm not just sniping from the sidelines, I have proposed solutions implemented in CL which I'd be happy to help port to Arc if you agree that this is in fact a problem.) > It seems several people are comparing Arc to other Lisps. Not me (at least I hope not). I was trying to judge Arc entirely by the standards that Paul set for it in his foundational essays. > what would it take for you to use Arc instead of Python for web programming? At the very least better documentation :-) There appear to be some really cool things in the Arc web infrastructure, but the only way to figure out how to use them at the moment seems to be to reverse-engineer the code. That's kinda the right idea. There are two problems with your specific proposal: 1) it places a considerable burden on the programmer to annotate every invocation of a top-level function. For complex macros that can become quite annoying. 2) Baking the concept of a single top-level into the macro system makes it hard to add modules later. If you pursue the idea of having the system walk the code and automatically insert those annotations you will (almost certainly) end up re-inventing hygienic macros. (For the record, I much prefer the Lisp2 solution, because it's the hacker's solution. It's not mathematically elegant, but it's simple (compared to hygiene) and it gets the job done.) For the record, I did not submit this article, and specifically declined a request to do so. It's not that I don't stand by what I wrote (I do) but it was written for a specific audience at a specific time and I don't think it deserves the attention that it's getting now. Thanks! > Is this not sniping from the sidelines? No, because I'm hacking too :-) > Ron criticizes, but doesn't suggest anything better That's because my whole point is that programming is much too rich and complicated for any one metric to be particularly useful. (Ironically, the exact same thing is true of painting, which is Paul' central metaphor!) Working on it. My favorite quote: Lisp was great at the time of its inception if only for a radically new way of using machines. It has suffered the fate of having been elevated to a status of de facto standard with all its defects. Despite its conceptual novelty a lot of the design of Lisp is terribly amateurish even by the standards of the time. When I read the first manual, the Lisp 1.5 manual, published in 1961, I could not believe my eyes. It was an extremely poor language. Now it has become the defacto standard of the AI community, which now suffers from Lisp, the way the rest of the world suffered from Fortran. What's wrong with the file system? I suggest FST and RST. These are composable, e.g. FFRRST == CAADDR. Y Combinator of course :-) I agree. Taking an equity investment at a too-high valuation can jeopardize your chances of getting more money down the road. If, as you say, you don't need the cash and you're doing this for the connections, just give them the 0.1% in exchange for their services as a consultant. Taking such a tiny amount of cash for equity will be more trouble than it's worth. It's not just the academic job market -- all of Western civilization is a pyramid scheme. Here's a shorter version of the same thing: http://www.flownet.com/ron/chaitin.html I've used TrustCommerce and I highly recommend them. I've also used authorize, paymentech, and cybersource. TC is head-and-shoulders above the rest IMO. From first principles, actively looking for such a person is IMO a major mistake. You are essentially looking for someone to invest in your company, but to buy their shares with labor instead of cash. So you need someone who is 1) financially able to make such an investment, 2) a savvy enough investor to be able to assess whether or not your company is worth investing in (or foolish enough to make the investment without due diligence) and 3) able (and willing) to program. Such a mix of skills and financial means is very rare. This is not to say that if you should happen to be lucky enough to find such a person that you should not hire them, but actively looking is not wise. Division of labor is a very powerful tool and should not be discarded lightly. You're much more likely to succeed if you get investors to invest and hackers to hack and not try to fram these two disparate skills into one brain. IMHO, YMMV, etc. Yes, that is what founders do. But you didn't say you were looking for a co-founder who could hack, you said you were looking for a hacker willing to work for equity. These are not the same thing. The distinction is important. Asking for "a hacker who works for equity" (with only a "chance to be part of the founding team") makes it sound like you're looking for someone to be an employee and an investor, but not a member of the senior management team. Pretty cool, but you kind of gave it away with that headline. I suspect this has something to do with OLPC switching from Linux to XP. Take any fish fillet about 1/2-3/4 inch thick. Sprinkle with the seasoning of your choice. Stick it in a toaster over set to 400 degrees. (Put a sheet of tinfoil in the baking tray and you won't even have any cleanup.) It will be done in ten minutes. While you are waiting, boil 1 cup of water. Turn off the heat and throw in 2/3 cup of couscous. This should put you at about the five minute mark. Throw a veggie of your choice in the microwave. Everything will be done, hot, tasty and nutritious at ten minutes. It's pretty foolproof and east-cleanup too. This is pretty much our standard dinner most nights. (And I'm not even doing a startup right now!) > That's sort of a semantic debate, isn't it? No. There's one very significant difference between a VC and YC. VC's invest other people's money. YC doesn't. VC's may also invest their own money, but this is incidental to their primary business, which is to assemble investment portfolios for other people to invest in. They charge a fee for this, and many VC's make most of their money from these fees, not from the returns on the investments. This has real consequences. VC's are much more risk-averse than YC, because if they have a bad year it can put them out of business. (No one will want to invest their money in a VC which lost money for their previous investors.) If YC has a bad year they can just shrug it off, learn from the experience, and try again. This dynamic also changes the VC's risk posture in another way. A VC has much more to lose from a loss than they have to gain from a really big win. If a VC has a really big win, most of the money goes to the investors, not to the VC. The VC's primary benefit from a Really Big Win will be that more people will want to participate in their next round of investments, which is nice, but that in and of itself doesn't make you a billionaire. So VC's are much more interested in avoiding loss than in going after a Really Big Win. YC, by contrast, has nothing to lose from a loss except the money they put in (which is not much), and a lot to gain from a Really Big Win (since they are the investor). This makes YC willing to take much bigger gambles than a VC would. It also aligns YC's interests with the interests of the companies they invest in, since the bigger the company wins, the bigger YC wins. The point is that whatever YC loses, it's theirs and not someone else's. They do not have a fiduciary duty to anyone but themselves. This significantly changes their risk posture. It's not just a semantic quibble. Maybe time to add down-arrows. Great idea, lousy execution. Besides the problems others have already mentioned, it's slooooooooowwwwwwww. Also, two very serious fundamental problems: 1. Many of your translations are wrong. I took the Spanish lesson. All of the Spanish verbs are infinitives, but the English translations are all gerunds. 2. Learning a language one word at a time doesn't really teach you the language. You need to learn more than just vocabulary, you need grammar, conjugations, declinations, etc. But I hasten to add, the idea of a language tutor that keeps track of what you know and only drills you on the stuff you don't is a really good one and very promising if you can actually make it work. But it's not an easy problem. (For an aspiring entrepreneur this is a good thing. If it were easy someone else would have done it already.) Exercise. Seriously. Endorphines are really good for putting life in perspective. I've used domainsite for many years. They've had a couple of annoying email outages, but other than that they've been pretty solid. You can write operating systems and have low-level control over the hardware in Lisp too. Having money lets you trade one set of problems for a different set of problems. That second set generally consists of "nice problems to have" but they are problems nonetheless. Whether or not you're happier depends on which set of problems you prefer. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2006/10/top-ten-geek-business-myt... See myth #10 Actually, you're not far off the mark. I would add: - pressure from friends and family to spend the way they want you to ("Why don't you help your little sister more?") - can be hard on long-standing friendships because they can't afford to do the things you can afford, and paying for them creates awkward feelings of obligation. But the fundamental problem with having money you have to decide what to do with it, which is not nearly as easy as you might imagine. I'd put that slightly differently: if you bought heavily into the idea that money will make you happy and then find that it doesn't, then you can be truly lost. As long as you don't have money, it makes it that much easier to figure out what you ought to be doing day to day, which for many people is no small thing. Well, the data is already available on hacker news, but ye gods! you couldn't figure out a better way to package this up than a separate HTML file for each user? Because the people who came before you have mitigated a lot of the risk. I really think that Microsoft customers must have some kind of Stockholm-syndrome thing going on in their brains. This is not the first time Microsoft has screwed its customers, and it won't be the last. And yet, for reasons passing my understanding, people keep coming back for more. Just for the record, the "Lisper" in question isn't me, it's Dan Weinreb. This essay really makes me wish for down-arrows. It seems to me nothing more than a plug for Alan Watts's CD, and the not-exactly-earth-shattering observation that people sometimes make unwarranted assumptions. A few more examples of the kinds of these "far more dangerous lies" would have been helpful. > This is probably something workable, but then it needs a certain proactive work from users which I think people who don't clear their inboxes don't do normally. Doesn't matter. As long as a big enough percentage of the recipients participate it will work. > What about jobseekers who spam employers. As much as this is spam, there are diamonds in the rough. This is for free email accounts only. ISP's could charge a progressive schedule of fees for accounts with fewer restrictions. It would still serve to eliminate spam because spam relies on the accounts being actually free in order to be profitable. > privacy issues. just not worth it. Again, this is for free accounts only. I'm a big privacy advocate, but I think a compromise on privacy to reduce spam is a worthwhile tradeoff. > If you determined that there were differences between races, and it was in the best interest of your children to discriminate against certain people, what would you tell them? I would tell them to beware of plausible-sounding theories. And I'd have them read this: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2007/11/science-103-virtue-of-sim... I recommend TrustCommerce. > Is there anything out there like a micro-VC or investors club for tech startups? Yes, there are many of these. > Say n people put up $x each to fund a project. What are the implications? You would have $nx. :-) > Would it work? That depends on what you mean by "work". People do it. Some of the people who do it even make money doing it. > If so, who's in? Ah, there's the rub. The trick is: > I'm a hacker who'd love to invest in other people's startups. I, of course, don't have enough savings on hand to do any significant damage. If you don't have your own money to invest then you need to convince other people to let you play with their money. That is not such an easy thing to do. Starting an investment fund is not fundamentally different from starting any other kind of business. But you can't just join the VC club and start raking in the cash any more than you can just join the entrepreneur's club and start raking in the cash. At root they're the same club. The confusion about OO is due entirely to people's failure to apply Ron's First Law: All extreme positions are wrong. What happens is that someone stumbles upon a new technique that seems to be good for something, so they decide that it must be good for everything, and when they realize that it's not good for everything (typically ten years into the process) they decide that it was all hype and it must be good for nothing. So everyone stampedes off to find the Next Big Thing, whatever that is, and the whole sorry cycle starts all over again. It's particularly amusing as a Lisp programmer to watch all these fads come and go because none of these ideas are new. The OO features of Java and C++ are just tiny subsets of the functionality in CLOS. XML and JSON are nothing more than (bad) re-inventions of S-expressions. Aspect-oriented programming is just a hack to get around the fact that Java doesn't have macros or multimethods. And on and on it goes. The right answer, of course, is that OO (and every other programming technique) is good for some things and not other things. Figuring out what things a particular technique is and is not good for is a big part of mastering the art of programming. Absolutely correct. Over on the Lisp lists I sometimes make the point that Lisp failed precisely because it was so powerful that one person could be productive enough to get useful work done by themselves. As a result, Lisp tended (and maybe still tends) to attract people who don't work well with others, whereas if you program in C you have no choice but to work as part of a team if you want to get anything done at all. At the end of the day teamwork wins, even when hobbled by inferior tools. Or you can just realize that get_X is the Wrong Thing and you should just write GetterDoneInstance.X instead. That's only a problem if you think the terminology matters. It doesn't. What matters are the concepts. It's much easier to map the terminology onto the concepts than to try to go the other way around. For example, it's much easier to go from a concept like "I can use the SAME NAME for DIFFERENT FUNCTIONS in the SAME PROGRAM, and there are various ways to map useful semantics onto the resulting code" to "If I resolve the ambiguity at run-time then it's POLYMORPHISM and if I do it at compile time then it's OPERATOR OVERLOADING" than it is to start with the terms POLYMORPHISM and OPERATOR OVERLOADING and try to learn what they mean and what they are good for. But using instance.a is not wrong because you can override __getattr__. And if overriding __getattr__ is not the right thing then what you are writing is not a getter. Under no circumstances is it justified IMHO to write a get_X method. (And if your language doesn't let you override __getattr__ then you need a better language.) IMHO of course. I don't claim this to be a hard and fast rule. It is obviously not impossible for Lispers to work together. My theory is just that Lisp tends to attract non-team-players more than C does, and the macro effect of this is that in the main C wins. There will, of course, be exceptions.