As I understand this, the CMU team allegedly deanonymized SR2 in the course of their research, and then shared the information with the FBI. Once they had done that, they were allegedly forced to withdraw their Black Hat presentation. There's also the issue that the CMU team had NSA funding. I haven't seen any claims that the CMU team was initially focusing on SR2 and other "illegal" sites. But I wouldn't be surprised by that. If that's what happened, it wasn't a wiretap. It was a tip. It's common knowledge that the FBI, DEA, etc have typically relied on the NSA for such exploits. But this would not have helped against the attack described here: https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-security-advisory-relay... Once a malicious relay becomes an entry guard for a hidden service, it's game over. The association of SR2 deanonymization with CMU's withdrawn Black Hat presentation is indeed speculative. But there's arguably more to it than innuendo. Time will tell. It's well known that the DoD has funded Tor from the start. But it's at least decent of them to independently fund CMU to compromise it ;) I'm thinking mainly of EFF, Bamford's books, and the Snowden releases. Are you claiming that parallel construction isn't SOP? Reaching way back, why do you think that the Weathermen got a pass in Chicago? There's also the fact that iCloud backups are encrypted with keys that Apple controls. So even if messages are securely end-to-end encrypted, Apple can produce available iCloud backups. Right. End-to-end encryption is just one of three key aspects. The second is hiding or randomizing metadata. Old-school Mixmaster nyms with Tor transport and alt.anonymous.messages as inbox does a good job. It's fatal weaknesses are complexity, and consequently small anonymity space. Services such as CounterMail, Tutanota and ProtonMail are taking user-friendly (abeit weaker and proprietary) approaches. DarkMail may eventually be a fundamental solution, but may be too ambitious. The third is end-point security. It's crucial to use full-disk encryption, and to avoid being exploited. That involves both software and wetware hardening. But even that's inadequate. It's essential to compartmentalize unconformable information in separate and isolated compartments. Isolation comprises all aspects: devices, network and Internet connectivity, communication partners, and so on. Using dm-crypt/LUKS, there's a very fast and total wipe to execute when sensors fail. Let's assume that /dev/sdb1 is the LUKS volume. First backup the LUKS header: "cryptsetup -v luksHeaderBackup --header-backup-file=/tmp/LUKS-header /dev/sdb1". Then encrypt (gpg -c) the LUKS-header, and anonymously stash a few copies online. This is the weak point. You must remember where at least one of them is, and also remember the passphrase. When sensors fail, swatd runs "head -c 1052672 /dev/urandom > /dev/sdb1; sync; shutdown -P now". To recover, you would just boot into initramfs, restore the LUKS header, and reboot. How about "head -c 1052672 /dev/urandom > /dev/sdb1; xinput set-int-prop 2 "Device Enabled" 8 0; xset dpms force off; xscreensaver-command --lock; sync; echo o > /proc/sysrq-trigger"? That way, the keyboard and display would be gone while sync was completing. Also, does rebooting protect better against reading RAM than shutting down? Many VPN services now provide obfuscated access. Some use haggismn's XOR patch for OpenVPN. Others provide access via SSH, Stunnel (SSL) and/or obfsproxy (obfs3). I presume that any approach developed for Tor could be used with VPN. Using meek, traffic is obfuscated and routed through arbitrary third-party sites. This works well, and is very fast: head -c 1052672 /dev/urandom > /dev/sdb1; xinput --disable 9; xinput --disable 10; xset dpms force off; sync; echo o > /proc/sysrq-trigger Authentication and quality control are obviously problematic with "illegal" (statist BS) drugs. While customer feedback on anonymous marketplaces does provide some assurance, it is easily gameable. Still, LSD is so potent that adulteration is not a serious risk. Few drugs are hazardous, let alone effective, at doses well under 1 mg. And those that are would not likely be sold as LSD, but rather explicitly as poisons. Blotter and windowpane are the safest dosage forms, because there is less capacity for adulterants. Starting with a low dose is prudent for many reasons. There's a good discussion of progressive dosing strategy in PiHKAL. Specifically: http://www.crackle.com/c/kidnapped?cmpid=3529&utm_medium=660... WTF? Good thing that we run NoScript ;) Is that the lesson of the day? Bitcoin arguably cannot become mainstream without secure hosted wallets. Most people won't use Bitcoins until wallets start looking like debit cards, with authenticated access, insurance, and so on. Even so, prudent investors will keep large balances in offline wallets, securely encrypted and backed up. In my experience, it's simplest to use multiple offline wallets, each in its own VM. To start using a wallet, one merely copies its VM to an online host, and appropriately configures network access for the VM. That's too proprietary for me. Too much could go wrong. If someone has enough Bitcoins to bother with offline wallets, knowing how to use VMs isn't too much to expect. I'm committed to freedom and requisite privacy. Bitcoins interest me primarily because they can (with some effort) be used anonymously. I advocate the compartmentalization of activity among multiple online identities. Each identity has dedicated VMs, and each VM reaches the Internet through some nested chain of VPNs, JonDonym and Tor. Consequently, Bitcoins end up in multiple VMs. Some VMs are associated with particular identities. Others are as anonymous as fresh Whonix instances can make them. I could transfer wallet credentials between VMs, but that would take about as much time as moving VMs around. Anyway, that's what using VMs as wallet holders gets me. My host machines all run Linux with dm-crypt/LUKS, and I have good physical security. If I were on the road, I'd buy a notebook for cash from some random shop, and boot Tails. If I had to, I could operate without local storage, using information that I had encrypted and archived online. But a Trezor, even fresh and charged with recovered wallet credentials, could be found and taken. Privacy at the browser level is hopeless! The answer is to compartmentalize. This VM and its convoluted Internet connectivity are pure Mirimir. I care not that the browser has been fingerprinted, that my IP has been logged, that evercookies have been placed, etc, etc, etc. I have used Qubes, and I highly recommend it. But mostly I use VirtualBox in Debian. If you search my handle, you'll find how-to guides and articles. Basically, I use local networks of gateway VMs to route traffic through nested chains of VPNs, JonDonym and Tor. I mostly use pfSense VMs, because they're so easy to secure. But Whonix is the best solution for using Tor. One could do the same in Qubes, more elegantly. And indeed, I got the idea of workspace and gateway VMs from Joanna Rutkowska's early posts about the Qubes project. Check out the link in my profile. There are a couple background articles on risk assessment and anonymity systems, and a series of eight how-to guides. I also write a lot on Wilders, and have at times on Tor.SE. I use various nested VPN chains, with three VPNs minimum. I also use a bunch of Whonix instances, connecting via VPN chains. And sometimes I play with JonDonym. Pond works through Tor, and Pond servers are hidden services. I consider that using Tor makes me a target, so I go through at least three VPN services. More cogent is the comment on page 17: "I wanted to remind people about Eldo Kim here ( the Harvard bomb threat hoax ). He had pretty good Concealment ( was using Tor ) but had no cover to explain WHY he was using Tor at that time, and then gave it up under questioning." I don't get why he says "VPN connection to TOR => GOTOJAIL". How is it OK that your ISP sees you connecting to Tor, but dangerous if your VPN provider does? Or is this about some other issue? He says that Tor to VPN is OK, as long as you buy the VPN service anonymously. So I don't think that there's semantic confusion. Also, there is a clear downside to tunneling VPNs through Tor, in that it prevents circuit switching, which increases vulnerability to deanonymization. Maybe I'm lying ;) http://www.cidrdb.org/cidr2015/Papers/CIDR15_Paper16.pdf I'd say 2015 :) Here is a list of potential targets that we investigated (they all call gethostbyname, one way or another), but to the best of our knowledge, the buffer overflow cannot be triggered in any of them: apache, cups, dovecot, gnupg, isc-dhcp, lighttpd, mariadb/mysql, nfs-utils, nginx, nodejs, openldap, openssh, postfix, proftpd, pure-ftpd, rsyslog, samba, sendmail, sysklogd, syslog-ng, tcp_wrappers, vsftpd, xinetd. See "Re: Qualys Security Advisory CVE-2015-0235 - GHOST: glibc gethostbyname buffer overflow" " rel="nofollow">http://seclists.org/oss-sec/2015/q1/283> . This is, of course, great news. However, it's my impression that there is a surplus of entry and middle nodes, and a serious shortage of exit nodes, especially fast ones. Also, I've read that the geographic diversity of exit nodes is inadequate. I base these comments on discussions on the tor-talk and tor-relays lists, and from posts on the Tor Project blog. I gather that various conservative cultures see much of Western popular culture as child porn. Even to arguably dissolute Americans, aspects of popular Japanese culture look a lot like child porn. Who gets to set standards on the Internet? If the least-permissive standard won for each category, the Internet would be boring. It is only natural that people with things to hide will be overrepresented among early adopters of technologies for hiding things. The solution isn't to weaken hidden services, so that evil can be more readily exposed. Far more useful will be increasing the accessibility and usability of hidden services for protecting human rights. In this case, dilution is truly the solution. It's good practice to discuss plans with your hosting provider, so that you and they both know what to expect. Stealth doesn't cut it, especially if there's real money at risk. Also, keep in mind that relay IPs, and perhaps even subnets, may show up on various blacklists. Other services (perhaps those of other hosting customers) may be affected. In the 60s, many Western hippies went through Iran on their Hippie Trail (Silk Road) tours. Many minds were bent. See Magic Bus: On the Hippie Trail from Istanbul to India by Rory MacLean (2008, Penguin). Yes, this is not at all a surprise. And yes, many nations are pursuing similar initiatives, to defend against Five Eyes snooping. What varies more is the emphasis (in public, at least) on backdoors. China, Russia and the UK want them. The rest of the EU and the US have been conflicted. Recall that US TLAs have been pushing for this since strong encryption became widely available in the 80s. And with all the FUD about cyberwar, they'll probably get their wishes granted soon. They also want backdoors for end-to-end encryption. Remember the Clipper Chip? Cypherpunks won that round with Silicon Valley support. But now that we're at cyberwar, all bets are off. I recall seeing this on tor-talk or tor-relays within the past year or so. Someone started running an exit, and their hosting provider nuked their account, claiming that other customers were being affected by bans. I'll see if I can find it. Edit: Here's one example, posted by Zack Weinberg on the tor-relays list.[0] CMU network operations has decided to move the Tor exit node that my group operates (tor-exit.cylab.cmu.edu) to an isolated subnet in order to minimize consequences for the rest of the campus network. For instance, apparently there have been several cases where third parties blacklisted the entire CMU IP space in response to malicious traffic from the exit node. This is currently scheduled to happen Tuesday (Nov. 4). The new IP address will be 204.194.29.4. [0] https://lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-relays/2014-Novem... That's why you want to rent your server as anonymously as possible. It's also why most hosting providers don't like anonymous customers. And those that are cool with it often charge more. Some sites don't bother distinguishing between relays and exits. They just block non-Tor access from all Tor node IPs. Do I have to respond to the American Community Survey (ACS)?[0] Yes. You are legally obligated to answer all the questions, as accurately as you can. The relevant laws are Title 18 U.S.C Section 3571[1] and Section 3559,[2] which amends Title 13 U.S.C. Section 221.[3] As I read that, it's an infraction, with a fine of not more than $5,000 and/or imprisonment of five days or less. [0] https://askacs.census.gov/faq.php?id=5000&faqId=7455 [1] http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2010-title18/html/USCODE... [2] http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2011-title18/html/USCODE... [3] http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2011-title13/html/USCODE... It strikes me as odd that you would think that your kids are "unlikely to ever earn" as much as you have, or even less than a third as much. I'm curious about your basis for that assertion. Perhaps you're American, and it's grounded in the increasing concentration of wealth. Or perhaps it's just probabilistic. But in any case, isn't it better to share all of that with them? I'm assuming that there's an option to require approval before installing downloaded updates. Yes? As a user, Cyanogen is a great improvement over stock Android, no question. But there is zero hope of "regain[ing] complete control over the devices we own" without open-source radios and firmware. Just sayin'. I consider that anonymity and pseudonymity are aspects of privacy. What's private there are the associations between activity and identity. We need "privacy for the weak and transparency for the powerful" (see Cypherpunks: Freedom and the Future of the Internet by Julian Assange et alia). Yes, but I'd install it in the driveway, and not on the freeway ;) I don't have an updatable car. But I have used Windows. And it's become my practice to hold off for a few days after updates come out, and check for horror stories. And I typically do a manual backup before updating. The Ars article ends with: "A real audit of the [GnuPG] code would be great," Green said. "The problem is it would be really expensive and I'm not sure it's worth it." I wonder what Green means as the alternative to auditing the GnuPG code. Doing nothing? Or could he be arguing that it would be better to start from scratch? Is there a replacement in the wings? Or even as a glint in someone's eye? In " rel="nofollow">https://github.com/google/end-to-end> I see that "End-To-End is a Chrome extension that helps you encrypt, decrypt, digital sign, and verify signed messages within the browser using OpenPGP." That's rather limited. That is interesting. I wonder if Enigmail would support NetPGP as an alternative. It's not that hard to create a Tor hidden service, locally or on a VPS or hosted server. And using OnionShare " rel="nofollow">https://onionshare.org/> it's trivial. The US pharmaceutical industry is too wealthy for that to be workable. The game is to make friends while working at the FDA, and then to cash in. In order to serve the public interest, drug discovery and testing ought to occur in academia. The pharmaceutical industry should play no role in that, and should merely manufacture approved drugs. Edit: Please see The Truth About Drug Companies , by Marcia Angell, M.D., formerly an editor of the New England Journal of Medicine. Reforming the current system would be difficult, no doubt. And perhaps it's unworkable. Big pharma also owns academia. Much of the peer-reviewed literature for many drugs has been ghostwritten by industry-funded consultants. Sometimes the authors don't even read their manuscripts, and in some cases haven't been informed of them. Some journals have been addressing this, but it's pervasive. In any case, the current system isn't working. Incentives for fraud far outweigh those for improving public health. And there is virtually no accountability. Biological availability is a key issue. Having the right molecule is pointless if it's not absorbed as efficiently. Conversely, more-efficient absorption could be dangerous. It's an especially critical issue for extended-release forms.