There are other implementations too, like IBM J9 and GNU Kaffe. I remember using J9 in place of Sun Java when I was a desktop Linux user. By User, I mean business owner, it ought to be like an apple product in so much as the default interface is easy enough to do most of the things you would want to do with your PBX, Obviously, some stuff like configuring site-site peering, and a T1 PRI would need more experience, and an advanced interface. The idea is, some of the product line, may only be sold by VAR's, like anything that cant auto-configure itself, for example. For what market slice, think smaller :-P, I'm looking at the 3-300 Seat market, which is a much larger portion of the system market, then the high end stuff Cisco is selling. I'm looking at competing with Panasonic and Toshiba, and folks who have no phone system at all - for now, I have an idea for a much much larger system, that simply moves the point of aggregation up a level - I personally would love to knock Cisco out of the game at some point, their product is junk in many ways. I've never seen a Cisco install work as expected - and I've seen somewhere north of 30 of them - in my opinion any phone system that need regular reboots is garbage. Having supported phone system as a service, its often roses, honestly, in most cases it just doesn't work, the biggest issue being call quality (Choppy Audio, one way Audio, etc), also, SIP and NAT do not play nice, so you usually need an ALG if you want more then one phone on the customer premises, which annoys the customer as its another 200+ dollar piece of gear. I think the best idea is to partner with folks like Vonage, and other IP Telephony Carriers (Looking with a big eye towards the cable carriers offering business voice service like Comcast), to provide branded hardware, so they provide the trunking to the premises, we provide the phones. The customer can manage all their stuff internally, and the telco has an inbuilt market. Thanks so much for the advice! Or just use a Black and White Laser Printer? Really, anything you print, no matter what it is printed on with enough time an effort could be track back to at least the model and type of printer. Page last updated at 02:05 GMT, Wednesday, 1 April 2009 UK I'm surprised by a NDA that wont even allow you to disclose that you performed a project that did some certain things, or that you performed an undisclosed project for X Company, and then a list of the technologies involved. What of BSD? The stack /can/ be the same even. I would point out that both the Model S and X may very well have the circuitry to completely disconnect the cell pack at something below 10% actual charge (not displayed charge). I'm also really wondering how much of this is self discharge, and how much of this is poor load control of the standby electronics. Lower then it is in the bay area, just from observation. I buy American cars for several reasons: 1. Most American cars are NOT world cars, I'm a big guy, 6'3 300 lbs, I dont fit well in a world car, so I'm always looking at vehicles designed for the North American market, plus I do a whole lot of long distance driving. 2. Less intensive maintenance schedule, my town car will never need its timing belt changed, nor a valve adjustment, the primary services done, are simply to change fluids. 3. While is sounds jingoistic, its patriotic, I prefer to buy something made here. I think right about the perfect time to buy a car is after the initial 5 year break in - preferably with someone else doing the break in. I think its a good model though. I agree, since I want to be able to offer plans without long contracts, to deal with that I ether need to; 1. Raise the onboarding cost high enough so leaving at the drop of the hat is not expensive for us.; or 2. Lower the cost of acquisition of customers.; or 3. Pass the onboarding costs on to customers as a setup fee. If it costs me 250 dollars to bring on a customer, and they leave after two months, I'm never going to make money. Obviously a contract is always an option, I get stability, customer gets lower pricing, at a cost of flexibility on both sides. The big advantage of startups is customer acquisition is easier for us, they are less barriers for contracting, and getting them to try our service, furthermore; these are companies that have no real viable way of providing support as-is – it’s a win-win. This is new? I think there are good examples to take from Jobs. It's all about a time and a place, sometimes you want to drive to resolution, and be a dick, because that is what will produce the most efficient best result, and for other things, good enough _is_ good enough, and additional pushing will not result in substantive improvement. Wisdom is the ability to pick those two situation apart. I wonder how much this adjusts for natural fading in prints. Goes to show, just how much easier it is to write about a future, than it is to predict the future. Though on whole, if you grab a statement out of each (almost) you have the world of today. I like it. From where I sit it pokes fun at the stereotypical "living in the land of unrealistic expectations" Apple Macintosh user. Maybe that's why some of the folks are so offended at it. Like it or not, even the Mac is a complex combination of hardware and software, and while much of this is obvious to those of us who spend 8+ hours in front of a computer, its not obvious those everyone else. While perhaps poorly executed, I think the ads do point out the difference between Apple and Everyone Else; When you buy a Mac, there is ALWAYS an expert standing by to help you solve your problems, someone who knows everything about your hardware and software, this is something the PC world does not have. I think its designed to keep someone from taking the work, and selling it as their own. If you look at fonts, there are hundreds of thousands of unique fonts being sold individually. I really believe Mac OS is the future of the consumer market. It's easy to use, complete, and has friendly people at any apple retailer to help you onboard yourself on to the system. Either Apple, or the Apple Model. Hardware >> Software >> Support. All from one manufacturer. FYI: dig is not an 'OSX tool' its part of bind from ISC, it's a standard UNIX tool for looking up DNS information. Just a pet peeve of mine. The man who controls the press, controls the speech. Twitter undeniably controls the press in this case - they can do whatever they feel like. One thing that this article missed out on: Prior to 1984 Business telephone users cross subsidized Residential users, both thru higher local access rates, and higher LD rates. I'm not surprised. Everytime I see a webapp like this, I always wonder to myself "where's the click". I dont see a future for SaaS that is not targeted at people directly forking money over for it. I found the initial valuation questionable to start out with. But its clear to me, Zuckerberg is more interested in long term growth of his company than he is any short term profitability goals. I think Facebook may well be a great stock to hold over decades - but not for months or weeks, as the current market seems to think in. This does not surprise me at all - the telecom network is unbelievably fragile. I'm quite fond of requiring people to take the citizenship test before being granted their rights as citizens - including voting. First, its not off CID, its off ANI (ANI is what is passed to the remote endpoint when you call a toll free number), not that you cant spoof ANI - but often it can be a little harder, as its used in billing on the telco side. Second, every bank does something like this, I can access my credit card by phone with just the last four digits of my account number, and by calling in from my phone. I can do the same thing with my BofA account number in lieu of my SSN. Third, again, every bank is like this to some extent - every CC I have, if I call in from my number, and key in the last for digits of my credit card, I can get info. I should also point that knowing someones Tel Number, Account Number and/or CC number is a considerable amount of info to have. Thats a really great lil' snippet I like the new design, to be honest, I think it looks pretty great. On the other hand, I like the existing logoscript better, and I find the flag-on-the-tail placement, to be just plain tacky. I worked for Barracuda, I left, because I felt the company was slimy. On the other hand, from a customer service point of view, this supposed back door is great, it makes the product much easier to support, for a customer base who is honestly, most of the time not that technically astute. If they were more astute, they would have bought a different product. I used to do it so I could print stuff for consumption or filling out when I got home from the field... also, because I could (a good reason for anything). Now I use IPP for the same purpose, less security risk. It can actually, but only will sites every couple blocks for the useage profile invisioned by this concept. So while many of the posts seem to be focusing on how to pay for it, there is another issue. It's not technically feasible, in urban areas at 700 mhz you would need a very wide block of spectrum, several hundred megs, plus backhaul to provision something that could offer 50 mbit service to everyone, you need this, because of frequency reuse issues (700 carries too far, not enough atmospheric attenuation). In rural areas, you cant pay for the cost of the infrastructure on the subscriber density, rural areas need a much lower frequency to be able to make an affordable site density. For this to be possible, we need much more dense modulation than we currently have, and a wide block of spectrum. I really believe for urban areas the future is mesh, ala Ricochet (even using some of the same methods), which means cells that extend over a 1-3 block radius and extremely fast/wide backhaul, the backhaul needs to be automatic and self healing, wireline backhaul from anything more then every other 3-5 sites breaks the cost quotient. High Sites wont work in any event, you could deploy something in rural areas looking more like the cell phone network - but again, to enable reuse, you need a really wide block of spectrum. In either case, be it mesh, or cell site like things, these have to be engineered networks, you cant just throw it up and expect it to work. Also, the chance for great financial success as a commerical entity is low, see Ricochet and Clearwire. Voice service is still far cheaper here than in europe, same with long distance. For the UK to call the US is 28.95 cents a min, plus a 20 cent connection charge. For me to call from my local telco (CenturyLink) here to the UK is 7 cent a min to landlines, or 26 cents per min for mobiles. I know LD resellers from which I could get even lower rates, this is just incombent to incombent. Comperable to what you can get for unlimited ADSL from providers like earthlink, I should also note, that based on what I know, those prices are for capped service, versus unlimited for most american ADSL. That said, one thing Europe does beat us on is footprint, only a very small percentage here has real broadband access (sat access doesnt count). But that is the nature of the differences in population density. To an extent, yes. That said, for universal wireless anything, you need a considerable block of spectrum. Consider that between T-Mobile/Sprint/Clearwire/AT&T/Verizon in the Seattle market, they hold something like 400+ mhz of spectrum. To provide this kind of service, you would need a similar (though not as large) block of spectrum. If you just looked at LTE or WiMax, to roll out a nationwide footprint, you would need something like 250 mhz of spectrum, and that includes backhaul pairs, and this is to provide enough carriers per site that most people could get a 'similar to cable internet experience'. There isnt 250 mhz of spectrum (other than the huge swaths the government has held for itself) in the bands that are useful for both rural and urban environments. That sounds right for the Land Mobile service (and even more so for the vast swaths of spectrum that the government retains for itself) - but less so for the existing network carriers, they have carriers lit up all the time. I dont think they are either, to be honest, though I prefer uncapped. That said, I want to compare apples to apples. I'm a white guy (as white as wonder bread and twinkies, only thing missing is the blond hair, and blue eyes) but with an very common first and last name and a Persian middle name. For 5 years every time I flew, I was subjected to 'random' extra inspection, and was unable to check in online. When I questioned this, I was absolutely assured it was random, and there was nothing I could do about it. I don't plan on living the rest of my life in fear of the unknown, planes crash, people die, these things happen, its statistically less likely to die from terrorism then it is from a normal plane crash, consider that. I feel your pain, and its absolutely not right, and I hope in my lifetime, we come to our senses or I fear it may eventually result in a revolution. Nice to meet a coincidental fellow traveler so to speak. I was looking at the 10 years from 9/11, when I made the statement. I think it could be as something as a keyword match, and its either my middle name, or the fact that I have such a common first and last name that matches me to someone, somewhere who may or may not have done something, at some point in time. "For example, Facebook has considerably altered how we interact with our friends. In some ways, it has benefited us — for example, I wouldn’t have been able to have the conversation with Max that prompted this discussion if he hadn’t seen my Facebook status and chatted with me after noticing I was online." I'm a LiveJournaler, and have been since like 2003, and while the community is less busy than it was, I've been having a much higher quality of interactions on there, long before facebook was around doing anything. For me, facebook is just the latest chapter in helping people around the world connect, with more cute pictures of cats however that what came before. everytime I see that name, I mentally transpose the d and the r. and yet they are very different products, moj.io uses a mobile data network, automatic is just a bluetooth dongle. I dont think its nitpicking I would never recognize it unless I also owned the shirt, and knew what it was. I may order one when its refresh time. If I dont like it, I know I like the MBP with Retina, I do however like the touch point more than a trackpad. The people have nothing to do with it anymore. The vested moneyed interests are in control, and will be until the people wake up from their stupor and pay attention. I'm a contractor, I work for one of the largest telecom companies in the world. Anyone who has worked for this company knows how well known it is for endless bureaucracy, which is fine, because they pay me even if I cant actually do any work. I make around to slightly above market rates. I have no benefits. I pay for health insurance. I have no paid vacation. I don't get catered lunches. I don't get a foosball table either. Even though I'm a field service engineer, I don't even have a company vehicle. I'm a mid-career telecom engineer, I've been doing telecom support and IT Service for 10 years, I would love to find a permanent position, every perm role I have made it into, I've been either downsized or outsourced out of. So I contract. So when I see someone like this bemoaning their very good situation, I can't help but roll my eyes a little.