While this is pretty funny, I feel I should point out they're only using half the scpecification of Intelligent Design. There are two parts: 1. The less likely a pattern is, the more likely it is to have been designed by an intelligent agent. If the lists used in the example were randomly generated, they would all have equal likelihood, so this criterion is useless for the example given. 2. The more closely a pattern matches an external, independently-specified pattern, the more likely it is to have been designed by an intelligent agent. This is the same principle used in SETI searches, which look for sequences of primes etc. to identify signals with intelligent sources. IIRC, the total likelihood of intelligence is the product of the two parts. In this community, everyone is an oddity. Get used to it or GTFO. That's what they said about dumping garbage in the ocean. Guys, stop downvoting posts just because you disagree with them. If you have something to add to the discussion, add it. Parent was not abusive or off-topic or otherwise deserving of downmodding. Introversion, the UK games company that did Uplink, Defcon, and Darwinia, has been working on a game called Subversion that has procedurally generated cities, from terrain mapping to placing desk chairs in the offices of the buildings. http://www.introversion.co.uk/subversion/ The Ubiquity team at Mozilla is lead by Aza Raskin, son of Jef Raskin. (Jef wrote the book "Humane Interfaces" and developed THE (The Humane Environment), which never progressed beyond the tech demo you can read about at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Archy and download the last version from https://users-www.wineme.fb5.uni-siegen.de/home/Sebastian%20... ). Aza started Humanized, to develop Enso, a direct predecessor of Ubiquity, but which I find even more useful since it runs outside the browser,and is therefore useable from any program, and is written in Python, and it totally hackable. You can get Enso from http://humanized.com/ . Ubuntu Studio does have a neutral grey palette. Modifying the color is easy, System->Preferences->Appearance. I think it's called Studio because the Linux kernel was built with more aggressive real-time options turned on by default, to reduce jutter in audio+video capture. These are real, though they don't look any less ridiculous: http://blog.makezine.com/archive/2009/01/maker_channel_105_t... Ralph Nader really did kill the American-made small car industry, but that was a long time ago... I got a diploma at my graduation. It was two full weeks after finals. Perspective change for you: It's the Internet. It takes up a huge amount of space, utilizing zillions of processors, and is insanely parallel. Not to mention improving my vocabulary - mostly of swear words. I think if Sony had made MemoryStick and MiniDisk (or whatever it was called) a lot more "open," they would have killed the competition. IIRC, the mapreduce fees are on top of the normal EC2 instance fees? They doubled the ram before the petabyte sort. Is that what you're talking about? It's not as hard as you might think. Sure, it's loud and cramped, but it's really freakin' dull in one of those things! I daydreamed just fine. I even know someone who fell asleep during an MRI. Heh, it was only my brain they were interested in. Burlington Telecom is one of the more successful, from Vermont: http://www.burlingtontelecom.net/ A bunch of disaffected college students just got out for the summer, and have more time to read and submit articles here. I'm pretty sure they would have factored that in to the study. Google is very good at counting which link you clicked, and how long it took you to find it. This reminds me of a quote by Thomas Jefferson, at the bottom of this page: http://books.google.com/books?id=VGYSAAAAYAAJ&pg=RA1-PA2... (Geez that's a long URL!) Basically it says that we shouldn't build our important buildings out of wood, because wood rots. If you want something to last more than 50-100 years, make it out of something more durable. Yeah, but it can play every game of Sudoku ever - all at the same time!!!! If the government provided health care, he'd still be paying for it, with his taxes. No, he said the money changes hands fewer times - this (all else being equal, which it's not) does make things more efficient. Wow, just reading that brought back a lot of painful memories. I used to hone my skill at carefully tearing seeds out of seed-pods while leaving the pods intact, out of sheer boredom. "Publishers should not have to choose between protecting their copyrights and shunning the search-engine databases that map the Internet." Then put it behind a paywall. Or at least put a small, indexable summary page in front of an unindexed article (using robots.txt). Or invent your own search engine/news aggregator. That's not very constructive feedback. How about a hint? These are some pretty nice-looking mockups, but the typography is going to need some work. Unless they count the clashing typefaces as an anti-counterfeiting measure... The original idea is that the ones on the left are uglier than the ones on the right because of their brightness. The rebuttal switches the brightness levels, which results in the same progression , from ugly to less ugly. I like your idea, but sorting on insertion is O(log(N)), which is faster than searching an unordered list and just as fast as having different-sized bills. Yeah, but sometimes they do. I only meant for inserting one bill, so N is the number of bills you have already. Using a binary search on a sorted list, either to find a specific denomination you want or to find the correct spot for a new bill, is O(log(N)). $100/wk gym membership? Are you an Olympic athlete or something? Maybe this is obvious, but why does this link use the archive? http://www.schneier.com/blog/ Sorry, just picked the first Scheier link I saw in my history. This one is more relevant: http://www.schneier.com/cryptography.html Yes, of course! And that's the way we like it. Remember, not everyone works for a startup. Some people have lives, and hobbies, apart from their day jobs. Nope, there is no point. But I like it anyways! Testable and reliable chunks are totally cool, but they are increasingly unrealistic and "passé". Modern systems use lots of unreliable parts which are not well defined (eg Google's server farms), and before long (especially at MIT) there will be quantum computers whose behavior will be impossible to exactly quantify or predict. Teaching students how to get real work done in these uncertain environments is definitely preparing them for real computing systems of the future. By Wikipedia, a proof that relativizes is one that isn't affected by the addition of an oracle. OK, so when he arrived, he thought America was 100 years behind. Five years later, he had become convinced that America was 100 years ahead, and even after re-visiting Europe, he still hasn't gone back to his old way of thinking. Yeah, press ctrl-alt-esc to bring up the Task Manager. Go to the Processes tab, then right-click on a process. Choose a priority form the Set Priority submenu. Options are Realtime, High, Above Normal, Normal (default), Below Normal, and Low. That sounds more like an issue with the software subscription being automatic, not some evilness on PayPal's part? Although it seems to be the same page, this URL would have been less confusing: https://bespin.mozilla.com/ This page is more informative: http://labs.mozilla.com/projects/bespin/ Every few months, when MS or Yahoo or Ask claim to have improved their results, or some little guy claims to have better (or more useful) results than Google, I actually go try them out. Google consistently has more-relevant results, closer to the top than anyone else I've tried. Their new "SearchWiki" lets me fix the dozen or so cases where Google doesn't have the exact result I was looking for. There's the Cartoon Guide to Statistics ( http://www.amazon.com/Cartoon-Guide-Statistics-Larry-Gonick/... ), which, despite its name, is pretty solid and comprehensive book on basics. And definitely not boring! It's just a search engine. It's not science. Couldn't you at least try writing your congressman first? Civil disobedience is fine when necessary , but otherwise you just come across as a scofflaw. That seems fair. But you first said "I don't care if it's legal or not", when really, you care quite a bit! The novelty is not the device, but the business.