Bugzilla is pretty nice. Blogs? Nobody. I pay to read the authors that I'm willing to pay for, when I buy their books. Out of the OP's list, I've bought books by Steve McConnell, Paul Graham, Ted Neward and Joel Spolsky. A nice, basic, simple (but not easy ) way is this: a. cut the gratuitously bad stuff out of your diet. Drop sodas, chips, candy, etc. If you eat fast food, get a grilled chicken sandwich and a salad instead of a double cheeseburger and fries. B. add some exercise. It doesn't have to be a lot, but what has worked well for me over the years is walking on a treadmill, and gradually upping the incline to increase the resistance as my conditioning improves; and/or increasing my speed or adding time to my sessions. You'd be amazed how much weight you can lose if you walk on a treadmill for an hour at 3.5 MPH, with the incline set all the way up, 4-5 times a week. Just be patient. Trying to lose more than 2 lbs a week is probably not a good idea, and it takes some fairly hard work (see above) to lose even 2 lbs a week. That is bloody brilliant! Love it... Most job ads I see say "Bachelors degree or equivalent experience " In those cases, definitely apply even without a degree. And even if they don't, apply anyway. A lot of time stuff gets put in job descriptions by copy & paste, or because it's common, not because it's an actual requirement. Yeah, HR might filter you out for not having a degree in some cases, but you'll get past them to the hiring manager in other cases, then you have a chance to sell yourself. 1. programming.reddit.com, Slashdot, Hacker News (Honorable mention: java.net, theserverside.com and freshmeat.net) 2. my personal library, Borders, Barnes & Noble 3. Sluggy Freelance, User Friendly, Dilbert (Honorable Mention: BOFH ) 4. TriJUG Mail List, TriLUG Mail List, saloon.javaranch.com TC demands to go first, eh? Feh... remind me to not submit anything to TC then. That's just pathetic. Mashable or CenterNetworks or any (and all) of a bazillion other blogs cover the same space to varying degrees anyway. Gen-X according to those ranges (born in 1973) but I disagree with at least some details of these definitions, if not the entire premise behind labeling "generations." For example, the Gen-X stereotype would be some lazy, self-centered kid listening to 90's grunge music, while blaming his parents generation for fucking up the world, while wearing a flannel shirt and ridiculously long sideburns. I feel pretty much nothing in common with that stereotype, fucking hate grunge music, and am far more interested in how we (my "generation" or whoever) can change the world, than in assigning blame to others. I find that it depends on what mood I'm in and what I'm trying to do. Sometimes I like metal when coding, sometimes trance or europop type stuff, and sometimes classical. And there are plenty of times when silence is best. Now excuse me while I put on some Armored Saint... On FreeNode, I auto join these channels when I bother to start my IRC client, which may or may not happen any given day. #trilug (Triangle Linux User's Group) #trijug (Triangle Java User's Group) #trilug-mtb (people in trilug who ride MTBs) #fedora #centos #asterisk #centos #openmoko #java #eclipse #spring #jboss #hibernate #ruby #erlang #prolog #lisp #ai #swig #machinelearning #openqabal OpenOffice Calc. One nice thing about OOo is that you can write scripts / extensions in pretty much any language you feel comfortable with. I think I've seen some reference to some integration between R and Calc as well, which would make Calc incredibly powerful for statistical analysis. And they're not the only ones: https://openqabal.dev.java.net/ (disclaimer: OpenQabal is a project I started). I'm pretty sure there are a few other projects out there as well, doing more or less the same thing(s). If everybody working on one of these projects could get in sync, and agree to common protocols and formats, so that they could all interoperate, it would make it that much more likely for the federated / decentralized approach to catch on. I'm not sure it'll happen though. Nobody seems to really be talking about it (yet). I agree with what a number of others have said here: Java isn't ideal for front-end web stuff, but it still has a lot of uses for low level data processing and back-end work. Also, the JVM is a great platform, and you can target it with any number of languages: Groovy, Clojure, Scala, Nice, JRuby, Jython, etc. Personally I'm using Groovy on Grails for the web front-end part(s) of my current project, and even using Groovy for some of the "backend'ish" parts just to get through the initial prototype. Grails and Groovy are amazing in terms of developer speed - compared to Java anyway. But since it's all still on the JVM, I can just drop in existing Java libraries and - if, or when - I need to, it'll be fairly easy to transition bits to Java. For my money, it's the best of both worlds at the moment. Then again, the stuff I'm doing is somewhat "enterprisey" so being on the JVM will probably actually be a selling point down the road. > Another aspect is that many cool new things are happening > in languages other than Java - they have more interesting > tools (eg. Sinatra), and more interesting energy in the > community, because they attract those crazy, eager, > young, passionate, enthusiastic early adopters. Of all the comparisons I've heard, this is one I'd say I'm dubious about. There is still a LOT of activity in the Java space, and lots of cool and interesting tools and libraries continue to be written in Java. Off the top of my head, I'd mention Lucene, Hadoop, Weka, Mahout, Tika, HornetQ, UIMA, GATE, Camel, Jackrabbit, DERI Pipes, etc., etc. This isn't too say that other languages don't also have lots of activity in tools and libraries and frameworks, but I think Java is still in pretty solid shape in this regard. Yeah, but they're all being actively developed, so I'm not sure how much it matters when the project was originated. And that was just "off the cuff" of stuff I use or am interested in. There's other stuff out there as well. Anyway, I'm not arguing that Java is the most active in this regard, just that this particular criticism - of all the ones one could level - is, in my humble opinion, relatively weak. Well, Groovy has been around longer than Clojure, IIRC, and maybe longer than Scala, or about as long. So I'd guess that quite a few Java people who were interested in alternatives got exposed to Groovy before Scala and Clojure started gaining traction. And since there are only so many hours in the day... at some point you have to start building stuff instead of just learning new languages. Also, Groovy's syntax is very Java like. In fact, Groovy is pretty close to a superset of Java, so you can often - if not always - rename a .java file to .groovy, and compile it with groovyc and run it. This makes it easy to leverage your existing knowledge of Java, while slowly working in the idiomatic Groovy. All of that said, I personally plan to learn both Scala and Clojure as well; and will probably take my Scala book to the Triangle JVM Hack Night meeting tomorrow night and spend a couple of hours poking at Scala. > The sourceforge project was registered on the 15th of may, this is not a project that has been in > mainstream development for two years. It may have been in development for two years but not with the > kind of push behind it that you need for a successful launch of a web application. Not sure what it matters how long it's been in development. If he's worked X years and gotten N amount of work done, he's still N amount of work ahead of where he'd be if he just started today, or the same day as the Diaspora guys. If that work amounts to anything, it could be a considerable advantage, if he does get some attention and gets some other people onboard. If not, he's still no worse off than if he hadn't done anything and decided to launch a new decentralized social network project today. > It looks like someone's pet project that did not gain much traction that they're trying to breathe > new life in. Yeah, I know the feeling. I started a project with similar goals a while back ( https://openqabal.dev.java.net ) but got distracted and didn't get very far with it. Now I've changed the focus of my project to something different and am restarting development, but it's kinda moved away from the Diaspora / decentralized social network thing. That said, I do think that everybody working on a decentralized social network (or any social network, really) should get together (virtually anyway) and collaborate on the underlying protocols and techniques for federation. No reason one shouldn't be able to run a Diaspora server and exchange data with a site running a $WHATEVER server (allowing for privacy restrictions, etc., which kinda kick-started this whole discussion). > Open letters are good for joe public to reach the town mayor or Ty Coon when all other avenues of trying to reach them have been exhausted. > They're not exactly the best avenue to contact the people that run a competing open source project about a possible collaboration. Agreed. > I think it matters how long they've been at it because that is how they describe other projects, as having 'too little steam' behind them. I can't really tell the difference between those other projects with too little steam behind them and this one. Well, "steam" in this regard can - IMO - come and go. You can start a project, do little or nothing to publicize it, tinker on it for a while, drop it, then restart it and you haven't really lost anything... if you step in two years later and start working on the project, committing code, doing releases, and publicizing it, I don't know that anybody will care about the "lost years." Or maybe I'm wrong, who knows? For all practical purposes, no. The last time I played any sort of computer game regularly was back in the dial-up BBS days of the mid 90's, when I played door games like Legend Of The Red Dragon fairly often. These days, I might logon to a MUD and poke around for a few minutes, or fire up adventure and play a little while, once every blue moon or so. But that's about it. That's hardly a "picking apart." He basically says "Yeah, your one example, which was basically a metaphor anyway, well, it's actually true, but well, it's not as neat as you think it is." Ok, and? Depends on if he's met Ray Kurzweil or not. From a sci-fi perspective, William Gibson writes some good stuff. Spook Country has some interesting ideas around geo-location, wireless connectivity and augmented reality. Actually, any of the cyberpunk authors might potentially be of interest to you. Outside of that, there's Ray Kurzweil... and J. Storrs Hall has written a couple of good books on nanotech and AI. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._Storrs_Hall Well, the "Unix Philosophy" is a big part of what is widely regarded as "hacker culture" so you might give this a look: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy There's also the "Hacker Ethic" to look at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker_ethic And his stuff doesn't necessarily have a name, but Eric Raymond's writings have been pretty influential to a lot of hackers. http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/ There's a pile of great AI/ML content up on Youtube as well. IIT has posted two cool AI series that HN'ers might like. See: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLbMPyrw4rw&feature=PlayL... and/or http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV2k2ivttL0&feature=PlayL... I'm going through the "Behind The Wheel" series on Spanish now, and it's been interesting so far. I'm far from fluent in Spanish, but I've definitely learned a lot. One thing though... if you try to learn a foreign language, it helps a LOT if you have somebody to talk to - who is already fluent (preferably a native speaker). Without somebody to talk to, it's hard to really know how well you're doing. Stanford University put out a really good podcast series from their Entrepreneurship Corner program: http://ecorner.stanford.edu/podcasts.html If by "your company" you mean the $DAYJOB, then it's "other." My dayjob company makes an enterprise document management system that is meant to serve as a repository for all sorts of documents and reports and stuff. And since we eat our own dogfood (more or less) we use it internally. OTOH, if you mean "my startup oriented activities" then the answer is a combination of miscellaneous files scattered all over the file system on my laptop, email spread across two or three accounts, some documents in Google Documents, a Google Wave or two, and all sorts of notebooks and whiteboards full of scribbles and crap, spread around my apartment. :-) I missed the initial thread, so thanks for bringing this up. It's interesting stuff. I'd say I'm definitely an information addict. :-( I look at it as a self-correcting problem. It's a brain-dead stupid HR policy and firms that adopt brain-dead policies will eventually be beaten out by firms that don't. And yes, I am a Libertarian. :-) Are you just trying to take advantage of multiple cores on one physical box, or are you looking to spread work out over a cluster? If it's the former, JVM threads should be able to take advantage of multiple cores, IIRC. Just read Doug Lea's book on Java concurrency: http://www.awprofessional.com/bookstore/product.asp?isbn=020... If you want to go over a cluster, there are a few options. If your problem can be done in map/reduce fashion, there is Hadoop: http://hadoop.apache.org or if you want a traditional RCP styled approach (eg, MPI), there are Java bindings for MPI: http://aspen.ucs.indiana.edu/pss/HPJava/mpiJava.html In either case, Doug's homepage is a great resource: http://gee.oswego.edu/~dl/index.html and the HPJava page might be of interest as well: http://www.hpjava.org/ Well, it's not exactly a "Nobel Prize" but there is the Turing Award: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_Award The "advertising clause" is only found in the old 4-clause BSD license though (or licenses derived from the 4-clause BSD). But that style has gone out of favor, as people found the advertising clauses caused problems, such as a proliferation of required attributions (especially obnoxious in the case of "badgeware" clauses which require something displayed as part of the UI), and not being GPL compatible. But as long as you maintain the copyright notice (which is required by the vast majority of licenses) then attribution is implicit... you just have to read the code to find it. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses#4-clause_license_.... Well, that depends on what the goal is, right? If I were a MS shareholder and wanted to see them grow and profit and succeed, I'd say somebody like Ray Ozzie. But since I despise Microsoft and really don't care if they crash and burn or whatever, I'd go for somebody else for either ironic effect, comic potential, or just sheer absurdity. So my list of candidates would be: 1. Richard Stallman 2. Eric S. Raymond 3. Zed Shaw 4. Jamie Zawinski 5. Joel Spolsky 6. Darl McBride 7. Linus Torvalds 8. Paul Graham 9. Tom Siebel 10. Sir Tim Berners-Lee 11. Tony Hayward Some people argue software should be agnostic. They say it's arrogant for developers to limit features or ignore feature requests. They say software should always be as flexible as possible. We think that's bullshit. The best software has a vision. The best software takes sides. When someone uses software, they're not just looking for features, they're looking for an approach. They're looking for a vision. Decide what your vision is and run with it. Well, I, in turn, think that's bullshit. IMO, the best software conforms to the way the user works, rather than trying to force the user to work in a way that's unnatural to them. The arguments against a confusing preferences pane and the arguments for sensible defaults in no way contradict the notion of making software than is flexible enough for power users. Poor UI design (3 different places to set prefs?) is orthogonal to the issue of whether or not something should be configurable. Power Users don't matter? Maybe for certain classes of consumer applications that don't face a steep barrier to adoption in the first place. But for some apps, it's the power users who are the early adopters, who first begin using and evangelizing for the software and without whom it would never catch on in the first place. Do you really want to piss those folks off? Make the damn "advanced preferences" pane more or less hidden (ala, about:config) but document the shit out of it and make sure it's at least there for the people who do care. If you don't mind having to write test cases for thousands of permutations of possible settings, go ahead and let your customer change everything. A simple product, however, is far easier to maintain. Obviously it's not a black and white issue... at some point if you provide enough options, you've probably provided a turing complete DSL. And that's not what I'm advocating. I'm advocating making things configurable "within reason" where I'll freely concede that "within reason" is a subjective measure. And you're right about the cost, so you have to weigh that cost against the potential lost sales from not providing a given option. And you never know for 100% sure, especially since people who don't buy your product don't typically call you up and say "Hey, I didn't buy your stuff and here's why." "Silent evidence" as it were. So it's still a bit of a judgment call. I just come down on the side of being a bit more accepting of options and configurable items, than what I think the parent article is advocating. Ok, sure, you have to draw a line somewhere . Point conceded. But the position taken by the parent article seems to be pretty close to "don't make a damn thing configurable" and that is a position I think is flat wrong - for many classes of software. Then again, my interest is more in complex, multi-user, enterprise systems, where you are likely to have more varying forces at work (integration with other systems, needs of different classes of users, etc.) than something like, say, a TODO app for ones iPhone. but OP is saying that more preferences don't necessitate poor UI design This. And also that you could have the "right" number of preferences (if such a thing exists) and still have a crappy UI. IOW, UI quality and number of preferences vary independently. I have yet to see a highly complex piece of enterprise software that people actually liked to use. Honestly, I think the current state of enterprise throw everything and the kitchen sink at the problem software just demonstrates the downsides of a complex and highly configurable system. If you don’t know what people will be using it for then you can’t build a streamlined system. True, true. And that's why I find articles like the parent useful, because they do serve to remind use that we should strive for simplicity... That is, while I may largely disagree with what seems to be the "logical conclusion" of the article, I don't disagree that things should be, as they say, "as simple as possible, but no simpler." And since I am working on some "complex, enterprise software" - and being aware of how notorious this kind of stuff is for NOT being friendly and easy to use - I feel drawn to try and break that trend by making things that are both powerful and flexible, but without being confusing and difficult. It's a difficult balance to strike, and I don't claim to have all the answers, but at least acknowledging the problem and having that as a goal is a start, I think. I think there are some interesting things you can do to innovate in that space, but I'm not sure any of the ideas floating around in my head are interesting enough to help a digg/reddit competitor overtake them. My focus is on using that kind of technology "behind the firewall" as part of an organizational "knowledge management" type system. To that end, I've been working on a very reddit-like system lately... the actual code is pretty raw still, but I've been rambling about ideas on the blog a lot lately. Feel free to look it over and see if anything I've written inspires an idea. http://www.jroller.com/openqabal Off the top of my head, the main things I've got right now that reddit doesn't are: sharing links via XMPP message and tagging. I think there's also room to do a better job of recommending things. The "related items" list on reddit is - IMO - often times pretty sad. use RSS feeds as auto-submission source. That's another feature I'm planning for my "reddit like" system. But, again, I'm not aiming for something that's Web facing and deployed on Internet scale. But I'm glad to see somebody else thinks that is a good idea. Recommending feeds, or bundles of related feeds, might be interesting to do as well. I'ts hardly fair to ask to see 5 companies who have already grown from bootstrap stage to "national prominence" as a lot of the conditions that have helped create this "bootstrap friendly" environment are still fairly young. Open Source software, relatively inexpensive hosting / cloud computing, rapid development using "convention over configuration" frameworks, etc. are all part of the ecosystem that have led people to believe that you can build a technology company without outside funding. I'd argue that most everybody noticing the confluence of those forces, and starting to build a company, have not yet had time to grow their company to a large size and level of prominence. It's back? This should almost be one of his points. (I agree with his enumerated points.) Figuring out what you want from blogging or writing or anything really is half the battle. That's a great point. Half (or more) of the blog posts I write are actually more of me "thinking out loud" than anything. So they're full of stuff that you would normally look at and say "well that's rubbish." Well, it is rubbish if the goal is well-written prose designed to convey a message with some particular aesthetic sense. But if the goal is "give me an avenue to think through this problem, while potentially communicating something of value to somebody thinking about the same things, and maybe elicit a comment that helps my thinking" then what I write is (more or less) adequate. Interesting stuff. I just take melatonin ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melatonin ) personally, but I might experiment with that approach sometime. Melatonin is supposedly pretty safe, but sometimes I still feel kinda groggy in the mornings after taking it. Does it have to be a web startup? :-) How about an enterprise software startup? Anyway, my IM address is motley.crue.fan@gmail.com (XMPP/GTalk). Tapping Into Unstructured Data: http://www.amazon.com/Tapping-into-Unstructured-Data-Intelli... Mining The Talk: http://www.amazon.com/Mining-Talk-Unlocking-Unstructured-Inf... Text Mining Application Programming: http://www.amazon.com/Text-Mining-Application-Programming/dp... Introduction to Information Retrieval (available freely online): http://nlp.stanford.edu/IR-book/information-retrieval-book.h... Wow, that really sucks. I love both sites, and FM in particular has been around - and been a big part of the open source world - for what feels like forever. If Freshmeat really goes away, that feels like the end of an era. :-( That said, here's an opportunity for somebody who wants to put together a new clone site... Maybe featuring the best parts of Freshmeat + Ohloh? Wouldn't people who are already founders / co-founders probably be too busy to take on any other projects? Or do you mean "has been a founder in the past" as opposed to "currently in the middle of founding something?" Ah, gotcha. That makes a lot more sense! That's good stuff, thanks for sharing! When you approach things from an engineering perspective, it is appealing to lock yourself away and "just hack," that's for sure. In fact, I've been doing a lot of that myself, and just a couple of nights ago somebody on IRC was sorta-kinda calling me out on not having other people involved. So I guess I can say - to some extent - "I feel your pain." One thing though: Get feedback where you can; talk database schema with the DBA in the break room at your day job while he’s refilling his coffee; share your ongoing startup problems with family and friends who’ve launched businesses before; join online news groups and connect with other people familiar with your problem domain; just stay in contact. I 99.9% agree with that. The .1 percent is the part of me that's reluctant to talk too much about startup ambitions around the day-job. Depending on the circumstances, your relationship with your employer, any binding legal agreements, etc., you might or might not want your day-job people being too aware of what you're doing in the startup realm.