I'd love a feature like this that I could use with pypy. I don't need 100ms billing resolution, but 1s or 1m would be nice. Does "unified virtual memory and pointer-passing for dedicated GPU" suggest some kind of cooperative paging between the CPU and GPU? But it's not as if the GPU could just fault in pages that it needs on demand, right? It would be really nice if curl took the content-type and results from isatty(STDOUT_FILENO) into consideration when deciding whether to spew to stdout. Well, the messaging is discrete too. Is there any way to measure empirically the safety of a hashing algorithm? This might sound silly, but I wonder what is the environmental impact of absorbing this energy with PV instead of having it be absorbed/reflected by rooftops, grass, etc? Presumably its a net benefit over combustion of fossil fuels. If solar power continues its efficiency pace, should we be concerned with its deployment? The triumphant return of clearcase‽ > You have a fortune-5 company here. Translation for you: They are a very large target for lawsuits. The open source software provides no indemnification. I work for another fortune-5 company who uses linux in many products that we sell. Another well-regulated industry, too. I will concede that the hazards for operating automobiles are well-beyond many other industries' products. I own a 2010 Ford Fusion with SYNC and I really enjoy the features. I suppose it could've been done better, but the speaker-independent voice recognition is stellar. I'm confused: $1000-2000 days? Are you suggesting that there are "many of you" who pulled down ~250-500k USD per year back in the 80s/90s/00s? Which industry(ies)/career(s) are you referring to? Correct me if I'm wrong here, but isn't that only helpful if you have multithreaded python programs? I have found that if my process is too slow, I can consider porting it to numpy/numba, cython, using pypy or dividing up the work using multiprocessing. multiprocessing is barely more work than using the threading module, and completely avoids the GIL AFAIK. It would be super-useful if this enabled something like beignet [1] to be ported to the vc4. 1: https://01.org/beignet > I have found some strong criticism of his basic understanding of economics. Does anyone know what proponents of stock buybacks would say in response to his arguments? Given the downsides, why is it appropriate/fair/legitimate? Hey, that's really useful/helpful info! I'll endorse TestDisk/PhotoRec as a mechanism for recovering deleted files, should be appropriate for most (though you might want a trusted tech savvy person to execute this recovery). The System Rescue CD includes these packages. http://www.cgsecurity.org/wiki/PhotoRec http://www.sysresccd.org/SystemRescueCd_Homepage > You just can't have a place where anyone with enough money (a few k EUR/USD) can perform murders without any reasonable risk of being exposed. I strongly suspect that we will see a whitelist-endorsed-by-some-reputation-broker approach sometime in the future. The suggestion of this kind of thing usually creates a big backlash among many Bitcoin supporters (for good reasons IMO). But eventually there will be many folks using Bitcoin without any ideological attachment to it, and they'll be lured by the appeal of interacting with agents endorsed by some other party. AFAIK Chromecast uses DLNA underneath (which is mostly RTSP + mDNS discovery?). Don't leave me hangin'! I got to "How do you build a VMM? (part 3)" and ... that's it? I feel like I need some kind of epilogue. You are absolutely correct. Revolution is strictly a brand name. 160mm and 0.28s is an incremental improvement over GE's CT750HD, albeit in two dimensions. I'm on the design team for this product. In the CT "super premium" market, the major players focused on different specs and tried to convince hospitals that the future of CT was in this direction (volume/slices/coverage, temporal resolution/cardiac, dose, new imaging/spectral, spatial resolution). Revolution CT is GE's attempt to deliver something that unifies on these goals and they hope to sweep this high end market. Interestingly enough with modern CTs you can get more than strictly density/attenuation. Though you're right that indeed these images are using some transform between what they think bone and vascular densities and their colors. Revolution indeed provides superior temporal resolution over its predecessor. Though arguably Siemens dual-tube, dual-detector design provides yet better still temporal resolution. Hour-long reconstruction times are very abnormal. GE sells a low-dose feature branded "Veo" that has ~30-minute reconstruction times. CT750HD spectral imaging (branded GSI) takes as long as 20-minutes. Revolution imaging takes on the order of minutes (2-3). Indeed the 3d post-processing takes time and probably includes many manual steps/tweaks. The dose is primarily a function of the power delivered to the X-Ray source, the size of the beam and the scan's duration. The big features of this device are coverage (160mm) and rotation speed ( mostly dose neutral). If you were imaging 160mm before you had to use multiple sequential scans, so the dose is not significantly different from that scenario. Revolution has similar or superior (meaning less) dose than GE's previous high end scanner. GE's high end scanners tend to offer better dose than the competition. Hmm, that's too bad. I could've sworn it had hit the 30-minute mark. There haven't been many refreshes so I don't know that it's been improved since the initial release. Well, IMO, after five or so minutes there's not a huge difference between 30 and 60. But it does depend a bit on how the imaging workflow goes (do you wait for those images before letting the patient leave?, e.g.). But you can get some pretty dramatic image quality or dose improvements from Veo, so maybe it's worth it. CTs are uncommon in family medicine offices. They'd need to forfeit square feet that could otherwise be used for several exam rooms. The offices that do have them probably opt for really low-end ones. So "never"? As an aside, I think GPs (General Practitioners) are probably phasing out a bit in favor of Physician Assistants and Nurse Practitioners. Though "Family Medicine" still employs lots of MDs. Great questions. I suspect many operational details were a factor in working with WKBH. Patient load, available space, willing to work with the GE team on issues. CCN [1] in Paris was another trial site. As of now, there's probably a couple dozen installed globally. Cardiac is one of the big growth areas for CT and Revolution is designed to get better temporal resolution. So absolutely angio imaging is a big part of the publicity. AFAIK there's no direct comparison with cath. But if the Revolution CT cardiac dose was better than the competition (I think it may be), chances are the team will update their dose comparisons between GEHC CT and cardiac cath. 1 - http://www.centre-imagerie-nord.com/ To be fair, while this product is a big improvement, I wouldn't distinguish between it and "traditional CT." It's just the latest evolution of CT (from one particular manufacturer). Radiation Dose for CT has been a big issue over the past decade. It continues to improve due to better algorithms and hardware changes. The big features here over GE's other CTs are the fact that it rotates faster and covers more anatomy in a single rotation. Neither of these has a significant impact on the dose. One of the dose oriented features of Revolution is called "ASiR-V" and GE claims that it "is designed to deliver reduced noise levels, improve low-contrast detectability and routinely reduce dose up to 82% for patients of all ages." In the US I think that they may be by prescription-only? Maybe not, worth a call to your local outpatient diagnostic imaging center. Don't call a hospital, they'll charge you too much. I'd guess you could get one from any-old-CT-scanner for something like $500 to $1000? Someone who just bought this Revolution scanner will probably charge much more. Apparently some people get charged upwards of 10k USD [1]! But honestly if you just want images of your guts you'd be fine with any old CT. Once you have the 2d axial images, you can probably find open source software that will do the 3d projection. 1 - http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/magazine/2012/07/that-ct-... Believe it or not, there is a mobile CT! It's on a semi truck, though. > xz + scp will still be faster than this That's not the case if the data you're sending is already compressed. But you're right that it's not a fair comparison. scp/ssh also has integrated compression with "-C". scp's beauty is in its ubiquity. That host over there that I want to copy to? I need no extra configuration there because sshd is already running. I agree that scp is dog slow and it can be pretty frustrating. As others have mentioned, cranking down the cipher provides a modest improvement. Ad-hoc netcat based solutions like this one are the way to go if you need throughput and not security. Agreed. But it's disappointing that Google doesn't feel the same responsibility that they think Microsoft has. Who's eligible for the class? Only employees of those corporations? Or the tech/engineering marketplace at large? The original e-ink Kindle had a real keyboard. It's a little less awkward than the e-ink Nook which used (uses?) a small LCD touchscreen keyboard. > What if you just shut down the computer Good idea. It's probably the safest/most paranoid to trigger an NMI or bus reset. Should be extremely low latency. 'shutdown -P now' is slow, maybe 'echo b > /proc/sysrq-trigger' is more effective. Trick is knowing when that sync is "really" done. Stanford. Indeed, this is centralization. But as others have mentioned, it's much more like "exchange your CPU time for equity in our security" than it is like "participate in our distributed, decentralized currency." No sustainable decentralized currency could use inputs like protein folding, SETI, etc. Counterparty is really innovative, and this is a great way to leverage it. Unfortunately, it's really easy to confuse with typical altcoins which really use miners. I think Storj may have some similarities. http://storj.io/ I use these units frequently when measuring quantities of bytes for which there's a significant difference between the power of ten and the corresponding power of two. I like that these units are unambiguous. From what I've seen, very few of my colleagues know about this distinction and understand how to use these. How does this compare with the ODROID-C1? http://www.hardkernel.com/main/products/prdt_info.php?g_code... IMO the pogoplug is really simple to reload with Arch Linux and it's super cheap. However, it's worth noting that it's really lacking in horsepower when compared with the Pi and other contemporary offerings. But for ~15 USD shipped, it's astonishingly affordable. http://archlinuxarm.org/platforms/armv5/pogoplug-series-4 I'm pretty surprised that you can't get some funding from Canonical, Redhat, Microsoft, SuSE, Linux Foundation, et al. Is there anyone on the team who could engage those organizations? Several linux distros have much of their customization features written in python. Microsoft seems to be trying VERY hard to change their course and attract more developers back to their platform(s). They're clearly willing to make strategic investments in open source projects. I've found that PyPy works wonders for the vast majority of python code I've thrown at it. In order to close remaining gaps, funding is key. That's great! > For machine monitoring Prometheus offers the Node exporter Is it possible for the frontend to utilize data from the cron-invoked sar/sadc that already covers much of this data? http://sebastien.godard.pagesperso-orange.fr/ It's probably hard to get a CE mark or FCC certification for a PCB-style product, right? Those organizations probably want to know about emissions but it doesn't make sense to measure a PCB for radiated emissions since it has so few protections against it. Arguably, that's your job -- when you buy the PCB you are planning to integrate it with an enclosure that will solve those problems and now that you've designed this new product you should get the certifications. Initially I'd have agreed, but it seems more subtle than that. Let's read from Verizon's "Postpay Device Unlocking Policy" > ... We do not lock our 4G LTE devices, and no code is needed to program them for use with another carrier. So I take this as "we don't have a subsidy lock that prevents you from moving this phone to another LTE vendor." Indeed, they clarify later: > “Unlocking” a device refers only to disabling software that would prevent a consumer from attempting to activate a device designed for one carrier’s network on another carrier’s network, even if that network is technologically compatible. But these phones do ship with signed bootloaders, and it doesn't sound like Verizon provides the mechanism to replace it. It doesn't sound like this re-legitimizes 3rd party businesses who offer unlocking services. TFA refers to FCC negotiations with carriers, and not the LoC changing policy. I'll wager that's the only thing that would let you install your own OS. I think shibboleth is a shibboleth. I feel similarly. I do think that there are some folks for whom this interface makes sense, though. Which tool(s) do you use for Glacier backups? bitcoin's not really that anonymous. Sure, the ledger doesn't contain identities, but it's not extremely difficult for the mapping between addresses and identities to "leak" and once they do, it's anything but anonymous. When I spend money with a vendor I often reveal my identity to them intentionally (so that they can ship me goods!). There's the join right there. You can argue that I shouldn't have sent money to this vendor but I think that eliminates an enormous existing use case for cryptocoins. > they are sending the smallest possible ethernet ethernet frame at 84 bytes It's impressive, but I can't see its application. Does that mean that it will scale well to many different types of traffic? Are there extremely low-latency applications that need these tiny frames and yet want to use 10GbE? > If you're using more realist payload (eg. larger packets) you should be able to scale it further. eg 40Gbit Yes, I would think so. I was able to saturate four 10GbE links simultaneously (using 9000 byte frames, among four separate CPU cores spanning two memory nodes). This was using ~2010 hardware using linux 2.6.27.