The article is looking at it all wrong. To solve a problem, start by looking at those that already solved it. Then, see if you can apply that. Mainframes have long had ridiculously high utilization and throughput. Secret is their I/O architecture: computing happens on compute nodes and I/O is managed by I/O processors, both of which are well-integrated. If Intel etc copy this, they'll get much higher utilization and throughput. Smart embedded engineers do the same thing albeit with microcontrollers. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I/O_channel A hardware engineer told me in discussions on chip subversion that BS like this is common in SOC's, too. He said they're so expensive to develop that vendors often include the functionality of all their chips in one design. Then, they flip a switch on the chip to enable or disable specific functionality. This means they all cost the same to make but they can give you specific features at specific prices. Hard disk makers do it too where you bought a "120GB" drive that uses same eg 1TB platter as the rest but firmware restricts user to 120GB. You can't be sure whats in it unless a company such as Chipworks tears it down piece by piece and wire by wire. Sneaky is the norm in hardware. The firmware on the device is a black box that controls a more complex black box in an undocumented way and where errors can break it. You don't JUST swap the firmware out. Even so, he may have meant it in the context of the onboard software and modifiable hardware (eg switch they flip at factory to permanently set behavior). Sometimes a hardware engineer will call both firmware speaking shorthand. If it was the latter, you're unlikely to change it because they blow a physical fuse (antifuse?) inside the chip. Some IP vendors are also offering encryption, tamper-sensing circuitry, and obfuscation to help chip-makers protect the systems better. They really want that extra few hundred dollars. ;) Yeah, that's what he said. So, that makes two of you saying this is industry standard for cost-cutting and increasing yield. I'd probably do the same if I made chips. We do it in security engineering for high assurance stuff for similar reasons: the more flexible, certified design can be reused in many applications with minimal extra work & (hopefully) max ROI. One thing that bothers me about the article is that it shows a recurring problem: IT not knowing what it knows. The NoSQL movement didn't notice that NonStop Architecture scaled linearly to thousands of cores with strong-consistency, five 9's, and SQL support. In the mid-80's. Instead of making a low-cost knockoff, like cluster movement did for NUMA's, they ditched consistency altogether and launched NoSQL movement. Now, I see man who invented CAP theorem discuss it while referencing all kinds of NoSQL options to show us the tradeoffs. Yet, there's Google services in production and tech such as FoundationDB doing strong consistency with distributed, high throughput and availability. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/11/22/foundationdb_fear_of... So, why aren't such techs mentioned in these discussions? I liked his explanation of the partitioning problem. Yet, he and NoSQL advocates seem unaware that numerous companies surmounted much of the problem with good design. We might turn CAP theorem into barely an issue if we can get the industry to put the amount of innovation into non-traditional, strong-consistency architectures as they did into weak-consistency architectures. There is hope: Google went from a famous, NoSQL player to inventing an amazing, strong-consistency RDBMS (F1). Let's hope more follow. https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.c... Good thinking, you two! The link shows that the black magic (spindle control, etc) is in a dedicated chip controlled by another chip. The "black box" controlling the "black box." I thought they'd be on the same chip and software package. That would increase risk. I didn't anticipate them putting it on a dedicated chip. It makes sense along some lines. So, that counts out at least one HD vendor from my claim. More could follow if they do something similar. Thanks for the article, too, as I enjoyed reading it. Yeah we do. My only guess is it's two things: (a) our industry is horrendous at communicating previous generation's wisdom in a usable way; (b) a social phenomenon. Quick example of the first are industry pro's locking up their good advice in obscure, expensive books and cutting edge research silo'd into ACM, IEEE, etc. The other is a social thing that leads to the "network" effect. People flock to something for whatever reason. This builds a community (or network) that entices others to join. That also tend to forget about other things and reinvent the wheel. Example: much of current work in Web applications aims to solve problems already solved in client-server apps with better efficiency, security, reliability, and portability. Even Facebook went back to that model for mobile IIRC. Good luck convincing most Web technologists to switch to client-server, though. Whoever solves both these problems will create ripple effects that grow innovation at a heightened, maybe exponentially better, pace. The reason will be a combination of avoiding wasted effort plus visibility into best efforts. I got ideas on Problem 1 but the best minds need to get on Problem 2: it's a gold mine if it's solved. I've edited my comment to give him that credit. I understand the CAP theorem applies to many things. The reason I tied NoSQL in is that it's often cited as the reason people traded away strong consistency. Yet, there were strongly-consistent setups with the desirable properties in production and in academia. He and others rarely mention them in such discussions. It's why I tied them together. True. I always expect this. Yet, Google doesn't fit that profile because they weren't just buying something that works: they were investing countless sums into geniuses and their projects trying to invent new things. It's at that point I expect companies to learn from the past and do better. In startup mode, I expect companies to do whatever works. Google's initial decisions were correct. Later, they dedicated expensive teams to inventing brand new solutions for about every aspect of their operation. That's when my critique apples. For instance, they might have looked at expensive NonStop, identified what they could copy with COTS tech, and made a cheap knockoff. They could've done the same with prior MPP or cluster tech which already scaled to thousands of nodes with open source management tools and microsecond latency. Much more efficient than web stacks, too. The one example I saw of them copying and improving past methods was Google File System. As I predicted, that good choice laid foundation for awesome stuff such as BigTable, Spanner, and F1. NoSQL movement's origins are highly debatable. Here's what I saw in its beginning: an explosion of articles on the subject after a few success stories about big companies doing massive scale on cheap servers. Zealots argued that mature, strong-consistency solutions had problems. So, instead of fixing those, we should just ditch them and strong consistency for The New, Great Thing. The only time I even saw a real analysis of cost-benefits was a few articles which focused on a narrow class of applications where data consistency didn't really matter. So, my conclusion was that the movement was two things: 95% a social phenomenon that happens with each IT fad; 5% a result of weaknesses of relational model and tools. That last part makes sense and is why I've always opposed RDBMS's. On your last point, do you have a citation that shows weak consistency databases offer enough integrity for "majority of use-cases?" I thought the majority of use cases for databases were protecting data that's important to a business: orders, billing, HR, inventory, customer information, and so on. I usually just tell them to use PostgresSQL and that covers it with high reliability. If you really can back your claim, though, I'll be glad to start transitioning my R&D toward designs that trade against integrity of data. Fighting the laws of physics is a great comparison. Every chip designer trying to create the illusion of a sequential (or multicore) machine with a specific memory model fights the laws of physics. So do people building bridges, designing planes, and trying to maintain space stations. The greatest weapon we have after human ingenuity is using good engineering principles built on what we've tried and learned. So, back to this current example. Synchronizing time was a huge problem for consistency. They had expensive, highly-custom datacenters throughout the world. Yet, there wasn't even a solution worth buying that wouldn't cost a fortune or need new infrastructure. An engineer noticed that a time-source existed which all datacenters could sync with using affordable, COTS equipment. One among others. So, they used that to solve the critical problem, solved other problems with other technologies, and integrated the resulting components into a solution to their real problem (F1). What I've just described is not a hack: it's Engineering 101. Identify the problem(s), look for known solutions to it, adapt them to your needs, and deliver the solution. Their use of GPS to solve a problem that otherwise would cost millions of dollars to solve is exemplary engineering. Given datacenter costs, using this at each one would barely be a blip on the budget sheet and will get easier to deploy as adoption increases (network effect). Software is their main skill. Yet, Google and Facebook have both been doing custom hardware for datacenters for years now. They're also funding academic R&D on chip design and such. Such companies needs also created an ecosystem offering things OpenFlow switches that are custom hardware implementations of radically different software. Intel and AMD are also both doing custom work for unnamed, datacenter companies. It's hearsay but I'd expect top players to be involved. So, they're already all well into the hardware business. The simple route, as I indicated, would be to copy, contract, or even buy a MPP vendor. In academia, MIT Alewife showed one custom chip was all that was necessary to build a NUMA-style, 512 node machine with COTS hardware. Existing, shared-nothing clusters already scaled higher than Google using custom chips for interconnect. One can buy cards or license the I.P for FPGAs, Structured-ASIC's, etc. Much software for compute and management was open source thanks to groups such as Sandia. And so on. Plenty to build on that's largely been ignored except in academia. Instead, they've largely invested in developing hardware and software to better support the inherently-inefficient, legacy software. So, they're doing the hardware stuff but just not imitating the best-of-breed solutions of the past or present. The only exception is OpenFlow: a great alternative to standard Internet tech that major players funded in academia and are putting in datacenters. Another success story is Microsoft testing a mid-90's approach of partitioning workloads between CPU's and FPGA's. So, they're... slowly... learning. Thanks for that awesome article! Interestingly, he used the same example I've been using in INFOSEC discussions online: Burroughs B5000. It was simply brilliant and still better at the core than anything I use today. Let me explain. There have been countless reliability and security problems that occur due to buffer, pointer, data becomes code, and interface errors. These are about 99% of worst problems. They happen because underlying Intel/IBM/RISC architecture treats all data the same... mostly. Plus, the systems languages (C/C++) are fundamentally broken far as preventing errors. The Burroughs team saw this [in 1961] and solved the problems at their source: CPU protection of pointers; CPU could tell code & data apart for security purposes; hardware-managed stack; CPU bounds-checked arrays; high-level language (Algol) for system code; interface types checked at compile & function-call time; hardware & software isolation of apps from OS. Good luck crashing or hacking that! So, I've read thousands of hardware, firmware, and software solutions to these problems. Yet, very few will straight up fix the problem at its source. That's despite the existence of a proven solution since 1961 that costs a mere two bits of tagging. I'll give up a single-digit percentage of memory with single-digit performance hit to stop 99% of attacks. I'll do it today. Yet, industry's latest solutions are detecting this little tactic, hardware extensions for that, and no solution to the actual problem. The failure of modern industry to do what Burrough's did, fix the underlying problem, is the source of most of our IT headaches. Aside from social reasons, backward compatibility with legacy is a big contributor. It's why heuristic-driven, software transformation systems such as Semantic Design's toolkit or Racket need a huge boost in R&D. Such tech is seeming like our only hope to getting legacy software onto better underlying platforms as nobody will pay for a human to understand and rewrite each codebase line for line, bug for bug. For (a), it's hard to say where the problem is: is it developers of new solutions who threw the baby out with the bathwater instead of fixing problems of proven methods? Or is it with demand side that's quick to jump on those new thing? Or is it demand side in the sense that they rarely fund solutions to problems with their almost-good-enough software? Hard for me to say. Interesting article. So, more confirmation C++ is inferior for writing predictable or high performance applications. I actually see an opportunity for a C-compatible or C-competitive systems language here to beat C++ at its own game. Zero-cost abstractions plus solving C++'s specific problems, painless C FFI, and compilation to C (or LLVM) to leverage their compilers. Might make a nice combo. I doubt we'll see much takeup, though, as the technical merits rarely dictate that. On a related note, I'd like to see the results of it being coded in a modern Ada or SPARK with one of the best compilers. I'd be interested in seeing it with full runtime checks on and off with conservative optimization. ZeroMQ with strong implementation assurance could lay the foundation for all kinds of secure networking and middleware schemes. Heck, I'd like to see a team formally verify a version of it with an executable for common architectures. I'd have fun with that. :) Consider using something such as SoftBound that transforms your code into one that defends itself against most memory attacks. There's a significant performance hit but immunity by design is better than hunting for every bug. Still try to code well, anyway, as the tools are usually limited to select platforms and you might want more portability. http://www.cis.upenn.edu/acg/softbound/ That last part is enough to ditch them unless you were fighting with them in IRC. Were you? Your claims ring true for vast majority of new, COMSEC schemes. Far as Tox, this is what I found on their GitHub page: "Current build status: build failing." I'll add that NSA and malware authors have 0-days on the platforms the tool will likely run on. It will be bypassed like all others on such platforms. Appreciate the tip. The Snowden leaks appear to support that GPG is so robust that even NSA analysts use it. So, a project using IM over it is playing it extra smart (albeit clunky). Turns out it's still active: http://ayttm.sourceforge.net/features.php That's certainly a selling point. The problem: newer and hand-rolled stuff always has serious problems. Many continue to have serious problems over time. I'd be interested in seeing software that solved those problems while leveraging proven protocols, clients, etc. Might just be a plugin to several popular IM clients. Yeah, that's quite questionable. They need to be able to handle and defend criticism better if they want to make it in INFOSEC. Especially if they ever get press like Cryptocat or Diaspora did. Currently, Go makes some decisions that hurt it for high performance systems, bare metal, and so on. Rust barely survived some beginner OS projects without its bloat and performance problems showing up. Once comparison I read showed Rust's compiler caught many bugs that slipped through Go's due to Rust design choices. I'm pulling for Rust in particular because its team made clever, design choices for their safety-vs-performance&control tradeoffs. Yet, right now, both are inferior to C, C++, Ada, the old Modulas, and even Fortran for bare metal applications. So, it's not a dream so much as me wanting to see an excellent middleware implemented in a language proven for decades to do what the two you referenced hope to do someday. Using proven methods, even if ugly or unpopular, is just what engineers do when solving new problems. I'd happily use the same thing built in Rust (not Go as it's less safe) if they can get it more compact and fast. Meanwhile, I have to use C++ and C implementations because that's what's available. My quick perusal of online links show that Objective-C is slower than C++, maybe due to its dynamic typing. It has the C compatibility and basic OOP. Yet, my idea was a language like this which is faster than C++. Maybe a statically typed version of Objective-C would do? It was an interesting and different kind of article. I particularly loved his attack on companies' claims to democratize some function. I know there's two meanings to the word but we're better off using (verbally and as consumers) the more important one. They're just cheapening the concept for profit. The other thing I liked was how the author took ownership of the situation while expecting less at the same time. I had this experience using little-known and semi-custom OS's for high security setups. The secure system lacked access to so much stuff. Yet, it had enough stuff on it to be useful and content-proxies were easy enough to build. I occasionally wanted a certain program, Youtube video, or whatever. Yet, my system did exactly what I designed it to do, nothing more and nothing less. And, like the author, I was happy with it rather than disappointed. It's a strange, good feeling which I'm not sure most people experience while using their computers. Of course, with KVM switch, I could always go right back to a full Windows/Linux system if I couldn't resist the urge or needed to do something modern. We can have the best of both worlds. Great point. It's also worth remembering that optimizations such as floating point at O3 will trade away accuracy for speed. C compilers are willing to give you... the wrong result... but faster than ever! Undefined behavior is another fun line of inquiry. Best to learn about the dark corners and avoid them where possible. I agree with kazinator: the title doesn't reflect the work. I bet I got something that does: Write Great Code [1]. Hyde helps a programmer understand how the compiler converts most imperative language features to assembler if it's doing it in a direct, lightly optimized way. It often gives C code next to assembler code along with optimizations you can do in assembler but not C. He also wisely created a High Level Assembler that embeds 3GL-style constructs and libraries in assembler code to help beginners learn it piece by piece instead of all at once. Enjoy! [1] http://www.plantation-productions.com/Webster/www.writegreat... If I was going academic and imperative language, I'd suggest this old paper written by The King of Simple Languages and Compilers: http://www.ethoberon.ethz.ch/WirthPubl/CBEAll.pdf I saw it a while back and thought "another toy language that won't deliver." Reading the FAQ, the author quoted as inspiration every alternative language I mentioned in this thread lol. He's done his homework. And the features and compatibility have gotten quite impressive since first release... likely due to him using it to build itself (productivity advantage). And under a MIT license. I appreciate you bringing it back to my attention. It's worth someone evaluating thoroughly against C and C++ for systems programming (incl OS) in terms of performance and maintenance. Not sure if I can squeeze time in but I'll suggest that to others at least. I would reply to that but it's easy to misinterpret a statement like that. What do you mean by that? My original source was wrong. Thanks for the correction you two! Ahh. Yeah that makes plenty of sense lol. I agree for many pop songs. You're right about the equality aspect of things getting cheaper. We discussed this on Schneier's blog. It's compatible with "make accessible to everyone" definition. I think, playing devil's advocate, my counter was that we often don't get the same thing because we lack the quality, support, or privacy of prior, paid solutions. My Gmail, Dropbox, and so on are selling me out. My MyKolab and secure hosting solution cost a bit more with totally different effect. I think the "features" are getting democratized by most of these companies but other critical aspects don't. They don't either because they cost too much to implement or too much profit will be lost by opportunities to sell users out. So, as part of it gets democratized, a serious loss happens as either a tradeoff or straight subversion. The original it isn't democratized: only a watered-down, less trustworthy version which may or may not be a good deal. More good ones all the time, at least. :) Thoughts? Always good to hear both sides. I reserve judgment until I do. In this case, I'm just going to say "Ok" and be neutral. I like the line you added at the end: quite fair. I appreciate the detailed reply. It seems like it's not a fit for my zero-overhead strategy but an interesting alternative to C++ for app development. Going from what people on different projects and forums said when I was Googling it. I could assess its current state better with a few questions. Can it run in kernel mode on bare metal? Can it run without a sizeable runtime? Are its core abstractions for common uses (arrays, strings, etc) at C++ performance at least? Are basic, demo algorithms small enough as object code to fit into a L1 cache? These would be a nice start on assessing it as a true C++ alternative for varieties of systems programming. Come to think of it, I might also look to see if any C++ developers in high-end gaming have tried it. They're so tight on efficiency (and skilled at getting it) that might tell me plenty. There's no shortage of people taking a stab at language design and even resources to pull it off. The post was intended to provide a simple route for making (a) a better C++ or (b) a ZeroMQ variant with improved robustness & maintenance. Just inspiration and stuff to think about. If I had a budget, a few companies that can get the job done would already have the contract. My formal logic was never great. Years since I did one of these. My first try was 8, then 8+green. Probably need to brush up on my formal logic. Especially since I've been trying (painfully) to read formal verification papers. It was. It's since been used by all sorts of groups and open sourced. One of the few, good things that come from NSA's Information Assurance Directorate. Btw, below is a better link that isn't sideways and full of NSA's crap. http://cryptol.net/files/empowering_the_experts.pdf It's another amazing piece of work largely developed by Galois Inc: a company that invents and develops great stuff on a regular basis. One of the few doing high assurance. Their blog [1] is a gold mine of their interesting work and tips. Two other works HN readers might like are Copilot [2] and Ivory [3]. Copilot is a DSL for distributed monitors and real-time systems. The result is QuickCheck'd, model-checked, hard, real-time C. Ivory is a DSL that embeds a subset of C into Haskell to leverage its power and increase safety. It was used in the SMACCMPilot UAV program [4], which is open source. [1] https://galois.com/blog/ [2] http://leepike.github.io/Copilot/ [3] http://ivorylang.org/ivory-introduction.html [4] https://galois.com/blog/2013/10/smaccmpilot-open-source-auto... This article does plenty right but gets a few things wrong. Overlooks a few others. I'm going to hit on a few of these in order I see them. "Avoid cipher cascades." I've pushed and successfully used cascades in highly assured work for years. Cryptographers talk down about it but "meet in the middle" is best attack they can cite. So, they're full of it & anyone who cascaded might have avoided many algorithm/mode breaks. My polymorphic cipher works as follows: three strong algorithms applied out of almost 10 potentials; algorithms are randomly selected with exception that each pass is a new algorithm; separate keys; separate, initial, counter values; process driven by a large, shared secret. Breaking it without the secret requires breaking all three and no cryptographer has proven otherwise despite massive speculation. I'll briefly mention scrypt because it's ironically great advice. I asked cryptographers for over a decade to deliver a slow-by-design hash function that couldn't be sped up. They, for years on end, criticized me (see Schneier's blog comments) saying it was foolish and we just need to iterate a fast one. I expected problems and hackers delivered them. I had to homebrew a cryptosystem that input a regular HMAC scheme into another scheme: (a) generated a large, random array in memory, (b) did impossible to speed up operations on random parts of it, (c) iterated that excessively, and (d) finished with a proper HMAC. Array size always higher than GPU or FPGA onboard memory in case opponents used them. Eventually in a discussion, a Schneier commenter told me about scrypt and I finally got to ditch the inefficient homebrew. A true outlier in the crypto field. Avoid RSA: bad advice for commercial if NSA is opponent. All his risks are true. NaCl is great and my default recommendation. Yet, he doesn't mention that NSA has another reason for pushing ECC: they own 26 patents on it that they license conditionally on the implementation details along with ability to restrict export. We know what NSA's goal for crypto is and therefore I avoid ECC commercially like the plague. I just used RSA implementations and constructions pre-made by experts with review by experts. Esp GPG, as NSA haven't even broken it. They use it internally, actually. For asymmetric signatures, see above. All points apply. I'll just add that, for post-quantum, there's been tremendous process in Merkle signatures with things such as unlimited signatures. Their security just depends on a hash function, there's no known quantum attacks on them, and they're doing pretty good against classical attacks, too. So, I'm following and doing private R&D on standardizing Merkle signatures plus hardware to accelerate it on either end. He says use OpenSSL and avoid MatrixSSL, PolarSSL, etc. He said some vague stuff about their quality. Problem: anyone following the git comments of OpenBSD team that tore through OpenSSL knows that IT WAS S *. It was about the worst quality code they've run into with so much complexity and potential to be exploited that the NSA would be proud of it. I'd be surprised if Matrix, Polar, etc are worse and less structured than that. If OpenSSL is really the best, then we're in a bad situation and need to fund a clean-slate design by experts like Galois and Altran-Praxis. Although I'm focused on problematic points, his last piece of advice deserves special mention: use TLS. These protocols have proven difficult to implement properly. TLS and their ilk have had many problems along with massive effort to smash them. Against that backdrop, it's actually done pretty well and using it like he suggests is best option for COTS security. Medium to high assurance systems can always use variants custom-designed for that level. Most don't need that, though. Remember that BASIC, Pascal, Modula, Oberon, Ada, and LISP were used in the past for OS's and system software on machines with almost no hardware by today's standards. Ada, Java subsets, and Astrobe's Oberon are still used in embedded systems today. What makes today's software bloated is the crud built-up over time, standardization, security, reliability, a trend toward easier maintenance/productivity over raw speed, and so on. Here's [1] a simple program that got trimmed down to mere bytes. You can see how much overhead the aforementioned items add to C code which, by itself, produces very efficient assembler. For people wanting a middle ground, there are High Level Assemblers such as Hyde's HLA [2] and I've speculated we could do something similar with LLVM's bytecode. [1] http://www.muppetlabs.com/~breadbox/software/tiny/teensy.htm... [2] http://www.plantation-productions.com/Webster/HighLevelAsm/H... I had a friend named "tommy" that hated bloated software. He followed guides like this [1] to experimentally delete files off his box. Backup, delete stuff, see if everything works. If works, new incremental backup and repeat. If not, restore and make note to keep that. The result over a few years: a WinXP install with Firefox, AV, Office Suite, etc that backed up fully on a 650MB CD. Mindboggling. Note: It was a blessing and a curse. He was a Windows XP holdover despite security issues and his preference for security. He wouldn't transition. The reason? He invested too much time into his XP box to give it up. Plus, looking at the Win7 default install, he figured it would be less fun next time. QNX is an excellent example of OS design: minimal TCB, efficient, self-healing to a degree, and supports popular runtimes/libraries. You don't need to imagine what a consumer version is like: Google a Blackberry Playbook demo to see its power. To be accurate, that OS is a combo of QNX and Blackberry addon's. Most couldn't run Internet and two games at once without lag. ;) Good point. Most of these projects that are silo'd die or get gobbled up over time. SkyOS comes to mind. Better to invest time or energy into community-driven, alternatives. It appears good on the surface but it's way out of touch with reality. It's actually insulting, too, as it shifts blame from those controlling the situation to those executing their will within their constraints. Reality: There were attempts repeatedly to do what's truly good for customers from business models to language designs to superior hardware to privacy-preserving technologies. Those companies almost all went bankrupt, got acquired as profit declined, or cancelled those product lines with huge loss ($1+ billion for Intel's BiiN and i432 APX). The reason: the market almost always chooses against sacrificing features, time to market, or profit for quality and security. Making it more expensive, slower, less flexible, or less backward compatible for the users own good will get you shunned by consumers or fired by management. Lack of demand is so strong and pervasive, I left the high assurance industry except for private R&D and contracts. I just publish stuff online for free now to help the few that care. On the other end, the users indeed don't understand the tech or trust boundaries. What the author missed is THEY... DO... NOT... TRY. Very important. We as a society treat certain things as responsible behavior, mandatory education, or mandatory evaluation. Understanding the tech's properties and risks? Not so much. Further, users as a whole are in favor of buggy systems/services that are cheap, free, or used by many friends. They're also happy to give away personal information and control for almost nothing in return (eg Farmville). And they outcast, demean, and underpay the people that build all this for them. Software engineer's habits and existing products/services are a result of their environment. So, I've always seen the exact opposite: people as a whole and the marketplace need to act responsibly about technology. That will take a learning experience that combines (a) their efforts to learn along with weighing tradeoffs and (b) our best efforts to convert the technical things into layperson level. Metaphors will help as I illustrated [1] for Facebook's risk. Further, people need to understand that they get what they pay for, that their decisions create long-term effects on them, and that they might need to invest in ethical/private/quality alternatives to existing services. Fortunately, there's always a niche of those customers to serve for developers that care. Hard to get a job, though, since there's so few customers and so little money in it. Doing the right thing professionally and in mainstream IT is an approach for those seeking to draw unemployment. Certainly little things you can do within constraints you are given. It's just that you're effectively working in a straight-jacket trying to help people ordering you to harm them. Most of the time, anyway. [1] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/04/ephemeral_app... I appreciate you clarifying on that. Nice thinking but I'm not sure it's a great idea. The reason, which I warned tommy, was that there's plenty of code in there for significant situations that are uncommon or even rare. You'd have to pick out about every way you'd configure, run, maintain, and so on a binary program to exercise all its relevant functionality. You'd also have to hit it with various errors to be sure they're within the same libraries. Otherwise, you're risking leaving out something critical and it will be hard to figure out by the time trimming is done. For this reason, I thought about using Windows Embedded as it has configuration tools to strip out most unnecessary things while being compatible with whatever you want. That plus stripping guides. Alternatively, stick with tommy's stripping-style method. Either way, you eventually have a set of files you turn into an image with proprietary or open tools along with configuration scripts to make it unique. That has many advantages in addition to size in terms of administration, backup, and even security. It's an overly simple method but a good start. Will work if the dependencies are static and load at runtime. I don't know enough about the tool to say if it works for more dynamic applications. Getting parsing done correctly and efficiently is a requirement that pops up over and over. More work in the field is always good. Interesting paper, although I haven't heard of the parsers. I usually hear about yacc, GOLD parsing system, and so on. Like to see comparisons with most common ones for probable use cases in terms of productivity, safety, and performance. Far as next project, Leroy's people at INRIA did excellent work in verified, LR parsers [1]. I'm not sure that anyone is building on it at the moment. Implementing that in or integrating with Rust might make for one heck of a parsing system. So long as correspondence was proven, it would be the safest one in a systems language. [1] http://gallium.inria.fr/~fpottier/publis/jourdan-leroy-potti... I've enjoyed reading on Adapteva's work not only for their processor specs but the sheer impressiveness of them iterating so many designs with so little money vs most ASIC vendors. This is definitely not a supercomputer (buzzword alert!) but is a good distributed computing idea. I could see their stuff getting crammed into compute nodes in clusters, too. Basically, a narrow set of applications that leverage these sorts of chips best and are easily distributed can benefit from this setup. It will probably have more raw performance per watt than most @home setups. Yet, I'd guess lower potential in number of nodes given fewer Parallella users on the market. I hope they benchmark it with many, realistic software that can be compared to other parallel computing methods. This would give us useful information on whether to use something similar for a local site or another @home, non-profit effort. wvenable's idea is good but a cheat. You referenced Wirth, who simplified assembly (eg P-code). Do something similar: extend BF with a macro language that simplifies it, build macros for BF-like programming constructs, use them to simplify programming the interpreter/compiler, and then host with that. If you want to do real BF, the very act of implementing those macros might help you mentally understand how to... one piece at a time lol... implement the real thing in vanilla BF. Which you can hand-implement in machine code if you want. Choose your level of masochism carefully. :)