x86 branch predictors are not 60% correct... Any decent branch predictor is over 90% correct and I believe modern ones are over 96% correct. Where's the source? It's not that I don't trust unsourced quotes from boingboing, but I don't trust unsourced quotes from boingboing. Garbage collection isn't a very good solution. They're often implemented poorly (the only good one being Go's) and they're slow. Garbage collection also necessitates a runtime environment to keep track of the data. What is not smart about smart pointers? std::shared_pointer implements reference counting just as OP describes. Yeah I'm also considering shorting this as well. Having worked at a company that ate Atlassian software day and night, every single piece of software they have in their portfolio is a complete ugly mess. For every piece of software they have there's a better alternative that is cheap or free. I hate Jira completely. It is terrible. Best system I've seen is Pivotal Tracker. Oh thanks for that. I can now pass the test with 10/10 correctness. There's a noticeably louder noise floor in the 8bit sample that is really clear between the samples. It may help that I'm using over-ear closed headphones that have a really good seal and block most outside noise. Pachi isn't in the same league as AlphaGo. Pachi can't win at all against AlphaGo without handicap. With a 4 stone handicap Pachi only wins 1% of the time against AlphaGo. From the paper, no that's with "single machine AlphaGo" which is 48 CPUs and 8 GPUs. Distributed AlphaGo beats Single Machine AlphaGo 77% of the time. (Distributed AlphaGo being 1202 CPUs and 176 GPUs.) Yes. Many of these questions have been explored in AI fiction for many decades. Even right down to the titles, like the book "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep" which became "Blade Runner" for the movie version. Or "I, Robot" by Isacc Asimov. > Butter contains 3 % trans fats. _No_ it does not. Trans fats are a completely artificial creation originally thought to avoid weight gain because it's specifically _not_ butter. They don't exist naturally in any butter. The US government has basically declared "HTTPS/TLS Interception Considered Harmful". This is going to be interesting as all the major security load blanacer/appliances out there offer this as a standard service at this point. 1. Snooping on their internet banking is ILLEGAL for you to do and puts YOU in hot water. You realize you could be put out of business by lawsuits right? My main beef is if I try to look up any old movie ever, It's almost guaranteed to not be on Netflix. It's the first place I try and it fails every time. This is just price controls and fails for every other reason that price controls fails elsewhere. It puts the cost of drugs well above the market rate for such drugs in that country and opens the door for local producers to simply undercut. The long term effect of is this is that US sellers will essentially become galapagos companies that only sell to the US and you effectively create two markets. The end state is exactly where we're at now but only with the US bearing even more of the cost. Yes, the notable one I know of ULA (United Launch Alliance) doing a bunch of volunteered lay offs where they went around asking their old timers to see if they would be willing to go into retirement. I disagree. As a new coder when looking at a new language you don't know what's the same as what you're used to and what's different. Some things may be almost exactly the same but be slightly different. For example Python's division converts ints to floats in Python 3, for example. If you just leave out everything that's the same, the reader won't know what it's the same as. Also, the same compared to what? C? Everyone's first language is not the same. Most people I've met who work in security at large companies would rather lose their job than participate in the erasure of security for all. Apple showed this pretty obviously, but I think many companies would have most of their software engineers quit before accepting such a request, even if it was a direct order. The government cannot order you personally to write software, that's blatant first amendment violations, even if they figure out a way to order a company to do so. When politicians see one of their largest corporations disappearing over night, and the associated loss of world power and tax revenue, from engineers quitting vs a police force trying to force things like this... I think there will be some reconsidering that would happen. Oh please, can you even look at what you're saying? Please look at some numbers before stating such ridiculous things. > They're position seems to be that anything outside of your brain (5th amendment and all) should be available with a court order in a reasonable time and at reasonable cost. I'm looking forward to the first court cases that deal with somebody who implanted a memory chip into their body and are storing information in it (only accessible through a wirelessly sent password) that the court wants to access. Could the court order surgery to remove it. If enough of the core developers quit that puts a pretty huge dent in the company. Please illuminate me then. What is wrong with looking at pure causes of death? They bash it exactly because they don't understand it and they listen to whatever they read on Facebook that tells them why it is evil. Basic Economics education outside of University and even within University is strongly lacking in this country. We need mandatory personal finance/macro economics courses as part of high school. You should check out T-Mobile. They have free video streaming if you enable it, but it forcibly downgrades the video streams to no higher than 720p. That still sounds like much better than you have however. I just have to laugh at this title. It's delusional. Looks like Google is trying marketing spin to make what it does sound less evil. Honestly, what's the alternative to Agile? Waterfall? Hell no. Match is live here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-HL5nppBnM I wish they would not keep panning the camera away from the explanation though. Google hired some pretty piss poor horrible camera operators. It really really sucks. This circles back to that Governments making rules will always find those who find ways to work around them. How about we try making rules that even if worked around, don't harm others? At this point it's not too much harder than opening a bank account. Agreed. Impossible to read, horrible broken UI (pagination, really?). Fonts too large. Too much white space. That's also exactly what I don't want. It's more paperwork than code in such places all full of rigorous validation. These 100k year plans are beyond absurd. It's based on the flawed hypothesis that the radiation has to be below detectable levels compared to background before it's considered "safe", where in reality "safe" is a statistical property that can be reached in under 1000 years and perhaps even 100 years. Scrolling is fine for me. Chrome on a Mac. If having Uber in my career profile makes me look bad to a prospective company then I don't want to work at that company. If the company policy I'm applying to is so toxic that they feel the need to purge people for minor things then I would never want to work there. What company is that so I know to avoid it? Sounds like you should get out of there. Except this isn't a leak. This is publicly searchable information. I don't know why people are blowing this out of proportion. "Space" is just a shortening of "outer space" in this case. This is opposed to the "inner space", namely the space within Earth's atmosphere. Everything outside of that is "outer space". We used triple-junction solar cells on our satellite. If I remember right the cells ran somewhere around $100-$200 per square inch. I don't remember the efficiency, but they were left-over dumped cells that were donated to us by some group at NASA because they "expired" (they're kept under a nitrogen purge because they oxidize slowly and these had a leak, if memory serves, still worked great though) and a few were broken as they are more fragile than glass and are about as thin as a sheet of paper. They glow bright red when you forward bias them which you can use to visually detect dead portions of the cell/damage. So how was your company okay with you uploading the company code to Kite's servers? It's a great way to save money. I'd probably almost double my take-home amount (after taxes and food) if I could skip rent in the south bay area. So many people in this thread complaining about coinbase when I've had no issues with them. You people complaining about coinbase must have not been around when Mt.Gox was the only option. If you want to talk about lack of support... Now that's lack of support. You're getting a lot of naysayers here who take one experience and extrapolate it to mean everyone. There are a lot of Tesla drivers out there who use it every day to and from work. I suggest you try using and evaluating the system yourself. Can't believe this is the highest voted answer. It is entirely NOT the reason why they are successful. Please learn some basic business knowledge before you open your mouth next time. Go read the article for one. Yep, everyone I knew growing up and my everyone in my extended family doesn't like unions, especially those who were forced to join unions. Children all over the world still do. The families would die if they did not. This is why many farming families have large numbers of children, labor (that gets paid in food and family love). I laugh when people propose this. I moved to Silicon Valley from across the country because there are good opportunities to learn from companies here. If I'm forced into a union my company will shortly be going under so I'll just find a new job. Silicon Valley workers are already the most overpaid workers in the entire country. A similar job elsewhere pays 50%-75% what I make here. If you try to unionize to force wages higher, all this does is causes the exodus of companies from Silicon Valley even faster. If you don't like your job then switch it, there's plenty of software companies that don't do that. Generally I've seen that the more bleeding edge you're working on then the more overwork you get. If you want to sacrifice working on the bleeding edge for a steady pay and steady working hours you can have that all across the country.