Still not good enough to compile most of their "open source" projects. Windows had it first and then it was added to Linux (at least that's what I'm told). The reason this isn't a mistake is that most desktop apps (unlike mobile apps) are open source and community maintained. Command line apps work pretty well on android, I use them every day. They're in the process of rewriting the DOM handler to support dynamic changes from JavaScript. JavaScript itself runs well. Maybe it would be better to just specify the length of the source file in bytes, so we don't have these weird arguments about line length. Have you ever tried hacking on any of Google's "open source" projects? Android is ~100GB just to download for example, but I think chromium is smaller. Critical systems should be open source by law. Any android ROM is still primarily built for consumption at the end of the day. The good news is that FB has behaved so poorly that almost no one I know uses it or trusts it any more, so we know that in the long run at least this kind of behavior doesn't work. There have been others, at least one last year. I don't know why they say this is the first. After Toyota I don't think I would trust a closed source self driving car. Having ability is not the same as having incentive. And in this case having ability doesn't just mean "showing that it works" like most people seem to think. You can supposedly do Google docs style colaboritive editing with it (and the plugin supports Emacs and atom too). It's a storage api not a spreadsheet api. Dropbox itself can't do that, but it can get you the data and you can use an xls library or program to edit them. As if building android didn't need more bizarre dependencies setup. And how exactly do you build your projects? Msbuild? That's a 2 (4?) GB download. For a long time I only downloaded open source apks. They're easier to find and there's a good chance they're safe. It depends. Older style controls yes, but it wouldn't be hard to use encrypted digital control signals and make that impossible. Android would be a much more interesting is if the source for everything was included and could be compiled on the phone. Satilite ISPs actually do this. The one I had when I lived with my parents gave us 18 GB a month with unlimited downloads between midnight and 5:00 am. Since I ran Linux I'd just throw my heavy downloads in crontab and go to bed and have my big shiny package the next morning. Dealing with the play store can be a bit of a pain. The UI really isn't that great and the downloads are sometimes very slow. So it's honestly just a whole lot easier to side load sometimes. Dealing with the play store can be a bit of a pain. The UI really isn't that great and the downloads are sometimes very slow. So it's honestly just a whole lot easier to side load sometimes. On Linux you're allowed to mmap gpio as well if I'm not mistaken. Actually, that looks like it's not run by github at all (github allows it's users to host static pages). Someone else made that and is hosting via github.io and then a 3rd person found this page and linked it using the JavaScript page. Honestly, Gopher is clean and pleasant. I'd imagine one of the problems with that is most researchers must sell the rights to their research to journal publishers. .com and .net are pretty similar if I understand correctly. They do with shell scripts (although there's a way to turn it off). I had a Mac before the iPhone came out but after Lion I switched to Linux. RSA is pretty short (just modular exponentiation). The problem is all the stuff that goes around it: key generation, padding etc. git, tar, make, and gcc (or clang/llvm) Probably still work. That's hilarious. I did this years ago and haven't looked back. You can compile the gimp. Sounds like a furry orgie. The best part about android is that all the important apps are tied together and have to be updated at once. It seems like it really wouldn't be hard to write an MMS worm that stuck around for a while. Qualcomm SOC abandon all hope! Captcha'd downloads are the worst: no restarting, no automation, no direct linking. Preemptive killing like that is murder. It's nice to be able to run go and vim on my phone when I want to. How on earth is that better then a raspberry pi? The math will be a prerequisite so the university will handle making sure he has taken a high enough math. Honestly the hard part about college courses is motivation to study and do assignments not comprehension, so if he is motivated enough he'll do well. So this is why what-if hasn't been updated. My phone has at least two encrypted messaging apps on it that I've been meaning to learn how to use. Everyone I know uses Kik though and has 0 desire to switch. So we really don't know that they where actually using them if that's all they really found. To everyone complaining about the price: It's pretty difficult to build a robot that does much of anything for under ~$40. And this isn't just a robot, it has All these pieces that communicate with each other. You could do this in theory with gpg by signing keys with a master key after generating them but there's no way to do it automatically with ssh (that I'm aware of) I think it only had spheres to terminate each pipe. Just a reminder about why people still use xp:, earlier versions of windows supported a real time mode (sort of like the preempt rt Linux patches). This is needed in order to run some equipment but later versions of windows (post xp) have dropped support for it. Linux software also != website but doesn't suffer from these problems. Current mobile software really sucks in pretty much every way and there's nothing more to be said.