Being from the midwest as well, I was horrified when I moved to phoenix and saw all the millionaires driving in their $60,000-$80,000 cars. Then I found out that the majority of the people driving those things make $80-$140,000 a year. People out here tend to live at the ends of their means. Its a cultural thing. Some of the best conversations I've ever had with people at coffee shops have started because of laptops. "Whoa, is that one of those XO laptops? Do you like it? Can I try?" I run a site called http://www.gibsonandlily.com all the people that post there are nerds, but it is mostly non-tech news...we kindof joke that we're like reddit and digg...but for adults. I'm on this "diet" and have lost about 45 pounds so far. Getting skinny always seemed like black voodoo or something. Looking at it the way I would look at hacking together a system made it really, really, really easy. What city are you in? Go get some Yerba Matte, the loose kind. But about 1cm of it in the bottom of a french press, and about 2cm of milk in the bottom of a 20oz glass. Mix. Then add a few squirts of peppermint. (like 4 squirts). I'm serious, this concoction has gotten me through more all-nighter-afters than anything else ever. Has anybody ever seen this website before? It feels like if you hired a "webmaster" from the mid 1990s to build you a domain parking page. It is AWFUL. Ummmm...it sounds like the guy totally violated google's terms of service. He was hosting ads on a domain-squatting site that had no content. The advertisers were refunded their money, and the guy's account was closed down. As somebody that buys ads from google, I would be pretty pissed off if I found out that i was paying $1 a click for my ads to be on a parked domain...which is why they have their terms set up the way they are. Yeah, it sounds like the appeals process sucks, and that they didn't give him a real reason, but "you are a leeching douche-bag cancer to the DNS" should be a pretty good hint. are you kidding? They're protecting the people that buy ads from them, people like me , people with no advertising budget that are just trying to get a few people to check out their stupid blog ( http://www.gibsonandlily.com ). Those ads cost something like $1 a click (or more). If I found out that my tiny tiny budget was going to ads on some stupid domain parking website, I would be LIVID. Yeah, google terminated his account. They did it to protect people like me, and they are the reason the reason that people like me use them. I'm sorry, but domain parking/squatting/tasting/leeching/whatever-you-want-to-call-it is an instant failure in my book. oh come on, you've got to at least plug your comic! What, you mean you don't want to talk to their nephew who is "also really into those computer things" (read: plays a lot of world of warcraft). Yes, I'm bitter. It annoys me that people thing that IT consists of helping you with your num lock button, blocking them from porn, and doing lots of things with cables. Can you make a social networking site for me? You'll have to do it for free, but I'll give you some of the stock. or inquire_cost(build_social_networking_site); while cost > 100 { bitch() moan() ask again() } a non-geek sees them as the same thing. Fire up web-browser->enter web address->Log In->Click on new messages Its the same as logging in to yahoo or aol for them...we see the difference becuase (i imagine) most of us have built mail servers. We know all about smtp and pop and imap. Most of us don't see facebook as email because we're thinking about the back-end of things. Where are you at in IA? /iowan that fled to phoenix and now regrets it.. He got sick of people asking him if he could make the buttons cornflower blue. I think that, if we're talking about the level of traffic that I think we're talking about here, it would almost HAVE to be a botnet. either that, or somebody at one of the bandwidth providers got really really pissed off at you...if the later is the case the guy (or girl...they can be vindictive as hell) has probably already been fired since, you know, they sortof monitor these sorts of things. Some people spent their high school years learning programming languages and reading books written by dead guys. To these people, living in your jeep is a LOT less scary that asking one of your classmates if you can sleep on her couch. I also just want to chime in and say that I absolutely HATE websites that feel like they're been over-designed. perfect = hackernews horrible = digg.com I feel like the "uses webframework python $buzzword, javascript $buzzword $buzzword $buzzword" speaks to this. SOOO many websites have got too many distracting buttons and things to click on, and no actual content . Look at something like craigslist...its perfect. It's clean, and it gives you only the information that you want. Look at hackernews...same thing, nothing but content...yes there is some of that web2.0 (i hate that term) sauce on it, but it is a compliment to the content, not the main attraction of the site. I hate seeing these print publications go, but I can't say that I'm going to do anything to stop it... They're just too expensive. $6 for a magazine (or more)? When I can get the exact same thing (or a better alternative) online for free so long as I am willing to lend my eyeballs to some advertisers, I am not going to cough up my hard-earned cash just so I can get that joyous tactile feedback of a magazine. If these magazines want to differentiate themselves from their online counterparts they're going to need to show us, their consumers, that they can do a better job than the bloggers. That is a huge task when you're competing against bloggers who are living the life that they're writing about (I'm looking at you, Bruce Schneier). Look, a magazine is a delivery mechanism. If you want to start a magazine you have to create your content, then find a publisher to publish it and distribute it, you (or your publisher) have to eat the cost of magazines that don't sell. You need to fill a whole however many pages long your magazine is. The internet is also a delivery mechanism, the difference is that if you build the content and put it on the digital newstands like reddit,digg, or gibsonandlily.com costs you absolutely nothing, infinitely less than it would cost to put it on its real-world counterpart. Print media is dying, or is already dead. Things like Communication Arts, or Print (these are both graphic design magazines) can, I think, remain in business, but the bubble-gum poppy trip such as 17 magazine, or Cosmo are going to disappear shortly (if they haven't already). Note...me mentioning 17 and Cosmo isn't because I'm a male chauvinist bastard, it's because I grew up in a house with 5 sisters...the house was littered with these magazines. Are you asking what HN's users have created as far as news aggregators go? http://www.gibsonandlily.com is mine. Its moderated, but I feel like it has a pretty good, pretty tight-knit community :) edit/erase: I just read the rest of this thread and time_management is an idiot that probably SHOULD be seeking therapy. Token Ring. Did he call it a magazine? Came here to say this. When I first landed, I thought the buttons on the right were something like what digg has, then I thought that they were the dates of some blog posts. I finally realized that they were points like digg has (I think?). An about section would be a good idea too. Is this place for short stories? Novels? Comics? What? Also, the meat of the page seems to be too...centered? For some reason my eyeballs like things to be on the left side of a page and not in the center. Just my 0.02 We're all geeks (and most of us are also programmers and webdevs) here. Howabout a technical description of whats going on instead of a canned response? If some of us using an older browser is going to break stuff serverside then I think you've probably got some major issues to work through. Howabout a "No, thanks. I'll risk it. LEMME IN!" button? I could not agree with you more. Look, if you can cut it as a programmer you can cut it is a programmer. Start programming, get involved in some OSS projects, get your name out there! If you really genuinely want to be a "Computer Software Engineer", spend 4 years networking with other engineers and honing in your programming skills, not taking sociology and micro economics. Go to an online-only distribution model and charge a premium if you want it in dead-tree format. If their journalistic skills are so much better than those of the bloggers, then demonstrate that to us. Best "hole in one" I ever had. (I am not a programmer, feel free to submit this to the dailywtf, or coding horror, or make fun of me and call me ugly if you want to). There was a huge huge huge file that I was trying to run a perl script against. The [text] file was about 3 million lines long. What my perl did was split it out into a CSV file so that I could actually work with it (the person sending to me sent it as a space delimited file that didn't really follow its own specs, or have any explanation about what was going on...blah blah, it sucked)... Anyhow, my perl (stupidly) was doing: foreach $line ( ) { do_something; } The problem was that it kept coming back with an out_of_memory error. The other problem was that it wan running serially (is that a word) on an 8 core box....it would peg one proc with the perl, but the other 7 would just sit there being lazy. My (very hackish/duct tape) solution was to split (which should have been a big hint) the file into 8 pieces, then call the perl for each one of the 8 chunks...8 cores, 8 threads...should be full of win, yah? I used wc -l $filename to find out exactly how many lines were int he file, and then gave my new perl script that as the number of lines for each file. The new script did something like: foreach $line ( ) { print FILE1 $line; } (there was a couple of if statements so that after it hit $num_of_lines / 8 it would go to file2 file3 file4 etc. After that mess was all finished, it would call a shell script that did: magicscript file1 > file1.magic & magciscript file2 > file2.magic & etc. etc. etc. until it was done, then it would do cat *.magic > fixedfile which I could then work with... I put all this into another shell script that did echo "FULL POWER TO MAIN DEFLECTOR (this could get messy, look out!)" perl engage.pl by some miracle it worked on the first try!! I have since fixed this mess of code. At the time it was a "we don't have time to do it right, just DO IT!" moment, so...whatever :). I love debugging...I even [sometimes] love debugging other people's code... Its a bit like being a kid, and going out exploring in the woods, or trying to figure out where your parents hid the christmas presents. Everything is new, and shiny (with other's code)...its fun seeing how other people do things... That and it is a puzzle. Doing stuff in the "real world" is boring, predictable. Doing stuff in code is fun. There are no "rules" really. The only limitation is how much yerba matte I can consume. 11. Being forced to use crappy vendor software that they refuse to provide documentation for and then get yelled at when it doesn't work and told that it is your job to MAKE it work. 12. Blind Carbon Copies 13. Being forced to do things the wrong way. 14. Being woken up in the middle of the night and having to walk somebody through how to check if their ethernet cable is plugged in for an hour and a half and STILL being required to be there at 8:00 the next morning. 15. Providing a "this-must-work-now" temporary hack because somebody can't figure out how to work an excel spreadsheet, then having providing them with this spreadsheet every week become part of your job. I am not a DBA, so don't listen to me, but: Because MySQL is free? There have been a number of apps (scripts, rather) that I have written at work that require databases to function. Mostly report, some contact management stuff for the marketing dorks, etc. etc. I would never ever even DREAM of using anything that costs money for this stuff, why would I? For an app that gets used by 10 people, that has MAYBE 100,000 records (that is the largest I could realistically see it growing to), mysql more than meets my needs... The scripts run on OpenBSD. They're python (with its CGI and MySQLdb modules) running on Apache with MySQL. All 100% free of cost to us. That's your problem, Oracle/IIS, you cost money. edit: Just to clarify...I'm talking about using databases for little in-house projects. I was the same way... I never EVER worse shoes in the summer time. By the end of it, I could walk across pavement without feeling the burn :) DING Torrents have become to much work . Maybe I have just been "out of the scene" or whatever for too long... In the days of suprnova, the front page would be filled with albums or movies with plenty of seeds and MODERATORS that removed torrents that contained crap or trojans. Bittorrent now is as bad as kazaa (if that is even still around). I buy TONS of music...mostly bands that I found back in the suprnova days, actually, and I buy most of it on iTunes... I'm at work...dealing with the idiots at the pirate bay is too much of a pain in the ass and not worth the $9 an album costs on iTunes. As soon as somebody comes out with something better , I'll migrate to that. You're exactly right, it is all about ease of use. Using torrents used to be easier than going to the music store. That is no longer the case. Although....there is still IRC ;-) The music industry is doing a pretty good job of that right now. It has gotten to the point, for me, that I wouldn't even know where to go to bootleg music anymore. With things like imeem or pandora, I don't need to. In fact, there was an album I wanted a week or so ago; I had to ask one of my little sisters what was the current tool that people were using to get music (she is in high school). Not wanting to jump through hoops (the website she linked me to was basically a front-end of ? intitle:index.of on google, I fucking loathe peerguardian and didn't feel like renewing my usenet subscription), I just bought the album on iTunes, ran it through qtfairuse (you'll need to downgrade to itunes V6 to do it) and called it good. They really are starting to figure it out. If you want an example, go to whitelabel.net. It is a tool for DJs to freely download new tracks (and sometimes albums) before they hit store shelves. There are no intrusive sign-up proceedures, just a username/password form, and a download page. That said, I believe that the RIAA is going to be going away very soon (the arm of it that it suing people, not th arm of it that regulates audio standards...kindof like the IEEE). The "temple" studio model is all but dead. The cost of entry into the music production world has gotten to a point that the small, studio next to your favorite bar (if you're in tempe az, you know what I'm talking about) is cranking out music that is on par with the stuff that the megacorp is. Hey guys, I deliberately left HN out of this because HN seems like the best Online community out there right now... Hope you find this funny :) >All three systems What does this mean? To clarify what is being said here (a lot of people seem confused by this)... A lot of these seem to be the difference between the Mac "This is ours, you can use it" philosophy, and the BSD/Linux "This is ours, WE can use it" philosophy. There are things about macs that, while they are probably obvious to mac users, are completely non-intuitive to everyone else. Devs don't want to spend time learning the quirks of a window manager, we don't care; we care about....DEVELOPING! When you've got something, like aqua, that just seems to continually get in your way, it sucks. A personal example: A few years ago, my parents had just moved into a new house. It was a really cool house, and they were really excited about it. I thought it would be fun to create a spoof of that show that used to be on MTV called "Cribs" (Athletes and singers walk through their houses and show them off with some slow motion/fast motion transitions and some hip hop music). A friend of mine helped by filming me walk around their house and host our fake cribs show. When it came time to offload the video onto my PC, we ran into trouble, I didn't have the right firewire port for the cable we had (it was his camera). "No Problem", I thought, "I'll just plug it into my friend's laptop (a mac), copy the video to his machine, then SCP it to mine." Hooray, "Unix-Under-The-Hood!". We imported the movie to "iMovie" (i think that is what it was), but I could NOT figure out how to save the video file. There was no "save" or "export". Nothing. I could "save to quicktime" or "save to the internet" or "save to $foo mac app", but no "Save to /home/scott/video.mpg". I finally had to "export to quicktime", then do a find. |grep *.mpg to find the thing. THAT is the sort of "getting in my way" that seems to be not only acceptable at Apple, but standard and required. Another example is iPods. Ever try and take a song OFF of your ipod? Yes, you can do it, but Apple tries to get in your way as much as they can. Oh. Sorry, I've been spending a lot of time around BSD lately. What I was asking was if you meant "Windows, BSD, Mac" or "Windows, BSD, Linux" or what. or want to take the time to actually rip an album from vinyl instead of cd. most vinyl is cut from CDs these days, not studio masters. So whats up with haskell lately? that was the biggest difference I noticed when I moved from linux(gentoo) to openbsd; the man pages. They're actually....really really really useful. I know this is blasphemy around some parts of the internet, but windows 2000/xp can actually be a decent OS if used correctly. don't worry, he is a unix geek as well... http://leapsecond.com/pages/unix/ I think it is more about instilling in them the idea that science can be fun. Umm? Give kids a little bit more credit than that... The boys look like they're in 5th grade or so...the girl looks like she is probably in 3rd? They aren't infants, and their dad obviously works in this field. This was a great opportunity for them to see what dad does beyond sitting in a lab all day. When I was that age I would have been ecstatic to see what my dad did, doubly so if it had had something to do with science. THE PLOW IS GOING TO MAKE THE FARMER OBSOLETE!!! Okay, I'm kidding, of course, and I struggle with this all the time. I mean, if a factor that used to require 1000 people to build cars now only requires 100, or 50, or 1 or 0 or whatever , then what happened to the rest of the workers? They have moved on to auxiliary industries such as engineering (somebody needs to design the robots right). The endgame, however, will be the mechanized production of everything. At that point, energy will be the currency (instead of labor..think about it, paper money is just a unit of time*energy). If we can tap the near-limitless supplies of energy from fusion, we will have achieved a nearly Utopian Society. He was interviewing at (guess:) google. My guess is that the culture there sortof enjoys these kinds of "traps". Its the "oh, this is cool!" design philosophy. There was a top gear episode, Clarkson was talking about driving...the quote is something like "THIS, now this is fast driving. Boring, smooth, not a lot of tyres screeching...boring, efficient... now THIS, this is TELEVISION driving, car going sideways, tyres smoking something furious! WAAAHOOOOOO!!! FUN! See the difference?" This is like...television design, its fun and loud, but not very effective. I'm sorry, this makes no sense at all. Carry On. I don't get this either...I seems like the most they send you is 3 pairs of socks every 14 days? Something seems a bit off there. This is why this sort of thing would never work for me...My routine when I get home is: Come in the door, pet the dog. Set the laptop down on the table, grab a beer from the refrigerator, walk out to the back yard, sit on the patio, kick my socks off, and start playing fetch with the dog. My socks end up in a pile on the patio and end up getting thrown away. If this place was 7 socks for 7 dollars delivered weekly I would sign up today. It is tough to justify the cost for this, especially when i can go to walmart and get ~10 pairs of black socks for $4. Maybe this is not aimed at nerds? (I'm thinking not). Cool idea though. I'm with the person below here that says they get their shirts from woot. So do I. Woot is so amazingly perfect, I wish they did dress clothes as well...there are no choices to make, yes, or no. That is it. You say yes and you have a shirt at your door (or in my case, my office) the next day. If it was $1 per pair including shipping I could justify it..so like...$30 a month for fresh socks every day. Wow... I had never seen that before, and honestly thought it was a warning about predatory lending...the person on the phone "you can do this" sounds like a drug dealer "just one hit". ...wow.