As far as I understood the article, David had this accident in Argentina and the local authorities are investigating the matter. Daniel then left the country, going back to Brazil. Presumably -- but this is pure speculation on my part -- they asked him to return, in order to answer questions, and he declined. Argentina issues an international arrest warrant, so they can interview him. Daniel travels overseas, immigration at the airport scans his passport, the arrest warrant pops up. Everything from that point is purely automatic. Its language semantics are a sweet spot for me. And in my kind of web applications I handle massive load via HTTP Caching, leaving your "fast" language without cache-aware architecture far behind, thank you very much. The language does not implement caching. Your application architecture needs to take server caching into account. And in my experience, devs who focus so much on the "fast language" part, do so, because they don't actually know much about caching. And no, this statement is not universally qualified. I don't understand why you would want to implement HTTP caching in a language's runtime. Honestly, I don't even see where and how you could even do that. Of course "you don't implement caching". I think it was clear that I was talking about designing a cache-aware application. Cf. http://www.mnot.net/cache_docs/ . Okay, then I misunderstood where you were getting at. My fault. No, it didn't. The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit did. I have played with GPG time and again, my Enigmail/Thunderbird/OpenPGP card setup is fully functional. But what's holding me back is webmail. I don't use the web interface often, but it has proven to be absolutely crucial to be able to get some important mail (boarding pass, mail explaining how to get somewhere etc.) from any computer. Doesn't help. First, I'm not remotely interested in running my own mail infrastructur anymore. Been there, done that. Today it's much too hard to get mails accepted by others. But more important: iPads don't have an USB connector, my mobile phone doesn't have one. Friends have Macs, in other places there might be other crippled devices. The web is a universal building block. USB sticks are not. A password manager does not encrypt or sign mails. My friend's computers don't have PGP installed. Neither do "surf terminals". I certainly cannot install PGP there. Everything that requires some special software to run is a non-starter. That's wrong (you may mean "in the US", though, I don't know about that). And incredibly stupid. Of course it is desirable to give the attacker a chance to retreat by firing a warning shot. If he continues and you're in imminent physical danger, you shoot at the legs. And only if that did not help you go for the torso. (If there is enough time, if the killing shot is the only one you're ever going to get to fire, then that it is) That is equivalent to abolishing rule of law. And leads to an immediate race to the bottom of human sentiments and emotions. Feel free to google for "Gesundes Volksempfinden" (~"healthy people's perception"). The central pillar that allowed German jurists in the Third Reich to distort the existing law at will. The German civil code has been changed often, but fundamentally it's the same now as it was in 1900. Pretty fascinating how it's now seeing the fourth totally different political system. Well, but I know about what German courts require in cases of self-defense with a gun. I'm sorry to hear that the US have not developed some sensible framework of self-defense. I find the Florida system eminently sensible, even not going far enough. Maybe just because I'm kind of used to it. German self-defense law is even stronger than all those Stand Your Ground laws in the US. I guess only here law professors can write about the "ignominious/dishonorable flight" when discussing options against an attacker. "Justice does not have to yield to injustice" is a very common saying. But even if the law allows you to strike back, it's usually still a good idea to retreat. :-) A saying from an aquaintance who works as a public prosecutor in capital cases: "Generally it's preferable to discuss the limitations of self-defense with the prosecutor, than having the family discuss with the undertaker." Ambiguity does exist in natural languages, and it is obviously no big problem.[1] Unfortunately, technically inclined people like to apply their domain specific "knowledge" (compiler cosntruction?) to everything and come to incredibly bad conclusions. Ex falso quodlibet. It gets especially bad when technical guys talk about law and juristic methodology. Demonstrated daily here on HN. [1] BTW, linguistics is descriptive, not prescriptive. You immediately disqualify yourself from any linguistic discussion when you claim that native speakers are in error. > Reasonably foreseeable outcome. In German law that's even intent. The weakest form of intent, and not always easy to distinguish from wanton negligence, but still. The difference is probably that in your case you're showing self-produced evidence that you can easily and arbitrarily create, while in the case of physical shipment another party confirms the shipment. I passed the last course and cannot recommend it enough. I'd love to know the answer to the last week's programming problems, though. I only got part of it. Luckily, criminals (and innocents) don't get to dictate the process and legal rules of criminal investigations (and extraditions). We call it rule of law. You may have heard of it. I do not see where I actually commented on the merits of the case or the extradition request. Maybe you can enlighten all of us? Encrypt your content with AES-128 with a random (from /dev/random) key; write the key down as 32 hexadecimal digits. Nobody is going to break it, ever. Don't you advocate the use of urandom, or is there a subtlety I haven't got yet? Over the last days I've been looking into the whole "never use urandom for crypto" meme that permeates practically every Linux and general tech message board (and that I had believed for years). And I've come away with the conclusion that not trusting AES (or another modern block cipher) to be "good enough" for the CSPRNG, but using the output for... AES (or another modern block cipher) is quite comical. Germany's best-selling PC magazine c't periodically distributes "Bankix" on their CD. It's a Linux live system (with permanent storage on a USB stick) geared specifically towards online banking. I believe that quite a few people actually use it. Of course the hardware is the same, but you get a clean single purpose software system. Gutmann's cryptlib, as well, I guess. Someone would probably notice, checking the DVD against a checksum. Repackaging it seems to be tricky, since the paper inlay is bound in the magazine, it's not just stuck on the cover or whatever. You tear it out at a perforation, leaving part of the DVD cover inside. There are much more exposed attack vectors on online banking users, I would think. And you can always just download the ISO and check it against the hash (and the PGP key). But he is putting innocents at risk. That's why in my jurisdiction you can get fined up to 2000 Euros for that (a realistic amount is a low double-digit amount -- if nothing further happens, of course). If one of those ciphers is completely broken, so that can be decrypted as easily as ROT13, correct? Actually my impression is that many many user space programs use /dev/random, even for short term keys and nonces and stuff, just because they have learned by "more experienced Linux users" that /dev/urandom is not secure. Just look at all those "OpenSSL hangs on my server" bug reports and forum posts. And the man pages are better today than they used to be, but they still don't forcefully dispel that myth. I really would love to see FreeBSDs /dev/urandom behavior on Linux, i.e. "block once at system start". Yes, you need some kind of entropy estimator for that. I know, you're enraged, but truthfulness is still not optional. The defendant did not "make the law available for free", he (allegedly) distributed a copyrighted standards text. Which is not law. At all. And no, it is not incorporated into law, either. Despite what some people usually claim. (There are a few DIN standards that are actually incorporated, but I've never come across those, I think they are used in some building construction code or whatever). I know, I also think it's bad that there is no way to read and use standards freely (or cheaply), but the headline is totally misleading. Look, I know, EU "law" is difficult. I happen to have a little bit of knowledge about that, because I work on safety-related systems in industrial automation, where the same legal mechanisms apply (although "my" directive is 2006/42/EG, not Directive 2001/95/EC). Legally it works like this: 1. The EU issues a directive. Directives are not directly binding (some gray areas have developed over the years) and must be implemented by national legislatures into national law. The directive is the base line, national legislators may go above and beyond what the directive calls for. 2. In Germany we have implemented this directive (as well as "my directive", that's why I claim to have some knowledge about this issue, as well) in the "Produktsicherheitsgesetz" (Product Safety Act). You can find a translation here: http://www.bmas.de/SharedDocs/Downloads/DE/PDF-Meldungen/pro... 3. The law enables quite a few ministers to issue regulations that deal with specific things (in my example: the Ninth Regulation deals with machinery safety). Those regulations usually refer back to the EU Directive, incorporating it partly. For example, in the Ninth you can see ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/gsgv_9/__3.html ) that some requirements are basically just worded as "must meet requirements A, B and C from 2006/42/EG" or "must provide documentation as per Annex I of 2006/42/EG)". 4. Law and Regulations must be obeyed. Not some "EU law". This law. And only this law. The key insight is: how you fulfill the requirements is up to you. Also, the burden of proof that you fulfilled those requirements is yours. 5. Because those requirements are rather vague and abstract, and this burden of proof is not easily met, the law provides for some "convenience avenue" (well, and because that's the idea behind the EU's "New Approach"): You may demonstrate that you meet the requirements of certain applicable standards. If you do this (and you still have the burden of proof here!), you are automatically assumed to be in compliance with the law and the regulations. That's the so-called assumption of conformity. 6. That's where your linked table comes in: those are standards that are "harmonized under the Directive". If you find a standard that's (partly) applicable (you may not use a nuclear reactor standard to claim conformance of your children's toys...) on that list, you may shift your burden of proof from the law and the regulations to the standard (as far as it's applicable). 7. So far it doesn't sound very exciting. You just swapped one set of requirements where you bear the burden of proof with another set of requirements where you also bear the burden of proof. The thing is, those standards are tailored to your field, so they are much more practical and manageable. And the real kicker is this: you can get certification by TÜV, BG and other "notified bodies" provided for by EU law, that you met the requirements of the standard. You probably won't get TÜV or BG to certify that you met the requirements of the law itself. 8. Okay, but isn't that "incorporation"? No, it's not. Not legally. And not practically. First, remember: you have to follow the German law. Not some Directive. The latter isn't directly binding to anyone, except the national states insofar, as they are required to implemented it. The decision which standards are "harmonized" and thus invoke this assumption of conformity lies with EU organs, not national organs. So there is a real division of authority there. And, most important: you're always free to disregard any and all harmonized standards. If you feel good about meeting the requirements of the national law and regulations without the help of harmonized standards (and in some fields you mostly have to do that anyway, because no really applicable harmonized standards exist), you're free to do so. Emphatically no. First, the Directive itself is not the issue here, the harmonized standards are. Please don't mix it up. Nobody would sue for copying the text of the Directive. And second, it's really, really important to understand that only the national law must be followed and that it is not identical to the Directive. I know it sounds like nitpicking, but this difference is important. Not in the day-to-day development work (because you use Directive and standards as references, but mostly your company-internal process). But as soon as you're dicussing legal matters, it's important. [edited: fixed typo] Ask those who work in fields that don't have a harmonized standard at their disposal. Doesn't change your argument (I think), but please note that the standards in question are neither "US" nor "EU". They are International Standards (ISO, IEC) that just get reprinted (and translated) with different front matter by ANSI, DIN, BS and whatnot. The law references the standard(s), but only as optional. See the link to the English translation of the Product Safety Act that I posted in another comment. Article 4 is relevant. It's not exactly a monopoly You can buy it from ANSI or BSI, as well. If you don't insist on the German language version (even then, the Austrians probably have another version). Remember those C and C++ PDF standards, that ANSI sold for $18, later $30, despite the competition selling for two hundred or whatever? But sure, it's not a really competitive market. Many of those "problems" really don't seem to exist in Germany. I guess part of it stems from the common law system, but I'm not sure. That happens when you publicly shame and demonize your core contributors. Joyent has royally fucked up there, and if I was buying services from them, I'd have stopped now. They didn't have to like his opinions, but this could have been handled much more amicably (maybe some "agree to disagree" and "we overrule you on this specific issue, no hard feelings"). Instead they chose the nuclear option, not only publicly blogging about how wrong they think Ben was, but actually fantasizing about firing him. This is what happens when you're flat-out denying the Holocaust here in Germany. But for standing on the "wrong side" of how to handle gernder pronouns? Please... Why should he? He actually recommends to write passwords down on paper. And for most attack scenarios for the private user, "a logbook on the desk next to the computer" isn't a big difference to "little bits of paper in the wallet". I always have to remember myself that it's Gauck now. Pity that Köhler resigned. He was a good guy, but no real politician. All in all we've been lucky with our presidents. Von Weizsäcker, Rau, Herzog, all of them good people. I'm still not sure about Gauck, he seems very secluded and withdrawn to me. German Usenet was and still is (in)famous for demanding real names. In the late nineties and early 00s there ware huge wars between those who campaigned for pseudonyms (usually labelled "net terrorists", although honestly most of them really were trolls) and those who insisted on real names (labelled as "Blockwart": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockleiter ). Of course it's immaterial now. Most of the "net terrorists" left, many of the "blockwarts" mellowed, and in the end Usenet is dead and both sides tolerate much more than they used to, just happy to see a few more postings. Meeting a sysadmin of your mail provider at some real-life net gathering, wearing the "I read your mail" shirt really was a bit unsettling... I'm sorry, but this meme is flat-out wrong. /dev/urandom gives the exact same quality randomness as /dev/random (let's ignore the issue of boot-time and VM cloning for now). There is a slight twist to it, where for information-theoretically secure algorithms /dev/random would be preferable, but you don't need that. Because you don't use those algorithms (the only one really worth mentioning is Shamir's secret sharing scheme). I'm just amazed how people don't trust the cryptographic building blocks inside a modern CSPRNG, but then use the very same building blocks to use the randomness and encrypt their secrets. Good points. First, I'm not saying that cryptographic randomness can be created out of thin air, without entropy, I just argue that you don't need n bits of real entropy to get n bits of high-quality randomness. I mean if you really needed 4096 bits of random seed to generate 4096 bits on randomness, why not just take the 4096 bits you waste on the seed as randomness? Of course you need a random seed. That's what i was alluding to with the boot-time or VM remark. But you're not really interested in lots and lots of potential output sequences, one of them is enough. Remember, the first requirement of a block cipher is that it is indistinguishable (to a computational polynomial bound) from a random distribution. The real counter-argument is the state attack. And that's mitigated by a modern RNG's design. Fortuna, for example, constantly mixes incoming entropy into outputs that occur far in the future (technically, it reseeds every now and then, but without estimating entropy). This does not protect you from a total state compromise, a computer is deterministic, after all, but it's quite hard to argue with a straight face that such a total compromise matters, because everything you might want to use the randomness for would most certainly be quite as compromised, as well. So why take that (probably insignificant) risk? Because the alternative is worse. If you want to have Linux's current /dev/random behavior, you have two things: First, it blocks when there's not enough entropy in the pool. That's bad. Just google for "sshd hangs". Either your system doesn't work anymore, or people find creative ways to subterfuge all the crypto stuff to make it work again. Just for the far-fetched fear about this total state compromise? Second, how much entropy do you have? Lots and lots has been written about it, but despite all this technobabble ("'entropy', there must be hard physics behind it"), estimating entropy is not really an exact science. More guesswork. So you never know how much entropy you really have. That's why Fortuna got rid of all that estimating that its predecessor Yarrow still did. Yeah, I see it the same way. but at least you can put forward a highly theoretic argument there that just doesn't work with all the crypto algorithms we actually use. Especially since: what are you doing with ssss? Usually splitting a private key to a non-information-theoretically secure block cipher, I guess. So you're back to square one. I phrased that part poorly. I think you're right. I probably channeled him inadvertently. I've collected lots of links to articles and man pages and so on about the issue, because I have been planning to write a coherent article about urandom vs. random. And I'm pretty sure I remember what posting you mean. Unfortunately, writing this article gets postponed again and again, just as finishing and sending in the second set of your crypto challenges... maybe before Christmas I'm going to find a few hours to do that. No, the court did not rule anything (although it probably will). The Advocate General at the court entered his plea, which the court usually follows. If you accept the premise of an efficient market (as most index investors probably do), then Fidelity's argument is bullshit. They say index funds have to follow the index, and -- in this concrete example -- buy Facebook, because it's going to be included in the S&P500. That's true. Unfortunately S&P management did not whisper this little piece of insider's information into Fidelity's ear. It's public knowledge. And so other actors besides index funds have already tried to exploit that nugget of information. Just as Fidelity is doing. So it's already been priced in. The hypothesis of an efficient market does not assume that all actors in the market are actively exploiting every bit of information, just enough of them to move prices to their "fair" points. If you don't accept the premise of an efficient market, then index funds don't interest you much and you have other strategies to follow. The worst I have seen was at a former employer. We had two people with the name "John Doe", and the mail scheme at the company resulted in john.doe@company.invalid. The second one got... john.doe1@company.invalid People have names. I find that digit in the mail address that clearly consists of a name deeply degrading. There are other ways to solve collisions: j.doe@, j_doe@, maybew one of those has a second given name, whatever.