The root problem with Bitcoin isn't the program, it's the money supply equation. Deflationary currencies fail exactly because they are too volatile, which is the anti-thesis of designing a currency to be held as an asset. Imagine currency like the oil in an engine. Someone needs to create a coin that rewards mining by giving them futures contracts on the currency and still deflating it. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Turnout would certainly be higher, but it's not clear that it would be a "better" representation of the country. The electoral college distribute power, to some degree, based on geography. Geography is correlated with a large number of other "diversities" of American culture, from race, population density, to industry, to global warming risk, etc... Switching it to a straight majority would take power away from all of these subsets of society. This election, it seems, it was "white rust belt" Americans that decided the election. In Gore vs Bush, it was Florida. Next time, it will be something else. It's all highly imperfect and somewhat random, but I see danger in solidifying power in what essentially will be people who live in cities. It's also a question of whether the borders of a state breaking away remain valid. While the cities of LA and SF might support secession, the rural residents occupying the remaining 98% of the actual territory in California would want to stay. Agreed. Although in this case we don't if the initial report was fake or not. It's just unverifiable. It's entirely possible that some local cable tech decided to play a prank on a specific neighborhood where the tweeter lived. ...it wouldn't be the first time. In a world where news is so commoditized, interpretation is so rare If a surface temperature of −179.5 °C isn't enough to stop someone, logic never will. The point is that we are far far further away than commonly accepted. The day a computer can distinguish between a plastic bag in the road and a child is the day I'd support them on the road. This does not include storage costs to offset the cyclic nature of solar. I have a hard time imagining these exact same four points not being equally urgent if we were ushering in a Clinton administration. From an IT perspective, I think it's more important to recognize the increasing complexity and chaos of our security environment, and recognize that governments are not homogeneous objects, but themselves composed of good actors and bad actors. Engage the good, protect yourself from the bad. I think this would be your answers if you want to be questioned further. The amount of energy used actually makes it less likely to be intelligence. It's times like this I'm glad I have a country block setup through ipdeny. Reducing the likelihood of attack by two orders of magnitude is a big help until there's a patch. Looks like a bot to me. Literally only pastes links. I'd suspect that some of the websites it links to generate ad-rev, while the wikipedia and reddit links are there to obfuscate the purpose of the bot. It's simple logic. If you notice, both the Reddit and HN source have the same source url. You don't think there's any value in reducing penetration attempts by 2-3 orders of magnitude? I went from seeing an attack every few seconds to one per day/week. Doesn't using a .com TLD mean they are subject to DNS seizure in the US? ...although maybe it'll redirect once they launch. I'd love to have a global map with more granularity than just country level. Is that in the works? He's a complete random element. I literally have no idea what he's going to do. ...maybe that's a good thing? Everything that was "reliable" in the past let us down. The frequencies are roughly the same as what is used for LTE cell phone traffic. Which means they are probably looking for a frequency that has the same atmospheric, foliage, and construction material absorption, and range. Not sure it tells you much. They are obviously also limited to what portions of the spectrum are available. People don't really have a problem with immigration. They have a problem with terrorism. The various eastern European migrations subsequent to the fall of communism did not come with terrorism. A common use-case is tabs that are streaming music. I'm not sure if most users are even aware of pinned tabs. This is a great example of how fear of something possibly happening, gives a larger audience the illusion that it will happen. Literally no one in the administration has even suggested, ever, that they'd delete climate data. The problem is that we have news channels that mimic entertainment. The reality of the executive orders actually being signed are nearly identical to previous Republican administrations. What's different is the reporting. Is there a comprehensive list of ALL stars within 50/100/200/etc light years? Clear from the judges order that this only helps those few immigrants caught in transit during the order being signed. There's a difference between giving your boss honest feedback, and being obstructionist. Encouraging honesty is great, but at the end of the day, you still need to follow orders. Tata is just one of MANY similar companies. ...even if they only did this for the top 20/50/100 changes, it would be well worth it. Isn't it reasonable that all requests be provided "at cost"? Maybe at a $/hour corresponding to the federal minimum wage? I don't think FOIAs should be free nor anonymous. I imagine foreign governments would exploit that to try to probe for information. Marketers also have the 99% / 1% rule. They aren't coming up with new marketing slogans all day long. They come up with 1 good idea per quarter and then go through the painstaking process of fleshing it out, testing it with groups, presenting it to management, getting design teams to execute, managing a project/budget/schedule, etc... This is a general human rule that most people spend WAY too much time criticizing the effort of those of us who are working. They aren't going to inspect the HD partitions at the border. They clone for a later time - at which point, you'd already be admitted and are not obliged to assist them. As another investor, the stock has already gone up 650%. You should probably look at another company to buy. Never buy during the hype. The predominant theory, though, is that the bombardment was caused by changes within our own solar system, not from outside - per your link I find it interesting that the public has a good understanding of our solar system, and recognizes images of our galaxy as a whole, but if you ask them anything about the layout of what's in between, they have no clue. PBS (and thus NPR) federal funding might be on the chopping block with the next federal budget, so it's not surprising to see pieces trying to get out ahead of that. I grew up on NRP, and I LOVE This American Life, Garrison Keillor, and the reruns of Click and Clack, but I'd be lying if I didn't admit that they have a pretty left leaning agenda. The Brian Lehrer show used the anniversary of Pearl Harbor to discuss how Trump might create Muslim concentration camps in America. I manage several GSuite accounts. The tech support staff is friendly and helpful, but if the problem is outside their list of known issues or current outages, they're basically useless. They aren't developers and they have no access to investigate underlying system data/logs, let alone resolve anything. ...and that's where the true problem with Google is. There's no mechanism to report/escalate a well-defined and reproducible technical bug - even as a technical sysadmin with a paid account. ...and if a data issue only impacts a small number of people, it'll never get fixed. The GSuite forums are bombarded with usability questions, and real tech issues are given the old "let's see which FAQ I can post to get some karma" response. Calling the help desk might get the issue escalated, but it's far far more time consuming than if I could just put a normal bug report together with a screenshot. For PCI Compliance purposes, at least, holding user credit card information is already seen as a liability because maintaining compliance is a cost center. That's why there's been some shift towards tokenizing transactions on the fly and directly submitting to the CC company via javascript so that shopping websites never see your CC number even when you enter it on their website - even if you're scheduling future payments. Maybe we should include other data elements under PCI or similar regulations. SSN? I imagine HIPAA has similar requirements and associated costs. I think it's disingenuous to claim that's all that's being removed from Facebook in Germany, even today. My wife is German and she's seen pages/profiles get banned that are just generally anti-immigration. ...but the only they ran this story was to target Trump. ...and even still, what's happening in Yemen is barely mentioned. Obama was just as complicit with what was happening and no one published anything about it. You can buy drugs with it online. ...and also pay ransomware ransoms. tl;dr - Exchanges go bankrupt More generally, the issue is that it solidifies control to the two political parties participating in the "I cut you choose" game, which are both incentivized to marginalize any 3rd party. I wonder if the game can be fairly expanded to X number of parties? I'm starting to think FPTP is at the root of all of our problems. There is a big misconception about nuclear attacks. Full scale nuclear war with a adversary like Russia is indeed an apocalypse scenario, but a single lowish yield nuclear detonation by a nation like North Korea is very very survivable, if you are prepared. I have a similar evac plan with a bug-out bag that I gave my wife to keep at her work. For nuclear attack specifically, she is instructed NOT to leave her work and hunker down in their concrete basement for two weeks. Even being much closer to an estimated ground-zero, she is far safer in their well-shielded basement than trying to get home in the open fallout zone. The bag has enough rations, batteries, water, first-aid, etc for that period. Fallout zone radiation levels take about 2 weeks to drop to safe levels, at which time she has a printed google map for her to walk the 20 miles home. My job is to grab the kids at school and hunker down in our basement where we have more exhaustive supplies, and ultimately get the hell out of town together. Fallout is the biggest killer. Using http://nuclearsecrecy.com/nukemap/ , and unfortunately fallout is highly dependent on wind direction - an important unknown on that day. Given the unknowns and the likelihood that roads will be quickly impassible, it is best to prepare at home. It takes two feet of concrete or packed dirt to block radiation to a safe level, and that includes ABOVE you. Wood provides almost no protection. ...but if you do have a basement, then you can make a plan to place very heavy items (appliances & server racks) on the first floor above you and vehicles and stones/dirt/etc around that part of the house. Fallout settles on surfaces, so it's a good idea to trim bushes and trees directly around that shelter - you want the fallout to hit the ground, not settle at a higher angle above you. ...and if you're in Hawaii or other coastal area and have easy access to a boat, that might be the best option because fallout sinks and there are no traffic jams at sea. In reality, you would be very hard pressed to get 51% of all global wealth to agree on anything. Today, it is pockets of ~1% wealth screwing over their regional 0.00001% constituents. Ethereum forces a global authority :) The point of "code is law" is to replace the legal system. Laws are, after all, code. Programmers are the new lawyers. The problem with the "hack" was that our laws/code are still incredibly primitive. I don't have an issue with the rollback - because that's part of the design, and I really doubt they'll be able to do that again if the ownership of ETH spreads out more. These problems will work themselves out. There are numerous other coins. Pick the one you think is better and buy it. What happens when these issues are addressed at the hardware level. Are users on new chips going to continue to live with performance nerfs to protect those who haven't upgraded, or will patches and fixes detect some CPU feature that IDs it as a "fixed" CPU... of course spoofing that will have its own security implications. Yes, but almost exclusively those who die are immune compromised, under 5 months old, or elderly. What's terrifying is healthy adults dying of flu.