Exactly. CELT at 2.5kbit/sec: http://myrandomnode.dyndns.org:8080/~gmaxwell/celt/16k_60ms_... So sure, CELT can be coerced to run at obnoxiously low rates— it's far more flexible than MP3 in this regard, every frame size which is an integer number of bytes greater than 8 or so should more or less work (and it should use every bit effectively). This doesn't mean that it'll actually be useful at very low rates. 32kbps is about the limit for 20ms frames where things really start to come apart and everything starts sounding pretty poor. The CELT _decoder_ is more computationally complex than you might guess. We started the design in 2007, and the decoder is pretty comparable to MP3 or Vorbis decoding (though requiring a _lot_ less memory). Using substantially less CPU than that, if there was quality to be gained would have been a sin. So although the overall design is nice and simple— we use a number of 'more optimal' techniques which are decent CPU sinks. E.g. Everything is range coded (so we're not constrained to coding things with probabilities of the 1/2^n form) and we use high dimensionality vector quantization. The encoder, however, doesn't need a psy-model at all nor does the current one have much of a psy-model (it has some simple hacks for a couple psycho-acoustic tweaks, but nothing too complex) Reasonable perceptual performance is implicit in the format. This means that a good CELT encoder can be much faster than, say, a good vorbis encoder. On the subject of DSP stimulating curiosity, checkout http://www.xiph.org/video/ FWIW, mono at32kbit/sec is fairly close to stereo at 64. (Of course, there is some joint coding gain from stereo— but stereo's wost case is just as bad as 2x mono and it's the often the worst cases that limit the quality). For example, mono speech at 32kbit/sec: https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.orig.wav https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.MP3.wav https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.vorbis.wav https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.CELT.wav The SILK+CELT hybrid does better still, but even CELT alone is still fairly useful at lower rates. Whats the point of paying for MPEG-LA's license for AVC if doing so doesn't actually make the format legal to use? Both sides are saying (if not expressly then implied) that their licensing technique is believed to be enough, but they can't promise absolute protection. This isn't the case. See the HP and MPEG-LA testimony before the FTC. The pool agreement isn't exclusive. The members are free to license their patents through other venues, including cross licensing. In fact, one of the points MPEG-LA made in their initial review letter with the DOJ is that he pool would not be used to force anyone to pay for a license to a patent which they were already licensed for some other means. So a pool member only has to pay royalties iff they've been unable to achieve complete cross-licensing with the other pool members. I'm interested in knowing where you get this idea what H.265 won't be subject to patent royalties? FreeBSD MD5 is pretty strong— Its randomly salted and runs 1000 iterations of MD5. None of MD5's weaknesses are especially relevant in this context. The most important thing is the how slow it is, and it's likely that if they'd taken defaults bcrypt would actually have been faster. The saddest thing is that many of the people howling about MD5 are proposing weaker alternatives like straight SHA-512 with a static "salt" embedded in the source code. In fact, MTGOX almost deployed such a replacement in their upgrade until they were cluesticked by people screaming to not invent you own cryptographic functions. You appear to be advancing a sweat of the brow ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sweat_of_the_brow ) theory of copyright— a view which is rejected by US law (the law in other places may be different). See Bridgeman v. Corel for an excellent example. Of course, I don't begrudge people who scan the ability to get paid for their work. But there are a great many ways to get paid which do not involve forever robbing from the public domain (because, of course, if they are able they will simply keep updating their scanned copies while locking the public away from the originals). And yet Wikipedia manages to do so without charging $19/article. :) Even for historic scanned books, e.g. http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:William_Blake,_a_crit... Likewise, archive.org does as well. I expect these papers will eventually end up in both these places. Maybe. http://www.scotusblog.com/case-files/cases/golan-v-holder/ Probably you don't understand where the line is because no one else is quite sure either. Most of the underlying information on Google Maps is public domain—road locations and physical features of the terrain are all uncopyrightable facts. What they claim copyright to are the map visuals: the particular style of drawing the maps, and the photographs they took. (though perhaps even that is debatable, since the photography is a robotic process) You should be able to take the Google data and extract everything uncopyrightable from it to draw your own maps. (And if you're interested in public maps, you should see the OpenStreetMap project.) But say you want to include some of the other things on Google Maps--place markers for hotels and restaurants, for example. Any one of them is an uncopyrightable fact: that's where it is. But what if you choose to mark the same collection of the same sorts of things that Google has marked--are you infringing on their copyright in the selection? The more you can make an argument that there was some original thought in the selection the harder it is to tell. US law is pretty clear on plain facts being ineligible for copyright, even if it took work ("sweat of the brow") to compile them. But copyright in things like collections of data is much less clear. No, just not stupid enough to write the oppositions briefs for them. But really, you don't need to be a genius to obtain large collections of scientific papers. Many people have them— its a prerequisite for doing meta-analysis for example. The distinction here is making them available to the general public. They don't do full text search on these articles. None of your links are working for me. The only things in archive.org right now appear to be a half dozen issues from the mid-1800s. It's perhaps easier to go the other way. Can you find this online? "Description of the Brain of Mr. Charles Babbage" T1 - Description of the Brain of Mr. Charles Babbage, F.R.S JF - Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London. Series B, Containing Papers of a Biological Character (1896-1934) VL - 200 SP - 117 EP - 131 PY - 1909/01/01/ UR - http://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rstb.1909.0003 M3 - doi:10.1098/rstb.1909.0003 AU - Horsley, V. This isn't true. There are several kinds of built in upgradeablility. First, the relevant structures have version identifiers, so new clients could operate on a mixed network without problems (though with the new features disabled) and continue to parse old messages. Secondly, all bitcoin transactions are governed by small programs written in the transactions (called scripts). Many of the scripting OP codes are 'reserved' and treated as NO-OP by the clients today. If a vulnerability was found in ECDSA and we needed to migrate off it fast— You could write transactions which require a (say) lamport signature PLUS an ECDSA signature.. and encode the lamport signature requirement in script as a NO-OP (e.g. one of the no-ops gets redefined a 'check lamport signature'). Old clients will ignore that requirement and consider the txn good if the ECC key was good, new clients will validate it. The network could run mixed for a long time, though transactions sent and received by old clients wouldn't enjoy the improved security. The script mechanism doesn't let you upgrade everything, e.g. you can't change the hash used for the proof of work or merkle tree that way... but that aspect of the usage is the most robust against attack. E.g. Bitcoin would still be acceptably secure if MD5 were used in the POW as well studied functions tend to fail fairly slowly with attacks becoming more powerful gradually. For those things you're left with the alert... and even there the system can use indicators in coinbase to have mining nodes vote on when to activate the change. Because no one mining would be left on the old network clients that didn't upgrade would just see transaction processing stop, not a significant split. It's arguably unethical to mention solidcoin and link to their PR material without at least a little word of warning: Solidcoin is not a decentralized system like bitcoin. Every other block must be mined by one of several trusted parties. This has advantages and disadvantages. (Because there are only a few bitcoin clients and only one popular one bitcoin has some centralization problems too, but it's not really comparable) The solidcoin trusted parties have used this ability to change the rules of the system substantially on the users. E.g. the payout per block was recently reduced from 32 SC to 5 SC. Users could not disagree by simply refusing to "upgrade" because the trusted parties stopped issuing blocks on the old network. There is a bunch of other funny business as well. Do your research. You laptop has a _hardware_ H.264 decoder? What laptop is that? GPU shader code != hardware. And LLVM was bootstrapped by using GCC as the front end before clang was written to replace it. The freedom to combine with another program _temporarily_ while you bootstrap something better improves productivity significantly. And the world before GCC had a great many commercial compilers. Many of the crap. GCC replaced almost all the crap ones, so that only free compilers and a few commercial compilers that were good enough to offer something over GCC existed. Where do you get no prior contact from? The fact that SolidCoin had stripped the copyright notices from the fails and were fraudulently claiming to have rewritten everything (as part of their process of closing access to Solidcoin and putting it under a restrictive license) was a popular discussion subject on the AltChains forum and had come up multiple times. They also apparently violate the Berkley DB license. And you believe it? Why? Google for solidcoin copyright. You can see the posts on bitcoin talk _months ago_ talking about this. Looking for myself, it appears that they still haven't fixed the copyright notices. The file cited on the github page still has the mentioned code with nothing but a copyright notice by solidcoin. And if there is no issue they could simply file a DMCA counternotice and get everything put back up. No. This really is not the case. The article _specifically_ addresses this misconception. The signal reproduced from your 44.1kHz sampled digital input is not a stair-step like some broken waveform editor might display: On output it goes through a matched reconstruction filter (which may, in fact, be digital and involve an oversampled DAC or it could be analog though those are harder to build without compromise). After the reconstruction filter the output is _EXACT_, assuming the input only contained energy below the nyquist (well, and was sufficiently far away from the reconstruction lowpass). So even a 5khz sine wave is reproduced perfectly with 44.1kHz sampling. Yes, thats basically it. They do this _exceptionally_ well in fact. Typically the technique used inside DAC is to digitally upsample the signal (by duplicating samples, often to a few MHz— also allowing them to use a low bit-depth DAC) then it applies a very sharp "perfect" digital filter to cut it right to the proper passband (half the sampling rate). The analog output then contains only a tiny amount of ultrasonic aliasing which is so far out that it's easily rolled off by simple induction in the output. This isn't just theory. Here is a wav file I made at a 1kHz sampling rate, where every other sample is -.25/.25: http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-sampled.wav (so a 500Hz tone, the highest you can represent with 1kHz sampling). Feeding that file to a boring resampler (I used SSRC, but anything should give roughly the same result— a least when not quite so ridiculously close to nyquist, most will attenuate near-nyquist data extensively) and get this: http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-sampled-to-48khz.wav Here are the two signals plotted against each other: http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-to-48khz.png As you can see— the 500Hz sinewave is reconstructed perfectly. (Of course, a 500Hz square wave would not be (you'd get a sinewave out) but this is because a 500Hz square wave contains energy far beyond the nyquist of 1kHz sampling). Here is a spectrograph of the same signal http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-to-48khz-spec.png showing that the tone is indeed pure (the faint background noise is the dither the resampler applies when requantizing its high precision intermediate format back to 16 bits). First, if you can "hear the steepness" you really can hear higher frequencies, but I assume you meant "maybe you can hear higher frequencies but not higher frequency _tones_"... People have suggested this. It's been tested in rigorous double blind tests— involving both real music signals as well as special test tones (Linked from the article). The tests were unable to show that people could hear the ultrasonics. Moreover, there isn't any physiological basis to expect people to be able to. You can't expect a stronger result than that. Common 48KHz audio already goes a bit beyond what adults are known to be able to hear, so you've already got some headroom for "but what if a few people hear better than anyone the researchers have been able to find!". Audio tweaker with hacker leanings but without carpentry skills? Start your engines: http://drc-fir.sourceforge.net/ Not somewhat unusual. A one of a kind specimen. If you test this and hear something, it's almost certainly because the ultrasonic signal is being distorted by your amplifier and speakers and you're hearing distortion products that are ending up at frequencies you can hear. Indeed, but if there were non-linearies in the ear (there are many, of course) which allowed detection of ultrasonics (less likely, because the first stage of the ear is impressively linear) you'd expect them to show up in the actual listening tests. The TFA does at least make this the-proof-is-in-the-pudding point somewhere in its depths. :) 16 bits is not "very limiting" for anything, unless you think your ears themselves are very limiting. Many things are mastered poorly— recording engineers crushing the dynamics in order to get the loudest possible signals— mostly a problem for pop music, but nothing is immune. It's been observed that the various 'higher-definition' recordings have less brutal mastering— no doubt owing to the different audience they are marketed to. But this isn't a property of 24-bit vs 16-bit distribution. To avoid the trouble of digging up the link: http://www.davidgriesinger.com/intermod.ppt Slides 29-35 address this point. Acoustic "beat tones" aren't "real" tones— you hear them because of non-linearies in the ear-brain system, but you have to hear the initial tones first. (Well, unless you're talking >>130dB SPL levels where the air starts becoming non-linear, but then lower frequency recording would capture it fine) If you could hear subharmonic beats from ultrasonics then it would be _very_ easy to demonstrate, alas. They don't— the air is linear (except at insane sound pressures) so there is no interference. While the ear is not linear, it doesn't respond at those frequencies. If it really worked that way it would be trivial to demonstrate. Alas, it doesn't. Alas, they don't— you can easily demonstrate this for yourself. Startup an audio editor and generate tones at 25k and 28k (make sure you can't hear them— otherwise you have severe distortion screwing up your test) then play both at once. You will not hear a 3kHz tone. The tone you get from an acoustic beat is not a real tone— it's a perceptual quark that requires you to be able to hear the tones in the first place. Not unless you pass them through a non-linear filter like a distortion effect. (yes, the ear-brain system is non-linear too— but apparently it filters out the ultrasonics before they do anything measurable in this regard) Yea, and and if the bandwidth/storage is at all an issue 6x size bloat from 24/192 pays for 6 separated tracks. (Actually more, because multitrack is more losslessly compressible while 24/192 is less). If you're already providing multitrack then 24 bit audio would make sense... otherwise, meh. This isn't true. Sample a bandlimited impulse. The exact timing is encoded into the gibbs oscillations of the signal. So long as you have a high enough SNR you can have timing as precise as you want. (and because the ear doesn't work with ultrasonics— it is itself bandlimited— it uses the same phenomena for timing) This is the core secret of the sampling theorem. It says if you have signals of a particular type (bandlimited) you can do a certain kind of interpolation and recover the original exactly. This is no more surprising than the fact that you can recover the coefficients for an N degree polynomial using any N points on it, though the computation is easier. It turns out that if you reproduce a digital signal using stair steps you get an infinite number of harmonics— but _all_ of them are above the nyquist frequency. The frequencies below the nyquist are undisturbed. Then you apply a lowpass filter to the signal to remove these harmonics— after all, we said at the start that the signal was bandlimited— you get the original back unmolested. Because analog filters are kinda sucky (and because converters with high bit depth aren't very linear), modern ADCs and DACs are oversampling— they internally resample the signal to a few MHz and apply those reconstruction filters digitally with stupidly high precision. Then they only need a very simple analog filter to cope with their much higher frequency sampling. It uses energy to do so— just like a heat pump can heat your home with greater output than electrical input, but not no electrical input. The more exciting detail is that computation itself doesn't increase entropy, at least not if reversible computing is use. Only errors or, rather, their correction do... So things may be more rosy than you might guess: http://arxiv.org/abs/quant-ph/9908043 You probably know this, but for people that don't— "They are" is the wrong pairing. The subsidy halves every 210,000 blocks (~4 years) as part of the innate core rules of the system enforced by every participant. So it would be more accurate to say "They cut" (past tense as this was established years ago), or "The system will" (no human actor). Also it looks like the halving will be early December to late November. (The block number is fixed, not the time, and because the difficult updates lag rapid increases/decreases in computing power can shift the date around a bit) The bitcoin system adapts itself to keep the rate of coin creation constant. So it's impossible to say what their return will be in the future. Perhaps a few monts later someone puts out a run of 28nm ASICS at 1/4 the price with 4x the performance and they're bought in massive waves. You mean 3372% interest— The 7% number is _per-week_. Measuring the point where something becomes perceptually lossless is quite difficult because, by definition, you're measuring at the bounds of perceptibility. In terms of simple objective measures (e.g. the masking weighed SNR, http://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/NMR.v.c.l.png ) Opus does better than Vorbis (and AAC) at high rates too. Between that and the overall better time domain performance, my _expectation_ is that Opus can become perceptually lossless at lower rates, but this is hard to validate. Getting the lowest possible average perceptual lossless rate is also a product of the encoder having a good psymodel, and released opus encoders have pretty much no explicit psymodel at all (but still manage to be competitive). So this reduces the interest in doing a bunch of very difficulty listening tests to determine the exact perceptually-lossless points, since they'll likely go down with near term encoder improvements. The IETF datatracker link is pretty useless. Pretty much anyone can make any claim they want there and there is no way to remove it. Its just a statement collector, not a review. Most of the results returned are against old versions of the specification, too. Thats a conversation from two years ago... But whats scary about it? What maintenance are you looking to perform on it? Thats code from the inner loop of the algebraic codebook decoder. Its operation is explained by a 117 line long comment in the source, and by a page long description of a simplified algorithm in the spec. Beyond replacing it with an alternative implementation which would naturally have nothing in common there isn't much to maintain in it (and that code itself has been proven correct through exhaustive testing as well as the partially-exhaustive unit tests for it included with the codec). Most of the codec doesn't look like that. Though it's not all easy to read— e.g. a lot of the signal processing stuff is intermediated by macros so that it works for both fixed point and floating point. And if you don't like it then, by all means, write your own. Having more interoperable implementations would be great. Most formats don't give you a BSD licensed reference implementation. ::shrugs:: I want to be really tall like a giraffe. I guess I'll go eat the leaves from the tops of the trees. Nothing is 'hidden'— the image is a stitched panorama from many smaller images, and they didn't (yet?) transfer some of the images which only cover the rover, presumably because looking at the rover is scientifically uninteresting. The black areas are just the boundaries of the missing images. The StorJ example mentioned at the top is pretty interesting: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=53855.msg642768#msg6... It's not resilient to such a thing. If you think _anything_ widely used can be, you are woefully underestimating the power of a modern major state. This isn't a question about technology; as much as the geeks love to obsess over it. Technology is just one part. Non-technology attacks are simply much more powerful. E.g. "Anyone caught using Bitcoin will be executed on the spot by large caliber fire from attack helicopters flying far enough away that you can't see or hear them targeting you", and suddenly Bitcoin is only some obscure and irrelevant thing— even outlaws have no use for outlaw 'money'. There is no question of _ability_ to suppress it, only a question of sufficient motivation. And motivation is where it comes up short. Bitcoin is just another thing people can barter. Not different from beanie babies or lumps of coal, and it shouldn't be legally or politically different. This whole weird concept of something being unlawful until proven otherwise must be some kind of crazy fallout from the drug and copyright wars, and I fear that thinking will greatly harm society in the long run. If Bitcoin turns out to be an efficient 'money' then sane and efficient governments should support it: because a more efficient money will make everyone more prosperous. Some people love to feel all counter-culture and subversive with their hobbies, but as disruptive a technology Bitcoin is it's just not politically disruptive. Most of the few establishment risks that go along with Bitcoin apply doubly to cash, the others apply to other valuable commodities that goverments can't just create out of thin air. The motivation to attack just isn't there. Er. Something doesn't have to be a _currency_ to report capital gains on them! http://www.irs.gov/publications/p550/ch04.html#en_US_2011_pu... "For the most part, everything you own and use for personal purposes, pleasure, or investment is a capital asset. Some examples are: [...] Any property you own is a capital asset, except the following noncapital assets." The definition of 'valid' is adapted by the system so that on a long term average the rate of new solutions is one per ten minutes. (The mental model of 'brute force a valid hash' is often unhelpful. Most people think of "given Y find a specific X such that H(X)=Y", Bitcoin is more like "Given P,B,T find any X,Y such that H(Time||P||H(B||X)||Y) Bitcoin mining is stochastic, and for a given current difficult each calculation performed by anyone has an equal very small probability of being a solution. Like throwing dice and trying to get a 1. If Alice mines 10x faster than Bob then Alice will find, on average, 10x more solutions.