FYI: Big Ball of Mud has two meanings. The one author uses and Lisp meaning. "APL is like a beautiful diamond - flawless, beautifully symmetrical. But you can't add anything to it. If you try to glue on another diamond, you don't get a bigger diamond. Lisp is like a ball of mud. Add more and it's still a ball of mud - it still looks like Lisp." - unknown (alternatively Lisp is bean bag because it always returns to its original shape) He uses big ball of mud is a software system that lacks a perceivable architecture. Lisp BBoM is not lacking architecture. In the Lisp use of the term it means that you can extend the system incredibly without losing the "Lispiness". It looks and feels the same after extensions (if those extensions are done right). In Lisp building complex framework don't suddenly turn your programming xml-file configuration and annotating for code generators. This infographic gets metric prefix wrong. Kilobyte 1000 bytes, symbol: kB Kilobyte (kibibyte) for 1024 bytes, symbol: KB or KiB Same for all other prefixes. Kafkaesque. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kafkaesque#Legacy I think this might be good time to mention HiBase and Shades projects and related research for data structures and functional programming environments. http://www.cs.hut.fi/~siva/hibase/ HiBase was project funded by Nokia. The Goal was to develop a persistent functional programming environment with for telecom environments. The reason why it was functional was the observation that in functional programming environment you can model data as graph where references point only backwards in time. In other words, if you just constantly write your data into the database and have smart GC, you can recover very fast from crashes. Just like telecom environment likes it. The project was canceled, some say for reasons to do with internal company politics, but it showed huge promise. It was already 10X faster than competing commercial databases that were tweaked by their developers to perform well in testing. The author argues that when string processing becomes complicated, it does not matter and incorrect results are usually OK. Everybody knows about Bobby Tables? How about Mr. เจ้าพระยาบดินทรเดชา Unicode? What if somebody told you that if certain exotic names are entered into the system by certain input method, government officials can't find those people in their searches, including full text search to a police report? Progressives? Did you know that Friedrich Hayek and Milton Friedman supported the idea? Negative income tax is one way to implement basic income. There are others. Because they are not the same concept. Universal Artificial Intelligence is not same as Human Level Artificial intelligence. There is no reason to assume that human intelligence is universal. Or intelligence is biased towards picking berries and avoiding bears in three dimensional world. I find the argument for minerals to be off at least few orders of magnitudes financially, >"The Moon is full of resources - mainly rare earth elements, titanium, and uranium, which the Earth is really short of, and these resources can be used without limitation. Titanium is ninth-most abundant element in the Earth's crust. Normal soil contains 0.5% - 1.5% titanium. All we need is energy for the process of separating them. Rare earth elements are expensive but not so expensive that we need to go to the moon. After we have used all conventional mines for rare earth, we can get them from the bottom of the sea more economically (see for example: http://www.nature.com/news/2011/110703/full/news.2011.393.ht... ) Uranium would be incredibly expensive if it would be mined on the moon. In theory HE3 mining could be viable, unless investments in deuterium+tritium fusion reactor that would produce HE3 for helium reactors is better investment. Even then, building separate deuterium-tritium fusion reactors that produce He3 for He-He fusion reactors could be more financially sound idea. >country with stark poverty for most of its rural majority is a sign of China's tyrannical government China lifted more than 600 million people out of poverty between 1981 and 2004. The ongoing Chinese urbanization effort is massive. From 2010 to 2025, 300 million Chinese (little less than US population) now living in rural areas will move into cities. China has tyrannical government, but it's not incompetent like it was during the Mao era. They know that they can keep the power only as long as they keep making things better for majority of people. If they fuck up, no security apparatus can keep people from toppling them. China must ensure that China has the energy needed to reduce poverty and increase living standards. The great sucking noise in Africa is part of that, so is the conflict in the China Sea. If they look for the Moon for resources, that's not surprising. Was your intention to compare gold and DOW as investments for long term? In that case you should ask question: "What is the price of Dow Jones Industrial Average dividends reinvested in ounces of gold?" In long term, the majority of value in stock markets comes from dividends. That does not show in stock price graphs. This is how lazy Haskell programmers solve every problem. I don't understand the challenge part. Why don't people with bad hearing go nuts in normal quiet rooms if not hearing anything is so challenging? If Bitcoin drops to around $200, it's just following long term exponential growth trend with of booms and corrections. If Bitcoin drops much below $100 we can talk about crash. Many parts with Oberon system would have been perfect for passing code around in the the Internet. The one pass compiler, for example, was lightening fast and compact. I think Oberon system is worth of study. Either they are going to be autonomous or this will be very expensive delivery system. One man attending one package delivery for 20-30 minutes will not do. If they have human involvement, it's just checking the drop point. In any case, it will be extremely low paid job. London suffered from bad smogs almost century before they did anything to them. Great Smog was just one incident. sci-fi? It's more like reminder from the history. Rapid industrialization and increase in living standards seems to follow familiar pattern. Great Smog of London documentary https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vkx-2mT1-q4 Investment idea: Companies that manufacture sulfur dioxide scrubbers for coal plants. The way 80% of real real world (non academic) data mining problems are solved: 1. Feature selection. 2. intelligent data massage. Real world data has usually noise that humans can easily identify as irrelevant or erroneous. 3. logit regression. Starting with simple, well understood algorithms first should be the second lesson after knowing about validation sets. In those cases where they are not enough, they set the baseline for comparison against other algorithms. Average income, average net wealth and now average inheritance. I'm sure that numerically literate HN readers understand why these numbers are misleading. Especially when you use them to compare America to other countries. Arithmetic mean does not give you look into life of average American. Median should be used instead. You are assuming that English and international use of the term democracy was developed by American and for America. That's not the case. The evolution of the use of the word happened in England and France. Frenchman Marquis d’Argenson (1694-1757) was first to define representative democracy in the way it's used today. Using coding examples like conditional compilation is not right abstraction for programmers to understand how genes compute. GRN is. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_regulatory_network https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_regulatory_network#Modell... GRN can be modeled using different levels of abstraction and accuracy as boolean network , recurrent neural network or as stochastic gene networks. In other words, they are capable of complex computations, but computational model looks more like neural network or stochastic network. The way OO is used in real world, classes encapsulate spaghetti code into smaller chunks. It has been reasonably successful, but good module system can do the same thing. Personally, I like the Alan Kay's definition: >OOP to me means only messaging, local retention and protection and hiding of state-process, and extreme late-binding of all things. It can be done in Smalltalk and in LISP. There are possibly other systems in which this is possible, but I'm not aware of them. http://userpage.fu-berlin.de/~ram/pub/pub_jf47ht81Ht/doc_kay... If? Correct me if I'm wrong, but Snowden has not published anything really critical about NSA surveillance on China, Russia, Iran, etc. His risk/reward calculation seems to be on line with mine. Of course his leaks do some damage to U.S. foreign policy, but that's acceptable collateral damage. His leaks help to shape the power balance between government and citizens in liberal democracies. Even if he was doing sabotage. It would be morally acceptable in his case. Systematic surveillance in this scale changes power balance between government and citizens very fundamental way. Please provide exact document where he reveals documents about spying China, Russia etc. that are not linked to domestic spying. >At this point, he is a spy from every angle you look at it. Remember that not even U.S. government is not charging him from being a spy. First thing that comes to mind is cheap optical sensors. I think you can even use small laser/ir led and detect the reflected light because distances are so short. If you want to detect direction with single sensor, you might want to use optical modulator (rotating reticle) just like many IR guided missiles do. Maybe the reticle could even be tiny rotating rotor powered by the air. Tactics should be same as real missiles have. Approach others from below if possible so that signals from ground can't mess the signal. Calibrate against sky before flight. You should also make sure that the plane does not chase sun or moon. Oracle is not the villain. Oracle is irrelevant. MySQL has new name: MariaDB https://mariadb.org/ It's developed by many of the original authors of MySQL. You should use optical filters if possible to filter unwanted wavelengths and receiver should have relatively narrow field of view. The main goal would be to detect difference from the background. Rotating reticle would be really good idea if you can make it work mechanically. You would need only one light sensor to detect direction if you use reticle. See: http://wiki.scramble.nl/index.php/Sidewinder_article#Reticle Simple C type reticle would be enough to separate target from the background and find out the direction of the target. You are using reddit wrong. You don't have to use Reddit in default setting. Unsubscribe from everything and then select those subreddits that are nice. You don't have to look at comments if you don't like their contents. There are several nice and tightly moderated reddits that are great. For example /r/askhistorians and /r/askscience and several others. I have a question. Can government issue gag order to security firm doing audit and prevent them from releasing backdoors or intentional weaknesses they discover? It's called formula 1 for a reason. No rules would lead to dull competitions and bankruptcies. There has been times with less rules and it does not work. 1. Cars would be clued to the road with massive downforce and it would look like they are on track in turns. Very boring races without overtakes. Races would be determined in time trials. 2. Building competitive car would be even more expensive than it is now. There would be only few competitive teams, some years maybe only one. 3. Several teams would eventually drop out because racing would be too expensive. This is not sarcasm. These are still problems with F1. The reason why these rules are needed is because F1 racing has been in the constant "getting out of hand" state since 80's. Some races from the ground effect era 1977 to 1982 were ridiculous. Wing-profiled sidepods sealed to the ground by sliding lexan skirts. It took gigantic amount of rules changes to cover all loopholes. Learning something that takes time should be seen as investment. If you invest your time and effort, you want to know that your investment pays dividends in the future. I feel that Emacs is one of those tools where my investment is safe and the code I write to ~/.emacs produces huge value over several decades. It's not going away. Development community is so big that it supports all new stuff that comes along. May I present one of the greatest math books for general audience: Mathematics: Its Content, Methods and Meaning by A. D. Aleksandrov, A. N. Kolmogorov, M. A. Lavrent’ev. http://www.amazon.com/Mathematics-Its-Content-Methods-Meanin... Math books rarely move from the Soviet Union to west, but this did and for really good reason. Just look at the list of writers included. So far I have not seen any math books that come even close to this. Reading this book together with the The Princeton Companion to Mathematics was real treat. The Princeton Companion is more like encyclopedia. Main part of the book is articles describing 100 or so mathematical concepts in alphabetical orders. Then it has articles describing major mathematical problems. Hyperinflation can only occur in cases where debt is in foreign currencies. For example the German hyperinflation was started by "London ultimatum" that demanded reparations in gold or foreign currency. >I also often want less noise--ie no parentheses. You have not reached Lisp enlightenment yet. Because you use Emacs, you can get shortcut to enlightenment by choosing color for parentheses that almost hides them to the background. US spied French aerospace industry in 90's and there is no indication that they won't do it every time they feel US might get advantage from it. A/B testing is not the correct way to test what is objectively better. As we can read from here, people often have personal preferences to what they are used to and think are best. Unfortunately what people think is best is not necessarily same as what is objectively best for them. If you put people into usability lab and test their reading speed and reading understanding with different text sizes etc. you get more objective results (that mostly agree with the OP as far as I can remember). Here is good overview of the research: How physical text layout affects reading from screen. http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20060729105544/psychol... This article has no mention of bioaccumulation. Pacific Ocean is so large that it can dilute huge amount of radioactivity, but bioaccumulation changes the story. Without estimates how well these leaks bioaccumulate, the whole article is useless. Humans are at the top of the food chain in the sea and overfishing and exploiting sea life close to it's maximum capacity. In Chernobyl, most of the radioactivity fell into the forests, mostly away from human food chain (there are still recommendations to not eat too much berries, mushrooms etc. in many areas). The Pacific is 100% in human food chain. If by sometimes you mean hypothetically. Still, we don't need to make torture legal. But I bite. Let's say that thing you describe happens. People who torture should still get hard sentences, say 20 to 25 years. If they are not willing to sacrifice their own life and break the law to get the information, the torture is not justified. In other words: torture should always be big personal sacrifice for the torturer. Why not both? ghc compiler in Haskell has -fdefer-type-errors flag. SBCL Common Lisp implementation has option to turn type warnings into errors. Extending -fdefer-type-errors function and creating better type checker for dynamic languages could achieve best of both worlds. You can do those things that are easy to do statically at development/testing time and those thing that are easy to do dynamically in runtime. Some things like overloading based on return values don't work dynamically, but you could either choose to not have them or resolve them in development time. I would like to see languages where dynamic vs. static is continuum and programmers can determine how much they need want case by case basis. UTF-8 is usually good enough in disk. I would like to have at least two options in memory: utf-8 and vector of displayed characters (there's many combinations in use in existing modern languages with no single-character representations in UTF- ).