There's a bigger mistake. If government keeps torturing until all volumes are discovered and unblocked (or until you're dead), than why your points when you have hidden partition are higher, when you don't? Considering this, it is no longer a strictly dominant strategy for you to have it. Was not having one global currency - one of the main reasons to introduce currencies in the first place? All those "national" currencies will be susceptible for 50%+1 attack. No HTTPS. Go and die. The author is short-sighted. He doesn't know any descent modern OO language, but tries to review Swift. Except ARC and syntax differences, it is more like a subset of F# or Scala That's what I said. Swift is a subset of F#/Scala. What are the alternatives? You have to ship secret keys with your app to be able to access public APIs Typical bullshit. How is it related to Hacker News? We did some progress on PhoneGap http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/vstudio/dn722381.aspx FreedomPop Bad title. Article only says about correlation. It's just you > JavaScript will always be the (or, a) scripting language for the browser, and if something new emerges, we will all have plenty of time to prepare. Thing is - what if it already emerged, but you missed that? The whole article seems faulty. At least I fail to see how this experiment proves wrong to use mirror test to check for self-awareness as opposed to proving pigeons can be trained to be self-aware. I bet that Notch will make it free to stay for hackers (in a good sense). This man created the best start for the next generation across the globe. No idea on other stuff, but immobilizer for auto, which is like kill switch for phones, reduced car theft multiple times (3+) since it was introduced. https://archive.org/ BS Great service, guys, but beware of the first waves of fraud. I don't think ECC will help. Where you can flip one memory bit, you can flip two consequently. Nice. But does not scale. Two questions to author: what was his grandfather charged for, and did Soviet slavery machine forced his father to become drunkie? I'm on nightly, and popup is blank for me. Have some extensions though. Clickbait title Did you do double blind? I would say it is still a very big achievement. Imagine you being able to do something you were not before, just thinking about that. Useless site advertising campaign fed up my news feed. Because people from normal langs or without cs background expect type cast roundtrip to return original value if temp type can represent any value of source type (e.g. string can represent any value of bool) > No one believes Putin is a genius Oh, man, I wish this was true. Just like Dmitri back in Russia I tried to prevent elections fraud, and even though I myself got forcibly removed from the site, and my friends recorded fraud, some my other friends did not care. But that's not the worst: some still think Putin is a genius after knowing that! Now I'm in US. Fuck them. I had a similar project in progress, but paper author's university declined to licence technology. Did you somehow managed to convince them, or did you register as non-profit? It is pending. The study itself is behind the paywall, so there's no actual data to discuss. It would be very funny, if the study result was actually produced by a gender difference, rather than a profession. A ton of bullshit in the article, and the cancellation reason is never stated. Why is it even here? Yeah, then call it 'Almost jQuery 100500' Seems like it is a good way to peacefully fight religion. I'm sad to see how children are being deprived from basic rights to freely exchange information. It's not the age, that makes you dumb enough to share something you shouldn't for your own good. This, and enforcing religion on kids by their parents are two things why we, the Internet, should start a campaign for children's rights. If you were drawn to the article, thinking it is about mysterious rock movements on Mars - you got clickbaited. Nothing like that. Just uncommon material. Great article series. Very easy to understand, and brings a lot of inner works of a managed runtime out. Risking get fire for self-adv, but some time ago I made a very simple static HTML-based ePub reader (does not even support contents or pictures), but with some sync over Google Drive. I used it mostly because I have a wide diversity of platforms in my possession, and want to sync between them. Here's the link: https://h5reader.azurewebsites.net/# A commie here. I actually liked Atlas a lot. It still inspires me to do work, rather than sit on my ass. For that I recommend it to people. It is great in that. No so much in 'honest - then, and only then - capitalist' part. Long speeches never bothered though - you can always skip them, because you kinda know what they are talking about for 10 pages. I don't think it is a good thing though. Wind power will not scale to cover humanity's needs for entire 20xx, not to mention 2xxx. I'd rather see all this hype going to fusion research. Not sure this particular algorithm has anything to do about economics, except its author is an economist. I personally believe Transcendence has the most realistic future (if you exclude humanity at the very end of it). No details given. Source? AFAIK most DX12 samples in SDK are not UWP. AFAIK, there are no such features. Desktop app can use any UWP component maybe minus UI controls (but there's WPF) That's not a real solution, because its not scalable. They should literally be scaling horizontally rather than vertically. There's a lot of less densely populated space around. That's not a real solution, because its not scalable. They should literally be scaling horizontally rather than vertically. There's a lot of less densely populated space around. Still NO, Google That is so very true. The worst part is - I had a prototype in 2012, but never actually finished it until now. Hope this will find its place in enterprise, where every dollar matters. That's not so true. I'm usually very annoyed, when navigating my pictures or video collection, and thumbnails appear after several seconds. Same with large folders.