One thing I think that is missing here is that there is a category of app developers which are implementing NEW technologies (Machine vision, AR etc...) which need tons of funding but doesn't necessarily lead to further projects in the way that a true small business does. If people took the poster's approach, then those will never get funded and that technology will either languish or come from bloatware companies. It is hard to get those up and running because it is so leading edge and is not repackaging a social/mobile/local/aggregation etc... service. The whole VC world is looking for the billion dollar exit, which is entirely unsustainable and given it's history doesn't produce the requisite amount of major tech breakthroughs. It still boggles my mind that revenue has not been prioritized with many (most?) of the hottest companies in the last decade. That must be unprecedented at such a scale. That said, I don't think any investor ever thought their investments would have no revenue. I assume they just figured it would come through advertising, inadvertently making every new product a marketing tool. Incidentally PepsiCo released an interesting PDF document which revealed their redesign "process." http://bunnitude.com/misc/files/pepsi_gravitational_field.pd... I think that's the real headline here. I was under the impression that you couldn't install onto a non jailbroken iPhone/iPad without going through apple ( either App Store/AdHoc/Enterprise). This gives me hope that I am significantly wrong on that which would make my life much easier. Can someone confirm that? Thanks, that makes better sense. Since the site is down (HN DDOS) as I write this - I wonder how this compares to what the Manpacks folks are doing. Perhaps just a shorter timeline. That intro video is fantastic. Thanks for introducing this to me. I was at a startup event just yesterday and talked to an aspiring VC about a plan he had to build an incubator of sorts for people to bring ideas to and he and his team would build the team, marketing, production, sales etc... around it and the "founder" would ostensibly run the company and direct the enterprise. So the "founder" only had to bring the idea - and the rest would be done. At the back end, the VC would get their share as all do and the company and founder would be on their way. I have mixed feelings about this approach. On the one hand I think it would be very valuable to have a place where people with legitimately good solid ideas, but no experience could go and have them turn into something real. On the other hand ideas are dime a dozen and really mean nothing without execution - and it's in getting to execution that the product is actually worth anything. Learning all of that "stuff" is the core of what being an entrepreneur is about. Short circuiting that is a recipe for disaster in the long term where you have tons of one hit wonders - that barely get out of beta, or V1 and don't know how to use what they have built to build other things. I think there is value in re-inventing the wheel in most cases because you'll notice, when you have to do that, it's the real smart folks who recognize how the wheel is broken along the way and seek to improve that while developing their original product. That's where the gold is. If the goal is to give everyone a job, we are definitely on the wrong track. We should strive for the world where you don't actually need a job, then all this jobs "gained/lost" talk would be moot. I know I'm not the only one who has read Player Piano. Do you have any reference material or documentation for developing the javascript way? As a fairly new dev I would be interested in seeing that process as most of my "distribute outside of app store on ios" queries to the web say without jailbreaking, its impossible. I can see it now: a Lidar and autonomous system integrated on my Tesla S. This has been known a bit longer than this article mentions. The Western States 100 orginated from the Tevis Cup horse race [1] when Gordy Ainsleigh attempted the race on foot in 1974. While not directly racing horses it was the first known ultradistance man v horse footrace 1: http://www.ontherunevents.com/news/0231/ws01.htm I think that is a poor comparison. I think a better one would be booting someone out of a jury in an auto accident case if they work in/own an insurance agency. The juror has something to gain with the legitimization and precedent that his jury will decide especially in such a high profile case. Diminishingly so for someone in an auto case. So they are slowly moving towards a smaller iPad. >No RC Li-Po batteries incorporate Smart Battery controllers What technical impediment is preventing someone from building said controller? > But organic options may live up to their billing of lowering exposure to pesticide residue and antibiotic-resistant bacteria That is the entire point of buying organic. I dont know anyone (sampling bias) that thinks organic has anything to do with nutrient content. That's what non-gmo is for* * in some cases So, this seems fairly intuitive to me - mostly because I have been trying to build one of these for predicting strategic actions by states ie: when is x country going to launch a missile. I am curious what they are using as their heuristics for developing solutions and how they are determining confidence intervals (my guess: number of samples). It is actually pretty easy to build a process that "fills in the blanks" the hard part, obviously is getting those blanks correctly. In my experience that takes a fairly deep set of expert opinions and coherent "causal" node programmatics which have assigned confidence intervals. Not to mention the fact that people are going to be scrutinizing this data and if it is wrong, they are going to lose faith in the system, and quickly. When you talk about implementing this on databases however, either the blanks which are being filled need to not be critical processes which require precision or they need to iterate corrections very quickly. In the end I think this is useful for non-critical products which users can correct if necessary. If however they have a novel solution with a significant history of "right" answers, they may be onto something in machine learning. It's always possible to create an index fund portfolio. Buying really isn't worth anything if you never plan to sell however...so. California and the entire southwest however, have garages; which serve the same purpose with respect to the entrepreneur assertion. So I wouldn't go debunking anything so quickly. Basically: "He made it all about 'me' and that's the thing, as an investor, I love the most." In all seriousness if you truly want to know how to do something great, go to someone who has done something similar successfully before and soak up their knowledge. At the end of the day though, if you want someone you don't know who has never heard of you to invest in you, you have to stroke their ego a bit. These principals apply equally within large organizations too. So once your startup is humming and a few years, even decades old, you now have an HR department and a law firm who works solely on your suits, remember these things. The difference however is that instead of a new and massive muscle movement, it will be refining and pruning the tree to make things more efficient, cost effective and empowering. Perhaps I am mistaken however no one is calling anything dead, they are simply switching strategies. In my opinion B2B wins hands down when the product could be used equally by businesses and consumers at a minimum. When I started VisiDraft a year and a half ago, my strategy was B2B because my clientele would be using the product for work. I could as easily have structured my plan to have a consumer facing application but based on what I encountered it was a no brainer. Microsoft, Apple, HP, IBM all of these name makers started as B2B companies. Why? Several reasons. You only have to sell to a few people, making your traction and revenues immediately positive. In addition, it allows a much more intimate feedback loop for iterations when you actually work hand in hand with another business designing solutions for them. you are basically getting another partner with domain expertise - you don't get that with B2C. It allows you to grow without losing a huge chunk of your business - in my experience most companies don't want anything to do with owning a chunk of a start up. I am quite confident that no one is saying that B2C is over, and in fact a good number of software developments don't fit into a B2B model. Where there is equal ability to face consumers or other businesses, I will always opt to the business. The last thing I will say is: Businesses around the world are sitting on +2T in cash right now. VC's aren't anywhere close to that and they rely on consumers to go buy things, which is looking pretty flat currently at least in the US. Go where the money is. There is a massive difference between domain specification based on comparative advantage and economically irrational behavior, so let's not give too much validity to these decisions even if we are speaking about subjective decisions. It could be claimed that the "effect" that they get from the purchase or the cachet that comes from owning this Veblen good outweighs the $50 in marginal cost. I would argue however that it remains irrational, but well within the range of irrational behaviors that humans exhibit more or less constantly. Wasn't app.net largely using similar sounding arguments to reasonable effect? This isn't anything new. >I want to be really clear: Instagram has no intention of selling your photos, and we never did. So they have come out directly and said they don't have a way to make money then? >Nor do the limits themselves have any effect whatsoever, since there is no oversight whatsoever What kind of specific oversight would you be satisfied with? There are after all FISA Courts explicitly for the oversight purpose: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Foreign_Intellige... It's clearly at the request of said capitalists, what with rent seeking behavior, quest for monopoly power and whatnot. At the D.C. TechMeetup groups you can always expect to have a public policy aspect to the tech offerings the problem is the majority of these fail. As someone who works in the government and is part of the start-up culture, I can tell you: these attempts are typically terrible at coming up with ways to blend tech and bureaucracy. I have no idea why. Well, not no idea. I think the main hurdles are as follows: 1. The people who make the best change in industries or start-ups are people who have been working in it a while. 2. Few people who have worked in government are the types to become high-growth entrepreneurs. They exist but in general the mindsets are reciprocals. 3. It takes a long time (in start-up time) to understand how a federal/state/local government does things. Anyone who wants to make a mark from the outside isn't going to identify a problem/solution efficiently. So anyone who has a real solution has likely been in government for 5-10 years and is established in a comfortable position - not likely to break out. Not only that they probably have schooling in something political science-y/history/etc.. versus math/CS/physics 4. As a general rule, it takes a long time (infinitely long in start-up time) to actually get a federal/state/local government to implement anything. Part of this is by design and the other part is incompetence or ignorance because they have... 5. Really really poor understanding of how to implement technology. For example $25,000 for a shitty 4 page web 1.0 government website because that is what was budgeted and Booz Allen took the contract because... 6. ...they promised to make the whole thing comply with the IT requirements (ie: IE7 is the most recent browser) and security requirements. So yea. It's kind of hard to solve tech problems for the government. Even moreso, having whole programs handed over from the government to a bunch of 18-30 year old's who haven't made all the right friends and gone to the right schools. Those were my exact initial thoughts. I am surprised this isn't the most highlighted aspect to be honest. Nothing new here. School isn't for learning. it's for learning how to "toil." http://www.overcomingbias.com/2010/08/school-isnt-about-lear... Exactly my thoughts, HubSpot is just over 300 people. That's tiny. I think these recommendations are too vague for truly large organizations like Google, Cisco, MSFT etc... C.R.E.A.M. my friend, it all comes back to the C.R.E.A.M. If you take out the ones who were billionaires by inheritance, and then look at those under 50, all but 5 are well connected beneficiaries of the fall of the Soviet Union. The other 5 made their money in IT (Dell, Bezos, Zuck, Brin, Page). >I'm sorry, but there's no way that any person's individual contributions to society are worth 3-4 orders of magnitude more than most other people's. Why not? Just because it was likely timing, doesn't make the impact less great. Your point seems to be that such a person isn't inherently that much better than someone else. Ok, but no one is inherently that great. 90% of "making it" in any of the senses is timing and placement, so it's really all relative. By being able to post on HN you are about the same magnitude "better off" in real wealth terms compared to a man in the Shomali plains than a billionaire is to you. Does that make your accomplishments better compared to that Afghani man's? I find this a sad commentary about your (and certainly others) relationship with your clients. This a month and a half after Boeing/Lockheed was derisive about Musk publicly: http://go.bloomberg.com/political-capital/2012-12-18/musk-vs... >Enterprise sales is undergoing the most radical shakeup since the turn of the century, and today’s experiments will be tomorrow’s best practices Ok, so what are some examples of this radical shaking? The author gives plenty of examples of the old guys "new ways" - back when they were new - but I am not seeing the new radical-ness described the article or the one linked. I wish this meme would die. It really just taints everything we are trying to do with Strong AI. England served jail time and was dishonorably discharged. The others in Abu Ghraib were also punished in accordance with General Court Martial proceedings, so I'm not seeing the "ZERO punishment" part of that. I am missing the part where I am morally impelled to subsidize poor decision making. This applies specifically to the flood plain example - though there are some corollaries to health care; eg. people eat bad food and smoke etc... which leads to increased costs. The post states that flood plain knowledge is high - and the data is easily available. So why should I help someone if they are knowingly taking a risk? The point of taking a risk after a risk-benefit assessment is that there is a payoff that would be greater with the risk than without it. If you shift the cost of the risk away from the principal agent, then there is no impetus to optimize your decision. So again, why should I absorb your risk if significant and verifiable information is available? So the healthcare system - as described here - is largely benefiting the living members of the dying by helping them cope and transition into death. That is what I took away from this article. Great example of why Google's driver-less cars will be so successful, overall safer and why we should engineer our systems to remove as much complexity as possible for the users. The author mentions it at the end but this schedule is really only good for the asocial. I submit that unless you truly have a aversion to social interaction, it will get lonely. I know this because I used to work night shifts and pretty much had this schedule. You end up losing the period of socialization which is typically 4-10PM, where people go to dance classes, have dinners with friends, go get drinks etc... and things feel lonely. Prerna is a good CEO and did some great things at Khush which helped her acquisition. Even still this intro is maddening: >The freedom to work outside a traditional office was one of the main reasons I left the corporate world eight years ago, at age 23, to start a software company. Maddening because she spent about a year in that "corporate world." Hardly a good sampling period. I don't disagree with her conclusions, however to cast that wide of a net seems a little cheap considering not all business structures and markets are conducive to the same flexibility "knowledge workers" have. Got it, Start up a bunch of day care centers (People seem to love to play with their kids on the weekend). > There are regional shortages, but in the vast majority of cases that's a corruption and infrastructure problem. This can also be said for most things which the globe has major problems with: Food, Education, Electricity etc... Don't forget, that 1C of potable water also took quite a bit of electricity and infrastructure to make clean (assuming we are discussing most modern western water systems based on water treatment and not pure well water). It is worthwhile, to examine how necessary aspects of our consumption are, in order to be more efficient and use fewer resources. >I think the first thing people should ask themselves is: Why are you trying to get into this scene without any skills? For the same reasons anyone with no skills gets into anything. Some people glamorize things they don't know, others have a passion but were slow starters, other still know there is gold there, but don't have the experience to understand how to get it. I think the best thing is to be able to weed out the ones who truly are passionate about technology and are willing to learn. I would take someone super enthusiastic with an aptitude for learning and no technical skills over most others any other day. I would also point out that the author implicitly suggests no technical skill = no skills, though it could simply be sloppy writing. The community definitely needs more blog entries telling non-technical people to learn how to code. I think this is good advice but I have to nitpick one thing: as a former music director for a popular indie rock station, I have to disagree that listening to new music all day is "The coolest full-time job in the world." Joking aside, we adhere to his/pg's do more work principle almost to a fault. I constantly try to make it such that my customers have to do as little as possible to get our products to work for them and so far that has proven valuable.