Yes, but if you solve that problem, it implicitly means that you have a fingerprint of me that can be correlated across the web. So, next time I access a different game, someone can know that I'm the same person who bought the original, and perhaps try to persuade me based on that. Whether anyone does so or not is irrelevant - the only way I can try to ensure it doesn't happen is to try to never leak this data about myself. And how are PPAs fundamentally different from downloading a Windows installer from the Internet? If I download the installer from the maintainer's site, there's 0 risk (assuming HTTPS). And the site giving the PPA link is just as likely to be a phishing site as the the one serving some exe. Except browsers will sometimes warn on strange executables, whereas none do on misleading PPA links. > Many languages don't have an IDE. Many are not suitable for one (especially ones closer to Lisp on expressiveness spectrum). This is a minor point of your comment, but I'd like to refute it: Lispers actually often cite IDE integration as one of the great features of Lisp. It may have lost pace a bit with some of the very best modern ones, but Lisps have had "modern" IDEs since about the 70s or 80s, with stuff like jumping to function definitions, finding usages of a function, looking up the docs etc. Even better, this is usually a part of the language runtime (predating most other language servers by quite a bit), so it can even apply to dynamic uses. On the one hand, giving disabled people some activity that helps them be independent and care for themselves sounds great! On the other hand, the idea that this could become a weapon against disabled people (why are you staying on benefits? go out and get a job for yourself, you lazy paraplegic!) is... scary. Especially given that it sounds mostly like a marketing gimmick, and that the very thing allowing them to interact with the world is not their own, but property of the store owners - i.e. they can't take the robot and move to a different caffe, they are tied to the benevolence of their boss. Overall, this is much more distopic than utopic, and should be discouraged in this form; but the technology is interesting and could be an asset in the lives of many people. The problem is also that Lambda works really poorly with anything that is NOT Cognito and DynamoDB. For example, we were using some CouchBase we deployed ourselves - however, that meant that the Lambda now had a network interface in a private subnet, and start times skyrocketed, especially for concurrent access. When we also started doing our own authentication with yet another Lambda, request times for cold lambdas (which also means every new concurrent connection, remember) almost doubled. There's also the fact that most of the code isn't really gone, it's just transformed from web server logic to lambda deployment/configuration logic. The biggest win all told seems to be security - at least with Lambda you don't need to worry about staying on top of OS updates and the likes. I'm not at all convinced that we gained much of anything else. Oh, and one thing that's rarely discussed is how much development&qa costs skyrocket when you have a larger team developing a fully serverless application, each with their own setup and running a few performance tests every few months... 10 things Jefferson would have thought about Lincoln! You won't BELIEVE number 7! > composing tiny bits is always good, whether it's unix commands, lisp functions, or forth words The problem with this type of thinking is that "composing tiny bits" is obviously good to anyone. BUT there are vast differences between composing unix commands and composing lisp functions (and composing tiny JS libraries in NPM etc.) and some of these are good, while some are not. It's actually very difficult to properly create a system out of composable, re-usable components. I would actually say that Unix pipes are a particularly bad model of how to do that (as are NPM micro-libraries). No well-defined interfaces, arcane naming etc. - they are all reasons why most modern versions of these tools have grown and grown. There's a wonderful quote about things like this in the Unix Hater's Handbook: > However, since joining this discussion, a lot of Unix supportershave sent me examples of stuff to “prove” how powerful Unix is.These examples have certainly been enough to refresh my memory:they all do something trivial or useless, and they all do so in a veryarcane manner. The problem with this line of thinking is that everything we do in our lives, especially rational thought and communication based on it, pre-supposes some sense of free will. In particular, it is well known that if you don't believe in any degree of free will, the stranger quantum effects (or basically any kind of statistical thinking) can be ignored - if the experiment to be run is itself pre-determined, then hidden variables that correlate the behavior of the experiment with the 'decisions' of the experimenter can't be ruled out anymore. Perhaps more fundamentally, if you believe that there is absolutely no free will, then of course this conversation is essentially pointless, eve though we were forced into it by the big bang. While being low-hanging fruit, these things are also fully irrelevant. If the entire world stopped using them tomorrow, it would barely be a blip on any climate model or ocean pollution model. It's actually due to the undecidability results that there can't be a general algorithm to predict the result of any algorithm. If the problem were merely NP-complete, it would mean that, as far as we know, it would take a very long time to do it, but it would still possible. Well, if you had generics, you could do that. Without generics, you get to either (a) write an efficient method that merges 2 lists of Foos, which is not really package-and-reuse material, or (b) write a horribly inefficient method that merges 2 lists of some interface type, forcing your users to copy their data to new slices every time (since an []x is never an []y). Faced with these 2 wonderful options, most people simply decide to copy or write again the same piece of code... Go's big advantage over other memory managed languages is the very low overhead of its runtime - a hello world Go app is probably less than 5MB on disk with all dependencies, and takes up less than 5 MB of RAM. This is absolutely wonderful if you want an architecture of many independent containerized apps, especially with something like Kubernetes or Docker Swarm. Compared to that, the smallest Java container on the classic Docker repos is about 90MB in size and takes up a few tens of MB RAM. Apparently there is a new Java project [1] floating around that is promising a way to use Java exactly in this use case, but I haven't played around with it. [1]: https://quarkus.io/ If we want to avoid the worse effe ts of climate change, we need to do something at the level of industry, not consumers. As individuals, that means we must focus on political efforts, much more than personal efforts: vote for a 'green' candidate even if you stand to lose from their financial policies; convince your friends to do the same. Call your representatives when green laws are voted on. I'm not saying it's bad to do the small things. But it is bad to assume that if only everyone did the small things, the world would be better without having to do the big things as well - it wouldn't. As long as industry continues to be as wasteful as it is, as long as we continue to transport goods over the huge distances that we do, as long as we still grow the huge amounts of animals that go to waste, we are heading for catastrophe regardless of our everyone's individual actions. That could work, but it is painfully slow,and it might as well backfire - making people live worse lives so that they might be politically motivated to make industry take some of the brunt is not an obvious next step. Also, any reasonable changes to your personal buying behavior, and absolutely everyone on the planet's as well, assuming 0 changes in, say, industrial fishing dumping practices, will produce about a 0% change in ocean plastic pollution. I know Go encourages copying code, but that is a well known anti-pattern in all other language communities,one of the few with some research behind it (as someone else mentioned, basically the only quantitative science we have on software engineering says that more code implies more bugs). The idea of []Eq sounds nice, but again, the problem is that I can't pass an []X to a function that wants an []Eq, I need to build a new array and copy all my elements over. This is correct from the type-theory point of view (as slices are not covariant) , but of course Go doesn't offer anything else that would be more user friendly and still correct, such as a covariant read-only slice that we could use instead. Hey, I said 'over other memory managed languages'! I really wouldn't compare it to one of the tiniest languages this side of asm. I also think Forth would be a harder sell in a corporation than Go. Or C++. Or ASM, probably. > Heck, the author praises Rust and it's memory safety, but then proceeds to criticise Rust compiler because, as he puts it, the compiler will stop you from doing unsafe studf again and again. Isn't that the whole point? Or is anyone expecting that your memory corruption problems will magically cease because you write your same old memory allocation and access bugs in Rust instead of C or C++? I think the biggest problem with advanced type systems and complex compiler checks is that they are only desirable when you know the code you're writing is the the right one. A lot of the time, you're exploring a solution and don't care about edge cases, since you're not sure you've even found the right happy path. At this stage, you don't really care if your code is handling all required inputs, if it doesn't have leaks etc. - you just want to run it and see whether it at least sometimes produces the right output. At this stage, you're often fighting the compiler. Once you know that you're on a good path, then you start caring about safety and all the other bits, and the compiler starts becoming a trusted friend. It would be really interesting to have a system that supported both modes, e.g. starting from Rust but setting a flag to turn borrow checker errors into warnings or something similar. I'd bet that would change many people's perspectives, like the author of this article. I don't have a problem with strong types, I agree with you. Dynamic types are usually too much hassle even for prototypes. I was talking more about stuff like Rust's borrow checker or dependent type systems. I never said anything about a release - I'm not even thinking about code you would commit. I'm talking about the kind of coding where you're exploring a new feature on your own machine - essentially doodling in an IDE instead of on paper. It makes no sense to me to make such code 'correct' - I don't even know if its useful to any extent, why would I care about its correctness? What exactly is crazy in the GDPR? To me it seems like minimal common sense: If you are collecting data about me for your own profit, you should ask me if I'm OK with it before collecting it and you should be responsible with how you are storing it. To have any hope of enforcing this, I should have a right to ask you what data you hold about me and I should be able to withdraw consent if I no longer like your practices. Businesses that only make sense financially if they can gobble up user data without their consent and sell it to third parties should not exist, just as businesses that can only work financially by not paying their workers should not exist. What of this is crazy? I can't comment on the parts about psychiatry and recreational drug use. However, machine learning and other AI technologies have nothing to do with the study and understanding of the human mind at this point, beyond a very vague metaphor. While in theory AI could have been explored as a science, trying perhaps to simulate human or animal thought processes in hopes of understanding them and perhaps coming up with useful abstractions that could help us reason about them, the field has never really evolved in that direction. At Apple's level, they're probably only concerned with these amounts like that famous government spending admonition - I understand it's just a billion dollars, but a billion here, a billion there, soon we'll start talking about real money. Minor nitpick: URLs do tend to be used with the larger scope first (i.e. /resource/child/subchild). Domain names are the odd exception. The only science we have at the moment whose area of expertise covers this issue relevantly is the somewhat dubious social science, which has been researching the issue and has some amount of consensus on it. Is true that the social sciences are relatively weak compared to things like physics and even biology. But that doesn't mean we should wait for the physics community to reach a consensus on transgenderism, any more than we should wait for the biology or neuroscience communities. It's a separate area of knowledge that we just don't understand yet enough to have the amount of rigour about that we expect from physics. That doesn't mean that our attempts in this direction don't qualify as science,or that the consensus of the social science community can't be called scientific consensus. Yes, but the range of what 'static typing' means is so large that it is meaningless in this case. C is statically typed, and so are Java and OCaml. So is Idris. Of these, only Idris' type system has any power to model truly interesting properties (though the cost of doing so, in program complexity, is huge). Otherwise, even something as simple as rejecting `add(x, y) return x - y;` as a well typed function is beyond all of the others. No, I'm saying that there is no way to encode even such a simple property as 'addition of two numbers produces a bigger number' in the type systems of most languages out there (including stuff like the ML family), which is probably why (non-dpendent/linear/other advanced) type systems have never been shown to improve program correctness the way other formal techniques have. Even simple type systems help in other ways (ease of development, documentation, performance). Well, not ones as efficient as the one showed here, since those can't be expressed in the language as it currently stands. There is a misunderstanding here: the 'COPY FROM ... PROGRAM' command, according to both the vulnerability and the postgres article, only allows running commands as the OS user running the server process, NOT a superuser (also, Postgres won't start if you try to start it as root). The confusion probably comes from the notion of a 'database superuser' - the point is that any DB user with enough privileges to run COPY FROM ... PROGRAM can also do anything else in the DB, so they are already considered a DB superuser. Quote from the article : > By design, there exists no security boundary between a database superuser and the operating system user the server runs under. As such, by design the PostgreSQL server is not allowed to run as an operating system superuser (e.g. "root"). Well, I was right, there was a misunderstanding - on my part, obviously. Basically, you were discussing a mechanism for allowing non-admin DB users to safely run COPY FROM... PROGRAM? Wait, you're actually serious? This is the man who tweeted 'covfefe' you're talking about... A sentence must have a subject and a predicate, and a verb in the infitive form can't be a predicate (it's usually going to be some kind of complement). 'Fix the bug' is usually taken to be a sentence describing what you meant the commit to do, which is why the imperative is the more likely interpretation. It is completely unreasonable - people are allowed to have dual citizenships, sometimes even by birth. And of course you can follow two sets of laws at once - for example, fundamentalist Christians strive to follow biblical laws and local laws all the time. There may be occasional contradictions, but it's hardly a common problem. It's just so hard to imagine, at least in the current version of the world, a problem for which a distributed trust algorithm is the right solution, instead of a centralized one, probably state-owned if high levels of trust are needed. This is especially true given the advantages that a trusted authority has over blind consensus (e.g. the ability to revert fraudulent transactions). > "heavily leverage parallelism, yet completely hide it"? lazy evaluation? This sound like functional languages. I agree with your general comment, but this statement seems a bit optimistic on the functional languages side. Lazy-evaluation? Haskell does it, but most other functional languages don't. Heavily leverage parallelism but hide it - this is often touted as an advantage of pure functional languages, but from what I've heard, in practice it has never panned out, at least if I'm interpreting it correctly as automatic parallelization. Turns out, while the compiler can prove it would be safe to do so, a lot of the time it would massively hurt performance, and the compiler can't tell when that is the case or not. So, even in a language like Haskell, you still have to explicitly parallelize code, think about chunking etc. And if we stray from pure parallelism and into concurrency, all of the problems of having to do explicit synchronization come back, you just have less to worry about with no(/less) shared state. Funny thing, one langauge that does 'leverage parallelism, but hide it' is x86_64 assembly, where the processor automatically executes (parts of) assembly instructions in parallel, based on data dependencies and available compute ports. Except that you don't have any solution for preventing squatting or other kinds of domain abuse. By design, they place this system above the court system. I'm pretty sure this is only appealing to some kind of anarcho-technologists. Well, an example would be the US in the 50s,60s and 70s. What do you mean by a white list? The connections are coming from local host (from your browser). The fact that they were initiated by code which was downloaded from malware.com is not knowable to docker. How is a completely free market insulated from the influence of marketing/advertising? They are very effective techniques for convincing buyers to choose non-optimal products, and work exceedingly well in that regard. I also think you would find it very hard to point at an example of a working free market that has not devolved into an oligopoly, with no govrnment support at all; nevermind one that has produced large-scale wealth. CORS applies only to JS code - sites can still issue cross-origin GETs and POSTs via HTML, using Forms for example. Not sure whether there is enough control on the format to actually issue a valid Docker request. Still, it's generally a pretty bad idea to have an unauthenticated service running on localhost which can perform arbitrary operations on the system - you're depending on all other software running on the system not to transform that into a vulnerability. What you're saying sounds nice, but it seems to come from a world before Spectre, Meltdown, and all the new discoveries since. These have basically shown that it is impossible to build this sandbox on the modern processors that everybody uses from desktops to cloud data centers. Instead, the only way of having a performant, secure system today is to disable hardware mitigations and ensure you only run trusted software, the opposite of your proposal. The sandbox still helps for other issues (e.g. buffer overflows). Thanks for the link, but it mostly disproves your dismissive attitude: according to the report, posts generated by accounts controller by the Russian company reached 29 million people on Facebook alone (and " may have reached an estimated 126 million people."), with hundreds of thousands of direct followers for several individual accounts. That is not nothing. Isn't C++ committee-driven, which could be considered a type of democratic process? Or would that not be considered an open-source project? On that note, I also seem to remember that LLVM/Clang are pretty democratic, but I haven't dug deeply and may be completely wrong. That's still years after it was pointed out as a problem; and it still hasn't permeated to many Go projects. MongoDB was already AGPL, but that didn't suffice. Amazon simply took the free version of MongoDB, as is, deployed it on its systems in a scalable way, and sold that to customers. They gave the code for MongoDB away, per the terms of the AGPL. Hence, the need for a new license. However, they seem to have kept the deployment infrastructure as a trade secret, and since that didn't interact directly with MongoDB's interfaces, it șes that it really didn't come under the scope of the AGPL. Paper voting is pretty effective at preventing mass election hacking. Software can never prevent mass election hacking, as hardware can always deliberetly miss-implement your algorithm. I'm also curious what is supposed to happen if you go check, and your vote doesn't match. Sure, the government investigates, but, a, why would you trust the government, and b, why would they trust that you weren't simply paid to cast doubt on the election? The point is that those events, in the context of Christian thought, are seen as good - their god is telling his people to clear some unbelievers. Christian dogma maintains that their god and his commandments are fundamentally moral, that they are the very base for objective morality. In Christian thought, by definition, anything that their god wanted to happen is good. Norse religions, on the other hand, make no such claims about their gods. Within the context of Norse beliefs and religious moraloty, Odin has done evil things, Loki has done evil things, etc. That is why, within their own system of beliefs, the gods are morally ambiguous. Well, to be honest, the free press is often its own source of misinformation, often simply parroting the government / big business position, for a variety of reasons - since way before stuff like Fox or Breitbart. There is sadly no simple answer to the problem of obtaining The Truth... It probably depends on the kind of software more than the industry, but in my experience, the unhappy path is usually 'bubble up until you get to some user input', with some careful use of destructors/dispose to undo some complex operations. Exceptions cover this in the best way, since, unlike monads, they actually give you a pretty accurate idea of where the code was when the error happened,whule still playing very nicely with pure functions in the callstack ( which don't have to start adding error handling/logging logic simply because callbacks they use may fail). My understanding is that on Desktops, the default is for Sleep to do 'Hybrid Sleep' - prepare for a hibernate, but sleep instead; if you have a power failure while the computer is sleeping, you should see it waking from. The hibernate when you turn back on, instead of booting from scratch. I know that this was the case at some point when I checked during the Windows 8 years, I don't know if this is still true.