Is the Intel Compiler even appreciably faster these days? I thought CLang and GCC had basically caught up... Is the Intel Compiler even appreciably faster these days? I thought CLang and GCC had basically caught up... That's what I was thinking; wouldn't Firefox be basically in userspace, and therefore not be much faster using an Intel compiler? I find that after I discovered tmux, I was able to use the command line full-time much more easily. Now everything I do is command-line-unix-ey, from my coding (with Emacs) to my web browser (Elinks). It's kind of a pain in the butt to learn, but I feel that it helps me stay focused on my work; there are a lot less distractions in the command-line world. I'll agree there, but I feel that that is a fixable problem overall; if I knew anything about ncurses I'd fix it myself :D. I still think using Elinks of w3m creates a more streamlined experience if your end goal is getting work done. It's weird, I always kind of wondered why Erlang gets left out of the FP discussions. It's not as dogmatic as Haskell or something, but functional-ness is kind of its bread and butter. If you take a language like Haskell, you can utilize an FRP framework like Netwire to write pure-ish code whilst having reactive things. I'm currently writing an ncurses application that does exactly that. Your link is broken; I don't think they use SSL. I don't really want to make a comment about the reasons "why", but I do want to say RIP Ian. I love Debian and it's derivatives. CrunchBang was the first distro I used for more than two days. I agree with the first point there. I was pretty excited to try an "open source version of sublime text", but the performance was so terrible I ended up just sticking with Vim. I know people are trying to back away from the console-ui editors, but you cannot deny that,performance wise, it's tough to beat Vim or Emacs. I don't know that I fully agree; I leave my Vim instance open for literally days at a time in a tmux session, which works somewhat as my "IDE". Much as I've heard I'm only supposed to do this with "real" IDE's, I have yet to really notice a single drawback. Does Excel count as a programming environment? If it does, I'd like to see if that outranks JS (my guess is that it does). I'd go one step further and even say it's arguably the most popular Reactive languages as well. It kind of feels like the author was just looking for reasons to be offended. This comment didn't really seem that offensive at all. Did nothing interesting happen in the tech world today? This is such a non-story, it's really weird that this is on the front-page twice. What the hell? This story has made the front page of HN three times now. Even if it were a "real", important story, hasn't it been thoroughly covered? If a web developer gets frustrated by having to support Internet Explorer 8, is that offensive? "How dare you! You're punching down at people who are stuck with Windows XP!" The internet is very good at being offended by everything. My point is that no one has this outrage machine when web developers whine about Internet Explorer, even though plenty of people are stuck using it for financial reasons, just like people who are stuck with five-year-old computers, and as a developer, I actually do find it frustrating when I have to support older hardware. I'll admit the choice of the word "sad" might have been poor, but it's hardly worth getting offended over. Plenty of companies cannot upgrade away from IE because the cost would be too high. I worked at a company that only worked with IE7 at one point. Sure, I could have said "just use Firefox" or "just use Chrome...It's free!", but that wasn't really an option. Now, granted, I'm aware that a company is not the same as a person, but it was just a dumb example I used to kind of point out that getting offended because Apple "punched down" is kind of arbitrary. Their web app broke when using anything but Internet Explorer 7, and they couldn't afford to upgrade it to modern web standards (they actually did get an estimate to do exactly that), so no, they didn't have a choice, really. I'm done with this topic; be as offended as you want. I'm actually kind of happy about this. While I don't personally use Atom at all, I think it's good that an open source editor is getting extremely popular. Much as I like Sublime Text, the fact that it's proprietary has prevented me from using it. I like Atom, but what's kept me with Vim is slight performance hit that you seem to have with Atom. I'm sure this will get ironed out more, and maybe it has been in later iterations. Have you managed to get good performance out of it? I always thought it was weird that it wasn't always publicly available. I'm ok with allocating taxdollars to funding new research, but I think that if my taxdollars go to something, I should have access to it. I can see where there should be exceptions like in cases of national security or maybe if minors are involved, but otherwise I think public stuff should actually be public. Is that true?! I think I might have a few new desktop backgrounds coming up... It totally makes sense. I kind of thought the whole point of public research was so that everyone could benefit. Much as I like Npm, I do kind of have to wonder if all this stuff is a consequence of having a centralized package manager. I personally prefer the Go solution of just specifying a Git repo. I actually tend to fork my dependencies to my own account. I never said it was a package manager, but it is a way of getting dependencies in an uncentralized way. I've been running Linux full-time for since 2013, but then again, I don't play games, so everything that I use actually is on Linux. Unless you don't have 30 spare gigs of storage space... Sure, I'll agree we can't have a completely open-door policy for everything because that would be chaos, but for stuff that's easy to make copies of I think we should. So to go with your example, I agree we don't all get to ride in spaceships (much as I'd like to), but I do think that it's not unreasonable to request the rocket designs and published papers that came out of NASA when they were building these rockets. I was just being cheeky, honestly, but that price doesn't scale linearly, at least not on a laptop. A 512gb SSD might have a higher cost-per-GB than a 256GB SSD. I don't run Windows and consequently haven't used VS in any kind of intimate detail, I'm sure it's great if you like dealing with IDEs. I feel more productive with Vim, tmux, GHCI, and GraspJS for doing of my web development. That might be true; I had a slightly tainted image of VS when I had to use it three years ago, and after everything I needed was installed, I only had like a gig left (this was on a weak, underpowered netbook, admittedly). In retrospect it's not entirely VS's fault, though I just found it amusing how quickly it ate through my storage when Vim only takes like 90 megs. I don't live in Silicon Valley, but I've found that the "requirement" for a degree is more of a suggestion than law. I don't have a degree, and I still usually apply to jobs that have that requirement. I don't always get an interview, of course, but I get them often enough to where I kind of feel like they're on the description as a formality more than anything. I use tmux as my primary "IDE" for everything. I personally use the backtiick (`) as my prefix, because ctrl-B conflicted with Emacs. Now I use vim for everything, but I still use the same prefix because I've gotten used to it. If you're stuck using someone else's computer, you can always pass through the prefix by hitting it twice...For example, if I ever need a backtick, I can just tap it two times. https://github.com/Tombert/dotfiles/blob/master/tmux/.tmux.c... I actually like the default bindings for both, but yes, everyone in the community seems to have a slightly fragmented opinion of them :D. I'm a goober and have never once used the leader key...I guess I'm a bit of a noob. I guess I can see this being an issue, but as someone who generally has a pretty "green" contribution chart, I find people look more at how many stars I have more than anything. This was why I thought the Chevy Volt had the right idea; having a gas-tank there as a backup, but depend on electricity 95% of the time. But, in my opinion, the best thing to do is to move to a big city and use the trains, or campaign for a good train system in your city, which obviously can't work for everyone. I'm pretty sure that the trains are "competing" pretty well with cars in New York, despite a lacking the features you metioned, considering that there are actually less households that own cars there than households that do. But generally speaking, I agree. To convince the average person of a public transit/driverless/generic-alternative-to-driving, privacy and end-to-end-ey-ness is probably important. I don't know the right solution to the HTML5 DRM thing. I hate DRM, I don't really support its use, but I also use Linux full-time. Without the HTML5 DRM, I don't think I'd be able to watch Netflix on my laptop, without some Wine wrapper, and really, is that much better? I don't see the studios signing off on Netflix without the use of DRM, and since Silverlight doesn't work on Linux, I selfishly don't have a problem with HTML5 DRM...most of the time. That said, ethical-me totes does have a problem with DRM being part of the otherwise-open web. Relying on stuff that I can can't break sort of makes my inner-Stallman sad. I'll admit that I know almost nothing about the ways DRM works, but my gut tells me that JS would be too slow to implement anything too robust. If DRM is anything like crypto, wouldn't it require something relatively CPU-heavy? That said, I didn't know the cross-platform thing was optional, and I agree that when I buy something, it should be DRM free. If it has to phone-home, then I don't own it, and things like Darkspore prove it can be stolen from me be the company. While I think DRM is largely a load of BS, it has been implemented with some efficacy (see: Darkspore), which has still not been cracked. So I do think the intention is to reduce piracy....Whether or not that's effective is a philosophical discussion. I haven't used ed, but I'm inclined to agree. People still make fun of me for living in the terminal. I'm not asking this to be critical, I'm asking because I'm genuinely confused; how is this any more authenticated than just a password? Presumably anyone with your Github password can go add or change your GPG keys if they wanted, so how would it make you any more verified? This is the frustration I have with "cloud" devices, and why I try to avoid using them. Sure, they're convenient as all hell, but if it points to a webservice that I don't/can't control, it inherently has a shelf-life. The issue is that while I totally could figure out how to set up a self-hosted home-automation thing, I'm not sure that the average non-technical user could, which means these cloud-devices are here to stay. I don't like Facebook, nor do I have an account, but I disagree somewhat with them not being a "real technology company". Facebook hired Simon Marlow, one of the creators of Haskell, and publishes a lot of research and open-source projects. Cassandra DB, HHVM, React, React-Native and Hack are just a couple examples. They write blog posts about what scales and what does not, and employ a number of post-grad researchers. How are they not a "real" technology company? The problem I have with Google tech, especially after the new Nest stuff has to come to light, is that there's no guarantee they'll support it for very long. It's entirely possible that I'll incorporate this into my workflow, just for Google to kill it off a year later. If Revolv had actually gone bankrupt I'm not sure people would be nearly as mad as they are. The fact is that Google is worth tons of money, and has access to a ton of hosting infrastructure. Is Google (or Alphabet, really) arguing that they can't spin up a single cloud-computer-engine-thing and run Revolv? That's the dilemma I have: I'm finding that I'm hesitant to get behind "cloud" services, especially free ones, because I can't know how long they're going to be around. Which really annoys me, because they're convenient as hell, especially for non-technical users. Sure, I could run a server in my apartment and get a self-hosted thing and whatnot, but I can't expect my parents to. TL;DR, I don't know the right answer to when we should use cloud services. I actually version control my config files ( https://github.com/tombert/dotfiles ) after reading this tutorial: http://brandon.invergo.net/news/2012-05-26-using-gnu-stow-to... Obviously you should change that to git instead of CVS.