Well, I can transfer images from my A7ii to my phone in a few seconds. It's been done. No, you can't do full sensor readout at 960fps. You can only do 960fps by shooting at 2MP and keeping only 8 bits of data per pixel (or even less). Full sensor readout rates on phones are closer to 20-30 fps IIRC. And even that comes with caveats (no exposure adjustment, shutter speed must be faster than a certain amount, etc..). And that's at the low resolutions phones have. And then when you start hitting the limits of readout speed you start increasing rolling shutter issues and so on. Each country would have a given amount of vouchers say one per ten person to start and presumably only one individual could redeem them for the rebate otherwise its 50$ per month. Very disputable. They haven't made the .org tld, it wasn't a private resource (read: private as in used to generate profit), they just captured it and turned it into private property. It's still possible, but you will have statistical inaccuracies. If your analysis shows that say almost all events in this area can be abstracted up to this value without losing a significant amount of accuracy that makes the inner box smaller. Factor in our limited speed of travel and the one way nature of causality relative to us on the cosmic scale, you get a theoretically feasible simulation. I believe that due to our environment being based on "our type of math" and thus our thinking processes essentially running on that mathematical substrate in a way any mathematics you could imagine would just be an extension of our math and thus either there is no other math or we just can't imagine it. As for axioms and assumptions, it can work but it would probably be possible to formulate them in terms of existing math. And yet without thinking by themselves ordinary people won't be able to understand that philosophy, making it almost worthless given the underlying assumption that neglects the inherent value of philosophy. This can be well demonstrated by... Software engineers informally having viewpoints or ideas that were already refuted :) This does raise the question, what is the motivation for these vegans? Is it eliminating animal suffering, reducing global warming as farming is a major polluter, or are they actually just disgusted by animal products in general? As the article hints at, this claim only really makes sense if a sizeable section of the US is completely opposed to animal by-products independent of any ethical, moral or scientific component, just by innate disgust of eating anything that came from an animal. And I do believe the last category to be very fringe and small, and this would also mean being opposed to a large number of medical treatments. Personally, I don't think their claim holds any weight, unintentional cross contamination with beef isn't something the average vegan would find justifiably outrageous in a restaurant that also serves beef, and as far as allergies go anyone that has allergies should be asking around for cross contamination in a restaurant that specializes in what they are allergic from. Not exactly. While you could claim that due to technological advances a person working a low skilled job at full time in 2019 is better off than someone doing an equivalent job in 1980, you fail to take into account that in 2019 that person would be by major guidelines in a much worse position, ie, no hope of owning a house, taking public transit, can't support a family in a city, less likely to be in a supportive union, and so on. In the things that matter, the person in 2019 is worse off. And at the same time, a worker in 2019 has wildly increased productivity compared to one in 1980. So in a sense, purely by the standard of what they produce, they make more but has less baseline property and amenities. This is an issue. It's no coincidence that rich people have proportionally gotten much much richer in these 40 years, and it has 100% come at a cost to the majority. They possess essentially no power in labour negotiations, and most of them live under the yoke of debt. Capitalism is literally allowing greed to run wild and almost completely unchecked. It's the driving force behind greed being such a force in 2019. Working poor != working homeless I come from Morocco. There, until recent times, most left the family house to go buy their first home, after their first real job. "Renter" was an insult because you had to be really poor to have to rent. Now that speculation and foreign investment is flooding the housing markets and land prices have literally went up 3000x in some cities, it's changing. It's not a first world dream, it's a problem that's rising everywhere around the world. For religious people, there is really no sense to be made out of it. I say this as a Muslim. I did address alpha-gal by saying that those who have allergies should be mindful of cross contamination in restaurants that serve the stuff they are allergic to. Nope. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_property I can't speak for the rest of Québec, but Montréal's public transit is pretty good. You can definitely make it without a car there. There are good FOSS reddit clients for android. Build one then install it. The very idea of "corporate mindfulness" goes against the logic that led to mindfulness, and ultimately it only helps in misdirection as to what the issue really is. Or to massively decentralize so that you need to bring down the entire network. Good thing that computing power also scales exponentially with time then. So prosperous that raising the price of public transit by a few dollars has led to widespread protests. Isn't that basically just doing signal processing on the Fourier transform, because you know the Fourier series in advance? Yes, you don't need doing any fourier transform, but it seems to me to be equivalent to doing signal processing after a fourier transform with the knowledge that it's a pure tone. You forget Samsung. In Morocco at least they do ask for your passport if you want free or discounted cell service, but you can always go to a corner store and just get a Sim card from there. And yet they still are ahead of Intel. Because of the way floating point numbers work, you'd get an accurate amount for both cases, as it's really the number of significant figures, not decimals. Well, at least in Morocco when I lived there I got my SIM card from the corner store and used it for a good year and a half. They would have absolutely no grounds to sue. At all. There are already lying DNS servers, they haven't seen any legal threat for this exact reason. Tons of organizations also redirect DNS for their network. Form what I remember that AI could only do one pose. Not nearly as much in 2019's modern societies. And probably close to an order of magnitude worse. The attacker would be shifting screen sizes, in the given justification of bots. Time to add random delay and noise then. They just have to give it a massive fine. Then they can block it for failure to pay. Al-Shabab, but yes. This doesn't matter anyways, consoles haven't been sold at a loss for almost a decade. Because at least with make install you can have some trust in the delivery method, ie encrypted git or whatever. If you use just plain http.... I'm fine with the second too as long as the host is trustworthy and it's always https. Most of the time it isn't. Ericsson, Nokia You're thinking of a union. There should be a software developers' union. It's a valid remark on how companies do tend to treat their workers as little more than livestock. While it is denunciatory, the subject deserves denunciation. See the thing is you didn't do the work, they did. If you can't get anyone to make the tech yourself then that's just how it is. If they decide to make the tech and it is worth 250 million then pay up, or live without it, or try to make an equivalent in house. You don't own your team, you will do whatever is in your best interest and so will they. I disagree both with the premise that denuncing realities of the industry that go unnoticed in a relevant context prevents intellectual curiosity (I believe that as long as it isn't a bandwagon, it actually triggers interesting discussion), and I disagree with the slippery slope argument you present, as it seems quite unfounded. It's one of the reasons I use OpenStreetMaps, despite it's shortcomings. Uh, no. Lenovo and Samsung manage to make better HMDs than the Rift S for 250$. The only disadvantage they have is slightly smaller tracking area, but that's not cost, the cameras are like 2$ each. The only reason the Index costs 1000$ is because its absolutely cutting edge and its controllers and tracking systems are expensive. If it had inside out tracking and normal controllers it would be around the price of the Index. Well, system that has brain wave data and full information on your visual feed and body position and movement can do quite a bit of correlation It depends on just how huge the model is. Some models take multiple seconds to run/backpropagate and might take hundreds of gigabytes of memory, in which case it could be useful. CFD estimations actually put it to be a bit more aerodynamic than the F-150, actually. As we're starting to see, it was mostly Intel not keeping up, actually. Moore's law is mostly holding up till today, and probably for a couple more years before we really have to switch paradigms.