Agreed. We should be paid much more for building these apps that transfer so much wealth to investors. As far as I can tell the folks who do the actual work of making software companies money receive far too small a share of the proceeds. Bernie's fans aren't liberals in the sense of the word as describes Democrats who are "liberal" (please see: "New Democrats", "Democratic Leadership Council"). Possibly. Also, due to the nature of trading, they may have been wiped out in this hypothetical "reverse all trades" scenario before they were in reality. For example, they could have had one potent stochastic windfall early in their career that, had it gone the other way, would have wiped them out. The workers ("staffed") in the FDA are (mostly, probably) people who want to help but the bureaucrats in charge are part of the political system (e.g. lobbyists, political insiders, etc.). I think you're conflating the workers of the FDA with the people who, ultimately, guide it and make decisions. This isn't to say the leadership of the FDA is compromised by or somehow beholden to "Big Pharma" or some such. I certainly wouldn't disagree that we need rigorous demonstrations of efficacy and safety for medicines and devices, but I question in what manner and capacity the FDA is actually structured to pursue that end. Surely you're exaggerating. You can create a toy program or even a very basic (most likely web-based application) that solves some problem in a weekend, but there really are very few lucrative companies or ideas that can be accurately "tried out" in a single weekend. If these companies are "seed" stage companies, then I'd argue it isn't that any bar has been raised, but that "seed" has come to mean something entirely different. Any company that has $800k MRR is (well) past seed-stage. What users want is the same thing consumers of products have wanted forever: to pay the least and get the most they can. The whole "free with in-app purchases" model was driven by users' unwillingness to pay for apps. So in some sense this nickel-and-dime thing is a self-inflicted wound. On the other hand, (we) developers ought to be smart enough to figure out how to handle that. Have you heard of the term/phrase "bro science" with respect to weight lifting? I'd draw an analogy between them. Clarification: what I mean is there is a lot of ad-hoc stuff in these blogs that may be narrowly true or applicable to a given project or subset of a domain, but generally there is either significant evidence against some of these blogs' contents or the contents themselves have absolutely no formal, rigorous support. I'm not entirely in agreement. Use of object-oriented programming paradigms here would merely distribute the logic that is necessary to achieve the desired mapping over multiple points in the code. The example function presented is only marginally too complicated. I'd split it in two: one to obtain the book list given the same arguments as the example function, and one taking the result as its only argument to build the mapping. I find myself shying away from rigorous adherence to encapsulation more and more these days. I prefer small functions that operate on data explicitly. Edit: and I'm a bit confused how the example has anything to do with "JSON-driven development", other than the coincidence that a hash/dictionary is the core data structure being manipulated here. This example function could exist and be (mostly) reasonable had JSON never existed. I'd expect to see an argument that the JSON serialization schemes that abound are problematic, given the title. Sometimes many different values are related to each other and it is useful to keep them close together for explicitness (and other reasons). And better testability. Writing the code with the assumption that a key will change is on the same level with premature optimization, in my opinion. It might be reasonable to make the assumption for some keys. In these cases a function taking the data and key as arguments and returning the value is sufficient and appropriate. Frankly, if the code base is so littered with references to that specific data and key combination it might actually indicate a poor design. I don't have a GitHub (bitbucket, etc.) account, can't remember the last time I contributed to any open source project, and have very few hobby programs I work on outside of my job. Yet somehow I'm consistently rated very highly by my peers, to the point where I have significant influence on the technical direction of projects I work on. The reason I don't have hobby projects or dev social media accounts is this: by the time I get home, I have a spouse and two children who I have a life with outside of programming. I frankly don't have time to work on hobby programming outside of work to the level of sophistication that rises to the sort I'd feel comfortable showing in an interview. And picking some random toy project that does would quickly reveal how little I care about it. Edit for clarity: that said, I think this level of transparency is fantastic. I have nothing negative to say about it. I agree with the person you're responding to, mostly, in that not every developer (of any skill, including "rockstar", "10x" etc.) is compatible with every company. Filters like these help both parties make that determination before either wastes too much time, and I appreciate the transparency. I wish more companies were more honest about things like this. Of course, I've been on the interviewer side plenty, and have many times wished for more honesty in a candidate. It's possible, but it's much more likely that our society's embedded and implicit racism influenced her perception of the man. Laws still require enforcement. And from what I've seen California is a bit over-hyped in many ways, including how liberal/progressive it is, how hard it is to start and run a business, and how well it protects employees. This treats rights (legal) as though they were laws of nature. I have yet to see convincing data or argument supporting this notion. There is ample evidence from history that the legal construct called "rights" is in fact not absolute at all. In fact, all the data we have suggest that "rights" are in fact provided by the government. The mechanisms differ (e.g. the US's constitutional republic encodes government-defined rights in the Constitution and laws derived from it), but ultimately "rights" are something that people, in the forming of the government they live under, agree should exist. My experience is that startups uniformly pay less (significantly in some cases) than established companies. They also (warning: anecdata) fudge the pay schemes, doing thinks like counting a hiring bonus which can be clawed back as part of salary, or running a "stock options/equity" scam, etc. Controversial statement: the number of actual, honest-to-god "10x developers" that exist in specific, narrow domains or contexts is so small that using them as a standard of comparison in any context (including their domains) is complete nonsense, and the number relative to the entire population of developers is so small that one can do just spectacularly well acting as if such a creature doesn't even exist. I find it refreshing, as a near-40 year old who's been in the industry for over 10 years, that there is finally movement against the absurd notion that one must spend more than a couple of years at most (or all) their jobs in order to be taken seriously. There are two extremes. The one you point out leads to developers with lots of breadth and no depth. But the other is still the industry standard today: one that values depth in a particular (and possibly completely irrelevant outside of the company) domain. I hope we keep moving towards the middle of the two. No doubt. I've even encountered somebody who stomped his feet and said they weren't going to write test code for QA because that was beneath them. I think that's because the entire industry devalues both QA/testing and maintenance. Even in places that aren't the Valley these two roles are given a lower social status than other developer roles. The budgets and recognition for teams in both domains is typically much smaller than others, and QA especially is usually among the first on the chopping block during a retrenchment. We as a whole have made these roles seem less valuable and less values, so to me it's not surprising that folks don't want to do them. That a person is familiar with a framework doesn't guarantee they'll require significantly less learning for a company's particular project. In fact I'd argue that if one's use of a framework makes the learning curve so small, the project is probably not that complicated in the first place. That was an interesting read. I wish people in our industry were less hostile to the notion that luck plays a large role in determining success. Could you explain how that isn't circular? As I see it, opportunity is infrequently in one's control. Whether one can take advantage of it is less infrequent, but still often enough outside of one's control. The only thing about opportunity that isn't heavily influenced by luck is whether, having the means, one takes advantage of the opportunity. My point was that you're kind of defining luck as a form of opportunity, which is itself a product of chance. I think maybe you're just describing luck in different terms without altering what is meant by the concept. How is your explanation better? What studies and research support that? Yes, which is one reason why I think of the system in the US as being very much closer to a fascist system than many or most are comfortable contemplating. It's not like the federal and state governments dictate taxation and revenue (entirely), take their cut and leave the rest with local governments. Local governments can raise revenue with various kinds of taxes independently of rates and schedules at the Federal or State level. The real reason local governments typically lack resources for truly local needs is that the most vocal locals tend to be NIMBY typea and anti-tax types. I would also add a caution to constrain the scope of parallelism in the implementation to only those bits of code that actually benefit from it, and to be extra cautious when refactoring an existing serial implementation into a parallel algorithm. Plenty that you're missing: 1. At some point it's foreign money buying from other foreign owners who don't live there, and who use the proceeds to buy an even more costly money box/laundery 2. It reduces rental supply and prices out locals who then have to spend money on commuter expenses 3. Even if the above weren't true it's debatable how much of the purchase price actually flows into the local economy I want everyone to read and re-read your bit about data science and machine learning. Many times. I think even people in the software industry underestimate both how accurate and how difficult it is to employ statistics to produce something truly meaningful. My current job is on a data science team. I find it amusing that the business folks are able to sell our product, and then sigh to myself and do a little crying inside when I realize how it's possible. In the US there is a not small number of employers who take a very negative view of moonlighting. This is true in every industry, and in knowledge work industries like software it is compounded by a fear of IP theft. So whether it should be their business or not doesn't matter: they'll make it their business. Salary transparency is different from tax and income transparency, though. I agree that salary information should be more public. I'm not so sure individual income or other tax information should be. Depends on what you mean by experience. I'm skeptical, to say the least. No doubt there are 29 year olds who have been "coding" for 20 years and being paid for it for 13 of them. That's different from having experience. True, but companies don't care about those things, really, even in the supposedly developer-centric Bay Area. Just browse through any jobs thread or board, even (especially) the "Who's Hiring" HN thread. You're going to see a lot of "We're looking for an X developer" or "we're looking for a developer with Y years of experience in Stack X." Employers, even supposedly knowledgeable tech centric ones, routinely think the learning curve for a new stack or language is so great that they just can't risk even screening someone without specific experience. Not true outside of the Valley and other niche fields, like finance, and even in those places it isn't that often that folks retire early. The average salaries for developers tend to be higher across the board, but not "retire by 40 or even 50" higher. You represent the other extreme with your comment. Very few software projects have more than two or three years of "experience fertility," for the kind of experience you mean. There's a difference between someone who can't even last a year to get a project from prototype to some semblance of maturity and someone who wants to move on after one to two years when a project reaches the point at which maintenance overtakes new development. What's the difference between somebody who works on four different projects over 8 years for company X and somebody who works on four different projects for four different companies over the same period, in this context? It's unfortunate and also a terrible business model. In those cases it's clear the business isn't mature or ready enough to actually hire human beings, in my opinion. Not that I'd agree with their conclusion about who they need to hire anyway. There isn't an experienced developer out there who can't pick up the frameworks and languages (exceptions exist of course, e.g. for quirky languages like brainfuck or paradigm shifts like procedural to functional) these CRUD-by-other-names shops use within a week, and if their business is that close to failure without developer help they can't afford to be picky. No it's not. I see lots of Teslas around here but far more BMWs, followed closely by Audi and Mercedes. I see Priuses everywhere. And outside of the valley Teslas are very rare by comparison with any other brand. I spent the second half of my childhood there. Haven't been back since. I'll note that quantity is different from density (e.g. per capita) of ownership. And your point is? Possibly, if it were large enough scale to truly impact the supply of labor at a sufficiently lower price point to matter. There are a variety of remote work arrangements: 1) local employees who have employers with liberal work-from-home policies (they're "remote" when they don't commute in), 2) employees who are always remote, but still in-state (located in the same state as the employer), 3) employees who are always remote but still domestic (located in the US), 4) employees who are always remote and located internationally. The first two kinds of remote employee don't incur (much) additional cost to the employer. The third kind can incur non-trivial additional costs in the management of payroll (state income taxes, labor/unemployment fund requirements, etc.), especially if done at any scale. Larger companies can do this because they are already established in multiple states, but smaller ones tend to impose restrictions on where remote workers can live and even whether they're permitted to move to a new state and still remain employed. The last kind is a whole other ball of wax--it has the same tax and payroll management problems of the third kind, but additional complexity I'm sure. Then there is the additional overhead of managing remote teams. Having experienced being an "individual contributor" and coordinating with project management to manage remote teams I can assure you this is not a trivial thing and involves its own costs. So all these factors influence how much lower the salaries have to dip before they are worth it. Personally, I doubt remote work will impact salaries in this area much anytime soon. This is the most striking difference between software shops and, well, any other kind of engineering, this emphasis on "culture fit." There are lots of different components to culture. There is no rigor behind it, which is in contrast to the self-described emphasis on extreme logical rigor that the industry is allegedly built on. Why is there such an emphasis on "culture fit" in the software industry? This, too. Most startup compensation packages seem to be 20% (or more) below market rate + lottery tickets. For US workers that may very well run afoul of labor and tax laws (and in fact almost certainly does). For foreign ones it depends on their laws. Could you elaborate on why you think that would be useful? It's not stateless, either, in the same way it's not serverless (that is, it's somebody else's state). There are security and other issues that are important to consider when sending traffic over a network, and I find that calling this sort of thing "serverless" or "stateless" a bit misleading. I have to say that having used Slack for clients' projects and as part of a few political campaign teams, the primary value add is the organization of meta-information (files) in the same client as the chat service. I'm not sure I'd ever pay for that kind of service. Also I've never clicked on a Ryver ad. I read the blog post linked here, and while I find some merit in the idea that competition must be contrasted and that we're wired to focus on conflict, the aggressiveness is off-putting. Actually I would find a desktop client more appealing. I'm not a fan of browsers-as-poorly-functioning-userlands-on-userlands that seems to be the modern fad. Seek jobs for which a PhD is a minimum requirement, or else leave the fact that you have a PhD out of your application materials if you're dead set on jobs without that requirement (and it's possible to do). I've seen some success in both cases. Also consider that you may have some confidence/arrogance issues of your own. Not to be accusatory, and certainly I'm projecting a bit here, but having left my academic life behind some years ago, when I look back on it I see a certain arrogance in the pride of having a PhD that I'm embarrassed by now. If you're running into these problems for jobs that do list PhD as the minimum requirement, you should consider it a strong signal that avoiding working there is a net positive for you. And if you think you have it rough, try getting jobs after having dropped out of a PhD program a few years into it. For some reason, at least in the sphere of my friends and associates, this signals "quitter" and "not as smart as a PhD person". I've interviewed such candidates and I'd say it's a mixed bag with respect to whether I've preferred them over PhD candidates I've interviewed for jobs, but almost uniformly I've had one or more colleagues raise the question of said candidates' ability and determination. People (employers and PhD holders alike, really) need to understand that having a PhD is a strong signal for exactly three things, in this order: a person's willingness and ability to tolerate a certain kind of experience in the very narrow context of academia, some minimum level of expertise in the field above the typical undergraduate degree holder, and some further expertise in a very narrow slice of the field above a typical Master's degree holder. Define "much faster." I am seriously trying to think of a developer I'd describe as competent and smart who could not pick up a new language or framework with sufficient understanding to be minimally productive (fixing minor to moderate bugs, contributing to new if simple features) inside a week or two. If that's not fast enough, something has gone terribly wrong planning the project.