Broken Age Dreamfall Chapters (Grab The Longest Journey and [first] Dreamfall on GOG.com) Almost all of Telltale Games' catalog MU* (MUD, MUCK, MUSH, MOO, ...) are text-based worlds that predate the modern MMORPG and many are still running and still interesting to explore. Windows Pro-Tip: KeePass supports Windows' "Secure Desktop" (the same place where Windows UAC prompts launch into) for the reprompt. This really should be the default now, but it's simple to enable and incredibly worth enabling given that malware has been discovered in the wild trying to keylog/grab master passwords for programs like LastPass, 1Password and KeePass. Cross-Platform Pro-Tip: KeePass 2.x runs great as is on the Mono VM with only the obvious Windows-only functionality unavailable. The short answer is pretty much: when you want to. There the obvious places where you have to use objects in boundary spaces between libraries/languages. For example in F# (another OCaml relative) you will use objects to interoperate with the larger .NET world. Beyond that, objects are a tool in your tool belt. There are cases where a particular problem makes the most sense in you own head in an object-oriented abstraction, and the idea of a multi-paradigm language is that that is okay and you shouldn't feel like you have to spend the mental effort to refactor it to some other pattern. This extends out to team development, too. An object-based approach might be easier to document and/or understand by the rest of your team. A team working on the back-end primarily in an OO language like C# might have the easiest time understanding a JS front-end the best if the JS followed more of an object-oriented approach than a functional approach. (JS is definitely multi-paradigm.) The Python philosophy is "Code is more often read than written" and that tends to be a useful gut check for choosing paradigms/abstractions/tools. Will I (and/or my team) be able to read this tomorrow? Ten years from now? Me too. Persona is great and has a very nice login flow, and is the best as a user in terms of what is/is not shared with an IdP... Just need to get more websites to use it. (I've written about setting it up in an ASP.NET website and it is really easy to do and work with.) Did you try adjusting your transition time? You can switch from Fast to Slow which will gradually adjust over 60 minutes. See if that works better for you. There's plenty of discussion on this very topic in GitHub issues and PRs. The current "typeof" is inherited from JS and TS compiler doesn't actually do much to change that code. It would be great to see a nice pattern matching syntax, but people will have to figure out what the JS that pattern matching code would look like. EcmaScript 4 had a type system. Although ES4 never quite made it to browsers, there certainly was enough interest to standardize a type system in ES4. Microsoft is a part of "they" at ECMA determining the ES standard and it is certainly within the realm of possibility that if TypeScript proves people want it, a TypeScript-like type system could indeed become standard in some future EcmaScript edition. In some ways, TypeScript is Microsoft's playground for things that they would like to see eventually become standard. Supposedly one of the reasons ATScript isn't just a small fork of TypeScript and instead is an oddly reimplemented TypeScript built on top of Traceur is so that ATScript can still compile to Dart, so apparently at least a few people on Angular 2.0 still like Dart... Masterfully applied analogy. Thank you. First of all we have scientific studies of an actual experiment: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mincome Second, the great thing about mincome is that it makes the Labor "market" an actual market with actual liquidity. Sure, you will get people that finally have a choice to never work again. Finally companies would have to compete against each other and that option to not work to make people want to work. Businesses already pride themselves on their efficiency and productivity metrics about how much work they can squeeze out of as few people: this puts their money where there mouth is. Thirdly, a basic income means that jobs and activities without a steady paycheck become much easier to try and live as a lifestyle. Think of the music, art, writing, acting, and other fine arts we might see if musicians/artists/writers/actors didn't need a 9-to-5 to pay rent and eat. Even things like "stay-at-home parent" start to become easier and better for everyone involved. We're in an economy now where most households both parents need to work a full time job to raise a kid. Who is raising the kids? Finally, what's wrong with drinking and copulating? If people want to spend their time doing such things which don't impact you at all who are you to condemn them for that? DVD Playback was removed in Windows 8 because Microsoft said that almost exactly $15 in the cost of Windows 7 was the DVD patent/license fees. It became available as an upcharge to the "with Windows Media Center" editions of Windows. Solitaire was also removed in Windows 8 and the new game apps were created then. I too don't like that Arkadium (developers given the license from Microsoft) have been allowed to make them increasingly naggy Adware/Freemium, but sadly that is a lot more to do with the current state of the videogame industry than the current state of Windows. Solitaire was removed because they wanted universal apps and someone else (Arkadium) to foot the bill for development. Given that Solitaire was a hobby project thrown in for free, it's kind of amazing it was distributed in as many versions of Windows as it was (and that it survived for so long with very little needed in maintenance/bug fixes). Enterprises kept asking for it not to be included in Windows, and now it is not and an enterprise has easy ways to stop people from installing it now... Consumers "win" in that it's now a product from an actual game company with actual monetization goals in a culture that has allowed ad-ware and freemium to become atrociously obnoxious... (Just look at Windows 10 "kindly" even including a free install to consumers of modern evil Solitaire "Candy Crush Saga". Unsurprisingly, from that benchmark, Arkadium's Solitaire is actually less nagging and cheaper.) In my opinion, as such things typically go, it depends on the scope of your tuple usage: I think tuples are perfectly readable/maintainable when used within the context of a single class. It's that middle point between usage within a single method (anonymous types) and usage in the external API (model classes). I try not to leak Tuples between classes: it's easy enough in the API for your class to "unsplat" your tuple usage in any method calls other classes might need. Also, Tuples are likely to become even easier to read/maintain in C#7 or so, as F#-like syntax for Tuples is a strongly favored proposal: https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/347 Regarding immutability, C# 6 makes it a lot easier to write immutable types even for quick prototyping with get only properties: public string Example { get; } You can set it in the constructor and only the constructor. On the other hand in C# it's still relatively hard/annoying to build Structural Equality into your classes (which anonymous types and tuples both handle for you) where the equality of two objects is based on the contents of their properties rather than the equivalence of their references. (Ease of Structural Equality is the number one reason for my typical reliance on Tuple as I tend to use tuples often as Dictionary /ILookup keys.) C# has also supported type aliases for a while: using MyTuple = Tuple ; But that's of limited utility (you have to include it in every code file, for instance) and I don't recall the exact circumstances but I recall it being brittle the last time I used it heavily (it was something like the compiler would fail to compile things that should be fine due to it forgetting a type alias half-way through a file), but that was also several compiler versions ago. Honestly, as something of a minimalist, I've been happiest with Github's issue tracker lately. GitLab's looks similar in screenshots, but I've not used GitLab. (Github also has an Enterprise version if you need on-premises install these days.) It has just enough features to get the work done but also not feature/configuration overload so that it's also not eating a lot of "management time from you". Github in particular you can tell that Github themselves dogfood their issues and PRs and want them to be great products for themselves. There are actually more than one "Kanban overlays" for Github issues I've seen. The first example to my mind is https://waffle.io/ I would presume if GitLab has similar APIs for their issues there may be a Kanban overlay for it as well. If you are already using GitLab then maybe you should just use GitLab's issue tracker? I think the convenience of using your source control host as your issue tracker is a big, useful deal. (#synergy) Issue tracking is one of those areas in computing where there's a compulsion to over-organize things and store a lot of peripheral information that may or may not be germane to the actual problem of issue tracking. It's fascinating how much applying the YAGNI [You Aren't Going to Need It] principle to Issue Tracking reveals. A lot of fields are either to duplicate stuff that should already be searchable (in the main body, for instance) in a good issue tracker [1]. A bunch of other fields are business process related and it's not surprising how many of those business processes themselves could use a good YAGNI refactor, and the few that remain after tree-shaking are often easy enough to store in a label, a "tag" in the title of an issue, or a status on a kanban board. [1] I honestly think that a lot of blame goes back to the very slow search of early issues trackers (including and especially, but not alone, Bugzilla) and needing to lump things into specialized fields to get any sort of search improvements. One of the things that I felt Windows Phone 7 and 8/8.1 in their design language did well was encouraging designs that were better than the hamburger (pivots and sprawling "hubs" that encourage you to explore in two dimensions; app-bars with ellipses). It's interesting to see Hamburger menus bleeding back into the design language with Windows 10. It seems a strange, sad concession to meeting Android/iOS designs and even Desktop designs (with their million year old menu bars) "half-way". That said, one of the interesting twists that Windows 10 designs thus far tend to put on the Hamburger menu is that secretly in many cases the Hamburger icon is just a replacement for the Windows Phone 8's App Bar ellipsis: The items on the bar show just icons at tablet size or lower and the Hamburger simply reveals app labels and maybe (rarely) lesser used text-only options. (At larger than table sizes sometimes the bar defaults expanded rather than condensed.) This roughly corresponds with the Facebook suggestions in the article here. The interesting differences to a WP8 app bar are that the W10 hamburger "app bars" have mostly gone vertical and the hamburger is a toggle rather than the WP8 app bar ellipsis was a "slide". It will be interesting to see how this design language continues to accrete/evolve as Windows 10 Mobile gets closer to launch. I like the idea of maybe switching Persona from callbacks to promises, but other than that I'm not sure this proposal is that much more practical than Persona... The obvious issue I see is that there's no easy way to polyfill this with existing browser APIs, to my knowledge: Edge doesn't expose the signed in Microsoft Account to my knowledge, for one example and IE typically doesn't have a "globally acknowledged" Microsoft Account... You could bootstrap off the OAuth/OpenID Connect endpoints of the providers, but you end up with the same Persona issues of bootstrapping from email providers. At least it should be fewer providers (one per sniffed browser, presumably) but it's also potentially a larger headache because there are plenty of browsers without accounts, too. What about Opera? Lynx? What about Some New Awesome Browser? Do you use a fallback provider like Persona's login.persona.org? Doesn't that just reintroduce some of the same "workflow pain" we're trying to correct? Also, Persona works well without being an explicitly W3C-endorsed standard (and would work better if it was, but not required for bootstrapping), where this proposal really would be best if you got it to be a W3C standard ASAP, because you are even more relying on it required as browser chrome (whereas, again, Persona is designed well as a polyfill). I also don't think you can get away from the statefulness of Persona's navigator.id entirely, because you still presumably want the abilities to allow a user to: resume an existing session, log out, and/or switch accounts/identities. At the moment, I'm still thinking the best solution is still more and better advocacy for Persona (and more email provider bridges, maybe), but I'm going to sleep on this. Also, you can't entirely ignore (as an RP [relying party]) which account system your user came from, because a user quite possibly wants to use the same user account from multiple browsers and they'd all might use different account systems so you potentially wind up with the same "link an account" problem of the various OAuth/OpenID Connect worlds without the nicety of a global identifier that you can easily transport between browsers such as Persona's use of any identifying email address. Maybe your web browser on desktop is Chrome and on mobile is Safari? I'm right there with you. My hopes are that enough developers and designers are paying attention to why and what the hamburger menus are doing in Outlook and Xbox and some of the other Microsoft-built Windows 10 applications rather than just duplicating whatever they've been doing on iOS/Android. I've got a feeling that maybe Microsoft themselves hope that their smarter use of hamburgers might be contagious in the other direction (just as so much of Material UI copied some of the flatter styles of WP7/8) and iOS/Android developers might start using the Windows app bar-style of hamburgers. I'm worried, of course, that designers/developers won't be paying attention and will assume the consistency in iconography applies a consistency in functionality. That said, I also see Microsoft's point that the global consistency in iconography may be more important than consistent functionality in a world where users are using applications on multiple platforms (ie, so many people are using some admixture of Windows, Mac OS X, iOS, and Android these days). Actually :s/promises/observables, given the state changes over time. An interesting summary. One of the things I think is missing is the bridge that ES6 modules provide: within an ES6 module you can obviously presume access to the ES6 syntax. System.js provides a polyfill for ES6' System loader (and a configurator/value add on top of a browser ES6 System implementation) allowing you to bootstrap into your ES6 modules. It feature detects and uses Babel/Traceur/TypeScript (your choice) to load ES6 modules, if needed. (It also loads CommonJS and AMD and traditional "global" modules because there is a diverse ecosystem of module formats out there.) JSPM is a further value add on top of System.JS that is a package manager that automates configuring System.JS for a complex ecosystem of versioned package repositories (JSPM registry, NPM registry, and even GitHub repository tags), and grabs local development copies for everything (and supports an HTTP/2 CDN in beta-ish) and helps automate using the System.JS bundler if you want to bundle everything into a single minified file. This is a pretty good stack for working with ES6 today, and as browsers start to support ES6 natively it will transition right along. (System.JS will still be useful itself for its plugin/configuration work, including support AMD/CommonJS/global modules in ES6.) I've been heavily leaning towards Cycle.JS lately ( http://cycle.js.org ) for personal projects. I haven't pushed anything to a Production environment yet, but I really love Cycle a lot more than React. (Cycle is vaguely like React, and explores some similar goals, but Cycle is based on RX and encourages a stronger, immutable functional composition than React.) For production applications at the moment I'm still mostly using Knockout as it is reliable and runs almost everywhere. Related to (1) is the breadth of interesting things that Elon Musk has invested in. Often SpaceX news will mention Tesla and vice versa. It probably also has to do with the uniqueness of Tesla's product portfolio within the Car industry and the multiplier effect that can have in what is already a huge PR-driven industry. Car magazines seem to be just about the only "product fetish" magazine category left and they still need fresh content every month. Other magazines and newspapers (what's left of them) still tend have a (syndicated) "car guy" columnist or at least column space. status.modern.ie lists it as "Under Consideration" still for all browsers: http://dev.modern.ie/platform/status/moduleses6/?filter=f3e0... SystemJS is a polyfill (and extender post-polyfill) that is great with support for plugins, transpiling ES6, and format detection for CommonJS, AMD, and even "Global" modules: https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs Also recommended, is JSPM ( http://jspm.io ) which is a package manager that utilizes the features of SystemJS and configures SystemJS to load NPM packages (akin to Browserify/Webpack) and Github repositories (somewhat similar to Bower). I was a fan of its predecessor Durandal for providing a good set of conventions for a SPA built with Knockout. Once Knockout added components, however, I started switching back to raw Knockout and maybe a router library. Aurelia to me is interesting. I appreciate that it's still modular and well architected like Durandal. In that regard I trust Aurelia more than I would trust, say, Angular (1.0 or 2.0). I like that Aurelia is encouraging people towards JSPM (and SystemJS), which I've been recommending as well. That said, I don't think I would actually use Aurelia in a project. For applications that need a deep legacy support it's clearly still the best option to use Knockout and Knockout Components (and maybe Durandal, but maybe not). For applications targeting the "evergreen" browsers I've been leaning towards CycleJS, not just because the "Reactive" frameworks are the new hotness, but because even in my use of data-binding frameworks like Knockout I've been slowly leaning more towards the "Reactive ideal" anyway and now that CycleJS is 1.0 and stable that looks like a good place to start these days. Since Windows 8, Windows has used "virtual images" of the Operating System and has had the ability to rather than apply a bunch incremental updates instead just "build jump" to the higher build. You see this somewhat often in Windows Phone (given the way OEMs test and hold back phone updates, nearly every update seemed to be a "build jump") and up until recently not quite often in Windows. (8.1 and 8.1 Update 1, the "service packs" appeared to be "build jumps", but to my knowledge that's about it as far as 8 has used it in its servicing lifetime thus far.) With Windows 10 insiders have already seen a lot of "build jumps", particularly in the last few weeks leading up to the Windows 10 launch. I've got a feeling (and this is entirely supposition on my part) that one of the things we Insiders saw a Preview of and may not have realized it is that Windows 10 itself as a part of the "last version" thing will start to do a lot more "build jump" rollups of updates, even more often than the "service packs" of 8. This article is partly on this very subject: http://venturebeat.com/2015/08/13/how-microsoft-built-and-is... HN discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10058346 I've been accused of not writing enough comments in the code itself and then writing "novels" in the commit messages and "Literate Revision Control" is probably the best name for that sort of style. It's very easy for comments in the source to grow stale, but the commit messages mostly (our source control tools still aren't perfect with regards to moves/refactors) tell the story over time and mostly show only relevant commit information, with "stale" commit information falling away into history/legend/myth as its code gets rewritten and retouched. I've been liking how Visual Studio's CodeLens (now available in cheaper SKUs in 2015) brings focus to commit history specific to logical units in the code (methods and classes). Now I'm curious where you might be able to push things if you purpose built a "Literate Revision Control" tool and what sort of strong "epic poem" style of commit messages would best produce useful "novelizations" of a codebase... I studied Lojban ( http://lojban.org ) a bit out of curiosity many years back (in High School in a deep CONLANG phase), which is a fork of Loglan. I'll speak from the point of view of Lojban, as I know it better, but the fork doesn't fall far from the root so it should all mostly apply to Loglan as well. Essentially, Lojban and Esperanto come from different intentions: Esperanto wanted to be a common tongue that speakers of various natural languages could learn relatively easily and use for multicultural communications. Loglan and Lojban were started as experimentation around the "Strong" Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis that language influences mental structure. The goal of these languages was then to see if people used a language with more formal mathematical rigidity/"logic" to it might more easily "think" as better mathematicians. The jury is still out, of course, on whether any of these languages actually do what they set out to do. Essentially, the concept of Lojban/Loglan is kind of a "What if people actually spoke a natural language that was very similar to a programming language?" (Loglan actually predates most programming languages, and Lojban incorporated some things from programming languages over time.) From that respect, the grammar of Lojban is stringently less complex than most natural grammars (and Esperanto). There's an official PEG [Parsing Expression Grammar] specification of Lojban these days and Lojban has worked very hard to keep the language grammar Context-Free (in the Chomsky's Hierarchy/Computational Parsing sense). The language's grammar is much more like a programming language than a natural language. As for the consonant clusters, even the morphology of the words follows a fairly strict parsing pattern. For the most part when reading Lojban/Loglan you only need to pronounce three letters at a time. (This is part of the play in the name LOGical LANguage of the three letter syllable pattern in the language itself. Lojban uses the language's own symbols in its case.) Is there a benefit to Loglan or Lojban over Esperanto? Ultimately I think it's a matter of whether or not there is a benefit of Apples over Oranges: it's more a matter of your particular taste and what you want out of a conlang. They are all beautiful languages trying to do interesting things. I find Spolsky almost entirely "miss", but then I had something of a feud with him and that colors my reading of his articles... I think the clear thing that is missing here in this section you've quoted (and the article itself) is that if your components are properly factored, or at least reasonably factored, (whether 3rd party or internal), you can "value add" on top of the component without rewriting its source code (or even necessarily treating it as anything more than a black box). Don't throw the babies out with the bathwater, you know. The point he tries to make with "If it's a core business function -- do it yourself, no matter what," is undercut by his over-generalization in "If you're a software company, writing excellent code is how you're going to succeed.". If you are a software company and you've scoped "write all the software" as your job then you're likely to hit a brick wall when it comes to delivery. Your value as a software company isn't in how well you've rewritten the parts of code (like say a C compiler) that you can buy off the shelf, but in getting your final product out the door. From that perspective it truly doesn't matter how much or how little your product consists of your own code versus third party code so much as the product delivers the functionality you intend it have and adds value in meaningful areas. While the example above of puzzle-piecing a product out of a bunch of well known smaller components isn't glamorous , it gets the job done and hopefully pays the bills. Presumably if done right it gets the job done faster and more productively than your competitors that are reinventing everything themselves... Also, in the industrial world outside of software, optimizing the pieces of the puzzle is entire sets of sub-industries (such as Supply Chain Logistics) and again while that's certainly not exciting work, it can be profitable and the market is paying for those skills. Finally, I think it says a lot that the best example Joel could think to use was an out-of-date example from a version of Excel that no longer exists built by a team that also no longer exists. I don't doubt that there is code continuity from that era, but the days of Excel being a walled garden from the rest of Office, much less the rest of Microsoft, are past... I know there are critics of the push towards a "One Microsoft" culture and elimination of some of Microsoft's worsts NIH tendencies at the cultural level, but this consumer is a fan and watching what Microsoft is doing in Open Source these days is fascinating and wonderful. I absolutely think this example Spolsky cites is dumb. If Excel's 80s C compiler was so great they should have handed it off to the Developer Division to augment or better the C compiler they were selling as a product! In this case that actually was a core competency of the company and inter-team feudalism and NIH was decreasing the overall efficiency of the company and potentially keeping useful, profitable, and marketable enhancements from the profit center that could most benefit. Really just an all around terrible example. This seems interesting. Given Netflix's admitted love of RX [Reactive Extensions] I'm somewhat curious if there is a design reason that this uses Promises instead of (RxJS/Bacon/...) Observables. At first skim this seems like it could be even more useful as an Observable model. I'm also curious if there is a design reason they aren't using ES5 defineProperty/ES6 property syntax over get()/set(). This seems interesting. Given Netflix's admitted love of RX [Reactive Extensions] I'm somewhat curious if there is a design reason that this uses Promises instead of (RxJS/Bacon/...) Observables? At first skim this seems like it could be even more useful as an Observable model. I'm also curious if there is a design reason they aren't using ES5 defineProperty/ES6 property syntax over get()/set()? (Reposting my questions from: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10075433 ) «I ran a Loglan study group in college, and later studied Lojban, before abandoning conlangs (when I discovered that the strong version of the Sapir Whorf hypothesis is misguided at best -- although conlangs can be interesting for other reasons).» Not to get into too much of a tangent, but the Weak Sapir-Whorf is still an interesting view of things, where if it is easier to speak about something it is easier to work with it. I think Programming Languages bear this out over and over again (Programming Languages are very much a Sapir-Whorf playground). We have the Church-Turing Theorem and know that any Turing Complete language should be able to write just about any program one can reason about, but the fascinating thing is that different languages do seem suited to different domains and we keep trying to optimize programming languages to reason about particular problems, and all of that is fascinating. It's something we do in the miniscule in natural languages too, with jargon and domain-specific vocabulary and context. I think domain-specific conlangs is an under-explored space, and maybe modern Programming Languages have some interesting input to provide... The most important bottom line is: Maximize your employer's match. Whatever the maximum match you can get from your employer is, go for it. That is money that is a part of your salary plan that you don't get at all if you don't contribute your share of. Beyond that, a good 401k Provider is going to give you the option of HOW you invest that money you are "forced" to save. It's a stock account that you ultimately own and control. The only difference between that and say a Scottrade account you set up on your own without your Employer's involvement is the way taxes on your 401k work: Money that goes into the 401k is BEFORE your income taxes are calculated and if you manage to wait to your retirement age to withdraw from that account you NEVER pay income taxes on it. (This is why there are people that try to minimize their income taxes by maximizing their 401k contributions as much as they can afford...) That said, you can withdraw from your 401k at any time if an emergency were to happen and you need access to those funds. It's your money. You just have to be sure to set some aside for Uncle Sam and the IRS when you do. (A good 401k Provider will even help you with that.) I am not a Accountant, and you may want to ask one for specific advice for your lifestyle, but I had the same question when I was trying to figure this stuff out at 25. Hopefully this helps. Slashdot still exists, believe it or not. JungleDisk ( http://jungledisk.com ) meets several your criteria and has Linux/Mac/Windows support, but its just too bad that since Rackspace bought them they've focused almost entirely on Rackspace's cloud storage offerings. It started with AWS support (and which I still use, but which is hard to buy from JungleDisk these days) and there originally were hints when they first added Rackspace support that they might continue to support arbitrary cloud storage backends and yet that never materialized. JD has nice sync engine and a good "shared source" deduped backup "vault" format. I just wish that JD would either Open Source their software or get back around to supporting more cloud backends. I get that Rackspace wants to focus on their own offerings, but I'd love to see the JungleDisk client get more capable, again. In the larger linguistics world you have a distinction between "translation" (conversion between languages) and "transliteration" (conversion between forms of a language; cursive writing versus typing versus speech, for instance). I remember this being a particularly important distinction in learning American Sign Language (ASL) because the vocabulary is roughly English-ish it is very easy to transliterate and try to say in ASL an English sentence "as is" without meaningful changes, but just with dealing with the differences between, say, English and Spanish, to speak ASL properly you need to actually translate to more idiomatic forms and abstractions. This is extremely important to ASL not just from a "speak better ASL" standpoint but also because it comes out of a foundational, cultural imperative: ASL was not seen as "a real language" until it proven to some linguists that it validly needed translation, was not just a transliteration of English but in fact a language with its own idioms and grammar requiring translation. This disagreement is so fundamental to ASL also because there was so much pressure from people to "speak real English" rather than develop their own language. There is a transliteration-focused "alternative" to ASL that includes all of the useless English grammar and stutter words like "the" that ASL handles grammatically different, and ASL had to prove its existence against it and also to prove that it was better and also to prove that ASL speakers could still read/write English to work with the rest of the English-speaking country when their native language was grammatically different enough to require translation... It's an interesting cultural battle to read about. All of which is a long winded example to get back to the idea that the translation/transliteration difference is very similar to the compilation/transpilation difference and while I don't think we've yet seen a cultural battle for supremacy between the terms, I do think there is a usefulness in keeping the distinction. I also see the conversion between idioms/abstractions as being the key difference between compilation and transpilation. Machine language has much different idioms/abstractions from a high-level language; CoffeeScript and TypeScript try to stay very similar in idiom/abstraction to EcmaScript. The irony of course being that Slashdot has "editors" to supposedly get a stronger S/N ratio than a editor-free flood site like HN... DX12 adds support for pipelining across every GPU on a machine, potentially lighting up that "disabled silicon". This may be a value add enough reason for Intel to keep innovating its integrated graphics processing. Apache Cordova is the largest project for developing mobile applications with web technologies (HTML, CSS, JS). It may be worth a look as that should be the fastest place for you to start. I've dabbled but not yet had a project need it. From what I've seen, some places to start: You mentioned C# so you've probably used at least some Visual Studio, Visual Studio 2015 has Apache Cordova templates and emulators in the default installer now. (You can also download them as an optional separate install for VS 2013.) It's interesting that the VS Android emulator (built for Hyper-V) is the fastest and best Android emulator available right now. Also, while Cordova tries to be more browser-like than Node-like it may help to have at least passing familiarity with NodeJS. Most importantly you should know NPM (the node package manager) pretty well, as that's the main package manager for Cordova apps as well. (Also, VS helps here too as 2015 has an NPM GUI now.) If you are already doing that, then you also don't have to worry about WifiSense as the checkbox to enable it for that SSID is right there (and only there) and you can make sure that you don't check it when you type in your password. Skimming this the impression I get is that you could reduce the dependencies and rewrite it on top of a more modern parser approach such as a PEG [Parsing Expression Grammar] or parser-combinator and in fact the SNOBOL pattern matching here is very PEG-like and you could get away with just renaming/aliasing some of the basic PEG combinators to do this pattern matching and learning the PEG library of choice's conventions and likely get the bonus of IDE autocomplete/intellisense. That's very good to know. All of the examples I saw in the documentation were using the Promise "then" and I didn't see any mention that they were in fact returning Observables. If I may suggest it, perhaps you might add this a bit more explicitly to the documentation including possibly an example or two that makes use of them as Observables? I think the documentation is there, it's just the publication that's not there (whether things are just under-noticed/published or intentionally buried who knows). For what it's worth, I support the idea of a "fractional penny tax" on trades as a marketable solution to let the "free market" fix HFT. I've mostly seen it advocated by David Brin, but Congress could easily levy a tax on trading that would be some fraction of a penny (say a tenth or a hundredth of a penny). For a human scale trader that tax is a rounding error (essentially in our favor) at best and a loose change issue at worst (pull a couple pennies from your couch cushion). For HFT it's a legitimate concern and something that HFT would have to take into account. It probably wouldn't stop HFT (but that becomes a market decision if the extra "friction" from the tax is worth the "benefits" of the HFT in a cost/benefit analysis), but it might slow it down a bit, and the taxes raised by it could hopefully be put into mitigation efforts against the worst effects of HFT. For what it's worth, Windows 10 enhances the basic command host to support some more things such as nicer tab completion directly out of the box (for both traditional cmd.exe and PowerShell) without having to switch to ISE. You didn't read deep enough. Remoting and Scripting are off by default but available. Remoting is not great, but getting better soon (as in now-ish) with SSH support getting baked into PowerShell. (Yeah, that SSH, OpenSSH.) Scripting IS great, you just have to turn it on. (It's off by default because Microsoft didn't want it to be a virus vector for your Grandfather's machine who doesn't need shell scripting and likes to click on every attachment he sees in his email.) Get-Help about_Execution_Policies # Tells you everything you need to know about So the first thing I typically do in PowerShell in user accounts I control is: Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser After that I can run all the scripts I want to run. (From there it's a quick jump over to Chocolatey for application installs and PsGet for useful PowerShell scripts like PoshGit that adds your friendly Git branch info to the PowerShell prompt.) I also think that the problem has always been key distribution and trust. Explaining such things to the average person is a fun exercise in frustration and sounds to that person like way too much effort. Classic PGP "Web of Trust" really is a lot of work, and while the Certificate Authority system is easier to explain, no one wants to pay an annual subscription to some CA to send secure emails... and then how are you going to distribute those CA signed certificates? I really hope that with the big funding push, maybe Keybase.io helps circle this square and simplifies key distribution and trust enough that more average users will feel it to approachable. I'm not sure that they can, though.