I strongly suspect that there are some experiments that can be done similar to the Cavendish experiment which could prove the Quantized Inertia theory, and might even get a share of a Nobel prize. They could be done in a garage, with some cheap electronics, servos, and a raspberry pi or two. The Amp Hour Electronics Podcast - all things electronics Business of Machining - CNC machining as a business Cortex - CGP Grey and Myke Hurley discuss productivity Hello Internet - CGP Grey and Brady Haran The Joe Rogan Experience - Long form interviews, typically 3+ hours Making Sense with Sam Harris - Talk about the meaning of life The Unmade Podcast - Brady Haran and Tim Hinde discuss ideas for podcasts yet unmade FPGAs have the wrong architecture. Routing fabrics are a premature optimization. They need to be a 2d array of 4:4 look up tables. One bit in from each cartesian neighbor, a latch, and one bit out to each of them. It's turing complete. You alternate the latch clocks, thus preventing all timing issues. The delays are predictable. You can route almost trivially. You can route around defects. You can prove that programs will work as designed. See my rants for the last decade about "Bitgrid" if you want to know more. If you have a symmetric grid, you can quickly rotate, flip, and otherwise transform the program. Since all the outputs are independent, you can have computation in a cell that has results flowing into the chip, and back out to the edge at the same time. Delays are simply a matter of counting how many cells a result passes, and thus a good signal to feed to an optimizing algorithm. Just because something "has been done before" doesn't mean it's not useful now, the context has changed. Electric cars were once the default, and then internal combustion took over... and now they are back... but the were definitely "done before". Bulk computation is what we need. The maximum use of all of the transistors in a chip, at the minimum necessary clock speed and voltage to get the job done. Delays don't matter at all if you get a result each clock cycle. If you had a systolic array that was generic and routless, you could very easily compile (at run time) the filter coefficients directly into the logic, updating as you go. I'd feed inputs from the left, passing them through towards the right, then reflect them back in a manner that would keep timing right. Sums would accumulate and appear as outputs on the left. If you clocked the whole array with a 2 phase clock, you'd get an answer out every cycle, once all the pipelines were filled. Delphi was amazing. The best GUI builder I've ever seen, fast as blazes... then Borland went bust, and it got killed by being priced into obscurity. What if we just took a bunch of old steel I-beams, cut them into sheets, ground and polished them flat, then scanned with a scanning tunnelling electron microscope and looked for evidence of interaction with dark matter? You could run an experiment with observations going back to the production of the steel... 100+ years of data at the get go. Consider this: Every day that Tesla, and the electric car/solar future is delayed, is another $5 Billion of revenue for the oil and gas industry. There is a strong incentive to spread every possible bad news item about Tesla for all the people in that industry which comprises 2-3 percent of the world's GDP. In fact, if you see light from 10 billion light years away, as far as the photon is concerned, it just left, traveled for zero time, and hit your eyeball. I'm amazed that it's less than a picojoule to do an 8 bit add. Most of the transistors in a modern computation environment are just sitting there waiting to be touched by an instruction (far, far more transistors in RAM than in the CPUs, overall).... computing prematurely optimized on the wrong architecture.... there's still a lot of room to grow, speed wise. It is possible to make secure operating systems, doing so has been discouraged since the demise of multics. A sense of futility is now endemic to the Information Technology community, because they think such a thing is impossible, they won't even try, and actively deride anyone who states otherwise. The security research required to build multi-level secure operating systems was completed in response to information processing requirements during the Vietnam conflict... there are multiple models which work... none of which are implemented. It doesn't have to be this way... look up capability based security. That was interesting, but I need to let those things sit for a day or two and stew in my brain. The frequency at which an MRI works is directly proportional to the strength of magnetic field,all the way down to that of the earth's magnetic field. The downside is that sampling time is inversely proportional to frequency... which makes getting high resolution at low fields impractical. Seems like he's made some trade-offs and likely some better signal processing to help make up for the lower field. I'm fairly certain I could explain the whole thing, all the way down, to any sufficiently interested person. I'll never forget the day that my chemistry professor explained how a transistor worked... no quantum mechanics required. Sure, I'd have to look some details up, but if I can learn it, so can you. So, if I understand this correctly... Gaussian Processes are a way of trying every possible function to fit a set of data points, being constrained a bit more with each new data point. All neural networks in the list, given sufficient size, are essentially Gaussian in their behavior, and thus share the same features and limitations. Right? Google Picasa - A photo organizer that works offline, and lets you run facial recognition on your photos to organize and tag them. It has a bug, and sometimes gets labels swapped if you have more than one in a photo, which then metastasizes to corrupt the samples used to compare new photos against. It was awesome, and now it's gone. The fix is described at .." rel="nofollow">https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/commit/e4b8389b27ce4e76... . it was simple, but elusive because of unsafe assumptions made in the name of performance. "Put the filename calc back in _connect. Fixes #916 It was moved to __init__ to avoid recalculating, but the directory could have changed, so we need to wait to do the work. Instead, only do the relpath on systems that need it (Windows Py 2)." The fix was to undo a seemingly safe performance tweak... From https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/commit/e4b8389b27ce4e76... "Put the filename calc back in _connect. Fixes #916 It was moved to __init__ to avoid recalculating, but the directory could have changed, so we need to wait to do the work. Instead, only do the relpath on systems that need it (Windows Py 2)." I did too... but plowed forward with a project in Python... until it stalled.... took about 20 hours and re-implemented it in Lazarus/Free pascal, and haven't looked back since. It's not quite as solid as Delphi was, but then again I don't have $5k to dump on a compiler right now. I wrote a co-operative multi-tasker for Turbo Pascal 7, back in the day. I needed to be able to pipe things between a few filter routines, and it helped make everything work. In the middle of compute heavy code, you sprinkled calls to "Yield"... and it worked. The article seems to be gone from the website... but my standard diatribe could still fit... here's the tldr: Current OS designs can't protect themselves because they lack "capabilities".. a concept created to solve problems during the Vietnam war, perfected in the 1970s and then forgotten by almost everyone... except a few folks, some of whom are at genode.org I was hoping to find something I could use on my PC, only to find it is a service, not an RSS reader. I used to use Turbo Pascal, then Delphi long ago... both object oriented, and useful as heck. These days I'm getting warmed up to Lazarus/FreePascal, as the Delphi price hikes killed it as an option. I have no idea what a "factory" is... and hope I never find out. C++, C#, etc all are too darned fixated on proving how clever the programmers and language designers are.... meanwhile we just get stuff done in the Pascal world. It's the C that's the problem. That sounds like a really bad idea. Eventually you'll consider the SVN stuff to be lost, and it'll be impractical to import it later. As all the responses show, that history has real value.. you don't want to lose it. And if you can't afford Delphi, Lazarus is okay, not as well documented, but works well, and the price is right. ($0.00) I wrote an application that we sold to clients in TP. I implemented a set of libraries to do forms based editing, a cooperative form of multi-tasking, and the ability to pipe text between those tasks. It was a lot of fun, and a bit mind bending to have a function return from the spawn call twice. 8) that was not expletive-laden it was not a rant he sounded pretty calm, but annoyed to me. I have a friend who used to work at IBM... and does Model railroading... there could be an interesting intersection there. 8) This could be used as a combustor in a turbine engine, increasing efficiency by a few percent... which could save huge amounts of fuel. The idea of hiding all the icons when not on the screen surprised me... I've been using computers since 1979, and never thought of doing that. I do like his point about the increasingly small and easy to miss targets that GUIs have been forcing on us... especially now that my laptop has a 1920x1080 display and a crappy NO BUTTON touch pad. (more than 1/2 of the time I get a right-click instead of left-click!) If I could somehow activate a menu with maximum 8 choices in each keyboard direction (that are NOT subject to automatic moving around, so that a given motion is repeatable)... and cascade that as many levels deep as required.... I could get a lot more done, a lot faster. It was worth the watch time, thanks! I had the job of repairing some of these. They were made by Westinghouse in 1964 as part of a control system running an 6 stand rolling mill. The nice thing about them is you can have several inputs, all electrically isolated from each other (separate sense windings) and they worked all the way down to DC, which surprised the heck out of me. The driver was a 10khz square wave, so the frequency response was DC to 1khz... fast enough for control loops. The only thing missing from modern pascal (Lazarus/Free Pascal) is first class support for the new types such as lists, generators, heaps and other goodies Python and it's kin bring to the party. I needed to pull a parameter from a string yesterday, reached back into my archives, and with a little bit of work... 28 year old code did the job. (Strings have changed a bit since MS-DOS) Wait, there's a timer involved? I always ignore those. Our Chicago area group (APCU) is down to about 50 members, and we meet virtually thanks to the mismanagement of the plague here in the US, last time was a Zoom call. The hardware has gotten reliable, and even the software isn't so cringy as it used to be. Gone are the days when we started each meeting with "Microsoft Bashing" just to get it out of the way. So there we were... expecting a + or - on the test... we got a vertical bar | and a 2 day wait because we were in the middle of nowhere... Yellowstone. Sproutlet is 14 now. 8) Prediction: In the next few days, the NSA/FBI use their trove of data to track down all of Antifa, and make arrests. It lets the Democrats off the hook, lets Trump say "law and order", lets the NSA keep it's toys, and the risk of civil war drops a bit, increasing National Security. They could even frame Iran or North Korea in the process. Bonus points for the Military Industrial Complex. Not this old sysadmin.... count slow when waiting to reboot cable modems.... or you have to wait and do it again. I have Schrodinger's Covid... it's possible I had it, or not... and may never know. I tested negative once, but those tests are only sensitive to ongoing infection. I had co-workers who definitely had it. I've been short of breath ever since. I stayed upstairs by myself for a month, and then had a boatload of tests. Never had a fever, and things only tasted weird for a day. I've had a f*ckton of tests, including a probe in my heart... so I'm not likely to just drop dead. I'm left with "it might be asthma" or reconditioning. By the time all the testing and resting was done... after 12 weeks I was finally clear to go back to work... and laid off 1 hour later, over the phone. The last few days, has been worse than the new normal. Right now I'm a bit dizzy just sitting and typing. My pulse and oxygen levels are normal, though. It hurts to breath in deeply. I have a close friend with an almost identical symptoms and history. It really sucks not to be able to even go to the store without coming home and needing to rest for an hour or two. I feel like I've aged 10 years in the past 6 months. All the focus on the dead ignores the side effects, which are going to hit this country like a hammer because leadership failed to contain it, and now we've got almost 1/4 of all the cases in the world. Stay home, wash your hands, and wear a mask. The alternative is common words meaning different things, depending on field or specialty. Case in point: Entropy Universe: 50 / Sim Level: 13 Paperclips: 153,625 It told me many things I already knew... but it enabled me to summarize them in a new way. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter,etc.. all exist to sell your attention to advertisers. This means they want to keep you on site for as long as possible. The algorithms used find the nearest rabbit hole, and gently push you in that direction. The hole might lead to a new skill, just plain fun, or could be horrible for you and society. They don't care about the effects, they only care about the profits. Evil isn't the intent, it's just the side effect. I've always had an interest in Forth. It's a very powerful tool that I just never got the hang of. When OS/2 was still young, and Microsoft hadn't killed it off yet... I was told that you couldn't write assembler programs in OS/2.... which I took as a challenge. Forth/2 was the result. Under OS/2 V2 it generated native code, and actually got quite a few users once Brian Matthewson wrote a manual for it. These days, I wonder if it's possible to run Forth inside a VM as the operating system. How hard would it be to stand up a networking stack? I have an older friend who has always wanted an "atomic clock", and he bought one off of e-bay, an HP-5061b.... it almost worked right. Between the two of us, we got it working, and tuned to the right Zeeman frequency. Once we got the hang of repairing them, two was even better.... we put each one into the XY channels of an oscilloscope.... the pattern never shifted over hours... so cool! The optical clocks and optical frequency combs mean there are devices that you can buy, with internal atomic clocks, that are effectively Frequency Counters, for blue light... that read down to the Hertz! I want one of those when I'm older. ;-) In mainframe operating systems, you give a process a virtual disk, and some I/O channels. The process has zero access to the rest of the system. A modern system needs to do exactly the same thing, use Capabilities to specify access a virtual machine has, and default to nothing else. On a datacenter scale. As a present day Lazarus/Free Pascal programmer... I found this dive into history interesting. I had an almost allergic reaction to the idea of not type checking everything at compile time, but I do see how in some cases it can help if that is postponed. What was REALLY interesting to me was the idea of objects as processes, and passing messages instead of function calls. The machine I'm using to type this has an 8 cores, and I can see that thousands are on the way eventually. Hanging on to programming models that only execute serially will become very time prohibitive in the near term future. The idea of immutable variables always struck me as oxymoronic... but if an object is always resolved by id or name each time it is used, it resolves some rather nasty deadlocks, while allowing failure to be recovered from. It seems obvious to me that I'm going to have to give up the ability to know exactly how variables are stored, in order to gain this flexibility. It seems like it will be worth the trade off, as compute cost declines, and communication costs remain relatively constant. There is much in this to ponder, thanks for sharing. Bad choice or no, the language is appropriate... Constants should remain constant at runtime. Variables should be allowed to vary. I don't see why people think immutable strings is a good idea, for example. How do you ever build a text editor, if the strings can't be edited? Ward Christensen, who was working for IBM in Technical Sales support at the time, heard it at work. I have no idea what the heck is going on with objects in C++, it makes no sense to me. The model in Delphi/Lazarus/Free Pascal has always seemed quite natural to me since I first encountered it.