Fantastic looking. Forked, and going to deal it with myself tomorrow! Also, to anyone who forks this and decides to use, you might want to remove the authors original google analytics! I'm not criticising, I'm only trying to complement what you've already done. The buttons show an underline on Safari on OSX when they're hovered over. I'm working on it now, and will post a link with my fixes later on. Fantastic work, thanks so much! I get that, I was just wondering really. I have no problem with it personaly, I'd rather see ads for stuff I'm actually looking for than singles in my area Not sure how true this is. I'm based in dublin, and there's 40 people in final year engineering, plus about 100 in final year computer science, plus another 30 misc. final year students that will be looking for development positions from one university in Dublin. There's 4 major Irish universities in Dublin, and I'm in the smallest of them, so there's probably 900-1000 grads from CompSci/Software Engineering from just Dublin alone. Add to that the pub standards meetups, where there's regularly 1-200 people there, and I know of plenty of other people that don't travel to the events. There's a large amount of talent in Dublin, and I would imagine all the other cities in Ireland too. I'm an undergraduate Engineering Student. About 16000 undergrads in my University. EDIT: I also know javascript Up in Ireland! I like it. Could we get it emailed to us every day? Pity that blue manilla folder is the same folder as every other folder on mac I don't know why the author is annoyed at this, it's not as if he's paying for the service. that's great. but why doesn't ctrl c do it? I mean it closes everything else on my system, except man pages, vim and some other programs that use less. D2's multiplayer sucked. It wasn't until LOD (a year to the day later) plus patches that the mutliplayer was decent. And I think you're misinformed, I know plenty of people (myself included) that still play D3 and enjoy it. That's not necessarily a European view on abortion. Many countries in Europe are strongly catholic (Ireland, Spain, Italy come to mind), and in some cases, the religious views have affected the laws (read: Ireland). I'm Irish, and abortion is a hotly debated topic; The main people against legalising it are staunchly catholic groups and use this as their basis. Check out kaleidoscope if you've got a few minutes to try out a new tool. Blew P4Merge out of the water for me. And BeyondCompare if you're on windows. Linux; sorry :( I posted above; and someone else said you were on a mac. Check out Kaleidoscope. Surely you can disable the garbage collector for particular segments of code? This is particulary impressive, seeing as it came from Polygon, who are notoriously pro-MS Not quite 100000, but 1000 people are watching one guy play clash of clans right now on twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/directory/game/Clash%20of%20Clans I'm an avid FF user, and also a (relatively) proficient programmer, with skills in python c++ and a little javascript, but I'm terrified of getting involved with something this size. I have no idea where to even begin trying to help! pulling the code right now! Now that you mention it, the first time I logged in on mavericks, I noticed a delay, akin to using msysgit on windows. I did fix this, I think by altering some of the parameters passed to the login command. Breaks a lot of other functionality, but it works. My parents still buy EVERYTHING in brick and mortars. I work in a retail store, selling computers and accessories. People tell me it's dead, I can guarantee you it's not. Maybe when our parents generations are gone, but not until then. I'm not a java developer, but their tools are fantastic. I started using PyCharm about 2 years ago, and nothing else compares. Only complaint I have is that PyCharm's updates aren't as quick as INtelliJ's, so when you guys get the nice features, we have to wait for it in PyCharm land. Its interesting that you mention their ad breaks. For 6 months, I had no idea that spotify operated a premium service whatsoever, until they imposed the 2.5hr limit per week on my account and hit me with more ads. I subscribed immediately. Started with Paint.net, went to Gimp, then to Photoshop and currently jumping between Gimp and Photoshop. Bear in mind, I'm a developer who sometimes has to dabble in graphics. I only use GIMP because I can't afford the license on my home computer, and my university supplies my Photoshop license. While I think gimp has the potential to be great, the UI and workflow is painful in comparison to PS. For instance, take creating a rectangle with a gradient on it (with curved corners), and a border that fades from one color to transparent (thinking a rectangular button here). Photoshop: Choose foreground colour and bg color to be the two points on your gradient. Pick curved rectangle tool. Drag rectangle, and change fill type in the top bar to be radial gradient. Click Stroke, and change fill type to gradient. adjust the color. GIMP. Select the selection tool(why???) Drag the selection to your desired state. Apply a gradient to the stroke by... I don't know actually. then go to slect, and choose rounded rectangle, and choose the border radius (in %??? what the hell sort of measurement is this). Click Ok. Go to edit, and choose stroke selection, and choose stroke with Paint Brush. (This creates an empty border with a stroke around it). Use Gradient fill tool to create the centre of the rounded rectangle, then resize to fit within the border because I can't figure out how to not apply the gradient to the border which is in the selection. In the end, you get the same result. But PS's workflow makes more sense. to draw a rectangle, you use... a rectangle tool. In gimp, you select the shape you want and draw a stroke around your selection. I also find gimps export a pain in the ass. Why can't I click save as, and save as a PNG rather than having to export? It's clunky, and a pain to use. No matter how powerful a tool is, it's useless if the interface is non-intuitive. I know they don't want to go the adobe route, but they may consider taking some inspiration from one of the most researched products in the world. Exactly. However, the methods of obtaining these files legitimately have improved vastly since then too. I will take whatever route is most convenient. For music, if I can give you my card details and you take a prearranged amount from my account every month, and I don't get interrupted, I will happily pay for this service (Spotify). Give me a TV service where I pay a fixed fee, and get to watch what I want when it suits me (on a saturday night, not at 9pm on a tuesday when I have to be up at 6 the following day), and I'll pay for it (Netflix). Service to get the latest and greatest game that my friend has been talking about all day, but all the shops are closed when I get home? Steam! Note that steam started selling 3rd party games in 2005, Spotify started in 2008 and Netflix started in 2007 (Streaming I mean, not the DVD on delivery). I realise this is only true for a small minority of countries (I'm in ireland), but Before these services, the alternatives were pirate or go and buy in a store. Now that I can easily get the media I want through legitimate means, I have virtually no reason to pirate stuff. Sometimes however, games I want/music I want is unavailable on X service. If I download it/use it I'm probably going to buy it at the next opportunity anyway. > We need people to stop worrying about "casual gaming at scale" and start worrying about "living a good life at scale". I'm a healthy male in my 20's, I eat well and exercise regularly. I'd be PISSED if everyone stopped working on games and tried to solve all the eating problems of my friends because they're too lazy to do it themselves, instead of catering to what people who already try to live healthily want to do. Because, before the internet was widespread and used for distribution, the only way to get your research out was to be published in journals. Part of this deal involves handing over the rights to your paper to the publishers. This is pretty standard procedure: JK Rowling isn't going to be going giving rights to penguin books for the Harry potter books while she has a contract whereby Bloomberg publish the books currently, it's a similar idea. Additionaly, the measure of an academics success is based on his (or her) citations, and if your citations are from "website of some guy", nobody is going to take you seriously. It's a vicious circle, and the whole system needs reforming, however the thing is, conferences such as SIGGRAPH, FOCS, INFOCOM etc etc all play an important role, that they offer peer reviewing, and you can guarantee quality (if something is published in SIGGRAPH, then you can normally rely on it). Until there are viable alternatives, which are accepted and can ensure that the quality of the articles appearing is of a high enough quality, this isn't going to change. But you can't do that without requesting both images from the host. >and yet they're demanding take-down notices of such pre-prints hosted on 3rd party machines. In the contract you sign, it's clearly stated you can't upload your manuscript to 3rd party distribution sites, other than arxiv. Don't get me wrong here, I'm not keen on what they're doing, but they're staying within their contracts. I'm also interested in this - I'm graduating in August with a Masters in CS, (degree in engineering), and all I can find are the likes of Google graduate program, (or other similar sized companies), rather than R&D-style positions... Not really. They don't accept drivers licenses, so if you're flying from Ireland, your only option is a passport. It can also be called the reddit hug of death. Works, but the gist is now gone. However, it looks so similar to sublime, I can't believe it. In case anyone is looking for it: the command is curl -L https://www.atom.io/api/updates/download -A "Atom/0.1 CFNetwork/1.5" > Atom.zip How do they not notice almost 3 billion yen missing? That's almost 30 million dollars if I'm not mistaken. I don't think you understand what he meant. I know there are companies around me that have offices located in not-so-central areas of the city that offer a free bus service to bring you from major public transport hubs to their offices. Maybe it would be more subtle if they didn't change the face of the DVD and subtly let you go "Hey, do you smell pizza" to whoever else is in the room? any chance of an invite? EDIT: Teceived, and removed email address! Thank you very much! Will share these on here later. This is cool and all, but it's another Chrome only site. You might as well have another desktop app that I have to download. Why isn't there support for other major, Modern browsers such as FF, Opera and IE11? Sounds like a problem with your connection. Netflix streams 720p for me, but whenever there's a downward spike in my speed, rather than interrupt me by buffering it drops to 480p until it has had the chance to download again in 720p. My stance, as a Netflix and Spotify subscriber is: I'd be happy to pay double what I'm paying right now if you would give me the content. If I had the ability to get the US Netflix library selection(Ireland here) for 16 euro a month I'd be delighted. Remember also, that we pay much more than you guys in the states do. You pay 60 euro a year, whereas we pay 100, and you get more content than we do. I don't get why they don't want my money.If I can't find it on netflix/spotify I'll check iTunes, which is usually a dead end, and then finally I'll pirate it. Why not let me pay 8 bucks a month for HBO access aswell, I'd happily do it! Are there any books available that someone could recommend for me to go down this route, specifically for hand crafting assembly routines inside my C++ programs. (note I'm currently only compiling for 32 bit). It's something of interest to me, but I've never gotten around to it. I'm comfortable with ARM assembly, and have a solid enough understanding to proceed, but the references I've come across so far go as far as "here's how to embed a simple ASM snipped inside your code, now you know how to do it" and then skip to "copy and paste for specific routine". I'd like some exercises for in between stages, for stuff that might actually be worthwhile doing. I played both consoles for about 3-4 hours pre launch (each), knowing that I was going to buy one. I was a 360 owner last gen, and PS2 the previous gen, so I don't have any real allegiances. However, I much preferred the PS4, not only for game selection, but the controllers felt better, and Kinect is great at first, but it really is a bit gimmicky after a while. Kinect sports is fun with friends, but not so much on your own. PS4 has exclusives like Infamous, Killzone, Knack(which I thoroughly enjoyed), Resogun, and loads more. Xbox has Ryse(didn't like it) dead rising(granted, it's fun) Forza(I want this one)and Titanfall(on the fence, probably don't care to be honest). The selection of games on PS4 is far superior, coupled with faster installation times, a much smaller box, and better looking games, makes it a no brainer IMHO Not everyone leaves their browsers open when they're at the computer. I don't, and on a 100/100 connection, from click to inbox open it takes me almost 7 seconds. I tried it twice on all 3 of my gmail accounts with varying results, but none faster than 5. Sorry, forgot to check this. One left! So you think this just all happened in the last week? > People still do that? Yeah, we do. Somebody has to manage all that memory that you throw around in your ruby/python scripts. not the downvoter, but my 2c: > if only for the visually jarring effect it has I don't find the effect jarring in the slightest, actually. there's a gentle fade into the background and then the tiles fade in, which I find quite easy on the eyes. > since they removed the Recent files I work with my apps pinned to taskbar. If I want to open my last VS solution, I right click on VS and click the top icon, which is the recent list? Maybe there was another recent list. > Interop between modern and classic is still terrible I agree here, in fact I would go as far as to say it's non existent, although I'm not 100% sure what sort of interaction I would expect between them. Allowing the metro apps access to more functionality would reduce the sandbox level in WinRT, so that's not going to happen. The only way I can see it happening is if MS give desktop apps access ti metro/modern app data, which is a privacy nightmare, so I don't know what the solution here is. I'd be interested in hearing one though. > no windowed modern apps Article says all MS universal apps will be windowed going forward, so I guess that means they're backing down on this. > start search is split by app type don't know what you mean here. If I type in "Evernote", I get Evernote(desktop App) Evernote(text file I have named evernote) Evernote(Metro App) > The modern UI also suffers from not allowing renaming of apps. Rename the classic ones so? > but frankly, booting isn't where I spend most of my time Where do you spend most of your time? By the sounds of your criticisms, searching among the number of metro and classic apps you have installed, on the metro screen? I don't know about you, but 95% of my time is spent with FF, visual studio, spotify, sourcetree and 3DS max open, none of which are affected by the metro interface, so nothing has changed for me. The only complaint people have is the start screen for Windows 8, which seems to more be a case of "I like the start menu", although as you state there is some missing functionality re: recent files. But what about the improvements? My boot time was cut substantially, I'm on my desktop(including going via the start screen because I like booting to it and seeing the live update travel tile and looking forward to my next holdiay) in ~ 8 seconds. Much better multiple monitor support, for backgrounds, multi-taskbars. Built in reset and restore settings. File History: this is awesome. Works like time machine for OSX and is a major upgrade over Backup and Restore. I've also noticed my usage is snappier than it was on 7, and an increase in battery life on my MBP ( I run bootcamp). Built in ISO mounting (bye bye wincdemu) is also cool. Overall, I'm happy, and won't be changing back. This is awesome, thanks