Check the mailing list - it's been made to build with MSVC2008 and the ATI Stream SDK beta that includes a CPU-only implementation of OpenCL. Presumably, it wouldn't matter which side of the acoustic tiles the neutrino detectors are on. They could really even be on the inside of the hull. The only requirement is to have a large total surface area for the detectors. What I wonder about is interference from the onboard nuclear reactors. Does anybody know how much in the way of neutrinos a typical naval reactor produces? Wikipedia indicates that reactors are typically big producers of anti-neutrinos. I think it serves a very real need: discipline. By making it the most basic wave feature, they're committing to making sure that the system can always handle a constant stream of realtime updates from every user. If anybody breaks it or introduces a performance regression, everybody will notice. It also means that people writing robots and extensions can assume that they can deal with updates in realtime, on such a fine grained level. If extension writers had to worry that per-character updates might introduce too much overhead, it would hamper their creativity. Graph theory is conspicuously absent from the list. Is that considered computer science these days, or does the author not think it is particularly important for programmers? Wow. That's really out of date. Trying to use that guide these days will do more harm than good. I've suffered through the "have the smart kids help teach the dumb kids" thing in American schools. I've come to the conclusion that it is too easy to screw up to be a workable large-scale policy. In my classes, it degenerated to the point where my assignments were no better than busy work, and I had nothing more to learn from picking up the teacher's slack by tutoring other students. (Teaching can be a great way to learn, but it can only get you so far.) In the end, I dealt with the problem by leaving the public school system entirely, so that it wouldn't get in the way of me learning new things. In order for an educational environment to be stimulating for a gifted student, there has to be a critical mass of people who can learn and converse on the level of the gifted student. One teacher with other students to tend to is woefully inadequate. Having two or three other gifted students in your class still isn't enough. In my experience, there has to be a cohort of at least 6-8 gifted students before ideas begin to flow and an actual academic community forms. Once your group is that big, there really have to be at least some dedicated lectures that progress at their pace or at a greater depth than for the general student population, and the coursework needs to be adjusted accordingly. It isn't necessary to completely segregate school populations, but there is ample evidence that for certain subjects (most notably, math), the difference in ability is too great to be handled by a single class without leaving behind a significant portion of the students. Their averages are nice, but they say nothing about how their system works for the students who can perform above average in their sleep. Unless you've got evidence to the contrary, I assume that the Finnish method isn't magically successful, and it looks good on paper at the expense of not enabling the best and brightest to reach their full potential. Given what the Wikipedia article says about the obstacles to establishing alternative schools, I'd say that being a highly gifted student in Finland is likely to be quite frustrating. Peer tutoring can be great when the issue is a mismatch of learning styles, which is inevitably common when the student:teacher ratio is high. But that doesn't really have anything to do with gifted students. It works well for pretty much any population. On the other hand, peer tutoring is not a good way to make up for differences in raw intelligence, and asking a gifted student to help a student that really needs a remedial class is insulting to both students. Useful page titles are absolutely crucial to tabbed browsing. For example, all the page titles here start with the string "Hacker News | ", which is completely redundant given the favicon, and could just as well go at the end of the title. As things stand now, my tabs seldom show more than the first three or four characters of the actual article title. So? There's a selection bias in who attempts to qualify for gifted programs, and the quoted percentiles are relative to the general population. These kinds of tests aren't re-normed with every administration. The magnitude of this selection bias doesn't seem at all surprising. You've just given the most concise and accurate description of my fourth grade year I've ever heard. Unsurprisingly, leaving the public schools after sixth grade was the best thing to happen in the development of my social skills. They've said it's the best iMac display yet, and I doubt they could claim that the LED backlighting more than makes up for any deficiencies of E-IPS compared to the S-IPS they used to use. You can get an ITIN without being a citizen or resident of the US, it's just seldom necessary. The most common reason seems to be foreign nationals with American investments that are taxed by the IRS. Apple isn't turning the AppleTV into a Tivo killer because they don't want to kill Tivo by supplanting it. They want to kill Tivo by suffocating it - destroying the market that Tivo competes in by supplanting the products that Tivo complements. Apple wants cable TV to die, and be replaced by on-demand video over the Internet (obviously, there preference of provider is iTunes). To some extent, this is inevitable: coax bandwidth is more valuable to cable providers when it is used for high-speed internet than for channels that are seldom watched. Given sufficient competitive pressures, cable providers will allocate less and less bandwidth to QAM and more to DOCSIS. Most likely, they will end up with relatively few channels provided over QAM, and all optional and premium content provided on-demand over IP. At this point, if Net Neutrality is in effect, Apple will be able to easily compete against and dominate the market for premium channels, because no cable company is going to come up with a solution that sucks less than whatever Apple has at the time. The complete death of traditional cable TV could follow if basic cable content can be made available over the internet without too much trouble for Apple or consumers. In other words, the Apple TV is stagnant because the market it is intended for isn't big enough yet. Apple is taking the time to refine it as a low-priority project so that they will be ready to make the the killer product as soon as the market is ready. We most certainly do know how to teach problem solving. I do it all the time in my Boy Scout troop. Of course, exactly none of the methods I use would work in the context of a school classroom, but that's as much a critique of our schooling methods as it is of my teaching methods. If people only down-vote fairly (ie. to suppress a comment that contains a factual error that has been explained by another comment) then the net effect of allowing down-votes is to give users relatively more influence over the ranking of posts. The issue of whether to allow down-votes ultimately is a trade-off between stronger and faster filtering of comments, and fewer opportunities for abuse. My general understanding is that the last person to be well-versed in basically all of mathematics was Euler. When he got through with it, the field was too broad for any mortal to obtain a working knowledge of most of it. It seems that now, given the above, hardly anybody tries to broaden their horizons after a certain point in their career. (It feels like every course I take these days, I end up making a connection between a topic and another branch of math or computer science, but my instructor doesn't know enough about the other field to appreciate what I bring up.) While I don't think the problem is quite as severe as Zeilberger claims, I do feel like conference talks should strive to be more accessible to specialists of other fields and to students. Particularly for a conference like the Joint Mathematics Meetings, it would be cool if speakers prepared their talks to be more like TED talks: just technical enough to make sure that the audience can understand the really interesting aspect of the research. More importantly, http://launchd.macosforge.org/ Because every version of FF is more standards-compliant than IE6. This is an important milestone in the adoption of web standards. Really? It seems to me that half of those items are the exact opposite of what worked well for Apple, and many of the things from the list that Apple tried didn't work out so well (eg. 63, about embracing Java). I think Apple's formula for success over the past decade boils down to three key elements: 1. Throwing out all the old hardware and software designs 2. Taking NeXTSTEP mainstream 3. Jonathan Ive Number 1 in my list was only weakly expressed by the Wired list, number 2 was said in some ways, but there were also some conflicting suggestions, and number 3 was completely unanticipated, despite being by far the most important factor. I was being a bit facetious in listing just Ive, but I don't think it's a stretch to say that his industrial design department has been that important to Apple's success. Most notably, the iPod is almost certainly the product that gave Apple the financial stability to develop OS X into what it is today, and to undertake the Intel transition that enabled them to take over the high-end computer market. If the iPod had been only slightly better than the other mp3 players of the time, Apple probably wouldn't have been able to make much profit off it or the iTunes Media Store. I think since Interface Builder had been around for many years by the time the article was written, we can write this one off as author ignorance rather than give him the benefit of the doubt. I think you're confusing the circumstances of the introduction of the iPod and the iPhone. I certainly agree with you that the iPhone's success is only minimally related to industrial design, and mostly due to a well-designed operating system and ecosystem. The iPod, on the other hand, was on the market for a year and a half before the iTunes store opened. Its competitors were the likes of the Creative NOMAD players, which were very much clunky, some even in comparison to portable CD players. The iPod software certainly wasn't revolutionary. It was the physical interface, centered around the clickwheel and far simpler than the competition that was so groundbreaking. As slashdot so famously and bluntly put it, the iPod was downright lame in most other respects. Aren't there enough objectively bad things about Flash to justify summarizing it as "evil"? It does so many bad things to a web site's accessibility, usability, download size, security, and performance that anybody with a genuine interest in making the web a better place should be encouraging migration to the open standards based alternatives. Now that HTML5 features are available, it seems that the only significant things Flash has going for it are a large install base and a decent authoring tool. Fundamental language bugs (ambiguity, etc.) can be fixed. Security bugs will almost certainly be the result of something in the standard library, which has not been frozen. What kind of math department were you at? It may be due to the slight applied-leaning nature of my department, but the top professors earn six-figure salaries, and the assistant department head that I do research with drives a very nice, new BMW SUV. Still, your friend's point about his lifestyle is important. Teachers at any level are seldom paid well, but the work environment and schedule often make up for it, so long as you still enjoy teaching. Just consider how in the business world, the concept of a sabbatical is often quite foreign. Just because grad schools don't currently engender generalists doesn't mean that they are a bad thing or less important. It's just harder to measure how accomplished and brilliant a generalist is than it is to measure the contribution of a researcher that has made significant progress in a specific area. Generalism is only really well rewarded when it produces an unexpected solution to or progress toward a solution of an open problem. My impression is that professors get to work with industry on their terms: they only collaborate for specific projects that are of interest to them, and they do it in a non-corporate environment, with students to do most of the dirty work. I had my home number linked to my account, but then a third person in the household got a GV number and linked it to our home phone. This caused my account to drop my landline as a forwarding number, but it still works fine with the Gizmo number. So, would you argue in favor of a constitutional amendment? Because as far as the US Constitution is concerned, the innovation is the only thing that matters. Since an amendment is clearly not what's under debate here, what do you think would be the most appropriate resolution for this case, within the constraints of the current constitution? I don't think you could sail "upwind" using just a solar sail, but you could use the sail to reduce your angular momentum about the star and then let gravity pull you back toward the sun. Any ruling striking down the Bilski patent without placing new limits on software patents would be ineffectual, wouldn't it? Breyer alluded to business method patents filed in the form of "Do X, with/on a computer", but if those and purely mathematical software patents are made clearly invalid, then that would take care of most of the problematic software patents. This flu still kills some people. And even for those people who don't suffer serious complications, they are still sick for a few days. If there's no vaccination and the strain becomes epidemic, then you can expect to see at least a 1% drop in GDP solely due to everybody having to miss out on three or four days of work. Chipotle's meats (particularly the steak) can be quite bad at times, but the rest of their stuff is pretty good, and their chips are great. I haven't been to a Taco Bell since a Chipotle opened up in my neighborhood, despite the Taco Bell being quite a bit cheaper and only two blocks further away. Since this is using mini DisplayPort connectors, it will have the same problem that the RadeonHD 5000 series have for 3-way Eyefinity setups: if your monitors don't have DisplayPort connectors, you'll need an active adapter to convert to a DVI port, and those run about $100 each. I really doubt that the market for this card will be very big, given that ATI's Eyefinity is capable of driving 6 displays with more advanced drivers, and at a much lower cost. The risk isn't that somebody else could patent the technology. The risk is that somebody else already has a patent that could be applied to your technology. If you can get a patent for your technology, that makes it much harder for somebody to stretch their patent to cover your technology, because the presumption of competence on the part of the USPTO leads to the conclusion that the two patents cover different things. Go for an HP graphing calculator, then. ARM processor, SD slot, far more powerful programming tools, especially the built-in ones. TI's have BASIC on the calculator, but HPs have an interpreted language, a compiled systems programming language, and an assembler and disassembler all in ROM. And you can run a C cross-compiler on your laptop. It's nowhere near as powerful as a PDA, but it has a great keyboard (for math, at least) and runs off AAs. The $99 adapter is necessary for dual-link DVI, which is necessary to drive a monitor that is over 1920x1200. I don't really know whether people using 8 monitors are typically using high-resolution monitors, or indeed whether the card in question can actually drive several high-resolution monitors, but the necessity of a more expensive adapter has already pissed off many gamers trying for a 3-way eyefinity setup. To my knowledge, Apple hasn't submitted Blocks to any standards body, but that doesn't mean that they don't want it adopted by other systems. They've open-sourced libdispatch, which is most useful with Blocks, and it's been picked up for FreeBSD. Unfortunately, Blocks conflicts with the C++0x proposal for lambdas, which itself conflicts with the Objective-C message notation. However, it seems likely that there will soon (on the timescale of language standardization) be reconciliation and a standard notation for lambdas and closures for C and friends. Libdispatch will almost certainly be compatible with that notation, and be available on most *nix systems that are likely to adopt things like C++0x relatively quickly. In light of that, one could see Blocks as Apple wanting to ensure that at least one closures-for-C implementation starts getting real-world exposure, much as OpenCL was their way of ensuring that there is at least one vendor-neutral GPGPU API, even if it isn't the best possible. If their methods do end up becoming de facto standards , Apple could gain a lot by being the preferred and most mature implementation. If not, there's no real harm to Apple, because their platform is already "different". I don't think what you describe is really accurate for Apple in recent years. For starters, their laptops are objectively the best laptops that are actually portable. Apple has really only been excessively proprietary in a few instances, most notably with the App Store where they are acting out of the fear that an unfiltered marketplace could hurt their platform. (In this respect, they are very much like game console manufacturers.) However, most of their other oddities, including Firewire, AAC, Objective-C, GCD, launchd, and miniDisplayPort are at least as open as their primary competitors. The rest of what you perceive as being too proprietary is probably a combination of Apple's willingness to be different and their refusal to compete in many low-end low-margin markets. I'm typing this on a MacBook Pro running Vista x64. It's a MBP because those are really powerful machines, but still have great battery life and are very compact and portable. It's running Vista x64 because I'm doing scientific computation that involves Windows-only software (mainly SolidWorks). It feels weird and a bit dirty, but I'm pretty sure there isn't another mobile hardware platform that can meet my needs as well as the MBP. I still boot into OS X when I'm doing something like watching a movie or if I'm "off the clock" and doing personal stuff with the machine. It constantly reminds me of just how big a difference there is between Windows and OS X in terms of everyday usability. NeXTSTEP wasn't based off the Linux kernel, and I think even if it had been GPL'd, it probably wouldn't have ended up that the Linux port was the preferred way to run it. Consider that OPENSTEP/Mach was contemporaneous with Red Hat Linux 4 and kernel 2.0. Everybody in the market for a desktop Linux distribution at the time would have jumped ship. If anything, the Mach 2.5 microkernel would have been stripped out in favor of a pure FreeBSD system, which would probably have resulted in Linux having the same also-ran status that the BSDs have now. It's also surprising when you realize how rarely that assumption holds true. Far too many applications ship several versions without ever getting rid of the features that should never have been there in the first place. It's a testament to Google's reputation for quality (and long betas) that we feel we can safely assume that the marginal features will be removed or improved in a timely fashion. He wrote GMail. It's very common for humans to have a strong enough emotional investment and attachment to the fruits of their labor that they act irrationally in manners involving that creation. Seeing GMail get abandoned by users would be psychologically very similar to (though probably far less severe than) the pain of seeing your child spurned by his peers. Wave seems to afford multiple interaction conventions, but unlike with email (where we know the pros and cons of top-posting, for example), it isn't obvious what way works best, and for what situations. It seems unlikely that we'll know anytime soon, either, given that Wave is meant to encompass a wider range of tasks than any of the systems is is typically compared with. Right now, we have the conventions of the linear or hierarchical conversations used by email and web forums, and we have the conventions of the collaboratively annotated and edited documents, but we don't know which to use in the gray areas, because that decision has previously been made by the choice of program. It feels to me like we're driving cars prior to the invention of turn signals, brake lights, stop signs, and demarcated lanes. We have to use trial and error to evolve the rules of the road. Nowhere that I can see do they sell a ~$300 product. They sell "trials" and subscriptions, and hide the full price in fine print. A legit business would at least show a real price tag for the real product. (For example, ads for products with a rebate usually show the after-rebate price in a large font, but the before-rebate price is always adjacent to it, not in a sidebar or at the bottom of the page, and never on a separate page.) What magazines do you subscribe to? All the magazines and newspapers I read sell time-limited (typically annual) subscriptions, and as the year draws to a close they get more and more annoying about asking for a renewal. They are typically advertised along the lines of "10 issues for $60", and that's what they bill you for. Consumers generally only tolerate opt-out billing for ongoing services that aren't delivered in discrete units: things like electricity, water, cable TV, and WoW. A library of n videos is, on the other hand, simply n items. I've recently become a fan of the Black Diamond Apollo LED lanterns for camping use. They're only 3W, and the total light emitted isn't as high as from some of the competitors, but what makes them great is that the mirrors and lenses are shaped perfectly so that it evenly illuminates a tabletop-sized work area, and throws no light upwards. The focusing is easily the most important aspect of the product. However, it seems quite plausible that the different spectrum of LEDs could affect the perceived brightness, particularly if you're wanting the diffuse reflection from LED spotlights to act as ambient lighting. NoScript filters that link as a potential XSS attack. I guess it doesn't like brackets in URLs. That could be a problem for Wolfram if the noscript author can't find a safe way to whitelist wolfram alpha links. Mathematica (and thus Wolfram Alpha) is unusual in it's use of brackets to enclose function arguments. Every other computer algebra system I've used has been content with parentheses. And NoScript is pretty much the leading edge for browser security, so if it thinks brackets are dangerous, they probably are and other browsers could follow at any time. Wolfram Alpha's direct use of Mathematica's notation in URLs seems a bit naive, and it wouldn't be the first time Wolfram embarrassingly misunderstood the way the web works.