Excellent, and thank you. I wouldn't have found this without your shameless plug. I can log in, but I'm getting a 503 with the following: "Something is technically wrong. Thanks for noticing—we're going to fix it up and have things back to normal soon." Varicose veins, for one. I think it messes up your feet too, but that's what the standing mat is for. I find that if I try to work through a flu, I'll be sick for a week or two. If I just go home and stay in bed, I get over it in a few days. In the long run, it's much more productive to take care of yourself before your work. No matter how productive you think you are being while sick, the quality of your work is most likely suffering. Unfortunately, they all start out this way it seems. Hopefully, this one will remain this way. I like that idea. Keep the core frozen. With a good API, users can extend it to their liking, and complicate it all they want. Or was just inspired by it. They just did it so that, when no one plays anymore, they could say "See! We told you no one wanted offline play." There's a lot of assholes out there, and nothing feels better than killing them with kindness. Does that make me an asshole too? "The Borowitz Report: The News Reshuffled" certainly sounds like parody to me. To a moron in a hurry, it would look exactly like a Fluke product. This is exactly what trademarks are there to protect against, and Fluke is absolutely correct in their actions to protect their brand. This will likely blow up in Sparkfun's face, and rightly so. It's not just the fact that it's yellow, but it's also shaped just like a Fluke. A quick search on multimeters shows various alternative shapes that Sparkfun could have chosen to distinguish themselves. Fluke is correct in protecting their brand, in this case. It's yellow and shaped just like a Fluke. Sparkfun is in the wrong here. Fluke must protect their brand to keep their trademark valid. Maybe because it would break backwards compatibility (and possibly the spec) for the tab key? Don't even get me started on "PIN number". They would add themselves if it weren't for the infinite loop. 20 bucks a month over the duration of a development cycle could be pretty significant. This will basically allow people to develop their game to the point where success or failure could be predicted, and Epic will miss out on the development cycle revenues from the failures. Scrolling left/right when reading on a small screen on sites that haven't been optimized for small screens. That is some very expensive paint. I see it as more of a multi-part blog series, where you can read the first few parts and wait for the rest, or you can wait until all parts have been written and read it all. In this case, it's better than a blog series, because you can be notified as soon as it's complete without having to keep checking back. Context is important. Most laypersons reading an article don't know the terms "Black Hat", "White Hat", and so on. A good article should differentiate the intentions of the "hacker", so that the reader can imply the morality of those intentions by the context. You are correct in that it does not solve a problem. Furthermore, the article tries to create a problem with CSV that does not exist. > CSV breaks depending on the implementation on Quotes, Commas and lines CSV does not break; the implementation is broken if it doesn't parse CSV properly. With a proper implementation, CSV solves every problem that will arise from this method. I hate that I have to scroll at all to read a couple hundred words at most, let alone scroll five freakin' times on a 1080 display. Edit: And why in the world am I getting the webcam indicator on this site‽ There's people that code on their phones, so...(not me , but there is) Although I prefer the method in the best chosen answer, if I had to choose between red and green, I would choose green. You are confirming an action when choosing yes. The button to cancel the operation should be red. This is too generalized. There are born leaders and there are born followers. Followers are influenced by those around them, while leaders forge their own path no matter what. However, a well rounded person knows when to adapt. They lead when necessary, and take instructions when required. There are some people who will never become like those around them, but will instead shape those around them to their own image. Edit: Downvotes with no counterpoints? That means I must be right, because the truth hurts. > However, a well rounded person knows when to adapt. They lead when necessary, and take instructions when required. > no one is not influenced by those around them You are correct, but not everyone becomes just like those they choose to be around. Everyone can learn from and influence others, but that doesn't mean "You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with." I would have preferred a title along the lines of "There is a good chance that you may become who you choose to be around". > or willing to admit about themselves. Including myself, probably. Could it be made to dynamically load more stories as I scroll? You know, to completely kill my productivity. It's just suffering now with this extension, and I'd like to finish it off. Even more skewed now due to the fact that I answered "yes" without having seen the movie. There was no "I don't know" button. > Reversing cameras always send their output to the big screen on the center console The newer Acura MDXs have a dedicated screen built into the rear-view mirror hanging from the windshield. It looks like a normal mirror until you put it in reverse, and then you can see the output from the backup camera in the left side of the mirror. It's better than most, but still doesn't solve #2 and #3 from your points. Basically, be smart and only use it if/when necessary. Use it only as a tool and not the tool. I hope not. I think it will be like rear/side mirrors. You can use only mirrors to back up, but eventually, they will not be enough, and you will impact something. I think that the same people that don't look now are the same people that won't look then. But there were buttons to be pressed! You could submit that as a guideline. I miss Coder Weekly, and your service sounds very similar, but without the niche aspect. Where do I sign up? EDIT: Thanks. Subbed. I use Balsamiq for this and love it. http://balsamiq.com/products/mockups/ Maybe he imported noodles from Rome? ...these fancy entrepreneurs and their start-up monies. > getting people off balance is always fun. Also fun by actually remembering the names of new people. Apps are great for things that you need notifications for, or anything that needs to be "always on" for you. I prefer not installing apps unless they meet that criteria, or there is no web version available. Agreed, and as a mechanical solution, it is likely better than an electronic solution in a damp environment such as a shower. I don't necessarily "want" to lead, but it's where the money's at. I'll certainly look into this more. > Simon may have no choice but to steal There's always a choice. Thievery is despicable. I don't believe that the presence of the vulnerability is the reason people are looking to migrate. I believe that the discovery of this vulnerability shed light on the code quality of OpenSSL, and that is what is turning people away. Some people have only recently learned of the quality issues, and have lost trust in the project. Others have known about them, but have been begrudgingly dealing with them, and this was the straw that broke the camels back. There's always someone looking to migrate to a different implementation, and all they need is a good reason to justify the effort. Mortgages, donations, and other deductibles. As well as stock trades, investments and other sources of income. I used to wonder that as well until I bought a house and did some investing. For the more simple returns, there's easier ways than copy/pasting. If it's just a W2, there's apps that let you take a picture of it, and it'll OCR it and populate the forms automagically. Publix used to deliver groceries about 10 or so years ago. I used that service from the moment it started to the moment they shut it down. It wasn't viable, because they didn't charge enough, and I would have happily paid more. I miss it to this day, because no one else has started a similar service in my area. Everyone can use it easily. It's an easy tool to use. You don't need a Google account to install an extension. > What do I do? Install the extension and use postman easily. If you give a reason, there's a small chance that you may have to defend that reason legally. Therefore, it's best to not give a specific reason. It's harsh, but protection of the business is more of a priority than potentially hurting someone's feelings by not giving a reason. Of course there are exceptions. My girlfriend being one of them. She's not capable of switching and input and using a different remote to control a different device - or even a universal remote to control both devices, for that matter. If she cannot get to Netflix with the push of a button, then I get a call every time she wants to watch Netflix when I'm not home. Smart TVs make technology accessible, and that's why they are popular. If the moon is only one pixel in an image that doesn't fit on your screen, then it would be invisible in an image that does. It would be impossible to get the whole solar system in one image that fits on your current screen without scrolling. So, what you would really like is a higher resolution screen.