I would put this more on the reporter. He knew full well what the plan was, and chose to put himself in the situation voluntarily. I suspect there's also a bit of embellishment going on. Because the language of the GPL is highly centered around "linking", a GPL operating system doesn't present the same kind of corporate use/acceptance/etc issues as a GPL app or library. GPLV2: "This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs. If your program is a subroutine library, you may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the library" Consider that perhaps I'm not an idiot. Regardless of pedantry, a GPL OS does not raise the same kinds of issues for a typical corporation that a GPL library or application does. I see the downvotes. Funny, because this really is the part of the GPL that stirs up controversy at corporations. Yes, it doesn't say "linking" exactly. It talks about "derivative works". Then, the FSF, separately, says that linking to a GPL library (or integrating into a GPL program) is a derivative work. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License (Check the "Linking and Derived Works" section) Or, have a look at the LGPL, created specifically to address this problem. Note that the FSF isn't thrilled about the LGPL. That's the big driver behind why a GPL OS doesn't create the kind of stir in a corporation that a GPL app or library does. Not saying it's right or wrong, just pointing out the difference. I'm not sure there's a reasonable way past the "Napoleon Dynamite Problem". They mentioned, in the article, other movies where it's difficult to predict if someone would like them or not. The list was “I Heart Huckabees,” “Lost in Translation,” “Fahrenheit 9/11,” “The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou,” “Kill Bill: Volume 1” and “Sideways.” Personally, the common thread I see across those is that the viewer would be more likely to enjoy the movie if they had the right context. Kill Bill, for example, is far easier to enjoy if you've seen (not necessarily liked...but have seen) cheesy old Kung Fu / Karate movies. Napoleon Dynamite is easier to appreciate if you were socially awkward yourself in high school. There's also some humor in there that's more relevant if you were a kid in the 80's, as well as some humor that might make more sense if you lived somewhere rural, or even more specifically, rural Idaho/Utah/Wisconsin. All that to say that Netflix may not have enough data at their disposal to know if you have the right context to enjoy movies that almost require it. Are there screenshots of the interface somewhere? I don't see any, and it's not clear if signing up without paying would let you see the interface. Today, I use Anveo.com for this sort of thing. It also suffers from a relatively stodgy web presence, but the call flow builder, used to route incoming calls, is pretty much a full fledged IVR...really nice. Screenshot here: http://i.imgur.com/54aJqGn.png Mentioned the same thing in a different comment. Love Anveo (screenshot here: http://i.imgur.com/54aJqGn.png ) Would like to see a screenshot of this app...it looks like you have to sign up and pay to see the interface. Is there a service provider for which that isn't true? Father Guido Sarducci would be proud. "Just add water, and Mr. Tea does the rest!". Shame the video isn't anywhere I can find it. The video of the Father Guido Sarducci "Mr Tea" skit from Saturday Night Live? Thinking probably not :) >>How do they survive? Churn and burn. So long as the cost to bring the site up on a new domain is lower than whatever the profit is (ads?), the DMCA is just playing "whack a mole" ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whac-A-Mole#Colloquial_usage ) I was, at first, amazed at the price point. Olimex, who are in a position to know, says that the BOM for this adds up to more than $20. https://olimex.wordpress.com/2015/06/05/how-to-get-in-the-ne... So, it's basically a marketing ploy, which is still cool, but they will have to find some way to make up the difference post launch. Assuming they manage to avoid 3rd parties cloning accessories and undercutting on price. That seems to be the pattern in this market. As a retailer myself, I wouldn't be thrilled with the model where the customer pays with their credit card on jet.com, then jet.com pays me with their own credit card and contact info. Not because I don't want the customer saving money, but because I am now not clear on who the customer actually is. What happens if there are customer service issues, an out of stock situation, returns, refunds, chargebacks, etc? Is Jet.com prepared to deal with all of that in this middle-man setup? "When a Jet customer buys items that aren’t in its inventory or available from partner merchants, a Jet employee buys the items from another website and has them shipped directly to the customer." http://www.wsj.com/articles/frenzy-around-shopping-site-jet-... Edit: The context is that the article at the top of this thread is showing one way they are sort of "faking" partners. The concierge model I'm referencing is another. Hopefully, it's a temporary thing, because it's messy. It might go lower, yes. But, the BOM is just the pile of parts. Doesn't include the board, assembly, etc. It seems clear the actual cost per unit, even with significant volume, will be substantially higher than $9. $5, for just the Allwinner chip, without the onboard memory and storage, IS competitive. Since they are using the SOM version with ram+storage, I wouldn't be terribly surprised that just the main chip would be more than $9. I would go one further, and say that's the primary motivator. Preemptive restructuring. "so this doesn't ameliorate any of EU's concerns" The announcement seems deliberately vague. You're right in that it doesn't specifically address the EU concerns, but it creates a structure where that's easier to do. Two main areas. It prepares you, in terms of financial visibility, experience, etc, if the most painful of anti-trust remedies (breakup) ever happens. AT&T, for example, would have likely proposed different terms for their breakup if they had better visibility into how Western Electric would have performed on its own. It provides more public financial visibility into some areas of concern, early. For example, it looks like Google fiber isn't staying with Google. Google fiber is probably a concern for at least US anti-trust regulators. >>I couldn't think of anything for U Also a stretch, but... universal analytics or maybe url shortener? (goo.gl) It's chess, not checkers. One move at a time. Also, minor, but Fiber would be an interest point for anti-trust, just not in the EU. Yes. I expected to see an article about stock images being overused across lots of publications, and whatever the fix for that is. The US prison/jail vendor ecosystem is a trap as well. The phone system is a good example. Inmates have some scheduled time where they can make phone calls, provided someone on the outside has funded an account. You, of course, expect it to be a little more expensive than normal phone service. However, here's the reality. You deposit $25, then: - $7 service fee for the credit card processing - $4.50 for the first minute of every call - then $2.50 a minute for any subsequent minute So, yes, a 2 minute phone call, within the same state, costs the family $14. These are real numbers, from one of the big vendors in the space...Global Tel Link. Source: Have relative that was in jail...this is what I had to pay. Here's an older article on the subject: http://www.prisonpolicy.org/phones/pleasedeposit.html Just to note that phones are the tip of the iceberg. The jails and prisons are taking huge fees from commissary accounts, charging fees to see a doctor (even if you were assaulted), etc. Also things like reducing to 2 meals a day to save money. Or worse. Search google for Sheriff Joe Arpaio's outdoor tents, in Phoenix, where the average high temp in July is 41C/106F. It's really shameful. Online spreadsheets. The end users are conditioned already on how to navigate with find, home, end, etc. Edit: Seems like it might break on-page find though, right? "IF you created the ability to store the same database across several files, I would be most grateful to you." http://www.sqlite.org/src/doc/trunk/src/test_multiplex.c Can also confirm, handover is smooth on republic. The 1GB plan is a little lower than Google Fi as well. 2GB is the same cost as Google, 3GB is slightly higher. "from a privacy perspective, I trust Google more than T-Mobile or Sprint" From a privacy perspective, I would not trust an advertising company (Google) more than a telecom. Google is perhaps better about disclosure to a Government entity, but they would be worse about exploiting your data for their own ends. Seems many here do trust Google with their personal data. So, I suppose that implies they are not only a marketing company, but a good one :) Mmm. Unix like OS with controversy newly swirling about init replacement. Déjà vu. Not sure what you're trying to say. Launchd may not be a 100% function for function equivalent for init(8), but it does replace it, along with the rc subsystem. "launchd(8) replaces: init, rc, the init.d and rc.d scripts" (source: https://wiki.freebsd.org/launchd ) Some background that's related. http://graphics.wsj.com/google-ftc-report/img/ftc-ocr-waterm... I'll suffer the downvotes, but going forward "Flash Ads" == non-Google provided ads. It doesn't hurt Google to hobble ads from competing networks. The forms part is a great start. There's a pretty ripe market to grab current customers of Intuit's Quickbase product if you add the other online/rad database app features. Quickbase's pricing model is terrible. DabbleDB, before they were bought out and shut down, was on their way to doing just that. The leader in this space at the moment is Intuit, with their Quickbase product. You can get a rough idea of the customer base here: http://quickbase.intuit.com/customers They claim 1/2 of the Fortune 100 are customers. https://ifttt.com/ I can almost feel the awkward vibe that went into not directly comparing search results over the years. It would have made the demise of real organic search too obvious. Oh paypal. https://www.paypal-community.com/t5/My-Feedback-for-PayPal-A... I suspect IT customers actually wanted something in between the two extremes. Your existing IT customers may feel okay about it now, but could change their minds if, for example, a fairly drastic UI change is pushed out. Interesting, but the title is misleading. They aren't operators, but rather mostly combinations of operators with potentially useful side effects. A description section doesn't change the fact that the title is misleading. Clickbait is clickbait. Reading the article they finally get down to what it is...98 lines of perl that serve as a url specific content cache. A somewhat odd solution for a php driven website. Since you're in php already, a more typical solution would be to use apcu to have the cache in shared memory. Or, if your needs are more complex, using an already established cache like the one in nginx or varnish, etc. Whatever they did served their needs, but I'm not clear on why "we made a one-off url+param keyed cache" rates an article. Right, the idea would be to put the logic at the top of the main php file for wordpress, something like: # oversimplified, but... $key=md5(http_build_query($_GET)); $content=apc_fetch($key,$success); if ($success === TRUE) { echo $content; return ;# never invoke wordpress } # wordpress here # some logic at the bottom to store what wordpress # just rendered into the cache >Ability to set rates does not define the employer-employee relationship. It could. In the US, there's no hard/fast definition that gets down to that level of detail. The IRS says: "In determining whether the person providing service is an employee or an independent contractor, all information that provides evidence of the degree of control and independence must be considered" Certainly "who sets the rates" would be a consideration. Interesting. Both the CEO and the President are former Travelocity execs. The total of all rounds of VC funding for Gilt was $280M. My wife created Facebook profiles for my dog and her fictional alter ego years ago. She logs in an posts things as them on a semi-regular basis. The profile pictures are a dog, and a comic book character. The profile info similarly is very up front about what the ids are. Not sure what the enforcement policy was or is, but I can say that it isn't real comprehensive. Maybe they only act when something is flagged by other users? Looks like the beginnings of a QuickBase competitor, which would be welcome...Intuit's pricing model is terrible. I had high hopes for DabbleDB before Twitter bought them and shut it all down. Good for them. There's no real competition between Fedex and UPS. Both raise their rates around 5% every year, even with fuel costs dropping dramatically. The claims process is specifically designed to be difficult. Might be more interesting if Amazon decides to open up to outside customers and re-instates real competition. Both UPS and Fedex had better rates and service when DHL was still competing with intra-US shipments. So, it's a major expense, but would require "years of low prices" to have an impact? Huh? Fuel and "Purchased Transportation" (also indexed to fuel costs) are their two largest cost categories. They pass hedging costs directly via fuel surcharges, which is unrelated to rate hikes. "Both FedEx and UPS reported that fuel costs were down about 35% from the year earlier in their most recent quarter" From the article: For 23 hours a day, 4,000 inmates are locked in concrete 6-by-10-foot cells, sometimes for years, with little if any human contact, no access to rehabilitative programs and a diet that can be restricted to a foul-tasting brick of bread and potatoes known at the prisons as “the loaf.”