The code is pretty damn ugly (but then, most emulator code is), and the project is pretty much dead, seeing that the latest commit is from 2010. Why is this on here again? Doesn't make it fake; iirc the article doesn't state the diamonds being of gemstone quality / purpose. There does happen to be at least one operating system that supports this: Windows. ^___^ Actually, nobody likes pushy sales staff, ever. Yes, my main grievance with git add -p as well; someone fix this. But Chrome - and any sensible browser, really - will scale down JS execution on pages not in the foreground; you can see this in for example Piecon ( http://lipka.github.com/piecon/ ), which will only update the favicon in your background tab bar at half the speed (if that). Well, that's one point where Javascript should - and will! - improve, modularization. At the moment there is no default dependency framework - you can't say 'my module X depends on modules Y and Z'. Well, not by default anyway; there's CommonJS's modules, AMD, and in Javascript Harmony another 'standardized' module framework. I personally use requireJS in a rather large Backbone project, and it works remarkably well. "Dude Backbone only works for trivial examples, and even then, and I mean, even with trivial examples, Backbone is almost useless." I disagree. Backbone is a structuring framework; if you can't make it work with bigger projects, you're doing it wrong. In fact, true silence will make you insane. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sensory_deprivation Can't find the article right now, but they once put people in a completely soundproof room; their minds started to make up sounds and increased their hearing sensitivity to the point where they could hear their own muscles move. I believe the longest one lasted 45 minutes. I would imagine that exposing yourself to noise (on high volume?) 18 hours a day would cause permanent hearing damage. Squid? Cthulhu. I kinda disagree; if your comments, observations etc don't JUMP OUT AT YOU READ THIS THIS IS IMPORTANT!1one, they're not important, apparently. This also goes for other people's code, really. There is often a difference between code and comments, which causes people to read the code instead of the comments. However, one cause is that comments don't draw the attention because they're often in a dimmed, 'this is not important' color scheme - the other is that there's too much comments that don't add value to the code. You could select it and get a good highlighted color. Nobody's stopping you from installing Git alongside Mercurial; even if you're not going to use it on a day to day basis, things like sublime text themes and whatnots are easily installed with a git clone. Depends. Apparently, 80%* of applicants can't do fizzbuzz right. *: random figure Which algorithms, what implementations thereof? > edit: The funniest result of being a quick typist is that I use copy+paste less than I did a few years ago. Often the context switch between typing and selecting is too much work and it's quicker to just type things twice. Same for me, ish; I often find myself just using backspace and retyping the last few words if I find a typo a few words back, as opposed to reaching for the mouse and redoing just that word, or using the keys to go back. Going four words back is usually a matter of alt + left-left-left, alt-backspace, re-type, but still I find myself just deleting the last couple words and retyping it. I learned to touch type with the home row thing, but I never find my fingers really going back to the home row, they just go to the next letter that needs to be typed. I guess with experience comes automatism, which in my case doesn't always involve going back to the home row after typing a letter. Or something. o rly? I, and probably the other 'fast' typists here, type a lot faster than they can talk - plus, almost nobody can 'speak' perfectly, so corrections - even if assuming the speech-to-text converter has a 100% accuracy rate - will be very frustrating. A better system would be a thought-to-sane-text conversion. But I doubt that'll ever be possible, :p. Well on the one hand it is brain activity - games and code excite the brain, and it can't simply click shut off and sleep. On the other hand, it's light - the light from your computer screen goes straight into your eyes and to your brain, that tells you "IT'S STILL DAY". The brain / eyes need darkness / dusk to start producing melatonin, the sleep molecule. So, turn off your screens, don't look at mobile phones, and if possible turn the TV off too, or at the very least dim them to the lowest brightness setting at least an hour before attempting to go to sleep, preferably two. Software like f.lux will help too; studies show that white/blue lights will wake you up, while red, warm colors will make you sleepier. f.lux will make the screen a nice warm, soft red after sundown, mimicking natural sundown (while making it brighter / 'colder' during the day, keeping you awake while you work). 6 = ????? 7 = PROFIT Self-service indicates that staff income is high; it's either self-service, or increase prices to the customers, which in turn lowers availability of the service and overall lowers income. etc. This post, as well as others, just again highlights the 'to each his own' truth; some people prefer silence, some prefer noise. As an employer, if they care about noise when it comes to a working environment, this must be a very hard thing to balance / get right. More hours does not equal higher productivity. Working for six hours on a single commit (as the poster indicates) means the commit is far, far too large. Unless he means 'feature', then it's okay. And yet, with clear indication that certain areas are quiet zones, people and organizations should be able to rely on the common decency of people. People will in 99% of cases respect any 'no smoking' signs without enforcement from a 'shusher', so why not the 'be quiet' signs? And the best keyboards are also the noisiest, :p. Wordpress is its own PHP framework; in fact, PHP itself is a framework, provides everything frameworks do from database querying to templating. They don't need to be in order to have weaknesses; just look at all the security problems coming from Adobe's PDF reader, which afaik can't execute code, but where the input (PDF documents), if cleverly crafted, can create buffer overflows allowing for arbitrary code execution. > (or something else with multiple cursors IDEA supports multiple cursors, actually, ;). As for IDE support, I find Sublime text extended with a few key plugins to be just as good as a proper IDE when it comes to (in my case) front-end development; JS checking with JSHint, syntax highlighting for html/js/less, quick HTML using ZenCoding, andsoforth. Same, although we use it in combination with Require, so we had an 'events' module: define(["Backbone", "underscore"], function(Backbone, _) { return _.extend({}, Backbone.Events); }); and a dependency on 'events' in all our modules: define(["Backbone", "events"), function(Backbone, Events) { // stuff Events.on("event", stuff); }); Funny, I only just finished refactoring our codebase (dozens of views, models, routers) using a 'custom' implementation of the listenTo mechanic, as well as a custom 'close' method for views that would deregister the events again: this.registeredModelEvents.push({ model: model, eventName: eventName, callback: callback, context: context }); model.on(eventName, callback, context); Here's to hoping we can update to 0.9.9 soon. Shouldn't be a problem. I for one don't or barely talk about what I do in my spare time at work anymore. In two instances, I was stared at in disbelief when I admitted I don't do much programming in my spare time (once to a colleague, once to a manager. The manager has been ill for six months due to overworking / stress and gave up his management position). They almost made me feel guilty for not continuing with my work after work hours - almost, because they're wrong. And second because I don't really train bears or do stand-up comedy, my personal life is pretty dull :p. I believe I mainly have things like flight simulators with inverted controls. But it kinda makes sense there too, since in a plane you pull back (= down) on the stick to go up. No, but the personal license is now actually cheaper than the academic license (at least for IDEA), so you're actually better off. Pretty sure the academic license is no longer valid as soon as you finish school. It seems they got HNned / slashdotted / reddited (?) pretty quickly. Here's to hoping they can get it back up soon - I postponed buying a license because I didn't have enough money on my paypal account last time. I'm inclined to believe (if they want to be nice to their customers) that they'll extend the offer if the site remains unavailable like it is right now for the next 24 hours. But for the slow sites highlighted, I don't understand why client-side performance and bandwidth usage apparently isn't a priority; I mean, their site, their front-end is their primary product, the thing they make money off of. A ten second load time is simply unacceptable; just look at the performance guys at Google, who have and are working hard to shave milliseconds off of page load time. I'm probably going to offend a few people here, but creating a website without or with minimal performance optimization is just plain sloppy and uncraftmanshiplike work. Get your act together, or get a different job. I love how that last picture shows two people, one glass. Reminds me of something a bit more contemporary. > I wonder what percentage of the population will have never owned a DVD player in the next generation. Probably the same amount of people that have never owned a record player or, for the younger people, a CD player. > If netflix owned their own hardware and could reach out and touch it, would this have happened? Yes, outages happen whether you have the hardware in your own hands or have it hosted by a cloud provider. Not to mention the hundreds of local accents, sub-languages and even manners of speech and expression. Of course, that's also applicable to the US on a somewhat larger scale. Heeeeeeey sexy ladeh :p Well, that kinda depends on whether Bitcoin is recognised by the US government (or whichever) as legal tender; if not, it's virtual money, and you can do whatever you want with it (like ISK in Eve Online, for example). Which is also the main problem with Bitcoins; you get the 'open source' money, but without the existing banking system and its securities, or the governments and their laws behind it. Your Bitcoin exchange gets hacked and you lose your coins? Your problem. You bet money in a dodgy bitcoin betting site and lose it? If the 'owning' government doesn't recognise it as legal tender, your problem. > There should be 1 or 2 names on it max. The founder and co-founder's? Couldn't resist, :+) > Be prepared, when reminiscing about the good times, to be reminded of some equally bad times. And the enormous quantity of time spent doing nothing memorable, good or bad. The actual 0.9.10 changelog is at http://backbonejs.org/#changelog Thanks for linking to that one, the redirect thing is very annoying (and time-consuming, relatively speaking, which for a speed-obsessed party like google isn't a good thing or very representative) I can't focus on my programming if it's noisy / there's people talking, but I don't feel right when it's dead silent either, :p. I like music while working. Also, having headphones on does not imply high volume / risk of hearing damage; using noise-cancelling (passive or active) headphones or earplugs, you can even lower the overall volume of noise you get daily; the din of a busy office room can be quite high in terms of decibels. And hearing damage is a factor of decibels * length of exposure. $('img').live('mouseover', function() {}); Same, but nicer, listens to mouseover events on img elements that may not exist yet. Then again, this will - if I understand correctly - cause the event to bubble up in the DOM until it reaches the root element, where jquery's live callback handler will check what element the event took place on and invoke that callback. Actually, that is a copy of DHTML lemmings from before the age of WebGL, Ajax, CSS sprites (alistapart only came up with an article about CSS sprites a year later), html5, or any of that fancy modern stuff kids these days play with. The original is at http://www.elizium.nu/scripts/lemmings/ . And background info / blogpost, written seven years later by the author: http://crisp.tweakblogs.net/blog/3881/dhtml-lemmings-primer.... Right hand is the one where your thumb is on the left (and vice-versa). Invert this if your hands are palm-side up. :p