Assume you accept his argument that the open source process is such an advantage and that the market is efficient enough to punish companies who use open source code but don't reciprocate. Why then isn't the market efficient enough to punish those companies who have an irrational fear of the GPL (and therefore refuse to take advantage of the majority of open source code)? This appears to be his only stated problem with the GPL, and I thought the GPL is anti-business meme would have died long ago given the continued success of Linux. Quote from Chris Blizzard: "The proposed spec [...] is a pretty light wrapper on top of OpenGL ES 2.0, with some changes to support some JavaScript pleasantries." http://www.0xdeadbeef.com/weblog/?p=1207 So it's more like a port than a new standard. I'm also not sure how much your complaint applies to HTML 5 since that was originated by browser vendors wanting to standardize the new stuff they were already implementing and to reverse engineer and then compatibly implement how old stuff was implemented in Internet Explorer. I think the issue here that he is referring to (obliquely) is the disagreement on video codecs. So to take your img example it would be analogous to a specification for img where Firefox was supporting PNG (but not GIF) and Safari supporting GIF (but not PNG) and IE supporting neither but Microsoft is at the same time pushing a closed source browser plugin that can show images in a Microsoft proprietary and patented format that sits outside of HTML. That would be a "sad web" too, even if it technically had images. He's not (imho) against the video tag in any way, just pointing it out as an example of the (inherently) political squabbling and consequent craziness that surround standardization in a multi-billion pound market. That's a standard free-market, laissez-faire take on things, but not entirely accurate. The usual IT factors of lock-in, path dependency and network effects have their place. As does the frequently underestimated, yet monumental task of getting effective interoperation even when all parties are willing and able to do so (neither of which is generally the case). Minor browser engines such as Webkit, Gecko and Opera can't change the market much on their own. They need to be interoperable to some degree for people to start using their additions to the standards on the wider web. HTML5 (nee WHAT-WG) was initially those browser vendors coming together to work on exactly that. You give Canvas as an implementation before standardization example, yet it was far more iterative than that with Apple's original implementation (for use in the walled garden of their widgets) being presented for standardization with the explicit idea that it was good for Apple if there were interoperable implementations out there. It's a pretty good example of Co-opetition. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coopetition ) I don't understand why "SQL caching" means bypassing Rails. I mean if you do whole page caching then you bypass Rails, after the first call. But if you're only caching the SQL call then you still need something to format it into HTML, which I'm guessing in Twitter's case is Rails. You're also conflating Ruby (the language) and Rails (the web framework). Your assumption here is that Bill Gates was born with "off-the-charts intelligence, business savvy and entrepreneurial drive" and nothing about his upbringing affected this in anyway. I think even the strongest genetic determinist would have to concede that's not true, which throws doubt on him even having these qualities if he'd been born and raised elsewhere (ghetto, communist state, refugee camp etc.) Do you have a link to these stats? I don't think most people in the UK would even know what an home invasion is (I know from Ice-T) and Wikipedia claims it is notoriously hard to get stats this topic since it's not a defined crime in many jurisdictions. If you take a step back from this you realize that the news industry is the middlman. People want the info or news, prior to the web you needed printing presses or a tv station to deliver it. This concentration of power has led to all sorts of power-crazed idiots getting involved to push their viewpoints and crowd out their opponents. To add insult to injury they make all their money from providing eyeballs to advertisers leading to the same race to the bottom you see happening online. A great deal of this is similar to the findings on management and creativity and/or stress and creativity. Stress kills creativity because it creates a chemical reaction that forces your mind to focus intently and over-rely on previous experience. This might help if you need to run away from a bear, but might hinder if you're trying to solve a tricky problem that requires exploring and potentially letting go of assumptions. Similarly it's very tricky to "manage" creativity or any task where you can't specify and measure either the process or the outcome (preferably both). You may sadly realise this covers most white collar work but it only really gets talked about in relation to obviously 'creative' things like advertising and R&D. The basic of management there is "don't", though there are some things that help such as "clan controls" where you hire people with a particular value set (e.g. scientists or open source programmers) and encourage them to be evaluated, outside of work, by their peers. It might be worth pondering a comparison between an leading advertising agency work areas and Google's famous playgrounds. This guy proposes that the bits of the company that can be managed traditionally (sales, clerical workers) thrive on (or are even addicted to) continual stress and this causes a hidden rift between them and the programmers (etc.) who absolutely require at least some time in the stressless mindset in order to do their job. It may already be too late, PHP on the JVM: http://www.caucho.com/resin-3.0/quercus/ Note, I know nothing about the project, just first result from Google. I knew something existed because I'd read about IBM's Project Zero, but I think their implementation of PHP on the JVM (called P8, iirc) is closed source. One of the comments claims it is called a Tuo Quoque (You also) Fallacy. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tu_quoque The bit at the start, with him rolling square blocks reminded me of this video of a bike with square wheels: http://www.youtube.com/watch%3Fv%3DLgbWu8zJubo How is the validator gem used in rails? I'm thinking of starting a rails project and I'd like to validate every single produced page, every time it's produced. I'd assumed the best way to do it would be cache the output and run the validator 'offline' but I couldn't find any rails or rack projects that do this. I liked the bit about unspecified failure modes in HTML 4. Very important point, though I feel somewhat sad that such persuasion is necessary. My way of looking at it is: you're trying to produce a certain kind of output that is externally specified and there are available 3rd party tools that can validate it. Why wouldn't you automate testing? Are you reviewing this as a startup idea? Your response seems a bit harsh for an open source educational charity. One benefit of open source is that Qimo could disappear tomorrow and others could carry the torch and build on anything of value they produced. I use OS X myself and am aware that they have a simplified Finder for kids and old folks, but I see value in having something to put on old junker machines for kids, particularly younger ones that are more likely to spill paint on them or whatever. You're right that the web is important for accessing the widest range of material. The only real knock that Linux has from the point of view of web kiosk for kids is the lack of shockwave plugin that some older content on e.g. the BBC kids sites uses. Also, did anyone else think that Qimo sounds too close to Chemo (as in therapy)? No. This is a neat hack but is so narrowly applicable it's not worth bothering about for most folks. You ask designers for input but I think it's an engineering choice to use simple and straightforward technologies you (and colleagues) fully understand rather than meddling with neat hacks, particularly if you're deploying out to the user browsers, which is a quagmire even if you're not getting too fancy. Of course if you're in an environment where images are impossible/banned for whatever reason (and you can't use proper CSS gradients) then this technique could make you look like a magician, but I can't think of such a situation off-hand. This is a fascinating topic (HTML5 allowing web apps on phones and similar devices to become richer and provide an alternative installation route than the App stores controlled by platform owners) but this article is vague, desperately seeking conflict, and has a troll-y headline. This is another example of what-aboutery, but relevant I think: Anyone remember the guy who testified to congress that the US Embassy in Iraq was being built with the exact same kind of slave labor as is apparently common in Dubai? His testimony: http://oversight.house.gov/documents/20070726115247.pdf quote: "My statement will address labor abuse, human trafficking, and other concerning issues that I personally witnessed at the construction site of the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad" Another source, with a similar story. http://www.antiwar.com/ips/phinney.php?articleid=9919 It's a bit of a misleading title, it's not all about procrastination and it's not much of a howto either. It's about how you can do many things better than standard economics would indicated if you take into account the irrationality of human beings. For example, everyone leaves reports to the last minute. Commiting to earlier deadlines makes no sense to a 'rational' human being, but can help actual human beings. Here's a link to his research paper on this topic: http://www.predictablyirrational.com/pdfs/deadlines.pdf And his book site: http://www.predictablyirrational.com/ And if (when) the client changes their mind? Eric Meyer talks about the neat CSS used to generate the graphs from tabular data here: http://meyerweb.com/eric/thoughts/2009/04/07/findings-of-the... It's a vote. So if you've got an account and have edited more than 25 times then go take part. Can anyone point to some more info on this? I was excited to hear about it when it was first announced but it seems to have gone awfully quiet. Are the ARM developers just not big bloggers? It seems there's a fair amount of work in bringing up a distro to target the various ARM hardware out there so it would be good to hear an overview from someone in the know. Unfortunately Microsoft can easily take the hit for sums that seem astronomical to ordinary people (or even ordinary businesses) and then turn round and use that as justification for their own patents. Just like when it gets fined hundreds of millions by the EU, it can use these numbers to elicit sympathy, while I'm sure internal calculations show greater profit from ignoring the law or playing the patent game, even after subtracting these costs. After all if they didn't profit from it, then they probably wouldn't do it. "I hear how we are to release early and often, which means less testing". In the parlance of our times: You're doing it wrong. Well that was a surprisingly sensible article. Looks like we could be heading for a tipping point. Or the apocalypse. One of the two anyway. One similar thing I've never understood is card games like Magic the Gathering and (perhaps?) Pokemon. From what I gather this is kind of like playing poker, except you can just go out and buy more decks to stack your hand. Just doesn't seem fair or fun to me. A similar partly-virtual good I can't wrap my head round is intentionally limited-edition goods such as beanie babies. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beanie_Baby "Instant Springboard real estate" You can easily add web apps or pages to the iPhones home screen, it's the button right below "bookmark". You even get a nice icon if it specified correctly using the appropriate HTML5 I generally agreed with the article and see strong parallels with pg's original article. I note that most of the replies so far fail the test of doing the swap in the opposite direction i.e. "I'm attracted to smart women" is the same as "nerds are popular with me" which is different from "nerds are popular", and even more so from "nerds were popular in high school". Or play it: http://www.gwap.com/gwap/gamesPreview/tagatune/ I don't want to sound paranoid but security researchers working for anti-virus vendors have a vested interest in blowing these things out of proportion. I don't know the details of this particular story but I have seen blatant scaremongering and misinformation in the past when it comes to Macs. Despite the glib headline this is actually important and deeply interesting. It's fundamentally about a complete lack of the scientific method being applied in the business world. Instead we've got witchdoctors, quacks and gurus guiding a vital part of our society. Try translating some of the stuff in the article to medicine or science. What makes you healthy or ill? Well we asked around the office and found some people we thought looked healthy, then interviewed them to find out what they do. Okay, some of them died horrible deaths shortly afterwards, and may not even have been healthy at the time. Perhaps they died due to the stuff they were doing "for the good of their health" or maybe just because good luck turned to bad but that's not important as long as our initial conclusions makes a plausible story. After all, no-one likes it when science is counter-intuitive and doesn't fit their preconceived ideas, and they'll actively resist such conclusions. Derren Brown did an excellent program on this theme called The System ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derren_Brown#The_System spoiler warning!) where you got to follow an individual as they won bets again and again on horse races and you got to see the confidence and belief building in them. It really humanized the cognitive biases that lead to the sloppy thinking in areas like this article highlights. I think you're missing the point. These SEO hackers don't announce themselves by defacing your front page or deleting your database. They insert hidden links in your HTML to boost their PageRank and it's in their interests to go undetected for as long as possible. There's two parts to Atom, Atom itself which is like a better RSS and AtomPub. He's talking about the latter. From Wikipedia: "The Atom Syndication Format is an XML language used for web feeds, while the Atom Publishing Protocol (AtomPub or APP) is a simple HTTP-based protocol for creating and updating web resources." Atom itself is doing fine. Readers have to cater to RSS for historical reasons but for most producers, particularly in non-standard (not "blogging") contexts, it's a waste of time. I think you'll find that the "X number of browsers" you need to check for and use fallbacks from HTML5 are "various flavours of IE". So please, let the griping continue. This is because Microsoft has, for a long time, dragged its feet regarding the web because the web is a threat to its core business. In fact two main strands of HTML5 development are reverse engineering IE peculiarities and making them a standard so that others can interoperate and investigating ways to fix up IE with javascript shims so that it can support HTML5 without any help from Microsoft. This is not the "right way" to do things but when the monopoly browser (and OS) producer varies between apathy and antagonism towards the web that's how progress gets made. I agree with the headline but didn't find much in the article to back it up. For my part I look at Perl (or Ruby) and see an expression of Unix traditions. Building on those can make you very productive. I'd say the same is true of Ruby on Rails where it's really a distillation of best practice in web app design and deployment. DeCSS didn't help prevent casual piracy. It helped prevent people from legally watching DVDs they had bought on linux because they wouldn't license it, and it was illegal to reverse engineer it. So what did all those tech savvy people who were being actively snubbed by the movie industry do? They bittorrented pre-ripped movie files instead of buying DVDs that were somewhere between awkward and impossible to use. Another classic foot-shooting move from the movie industry. The fact that Git can actually lose history is one bad mark against it. The fact that the option to prevent this has the totally bizarre name of "denyNonFastforwards" is another. Beware! Most "free" fonts are not licensed for use within a web page via @font-face. This is a new technology which most font designers probably haven't heard of and taken account of in their licencing. Crucially it involves putting the actual font on a public web server for users to download. I followed a random link posted here and on checking the licence on a "free" font found this: "the consumer may use Harold's Fonts in any way EXCEPT redistribution of the digital font itself in any form." As with software, if they're not using a recognised licence (SIL OFL, CC, GPL) then triple check that you and the copyright owner agree on definitions before using it in a commercial setting. The link from the article is sparse because they're not just "free", they're open source. Which as software guys you know is a big difference. Also, to the original poster: what's with the attitude? You're asking for fonts and yet you haven't even specified what kind your looking for, or for what purpose. It's almost like you're trying to prove a point about the lack of quality free fonts rather than ask a genuine question or meet a real need. Do these screens work with Windows? Apparently you can get XP on the OLPC but I've never seen it explained how XP would work with a screen that can triple it's resolution in one direction on demand. (I'm assuming here that the pixel qi screens are similar to the OLPC design. It's sounds like they might be of the same family but not identical) I'd love an ARM-based linux netbook that took full advantage of one of these screens. I think the power benefits of ARM, and the resultant loss of Windows compatibility, will the nudge to allow netbook makers to rethink what they're trying to achieve. It's clear now that the iPhone isn't a phone, it's a tiny, handheld, portable computer. A computer for which both Windows and Office are meaningless, it's all about the browser. Netbooks could be something similar, just a bit larger, but not while they're tied to the boat anchor of being hardware compatible with XP even when you're running Ubuntu or Android on it. Great article. I'd forgotten all about the Fortean Times which I used to read about 15 years ago. I always admired their ability to talk about wierd and wacky things without having to take sides and devolving into propaganda. They're kind of like "The Economist" of weird. It's funny you say that I'm "not understanding what it really means" because that was actually the point of my criticism of Git. Maybe it's just me that's stupid, but that doesn't explain the million blog entries saying either Git Sucks because it's impossible to use, or that they've had a eureka breakthrough and actually Git Rocks but you just have to understand that [reams of random gibberish] is what you need to achieve simple task A. The latter type of blog post usually has at least two comments pointing out that what the blogger suggests is both wrong and dangerous and suggesting two conflicting solutions to the same problem. Apparently it's not as bad as it used to be. Again my knowledge comes mostly from blogs but every couple of months I read that Git is no longer perversely and unusably obscure. The fact that its unnecessary complexity is now being used as a defence against criticism doesn't encourage me to think that anyone is actually going to finally fix the human factors of git anytime soon. You're reading too much into this. In a light-hearted blog post, the author is casually referring to the interesting trivia fact that the ubiquitous test image was excerpted from a Playboy nude. He's not making a big deal out of it, and neither should you. I find it somewhat amusing that none of the comments so far seem to acknowledge that this is written by Eric S Raymond. I guess that shows how far he's fallen into irrelevance. Without wanting too engage with the actual content too much, he appears to be arguing, despite the headline, that there is no economic benefit or cost to the the GPL. The only impact is based on human (actually corporate) psychology of not liking being sued. I'm conflicted about this. It's actually a very regressive tax, you pay the same whether you are rich or poor, whether you have 1 television or 20. It's also enforced in an incredibly harsh manner and we (the taxpayers) are actually footing the bill to send people to jail who get caught without a license and then can't afford to pay it (though an outrcy in the House of Lords massively reduced the number being imprisioned down from 200 to 20 (roughly) a year. On the other hand, if it came up for debate and reform, certain political factions would basically kill the BBC, which I love. Interesting stuff to think about. Just like in zombie movies, it's your fellow human beings you've got to watch out for in such situations, a flu pandemic is just a backdrop to watch the human drama unfold against. The killer feature for these things is content. You need the ability to draw on a Wikipedia style collaborative project so that you don't end up entering all the standard info (100 most common words in language X, countries/states and capitals etc. etc.) As far as I'm aware no one has done this yet. There's absolutely no need for that trolling headline. What would have been wrong with "Flash enables perfect replication of Word's layout engine online"? Truthful and probably more interesting. I feel more effort was put into creating a sensational headline than the rest of the text. There's no meat here, it tells you nothing about REST or proposed alternatives.