http://www.scribd.com/doc/92111472 I'll just leave this here, PDF version for anyone who doesn't want to mess with the webpage reformatting. http://www.scribd.com/doc/92111472 I'll just leave this here, PDF version for anyone who doesn't want to mess with the webpage reformatting. Doesn't work for me in Chrome 18.0.1025.168 m edit: on Win7 Professional They had planned the IOC's route through the city and had GPS in the cars with them so I doubt the tracking was automated. And England seems semifamous for it's intense use of CCTV systems, on the traffic side larger US cities with advanced traffic control systems have cameras at most (major) intersections. Could also be chromatic aberrations too from poorly coated lenses. Edit1: Check out the edges of the world. Wonder what the issue there is? Jobs took existing concepts from the Xerox concept PC (with the GUI) and shrunk the price and hardware (in the Apple II). There were personal computers before Jobs, he brought together a lot of things which made it a commercial success. In many ways he's much like Gutenburg, he took a group of existing technologies and concepts and brought them together in a working mixture. I know this isn't definitive but at least the jury ruled fair use in the GoogleOracle case. This is why you buy Thinkpads. They've got a great warranty system, post the whole maintenance manual online, and don't void the whole warranty for single item changes (basically you change a hardware subsystem and you can't get warranty on that bit but the whole bit is still eligible) Maybe it's just for minor changes, simple user upgrades instead of huge replacements like the screen? shrug I've never had to warranty my Thinkpad anyways thanks to them being tanks. Anecdotal evidence is anecdotal I know, but I've had no issues with my laptop SSD, an Intel 320 Series iirc. At first I was really worried, which drove me to backup properly for the first time, but almost a year in I've had no issues with it at all. Just a question, did you take the swap partition off the SSD? That's one of the main tips I've seen in improving SSD life-spans. I agree, platform consistency is more better for your app than following something which is theoretically better. I'd be reticent to change the Ok -> Cancel order without some harder evidence than this. "More better"? Jesus I should proof a bit... What 3rd party app ecosystem? Honestly I've never used anything outside the netflix.com client. Ahh those, never needed a queue manager cause I'm streaming only. They never seemed particularly useful. Ok, so those are actually useful. Though it looks like Abetterqueue and instantwatcher will still be allowed under the new API rules. Ahh didn't look too hard at the app, my mistake. There's a difference between protecting a buggy alpha, which he probably didn't realize (or maybe wouldn't be) company property, and intentionally making an artificially weaker program in order to ensure your job security. SpiderOak perhaps? I haven't used it heavily my self but it seems to cover at least the encryption requirements the author puts forward. That only works so long as the rules given to the filtering program are accurate and feasible, and if a single failed requirement DNE complete rejection. Management drawing completely overboard reqs for the filter means the filter becomes meaningless. Check this reply: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4347383 Basically it wasn't an ATM but a Nightly Drop box that allowed them to declare the amount of money they were depositing. The thing with doing that it it requires the person signing the check to have a /single/ extremely consistent signature. Personally my signature changes a lot depending on the pen I'm using or even how quickly I go. And I doubt I'm the only one. The fees for the person carrying the cards aren't bad but the processing companies, at least here in the US, probably in the EU too since they're all basically the same companies, charge quite a hefty fee on the business end. In short? The companies and their lawyers. Litigation is becoming more about hampering your competition and protecting yourself than it is about consumers and things which are 'wrong.' I was wondering what the author was going on about until I remembered Ad-block. It's still a very clean interface and the distinction between ads and search results is pretty clear. Doing a quick informal search, the terms that the author chose seems to be a large outlier in terms of numbers of ads. I don't see the huge issue here. There's no real private information given by this, it's just character name and realm. That and the horizontal complaint are the ones I don't really get. Horizontal doesn't really make sense as a horizontal orientation. And orientation changes with widgets on the home screen brings it's own issues. Take for example a home screen filled with edge to edge one row tall widgets. How do you resize that to fit into a horizontal orientation? Yeah the only issue with this one is exploring the underground bits are difficult. It's practically impossible to get down the holes near the Mario bit in the east. Some cars already have that built in. It's a per manufacturer thing though. I think this is the app I was thinking of: http://www.viper.com/smartstart/ That's predicated on them being able to spare many employees just for drive sourcing, which as a relatively small company they probably couldn't. They went with the lower cost stop gap at first, if the shortage hadn't lasted as long they would have been better off with how they did it. They're DRM free ebooks so you can just load them. shrug Plane changes are one of the most expensive operations in an orbit iirc. The real test is how well you were able to pick up the concepts again. Not using it for, how ever many, years it's natural to forget. However if you can quickly reacquire the knowledge then you did learn it atrophied so to speak. The proof is that you listed the items which is clearly logged and visible.. The charge is for the listing not successfully completing an auction/sale. I always assumed those were set aside as unlicensed spectrum and that was why so many things existed along those bands. Probably also some propagation characteristics? Anyone else get an annoying social share floating toolbar making the bottom third or so of the page unreadable? Firefox 17. Except where did they plan to come up with that money? School budgets don't tend to grow that fast and building a new school adds additional costs. I'm not arguing that new schools shouldn't be built but taking on large debts without clear plans. Yes. Physically, it's running *nix though so you'd have to get windows to not freak out with all that power. Huh the only way you can tell 72.32.231.8 redirects to tumblr's crash page is the link under find out why. Completely unbranded. Is there a short explanation of what's happened? I haven't heard of all this. That might be part of their problem. Instead of making a big AAA game they keep reinventing the engine. It seems most really successful game studios have 1-2 engines that they're very good at producing good games on. They may update often but it's rarely an entirely new engine. (See Valve, ID, etc.) Making a new engine for every game can't help their delivery times. You assume the president's purchase came fairly early at the 100k mark. Later the delta from his donation continues diminishing rapidly. Any later than half way through and the delta is less than 2.5 cents and following the rest of your assumption gives them only 10k. Not to mention that the money is split between the donation options. (Default split on the Amnesia Fortnight is 70% to the developer, which I think is higher than the normal default) Taking that into account the numbers vary too wildly to begin speculating on. And beyond that it also raises large amounts of money for charity. Charity is Childs Play and Red Cross. What president would lump his company in as charity? Don't forget that not all of that goes to THQ. There's the default split but I can't find what that was for this bundle. It's 70% to the devs for the Amnesia Fortnight. (Might be higher than normal though) Possibly, I don't know much about the engines behind THQ's games really. To become just an engine company requires a well rounded and adaptable engine. There's probably some market for a superb niche engine but that is a weak position to put yourself in as a company. They might be reinventing their engine so often because they can't get a good future-resistant engine out of it. I'd rather no skins than the constant auth.minecraft outages. $51 million isn't really a shoestring budget any way you cut it. No gravity would simply approach infinity as you descended the well. And since we're being pedantic that's not an issue. >Not to mention the absurtidy of his conclusion. Proving a statement for a set of values you thought of is far more likely to be wrong than proving it with formal mathamatics. This, if the program did fail all that's been proven is that that particular delta-epsilon function, the defeatEpsilon here, doesn't work. In order to prove that the function doesn't converge you have to prove there is no function which can satisfy the conditions. (Luckily there are some theorems which make it so one only have to prove that two different sequences of the function converge to different values. But that's getting into Real Analysis which is a whole semester worth of explanations.)