Enter Socrates, just asking questions..... (remember that the charges for which he was put to death started with 'corrupting the youth of Athens'). This is both a horribly bad idea for a wide variety of reasons, and to top it off, it won't work, not even in principle. This article is too mild, not exaggerated or a commercial advocacy piece as some commenters assert. I know lot about carbon fiber. I own and run a business designing and hands-on fabricating carbon fiber components and products for aerospace/defense, top motorsports teams, UAV/Drones, sporting goods and more. (started this 12yrs ago after one of the software companies I co-founded sold). I was a competitive cyclist and still Mtn Bike a lot and race occasionally. Obviously, I think carbon components are fantastic. I could make my own, but I do not. Here's why: ENGINEERED MATERIALS: Carbon Fiber composites are an engineered material. This is great because the strength is very specific, and we can put the strength exactly where we need it, and omit the strength -and the weight- where it is not needed. This also means that the materials MUST be properly engineered to yield acceptable performance. This is NOT just fancy plastic or "black aluminum". Get the engineering right, and you have amazing parts that are both stronger and lighter than steel or aluminum. It is not unusual for us to outperform an aluminum product with a 40-50% weight savings and higher strength numbers. BUT, get the engineering wrong, and a carbon part that looks massively overbuilt, thicker and heavier than the equivalent steel part, will fail catastrophically. Moreover, there are THOUSANDS of combinations of grades of carbon fibers and epoxies, all appropriate for different applications, and these must also be properly selected. So, even if you obtain the exact molds used by Specalized to make their frame, without knowing the exact materials and design, it would be very difficult to make a frame that performed properly. FABRICATION PROCESS: The fabrication process is critical. - Everything must be cleaned properly. - Every single one of the hundreds of pieces of carbon fiber must be cut properly, then placed properly in the mold, in the correct sequence, and the correct orientation. - The mold components and compression tools must be placed properly and achieve and maintain the designed pressures. - The heat and cooling cycle must be applied properly. - The demolding must occur properly. - Any post-cure cycling must occur properly. - Any secondary bonding must be prepared and executed properly. Any failure in these hundreds of steps, and the frame will have a flaw that can hurt of kill someone. (not that it necessarily will, but it easily could -- simply consider hitting bumps in a fast descent -- that will be the exact point of maximum load, most likely to cause failure, and now the cyclist is Wyle E. Coyote... not fun). The fabrication process is analogous to having to ship software where we cannot make an error-corrected perfect digital copy, but each new copy must be hand-transcribed before shipping, and of course cannot be destructively tested. How well would you trust bootleg software running your heart pacemaker if it had to be copied the way monks copied bibles in the middle ages? TESTING PROCESS: Both the engineering design and the fabrication process must be subjected to rigorous testing. On the engineering side, even the most sophisticated modeling software needs real-world test validation of even basic parts models, as the number of variables is huge, and an initial design often does not yield the expected results. On the production side, every step of the process must be carefully designed, and verified to accurately and repeatedly produce parts that perform as engineered. BOTTOM LINE: This is obviously just skimming the surface, but the bottom line is that there are hundreds of opportunities for failures to creep in even when trying to do it right, and ridiculous opportunities for counterfeiters to cut corners. And most of them will NOT be readily visible to casual inspection of the product. I could, with my knowledge and access to my own shop, make a pair of carbon fiber handlebars to ride tomorrow. But I wouldn't ride them further than around the parking lot. We'd need to make a big investment in designing then fabricating and testing scores of units before having the confidence to take one for a real ride. But, standing in the shoes of a desperate counterfeiter in China, where ripping-off IP is the ethical norm, and who will be selling parts to unseen and probably despised customers on the other side of the globe, and who probably doesn't understand enough about the engineering pitfalls anyway ... ... sure, just copy some molds, buy any old carbon, and start slapping it in and cooking it, just make sure it looks good. I've seen even legit parts come in from Asia with crazy shortcuts, never mind the counterfeit stuff. I've also personally witnessed those parts causing disasters. As a rider, just seeing this crap coming into the US is truly frightening. Even the legit parts are cause for worry -- are the US guys actually riding herd on the Chinese QC well enough? Probably. The counterfeit or low-market stuff? Forget it -- you literally couldn't pay me enough to ride it anywhere further than across the parking lot. Anyone who considers doing so is really ignorant of the real risks. It's just physics, and physics does not care about you. "carbon reinforce plastic is ultimately just fancy plastic" NO, it isn't. That is a very erroneous and dangerous assumption. Carbon Fiber Composite is an Engineered Material, which is very different from ordinary plastics or metals, in just about every important way. Please see my comment above and do some research, but do not spread this false concept. YW; I just saw the post late, but was really annoyed at the deep ignorance of some of the comments here -- it really demonstrated the problems of very smart and knowledgeable people making judgements outside their area of expertise with insufficient information. Even if it was not read much, I needed to at least add some basic facts to the discussion. Thx for letting me know that it was worth it! Sorry you missed the context. Per the comment, please read my other post which provides a good primer on high level detail and perhaps do some research on Engineered Materials vs Monolithic Materials. I'll also provide a bit more detail here: Monolithic materials, such as ordinary metals or plastics are substantially the same in all directions. You can work with them by getting the basic info on their properties, and then design and cut them from any direction. Other than edge cases pushing the limits where you have to watch for grain effects in some metals, you can cut it and shape it any way you like. In contrast, for engineered materials, at the most basic level, their properties are HIGHLY directional. The cool thing about this is that it means that we can put the strength exactly where it is needed, and omit the strength (and weight) where it is not needed. BUT, this means that these materials MUST be engineered. The designer MUST understand the details of the loads and load paths, and design the material to handle it. The fabricator MUST follow those designs exactly in hundreds of parameters. Otherwise, the part will fail. On the good side, it is not unusual for us to beat the performance of aluminum by 40-50%. On the bad side, it would not be hard to make a carbon part that appears massively overbuilt, heavier and thicker than steel, yet would fail catastrophically. (note that this is just the most basic level, and overlooks issues of the many types and grades of carbon or the hundreds of types of epoxy, chemistries, cure rates, bonding, inserts, etc., and their appropriate application.) Carbon Fiber is most definitely NOT "just fancy plastic" or 'black aluminum', and that assumption is wrong and can be very dangerous. (ironically, I agree with many of your other points, but that assumption really needs to be put to rest) Yes, we do now have far better onboard sensor suites and logging than in decades past. And this can provide incredible amounts of information, and get us closer to the source of issues much faster. Many times, it makes the issue immediately obvious and documented. HOWEVER! Do NOT make assumptions and fool yourself into thinking this is a cure-all. There are many problems that, while the logged sensor data narrows it down and provides clues, it can sometimes either not provide the critical clues, or can even be misleading. Yes, sometimes adding more sensors focused on the issue may help, but not always. Sometimes it is just down to the hard work of finding the peculiar circumstances and interactions that cause previously unknown failure modes. Been there, done that (UAV & motorsport systems), seen lots of very smart & experienced engineers stumped for way longer than you'd expect. Come back in 15 years and say that nobody cares. Unless it is fixed before that time, you'll care then. Spend a couple of decades building, and leading teams to build, great software that creates $millions in value (sales or savings for your co), and get so you really know your way around both the tech and business side of things. Then, when you are really ready to sink your teeth into a new challenge, start to look around ... and discover that because one glance at the experience on your resume reveals that you are fourty-something, you can't even get an interview. Your attitude about "the right ratio" is actually a great example of the discriminatory attitude. I've seen young developers right out of college that are more tired and cynical than any oldster, and I've seen old that care more than some junior and are building the new tech. I've seen up close a company make dozens of hires -mostly friends- and make less progress over the following years than the team of The ENTIRE POINT of not discriminating is to focus on building a team that actually gets work done, not on creating some ephemeral "culture" -- the point is to discover the ACTUAL characteristics of each INDIVIDUAL that you hire, rather than making ASSUMPTIONS about characteristics based on a generic, immutable, and un-predictive characteristic. Culture is an emergent phenomenon. It is not a primary capability to be deliberately managed at the cost of primary capabilities (sure, if culture-related items can be managed to measurably benefit primary capabilities, then definitely do it, but don't have the tail wag the dog). But, if you're just there to grab a bunch of VC money to squander on an extended frat party and do favors for all your bros, and the VCs are stupid enough to toss the funds your way and also think 'culture' is more important than skills, then by all means, party on! OK, so just because it is universally applied, that makes it fair, or smart, and nobody should care? Candidates who are demonstrably better in every dimension related to the productive goals of the company (and probably even better at beer pong and foosball) are denied opportunities for work and income on the basis that they don't look 'like a bro' when going out for a beer? Apply the same to any similar category - blacks, Asians, women, LGBT, etc., etc. If you universally apply the discrimination without fail, it is fair, or smart? What is frightening is this apparent scale of this willful ignorance, based on broad observations that "nobody cares", in a whole generation of supposedly educated and intelligent people. Those that do not know history are condemned to repeat it, and it is evident that basically nobody in this generation paid much attention, especially to history. More importantly, this is demonstrably STUPID, and any VC worth the title should be managing it mercilessly if they want a return, especially considering how many top HN discussions are about how to hire right. Yet, everyone is happy to ignore the fact that the talent pool is being artificially restricted to a small set of marginally-skilled young white frat guys because the so-called "leaders" of these organizations are more comfortable drinking a beer with them -- i.e., "culture"? Meanwhile, entire categories of available talent are left by the wayside. It is pretty clear that all this talk and angst about finding the best talent is bullshit. Since it is so critical to find the right talent, it is no wonder that so many VC funds have returns lower than mutual funds, when they don't even bother to monitor this critical metric of whether their companies are hiring the best bros or the best actual talent. Wow. Just because there is not yet a specific harm to a specific person enumerated to you in a way that you understand and agree with, no one should be annoyed and everyone should just let it happen? There do exist broader harms, and people's behavior can be so egregious that it "offends the sensibilities". Start with the least of, yet most salient of your stated issues: did Theranos divert money from other more deserving startups -- 'AFAYK, no specific one of those dollars was kept from another specific deserving startup familiar to you, so it's OK'? Really? Are you saying that all other startups are similarly dishonest and undeserving, or that because because no one can specifically track it to your satisfaction, no one should be PO'd? Related to your other posts, and as another responder commented, this is not a case of a mere unfinished app with noticeable demand, to which funds and effort are applied until it gets built-out until v1.1 gets rolled out. This is a case where the "app" is a blood test critical to people's lives, determining drug dosages, treatment courses and outcomes, etc. A failure here can really f*$k up someone's life or kill them, not just inconvenience them because the app failed to load and order their dinner. Moreover, this is a case where Theranos clearly must have known that the basic technology DID NOT WORK and COULD NOT BE MADE TO WORK with any reasonable effort. The right thing to do after a suitable amount of R&D is to shut it down and return remaining money to investors. Many startups have done this. Instead, Theranos decided perpetrate a continuing fraud on investors, customers and the public. They used competitor's machines claiming to be using their own machines. This defrauds everyone, pollutes the investing and entrepreneurial ecosystem, and puts patients at risk. (but AFAYK, this is no reason for anyone to be even a bit annoyed...) Worse yet, and this is one of the bases for the govt's CRIMINAL investigation, Theranos was using hordes of UNQUALIFIED technicians running both the test equipment, and they even CONTINUED to do so after being previously warned by the govt. WTF?!? This is the most simple, basic management -- no science or engineering here -- just use some of your $400MM to hire people with the required credentials to perform tests upon which people rely for their health and life. And the CEO then said that she didn't know about it? This is just obviously a culture of fraud and corner-cutting, in which the only thing that mattered was the image. Theranos may indeed have started out as an honest development effort (I hope so). But at some point it obviously became clear internally that the tech did not and would not work. At that point, Theranos decided (explicitly or implicitly) to continue to maintain the facade, and wandered off into fraud. If you don't understand that this kind of behavior violates social and legal norms in many ways, and that people are normally annoyed at these sorts of violations and failures to uphold the norms that bind us together as a society, then I'm not sure anyone could help you. And saying that it is OK to lie, cheat, and steal as long as nobody can articulate a specific harm to a specific person puts you on the outside of society, and not in a good way. OTOH, if you're just trolling, then well played. OK, so we do have a federal agency to monitor this stuff. We also have police. Does this mean that we should not be annoyed when criminals do their crimes, or not be annoyed that we need to be vigilant and protect ourselves against criminals? Of course not -- these federal monitoring agencies/police are a necessary burden, and they only marginally prevent crime -- the crimes still happen, and the agencies/police only come in after to investigate and punish. Meanwhile, people's lives are harmed or ended -- by the criminals -- who act with impunity until caught and punished. Now, are Holmes and the rest of Theranos' mgt criminals? Of course none of us actually know, we have only a preponderance of second-hand evidence from the press and from government actions. If you are saying that we shouldn't trust any of this, that Theranos is really a bunch of upstanding citizens being brought down by a malicious government and press, then say so. Otherwise, if there is a reason to put some trust in the actions of the govt and the press, then we shouldn't be the slightest bit surprised at the anger, schadenfreude, and impatience to have them taken down. IMO, based on the public info, Theranos has become a criminally fraudulent enterprise, and my biggest emotions are anger that they got away with it for so long and impatience at wanting to see them taken down sooner (of course, if it turned out to be a malicious govt and press, then I'd be defending Theranos even more strongly than I now despise them, as a malicious govt and press are an even bigger betrayal of our trust). Re: If they didn't actually do anything illegal and just ran out of money? NO, simply spending down the funds until they are exhausted on a known dead-end project is not fair. At this point, they've had and years of time with unrestricted access to hundreds of millions of dollars for R&D. They will have either 1) a known path forward with a method that can be engineered into a usable solution, or 2) the knowledge that there is no such path in sight or that they are obstructed by physical limits, or 3) neither of these. If 1), they should already be engineering it towards success (and not testing it in the field with unqualified techs). If 2), they should politely shut down and return unspent funds. If 3), then they have and incompetent R&D effort and should also return the unspent funds. Simply continuing to spend down the funds in condition 2 or 3 is at the very least dishonest/fraudlent to the investors (or other entrepreneurs who might access those investment funds), since it is now known that there is no realistic chance for success. OK, I'll bite, with a serious, practical question -- how would I do that this week? Please assume that I have 100 BTC at a particular address or small set of addresses, and I don't like the Chinese mining consortia. How do I actually move my value to a new chain that 1) excludes those mining consortia, 2) preserves my stored value, and 3) preserves my ability to transact with any other valid BTC address? How can I get this done by next week? OK, so the fork would accomplish goal #1, but not #2 or #3. I can have my own brand new BTCv2, but it has no value, unless I can get the majority of other BTC people to come over, and if a serious movement starts, the value on both chains tanks and needs to be rebuilt by trust, and the assumption that no one else tries the same thing. Even when the point of the chain is not to store value, but just data, it seems that we're already losing the ability to track all the old data. Sure I extract a set of the stuff I want and carry on with the new fork, but no one else comes along, their data is lost, so they don't come along. If all I care about is a close network of friends, or perhaps an internal company data store, then fine, but how does one cleanly tear off a chunk of a network that looks like the graph of FB or Twitter? Am I missing something here? Wow, you really think that Roosevelt and Churchill and the societies and they lead were equivalent to those of Hitler, Stalin and Mao? That our democracy, as flawed as it is, is not better than China's one-party, censorship, mobile execution vans? Why have you not moved there yet? Yes, there are are sometimes, even many senseless wars, but that does not mean that all are so. And it certainly does not mean that people who volunteered to fight that war, and those who paid the ultimate price and died in it, don't deserve some honor (and no, honoring them does not mean that we cannot question or adjust belief structures later). The ignorance expressed in your statement is so profound that it is truly frightening, and if many hold it, then our society will not last. Seriously, please learn some actual history (or at least don't spout the ignorance). Or if you don't want to learn history, just examine some current societies that don't have the trust and stability in which you were obviously raised and take for granted. Yes, Stalin and Mao were at least enemies-of-our-enemies in WWII; and immediately after they became our direct enemies in the cold war (in which people died directly and in proxy wars, e.g., Korea, Vietnam). My comment was not about one specific war, but about the general concept that some societies and ways of living are qualitatively and quantitatively better than others, and that people will willingly sign up to fight to preserve those societies, even knowing that being killed is a likely outcome. As a simple quantitative measure, Google "Dictator Death Tolls", and you'll find Hitler in third place variously counted at 17-30 million, Stalin in 2nd at 23-40 million and Mao topping the charts at 60-78 Million -- people killed by their leadership. As much as we complain about the inequities of our governments, every possible complaint utterly pales on contrast to those societies -- at least we can complain, or wear glasses, or be born into an unfavored family without being killed for it. More to the point, when threatened with living under one of those regimes instead of ours, many sane people would eagerly sign up to fight, with full knowledge that they could die. Signing up to fight for such a cause is considered noble far outside the bounds of Christianity cited by the GP, is the furthest thing possible from the "not knowing the consequences" and "following their naive emotions" cited by the GP, and the contempt with which the GP writes of those actions is simply wrong. Excellent question, and the answer is that human memory is generally highly fallible, malleable, and unreliable. We all have the naive impression that memory is somehow like a video recording and we can just access it to find out what happened. Indeed, we all have some very vivid and probably quite accurate memories about some exceptional events, or can recall exactly what page and what part of the page we read some specific item. There area also examples of amazing memory stunts and records, and even memory contests and championships. But we cannot assume that just because we have some very good memories, memory is generally good, indeed, it is mostly pretty bad, especially compared to any kind of recording system. This is supported by several areas of research demonstrating how easy it is to plant fake memories, reshape memories, and get people to be completely convinced that they are describing are exact and real. One area of research is eyewitness testimony, which has pretty much been the standard in courts since courts existed, yet when eyewitness accounts are compared, they almost always come up with a variety of contradictions. There's also been research into the phenomena of "found" or "recovered" memories often used to convict accused child abusers. Again, it turns out that suggestion and guidance on the part of the investigator can create things our or whole cloth, so it must be very carefully guarded against. There's also several other research areas in which this is relevant, but the outcome is pretty consistent -- human memory is generally pretty bad (sorry I haven't got the time to track down the references). I've found that it's best to just treat memory as merely a good hint about what might have happened (or where I might have left that tool or the keys), and then look for actual evidence of what really happened. Of course, everyone should know that Idiocracy is a time-displaced documentary... I've long thought that an even better way would be a strong curve in the capital gains tax structure. Currently, if held ,1yr it counts as ordinary income, >1yr gets cap gains treatment of 28%. Better would be something like the following holding periods and tax rates (obviously a mere sketch subject to tuning): >10yrs = 0 The short end would eliminate the volatility, unfairness and flash-crashes created by submillisecond trading. The encouragement to the longer end would get everyone to think longer-term. The 0% for decade+ holdings would prevent a lot of silliness around inheritance (e.g., you inherit a few shares from your grandfather, and have no records or reasonable way to figure the cost basis, but are required to assert one). Of course, I doubt it would happen because it isn't in the short-term interest of the bankers. >Are you suggesting that the US will initiate nuclear war? Yes, it should be entirely expected in response to such a serious attack, especially since no country would attempt to take out a carrier group outside the context of a much larger war. Consider that 1) the US doctrine does not forbid first use, and 2) that sinking a carrier and a significant part of its group is tantamount to destroying a small city (the population on the carrier alone is over 6000 people), and 3) that taking out a carrier is taking out effectively 10% of our key naval/air capability. In short, it is an extremely serious action, and would be seen by all as "the gloves coming off". Anyone contemplating launching an attack to take out one of our carriers/groups should not be the slightest bit surprised to find a few nuclear warheads detonating at over some of their major bases within a few hours of taking out the carrier. Nor would any observer be surprised at such a response. That said, if an appropriate retaliation could be done without nukes, it probably would be done that way. But, again, the context is likely to be that of a very rapidly escalating war. . . . . (edit, missing words) I see why it seems nuts, but then holding a position for less than a minute seems nuts also. That kind of trading is not primarily providing liquidity, its primarily skimming and front-running. IMO, it should probably be banned. However, I think that providing a 95% tax rate is a lighter touch, and allows people to do it if they can find sufficient profit. I also mentioned being open to tuning the amounts. What rate would you think would be good for such short term trading? Because we need to anticipate conditions in which communications links and space assets (e.g., GPS and comms links) are unavailable. UAVs do not yet have the autonomous intelligence to operate on their own, and even if they do, we haven't yet decided to give robots the decision to kill autonomously. Answer 2 =) we already do, to some degree. E.g., Cruise Missiles have had the ability to navigate on inertial guidance and terrain-following technology for decades, and we use those a lot. But again, a cruise missile can only get programmed for one target, go there, and hit it. A pilot can go to the target area, notice that the target has moved or new conditions exist (e.g., a bunch of children have been moved in as human shields), or notice that new targets of opportunity have popped up, and immediately take appropriate action. And, we're back to the autonomous AI tech is not yet that good (and I'm not sure that we want it to get that good). Sure, the country can defend itself all it wants, but this is war, not Queensbury rules boxing. So, yeah, if we're pummelling the snot out of some small country (Grenada, Venezuela, ???) and they get off a lucky shot with a missile or torpedo that manages to sink one carrier, then a nuclear response would be unwarranted and unlikely, and we'd just see continued conventional operations by the rest of the fleet. But that scenario is so unlikely. But we're realistically talking about an all-out attack on a carrier group with ballistic missiles or nuclear subs, possibly with nuclear warheads. This would only be mounted by a Russia or China. Or possibly Iran trying a swarm attack with thousands of small suicide-boats. This would be in the context of a much larger war and operations. Attacking a carrier group is an undertaking of huge magnitude - a huge escalation in itself, and anyone should expect a serious response from a successful attack. And, keeping open the question of whether that retaliation might be nuclear is also an important deterrent. The context would certainly determine whether or not it actually goes nuclear. E.g., what other resources can be brought to bear, under what threat is the rest of the fleet? E.g., if it was the Chinese ballistic anti-carrier missiles, and we knew exactly where they were and could target them conventionally, we probably would, but if they threatened the rest of the fleet, and the only way to neutralize them was nukes, ... watch out. So, overall, I'm not saying it would necessarily be nuclear, but it certainly wouldn't be surprising if it were. And, if it were, I'd expect that it would be seen as not un-reasonable, because if the US follows its own history, we're very reluctant to launch them. Yes, they have these fantastic capabilities, and they are improving all the time. That said, note that even your example included live updates via comms/satellite links... Consider the scenario where comms and orbital assets are unavailable/unreliable. We still need human pilots. We're working to the day when we won't, but, we're not there yet. (BTW, I'm all for unmanned, and think the F35 is already obsolete, and that humans are the limiting performance factor in esp. fighter aircraft (e.g., limiting it to 10g accelerations, but we're just not there yet for all scenarios, to answer the GP question as to "why not") Ha! Yes, I knew someone whose mom had very good taste (e.g., owned a small art gallery), and often traveled internationally with her husband who had many overseas posts. A large department store hired her on a freelance basis to do buying in Japan and Korea, where she'd scout products and diligently send in reports. Some years later, she somehow found out that they were using her as a reverse buyer -- since she had upper-crust taste, her reports were used as a guide about what NOT do buy for their stores. Kinda sad to see how vendors that should be selecting and creating good stuff are instead actually deliberately selecting & creating crap to market to us. Actually the current "development kit" starts at USD$30,000 http://liquidpiston.com/dev-kit/ It even has disadvantages compared to the Wankel engine, in that the intake and exhaust airflows are through the sides of the engine, so you can't even stack them along the same crankshaft without seriously compromising the airflow and packaging. Also, while it doesn't have the Wankel rotor tip seals and their associated issues, they don't say much about sealing all their other surfaces. This is likely why they replaced the 6.5Hp motor in their demo go-kart with a 3Hp version of their own motor (if it was a real Wankel, they would have used a two- or three-rotor stack and gotten almost the same or more power for ~1/4 the weight, which would have been a good demo. Instead, they look like they're driving a go-kart at about 1/4 throttle. Although they tout weight advantages, their power-weight ratio is actually pretty bad compared to a variety of other engines, including Wankels and two-strokes of similar sizes, e.g., for model airplane power plants. Of course the immediate Zeitgeist of the comments here is that this is about protection of entrenched interests and quashing of innovation. Sure, there may be some of that. However, we in the tech community need to recognize that doing something at scale creates a fundamental difference of kind, not merely of quantity. Of course, to a large degree, that is the point of much modern tech, to take something that was simply local word-of-mouth stuff ("oh, my friend's got an apartment empty next month, perhaps you two can work out house-sitting for your visit" or "oh, she needs a ride to town too") and turning it into an instant service, globally scaled. This is what creates $billions of value with minimal infrastructure. However, it is nonsense to say that there are no negative externalities, or that they are all trivial and ignore-able, or merely old incumbents protecting their ill-gotten economic territory. Consider another potential technology that could be easily scaled -- speeding tickets. Instead of relying on the local cop to manually measure your speed, chase you down, write a ticket and testify in court, they could simply get the data off your smartphone and ticket you ever time you sent over-speed. They could just argue that "this is just the same law as we've always had". But the result would be that instead of maybe one ticket every X+ years, most of us would get multiple tickets every time we drove outside of a traffic jam. It would fundamentally change everything about driving and the related economy. Similarly, it's one thing when a few people casually rent out a room for a few days a year, or get a house-sitter when they go on vacation. But, it is altogether different when the information exchange infrastructure becomes sufficiently reliable and networked that it makes sense for people to run lodging as a business, even buying houses just for that purpose. This substantially distorts the real estate market, and dumps a lot of externalities on neighbors. It is one thing to buy a house or condo on the assumption that the neighbors are all residents with investment in the neighborhood/building -- quite another to expect that all of the people around you are completely transient. And, of course, even worse when the situation changes after you've moved in. So, please think a bit before jumping on the "they're all ignorant Luddites" bandwagon... (edit - grammar/clarity) Reasonable impulse to go for local regs, but we're talking about global services here. Is it a good idea to expect that a global service be forced to deal with a crazy-quilt patchwork of likely conflicting local regs? Obviously the service wants no reg, but if they're smart, they should want single fed regs, vs potentially unlimited local versions. And of course, are there federal concerns vs local concerns, e.g., taxation, undeclared income, effects on the capital gain on the buildings (someone renting out a house regularly shouldn't get the same cap gains exception as on a building used fully as a primary residence), etc., which make it pretty reasonable to look at it from that level. Sure, to the extent that it's entirely local, local-scale regs would likely be appropriate. However, it looks like they're specifically looking at national-scale distortions in the market. While I haven't examined the data supporting that, I would not be surprised to see large-scale distortions from a system designed to produce large-scale effects. "many high sensation seekers’ problematic behaviors involve intense experiences that can be pursued impulsively and without obvious immediate consequences, such as binge drinking or drug use....Joseph wonders if that energy could be redirected into high-arousal activities—such as rock climbing, but with protective gear—that by their nature involve constraint, premeditation, and specific goals, reinforcing different life patterns." I read some time ago about a drug treatment program centered around rock climbing, said to have astonishingly high success rates. But then I never heard much more about it. Perhaps it doesn't scale due to small supply of climbing teachers and/or large supply of skeptics? Yes, climbing is a very cool sport and community. I wish I had a link, but it was years ago that I read it. Yes, in a perfect world, everyone would have . But it does not work like that. Not even close. Money equals access. Sure, technically, you can plead your own case, but it will require you to give up literally everything else in your life and you'll probably lose against the professionals (how well would you do against the professionals in your favorite sport if you dedicated the next 10 months of your life to it -- remember, they've been doing it for decades and make a living at it?). The fact is that you need serious funds to prosecute or even defend a case bigger than small claims court. I'm in such a case right now and need funding (which is how I got to this article); tho I won't post the details, the requirements will run well into six figures just to pursue what I already had in a written contract. Do you have that kind of pocket change lying around? I don't, and I don't think most of the rest of us do either. While I had a vague idea before, it has now become blindingly obvious that money is required for access to proper justice. While I have much better access than many people, it is also obvious that I also have much less access than others. So, yes, IFF everyone has equal access, there's no need. But we don't, so there is a real need. I guess I'm reading it as the plaintiff having to 'sell their access' to the system, as part of the potential proceeds, in order to get justice. If you don't have the requisite funds, you sell part of your potential proceeds (which become profits to the investor) in order to get access to the justice system. Or, in Hogan's case, sold his case (access to the justice system) to Theil so they could both achieve their goals. (so maybe, it's just a less-clear phrase than it should be?) You are spreading very bad MIS-information, and it doesn't matter why -- stop it. The fact, for a number of different states in which I've employed people (including MA, CA, NH...) is that there are very specific requirements for hiring people, and NO, YOU CANNOT SIMPLY "pay using invoicing while a company gets going". Federal and state laws specify that all employees are W2 status, and you are REQUIRED to withhold taxes. Management is even personally on the hook for these tax liabilities. There are exceptions under certain limited criteria in which you can hire people as outside contractors -- commonly referred to as "1099s" -- the Federal laws are quite tight (the famous '20 questions'), and state laws are even tighter. E.g., in MA you cannot hire any person who performs core functions of your company as a 1099, so if your company writes software you cannot hire anyone to work on that software as a 1099 (but you could hire someone to, say, customize your office accounting package as long as you are only using it). Yes, it is that tight. Just because some founders decide to break the law, and you would be happy to go along with them, does not make it legal. OK, so somebody's tracking it in secret, doing the 'antibiotic susceptibilities' tests and logging the results, and the state health dept receives the data, but the info is being kept from the patients' relatives and from the public in general? This creates two obvious results. 1) suppression of legitimate claims from relatives, and 2) suppression of valid concern and pressure for govt action such as increased research funding. How is this good? Yes, I totally get privacy, and I'm glad to read that you're not saying it is good. It's the hiding it in public records such as Death Certificates, information given to the family, and performance statistics that I find suspicious. Great quote from his friend, Dan Hill: "You see, for Rick Rescorla, this was a natural death. People like Rick, they don’t die old men. They aren’t destined for that and it isn’t right for them to do so. It just isn’t right, by God, for them to become feeble, old, and helpless sons of bitches. There are certain men born in this world, and they’re supposed to die setting an example for the rest of the weak bastards we’re surrounded with." A better question for a VC to ask would be: "Can you stick with anything for 10 years?" or "What else have you done that demonstrates long term perseverance against adversity?". The real question is whether the person has the ability to persevere in adversity. No matter what you are starting, your activities will be quite different far sooner than 10 years. Passion for a particular mission is helpful, but you must be able to handle the drudgery and adversity -- even the most exciting and pleasant pursuits include many tasks that quickly turn to drudgery, and things will go against you often. It is not passion that gets you through the drudgery and adversity, it is the perseverance. Many passionate people quit when things get tough, while many people with perseverance have made a success of projects with merely "worthwhile" goals. [edit: clarity/punctuation] Ha! ... but, just curious, is your procrastination the same in year 10 as in year 1? Yes, I've always been astonished at how bad the software and software management is in the auto industry. And I'm personally still annoyed at BMW from about 8yrs ago when my X5 was occasionally throwing a spurious trivial dashboard warning and I asked about it at the dealer when I went in for some other warranty service. When I got back there was a $200 bill for doing a flash update to some controller, and the dealer insisted that it was BMW that kept it off warranty and charged them for each install. While I could perhaps see some trivial $15 service fee to install it, charging $200 to fix their own damn bug is pretty outrageous. They should just be installing the full set of accumulated updates every time the car comes in for service. But that's not how the auto industry thinks, so yes, that is a huge advantage for Tesla, even if the others are starting to come around, they are effectively a decade late. It actually did have an effect on policy and was cited in Ronald Reagan's own memoirs. This is mentioned in the Wikipedia article. As you're saying it can't be done, just don't get in the way of the guys actually getting it done. The mattress is a nice example of a novel problem, but a remote edge-case. Being safe from all badly secured loads is not a prerequesite for self-driving cars -- they merely need to be more safe on balance than the mass of human drivers before they start taking over. I suspect that even if self-driving-cars all did the worst possible thing and tailgated all badly secured loads, the overall safety improvement would still be a net positive. This prediction will suffer the same fate of other naysaying predictions by experts (never fly, never get to the moon, never know what a star is made of, etc., etc,., etc.....). Yes, many regulations exist for good reason and have significant upsides. However, it's false to say that EVERY individual regulation meets these criteria. As TFA pointed out, these objects are far less hazardous than firearms, fireworks, automobiles, and even balloons (the leading cause of child suffocation, and for whic labeling is required), but because they are novel the CPSC decided to slap them with an absolute ban, which is stronger regulation than any of the other products listed above and thousands of others. This was a very badly considered and executed regulation, and the judge acted rightly. FWIW, I don't think anyone is saying what you imply, that all regulations are baseless and bad. Interesting new form factor 21mm x 70mm. Not entirely wrong. As noted earlier by schiffern, charcoal has a huge surface area, and carbon fiber has a different structure with much less surface area. But, I'd still expect it to burn very nicely in the presence of concentrated oxygen. Carbon fiber, is solid fibers about 5-7 microns thick and of arbitrary length. The fiber is embedded in a matrix, typically of epoxy. A typical ratio for a high-performance part would be about 64% carbon fiber and 36% epoxy. If built properly, the epoxy or other matrix material will completely encapsulate the carbon, including a thin coating on the surfaces. That said, the first thing I'd want to do in the presence of 100% liquid oxygen is to coat the entire carbon composite to ensure that the composite and the oxygen stay apart. The epoxy itself is an organic compound, and the thickness of the coating is at most a few hundred microns (you have to be very careful sanding the surface to prep it for a more durable coating, or you'll get into the carbon). Source: I'm a carbon fiber designer and fabricator. "THE DEAL'S NOT DONE UNTIL THE CHECK CLEARS." This bit of advice has served me quite well over the years. At a celebration party for a new investment in a company I'd previously co-founded but was only a stockholder at the time, the CFO excitedly told me that I was 'worth millions', and asked 'how did it feel?'. I told him that "I'll tell you when we get an exit" and changed nothing about my life. Good thing, because while the check had cleared on that investment, the exit several years later wound up with the stock amount value down in the five figures. One guy I know had co-founded a company, was doing OK. I noticed some impressive new equipment that showed up on his website and we chatted about doing some projects together and how he's got a major deal coming in and had invested well into six figures. The next thing I knew, his company had vanished and he was working for a small shop several states over. They didn't get the project after all, and were immediately bankrupt. Worse yet, was a story from an attny friend I'd worked with; he told me about a guy (client?) he knew who 'got' a VC investment, divorced his wife, bought a big new house, car, etc. .... and the deal fell through.... not sure what happened to that guy, but I'm sure it wasn't pretty. Repeat: "The deal is not done until the check clears"... [edit: typos, clarity] Socialism can be viewed as communism-lite, and there is the idea out there that socialism leads to communism and its problems. Yet, no example comes to mind of a society has turned without a forced internal/external takeover to socialism, then onward to communism. Could you point me to some? CASE A: [Struggle to learn]=>[Succeed a bit]=>[Struggle to learn]=>[fail]=>[struggle to learn]=>[fail harder]=>[struggle more to learn]=>[gain key insight]=>[succeed] CASE B: [cut&paste]=>[appear to succeed]=>[cut&paste]=>[appear to succeed]=>[cut&paste]=>[get job]=>[fail]=>[decide to struggle to learn]=>[struggle to learn]=>[gain key insight ~instantly]=>[succeed] Case A happens all the time; it is the standard process of learning. Case B doesn't happen. Moreover, by his fraudlent cut&paste antics, 'Bryan' has already told us one of two things: * either Bryan himself doesn't believe that he can learn, so why should anyone else believe that he can learn? or * Bryan doesn't believe that learning is necessary, so why should anyone expect him to start now? The ideal and fair solution (which won't happen) would have Bryan not only fired on the spot, but repaying the company for all wages and costs of all the time that everyone wasted on him, and delays in the project. Bryan was already treated far more than fairly, and the author was correct to provide the accurate background information on him. There are also larger considerations than the fate of the fraudulent Bryan himself -- the rest of the team. Not only is he failing to pull his own weight, he is taking deliberate actions that impede the progress of the rest of the team. He cannot be gone soon enough. [edit - typos] Great, they now face regulatory and reputational risks, and rightly so. They should be allowed to take steps to prevent themselves from unwittingly supporting laundering, terrorism, etc. However, those steps should not include STEALING THEIR CUSTOMERS' MONEY, which is no less than this bank did until contacted by the media. If they decide the person or transaction is insufficiently verifiable to accept, hold, or move the money, fine. Refuse to keep the funds and RETURN THEM TO THE OWNER. Keeping the funds is simply theft. This is no better than the "asset forfeiture" going on in US police departments who are behaving as robbery gangs. It may technically require the same salary, but the actual implementation and enforcement renders these requirements meaningless. I've been in situations where I directly observed it happening. Requirement to advertise for US workers first? No Problem, just advertise where nobody looks, like the physical local newspaper's classifieds. Advertise for a different lower-paid job title, even though the coding duties will be exactly the same. Hire via an outsourcing company whose entire operation is to game the system, and the costs are still less than a US programmer. The worst part is the sponsorship structure -- when you hire an H1-B worker, you are "sponsoring" his or her presence in the US. they have only the right to work at your business, and nowhere else. They lose that job, and they will have to leave within days (60?). They would not only have to find a new job in that time, but a new job willing to sponsor them and capable of getting their H1-B approved in that time -- very unlikely. This means that the H1-Bs will take all kinds of abuse and lower pay without complaining, as complaining is the quick ticket home. The simple change of allowing H1Bs to be a 2-year visa, and they are allowed to change to any job after 6 months would go a long way to clearing out the abuses, since the sponsoring company would need to treat them at their full worth to keep them. Good question. I'd say it is probably possible to replace a battery pack on the gasoline-refill time scale with a well-engineered drive-over clip-in type mechanism or a side-trolley replacement mechanism. They replace whole nose assemblies in Reliability and safety would take some real work, just like the high-speed fuel rigs previously used in F1.