"Google's name still comes up when any evil corporate behavior is discussed in any nerd community (not so much non-nerd groups) because of that great catch phrase, especially when Microsoft is mentioned." I think it was Cringely who said something like: "Microsoft's slogan is similar to Google's, but slightly different. Be evil." They didn't bother to ask you whether you already knew RoR? Or they're willing to pay you to learn it? I want to know how you pulled this off. Skimming the article, I don't see how it's feasible to ethically engineer a "human equivalent intelligence". The author talks about engineering a toddler level intelligence, the reasoning being that the toddler program would not be capable of figuring out a way to "escape" its box and getting into mischief that humans would be unable to control or prevent. But the thought of "turning off" a toddler equivalent makes me queasy. Will the toddler think it is a person? What an awful, worse-than-Truman's-World-nightmare it would be for that "toddler" to find out the truth. Could we ethically "turn off" such a program? Even if it knows that it is not human, if it is truly equivalent to a toddler it is almost certain to introduce some kind of ethical quandries we cannot possibly predict before the program actually exists. I do not see any safe way to pursue this project and successfully avoid ethical landmines. I am also troubled by the vaguely utopian hopes this man has for his personal project. Attempts by people to implement any kind of utopian vision tend to end badly. Wil Shipley on unit tests: http://wilshipley.com/blog/2005/09/unit-testing-is-teh-suck-urr.html I think what he's saying is unit tests don't add much if you are doing UI type development. It is hard to write unit tests for UIs (web or GUI), so if most of your code is UI code, don't bother. However, if you are writing a library that will be used by a lot of coders, unit tests are probably indispensable. Otherwise, you would never be able to make even simple architecture or design changes (refactoring). If you have a wife and/or family, keeping the day job can very well be the most responsible thing to do. As far as I know, this is largely an American (U.S.) phenomenon. I don't think many other countries have the kind of disparity between managers and other employees that American corporations have. I have also read analyses suggesting compensation is often influenced by the fact that board members are usely CEOs of other companies who know that their compensation will go up if the compensation of other CEOs go up. If true, that would qualify as "sinister" in my judgement. $600 + ($60 x 24) = $2,040 (including minimum two year contract) So you misunderestimated the actual price. The hole will be shaped something like this: http://www.johnlewis.com/jl_assets/product/230404933.jpg As a parent of young kids, this was the most terrifying part of the article, if this trend continues. You mean my kids will still be living in my house after college, and I'll be expected to go to job interviews and negotiations with them? Bought by Compaq. http://news.com.com/2100-1001-207442.html When our kids play room is filled with a mess of toys, they mostly ignore all of them and act bored. If those toys are put into storage in the basement and just a select few toys are chosen to leave out, they show a lot more interest in those toys. We have also decided to hold an annual yard sale with other families on our street to get rid of as much stuff as possible every year. But you might want to start looking for your next gig before the paychecks actually stop. There seem to be more references to Lisps (Common Lisp + Scheme) in that thread than this one. Has anyone previously using a Lisp for your startup since abandoned it? What were the reasons? The best summation of Searle's argument I've heard went something like "When you run a simulation of a rain storm, nothing gets wet. So if you run a simulation of a brain, does any 'thinking' happen?" Of course it's just word games. But it is equally word games to say that a machine 'thinks'. We use thinking to describe certain processes that happen in human brains, so to say that machines 'think' is really just a sort of metaphor. And if you think this is overly pedantic when discussing the possibility of the Singularity, consider this question. If someone told you that your brain could be 'uploaded' into a computer and run as a program that for all intents and purposes would be 'you' except much smarter and immortal, would you be willing to go through with this process if it were irreversible and your current brain were destroyed as part of the process? Just what is 'you' anyway? "Intelligence is fundamentally an information processing function." You can certainly define "intelligence" this way. But does it make sense to say "the human brain is an information processing function"? It's a non-sequitur. A brain can process information. A machine can process information. Does that make the brain and an information processing machine QUALITATIVELY the same thing? "Here's the real question: When you run a simulation of a Turing machine, does any computation happen?" If a simulation of a human brain receives a simulated stimulation of the appearance of his beloved, does the simulation's heart beat faster? Does the simulation maybe start sweating a little? Does the simulation experience all the little physiological changes that the non-simulated human experiences? A human brain is part of an organism, and I don't think it's a useful metaphor to call a human being a computation engine. I suppose you could theoretically simulate everything about the world in which real human beings exist and then at that point claim the simulation is qualitatively the same as what is simulated. But just how exact does your simulation have to be to make that claim? Down to the quantum level? Will even the singularity produce that kind of computing power in the near future? Even then, are the things in the simulation qualitatively the same as the things in our world? Notice all the question marks? Searle is engaging in philosophy, and I think many quantitative types have a hard time accepting that there may be questions that do not have easy quantitative answers. Which is my point. I don't have the answers, but find Searle's objections worth pondering. Leave it to news.ycombinator to post the answer to my rhetorical question before I finished typing it: http://arxiv.org/PS_cache/quant-ph/pdf/0110/0110141v1.pdf Answering: "But just how exact does your simulation have to be to make that claim? Down to the quantum level? Will even the singularity produce that kind of computing power in the near future? Even then, are the things in the simulation qualitatively the same as the things in our world?" Americans do hate WalMart. But they still shop there. "...but it also doesn't force you to adopt a paradigm. This flexibility is C++'s greatest strength, as well as its greatest weakness." Lisp is mult-paradigm also. I think the difference is that Lisp has a philosophy. The paradigms fit together in a consistent way. For example, Common Lisp has an object system, CLOS. But they implemented it around generic functions, in order to keep the functional programming nature of Lisp intact. Lisp will let you do pretty much anything. But it often gives you a "nudge" in a particular direction. I believe pg points this out in On Lisp; you can write procedural code in Lisp, for example, but the code flows a lot better if you write in a functional style. C++ just seems like a kitchen sink language. Everything is in there somewhere. But it doesn't seem like the parts were designed to fit together in any particular way. Once I completed an essay assignment for a college Shakespeare class, filling in everything I knew the teacher wanted me to say. At the end however, I wrote something like "However, I don't actually believe what I wrote above." When I got the marked essay back, there were lots of positive comments in the margins, until the last paragraph. There the comment was, "Jim, I think we should discuss this." I got an A in that class. I think there was a study that showed that Ivies, MIT, Stanford, etc. are really good at finding and admitting very talented, driven people. However, that same study found that equally talented, driven people who chose to attend a less prestigious school did just as well in their careers as the people who went to the big name schools. So there probably is a correlation between "I went to Harvard." and "I will be successful." But not necessarily causation. http://www.paulgraham.com/icad.html Scroll down to Appendix: Power. The Perl solution is close to the Lisp solution in terms of brevity. The solution in other languages tend to be longer or the problem can't be solved at all. Choice quote: "In the rivalry between Perl and Python, the claim of the Python hackers seems to be that that Python is a more elegant alternative to Perl, but what this case shows is that power is the ultimate elegance: the Perl program is simpler (has fewer elements), even if the syntax is a bit uglier." Interesting conclusion. He seems to be arguing that Microsoft was brought to heel by the marketplace, and that the court proceedings against it were redundant and counter productive. And now the same is true for Apple. You can't beat them with lawsuits, only by making better products. I'm not so sure, though, that the lawsuits MSFT faced had no effect on the marketplace outcomes we're now seeing. Would PC vendors be so quick to put Linux on PCs if MSFT wasn't being monitored by the US DOJ and probed non-stop by the EU? But of course: "The record of the Vice Fund has not been without blemishes. Its founder, Richard A. Sapio, and two other executives at the fund's advisory firm, Mutuals.com, were accused in 2003 of securities-related fraud and in 2004 of conspiracy to commit securities fraud, wire fraud and mail fraud." Maybe the kind of thing you should think about before investing in something proudly calling itself "The Vice Fund". upmodded you, but they're called MacBooks now. Aquamacs is a pretty good crutch if you want to wean yourself off of standard keyboard shortcuts slowly. Basically, 'Cmd' + key does the Emacs thing most closely corresponding to the usual thing a Mac program would do. Cmd-O for Open, Cmd-X to cut, etc. This works because the main Emacs key combinations use Ctrl, of course. There's several questions in there related to probability. I think that's pretty important to a lot of what Google does. Maybe the most important part of the article for would be straight, single, male ycombinators is this: "I mentioned by way of contrast that I am in the "software business." Now, I love what I do for a living, but really, generally speaking, the occupation does not bring me into contact with a lot of attractive and available young women. It is nothing like, say, being a photographer, a marketing or media exec, a fashion designer, a yoga instructor or a lifeguard. There are probably a hundred other such occupations. Better than all of them must be, "straight male ballet dancer" or running a dance company." Maybe you should all be starting your own dance company instead of a software start up? All made possible by 6000 packages of ramen noodles provided by pg: "And Paul Graham gives them another 6000 boxes of instant noodles to eat, so they stay in business another three years perfecting things." "While CPUs are getting faster and RAM is growing like crazy, bandwidth is not growing..." ...in the U.S. "Unless maybe you've done lots of SWT/Swing programming, then you will at least have a general understanding on how to layout stuff graphically and use event listeners." Now I DEFINITELY don't want to use GWT. "All you have to do is convince users to download your C++ app that DOES contain a Ruby interpreter and runs in the background..." Good luck with that. "Hey, if it gets them laid..." Good luck with that. I like this quote: "To this day, most philosophers suffer from Plato's disease: the assumption that reality fundamentally consists of abstract essences best described by words or geometry. (In truth, reality is largely a probabilistic affair best described by statistics.)" "...the Economist is probably the best (IMHO) news source out there..." I'm also always impressed by how evenly they cover the globe. There are sections for Europe, Asia, Africa, the Americas, etc. of roughly equal weight. And features often cover the economic impact of an event around the world, not just a specific country or region. A great way to get a feel for what's really happening outside your little part of the planet. "Having paid the fine, the parents no longer felt as bad about being late." It became paid babysitting. "My posts are too long." In this case, no. "Or that this reality is a computer simulation and we wake up in a bigger computer simulation where we get bored sometimes and choose to spend lifetimes during interesting periods of time." "Either of these are much more likely than the eternal afterlife of a theistic god..." What's the difference between these two? ""We think the future is going to be software plus services," Darren Strange, senior product manager for Microsoft Office, said. "There are some things which thick client [Microsoft's favoured model, where PCs are linked to a central server but can operate independently] is better at than [web-based services] X offline use being a big one." The need for off-line access to data is shrinking every day. Many people simply can't do their job without a network connection. "You also can't create the richness of an application like Word through a thin client [where a user's PC is effectively a dumb terminal and the processing of data is done elsewhere]". Why not? Maybe not today, but next year, five years from now? Items get checked off the "can't do that in a browser" list every day. "Our smartest people are looking at mash-ups [where several online tools are fused together to create new ones] and web 2.0-type applications [which focus on online tools that allow users to collaborate and share information]". They're just LOOKING INTO mash-ups and Web 2.0 applications now? Isn't the industry looking for a Web 3.0 model already? Have you ever seem most managers give a presentation? Enough said I think. :-) "If the idea is "lets make a better search engine that uses a unique ranking system based on links to estimate the popularity of any given page" then I'd say the idea is worth something." Not without a working implementation, no. "The probable difference between ConnectU and Facebook? Facebook spammed all of Harvard to get its initial traction, ConnectU didn't." Right. Execution. I like this idea: "This could take the form of reserving a modest number of places in the freshman class -- say 5 percent to 10 percent -- for applicants who, having met a high academic threshold, would be selected at random. While the admissions office would know the identities of the students admitted by lottery, no one else -- not faculty, not employers and not the students themselves -- would." I agree with the author that it would be a good way to assess if the more involved admissions process selected higher quality students. "Us high-end types will be as vulnerable as assembly-line workers." I think this is the most insightful statement in the article. I keep hearing "yes, but the high end tasks will remain here" from every proponent of overseas outsourcing. Why? Indian people and Chinese people and I'm sure people from lots of other countries are just as smart as us and often highly educated. There is absolutely no reason they can't do so called "high end tasks" as well as we can. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2uIJqqOlQw I'm not sure that racism is worthy of deep contemplation. "And as biased and prejudiced as this may sound, I've found that workers from India and China often have "shake-and-bake" qualifications...." I suspect that's due to the rapid growth of the software development industry there. Allegedly similar things happened during the dot boom here in the 90s, when there was so much demand for software that many unqualified and under-qualified people were hired. On the other hand, there was a Wall Street Journal article recently (much discussed here, I think) about how the best developers in India can command salaries closer to their Silicon Valley counterparts than the typical Indian IT salary. Perhaps "you get what you pay for" applies? "someone who apparently has a Masters in IT yet doesn't understand that "var1 = textfiedl1 + textfield2" is NOT something I want to see in proper VB.Net code?" I suspect you can find similar code from American developers. The only difference is that over here a lot of the less dedicated programmers have left the field and so now we have their Indian counterparts doing the same low quality work for less money. "Nevermind that I swear I heard him utter "wow, that's genius" when I cobbled together a session-based auth script.... ugh." If the article's portrayal of "Honey" is indicative, he may have been just trying to stroke your ego. :) "Real-world experience is more important than qualifications." No argument there. Best quote: ""Lead" is ... the present-tense verb meaning "not doing any coding"" I suspect the use of italics indicate sarcasm. "If SQL was so great, why in the heck there is so many ORM frameworks out there?" Uh, isn't that an argument FOR the popularity of relational DBs? There would be no need for ORM tools if there weren't lots of R databases that programmers need to interface with. To turn your rhetorical question around "Why haven't OO databases become popular if that's what so many people really need?" "How about actually having the database start evolving just like programing languages have?" What's stopping you from solving this problem? Sounds like a great entrepreneurial opportunity. Maybe you could submit a YC application. I think Ellison and the Oracle guys consulted for years in order to eat while working on their relational technology until they thought they were close enough to go for it and drop the consulting and bet everything on the database as a product. Maybe you could take a similar approach?