Hi Hates. TL;DR: I'm sorry for your situation. Offshoring will fail. Find another job. Here's my experience, some bullet points, followed by my advice: Our bean counters have tried to offload our work overseas. Maybe 5 or 6 times now. It never works. Here are my disjointed observations: #1 The motivation to offshore is to reduce costs. Company grows by cutting costs? Companies grow thru investment. My product is in an emerging market. What moron tries to cut costs during a turf war in a green field? #2 Most projects fail. Offshoring just reduces the cost of failure. #3 Most companies wouldn't send their work down the block (e.g. outsource to another company). Too many problems. Losing a core competency. Accountabilty, transparency, responsiveness, etc. Then how does sending it across an ocean make it all better? #4 Offshoring will roughly triple your work (as a dev). Teach your replacements, manage your replacements, QA/test the crap they create, give up when you've run out of time, and end up doing a last minute rewrite. #5 Want to know what working with offshore people is like? First, take your experiences herding project managers, business analysts, QA, testers, etc. All those "value add" corporate drones. Next, add language barriers, culture mismatch, timezone skew, complete lack of accountability and transparency, zero domain expertise, and very green developers. That's what working with offshore "teams" is like. #6 It's about the people. I'd outsource again if I was working with the best. I once sent a lot of our work to Europe (Belgium, Germany, Spain, France) because we found the best people to do some very specific work. The people we found were rockstars. Offloading specific tasks, plus all of the infrastructure and processes we had in place, was like a force multiplier for my team; it freed us up to work on other stuff. It was awesome. #7 Time to market is more important than cost. I simply cannot imagine a scenario where contracting / outsourcing / offshoring will shorten a project's schedule. (With the exception of #6.) #8 All the methodology stuff is mumbo jumbo. Agile, Scrum, SEI Level 5, ISO 9001, blah, blah, blah. Everyone we've worked with is well versed in all this crap. Doesn't count for squat. There's a difference between saying and doing. I'm sure you've interviewed lots of people. The candidates with resumes sporting all the vogue certifications are always a disappointment. They allegedly passed a test. But we give programming tests and they usually chowder. Tell me what you've done. Not what you know. Methodology is moot if you don't ship a useful, usable product. #9 During the last 5 years, our bean counters have tried to use Indians and Vietnamese. No expense was spared on training, sending people back and forth, etc. The people we got to meet were absolutely wonderful. I can't say enough how proud I am that our overseas peers are working in the field and trying to get ahead in life. Okay, done with the accolades. Pretend for a moment that offshoring to India is workable. In our experience, the turnover is incredible. At one time, the programmers we trained would last maybe 9 months, and then zing, they'd be off to higher paid job. So then you start over again with fresh meat, which is a reset (e.g. the forming, storming, norming, performing cycle). The Vietnamese people were super duper nice, and tried really really hard. But the language barrier proved insurmountable. I think there's probably some cultural stuff at play too, but we never really got past the most basic programming tasks, so I honestly couldn't say. #10 Our product (was once) in a new market. Emerging. And still changing rapidly. All these offshore "bodyshops" want requirements and specifications. Um, yea. Not possible. We're making it up as we go along. The customer doesn't know what they want until they see something. (Typical of an emerging market.) If you've ever written documentation (reqs, use cases, UML, specs, test plans, etc.) you know that it's just as hard and takes just as long as programming. In fact, it harder. Because you're explaining stuff to a green programmer who has no domain expertise. Frankly, at that level of details, it's just quicker and easier to write the code. #11 When (not if) the offshoring fails, you'll be blamed. You didn't try hard enough. Or you sabotaged the project. As though Tinkerbell really will fly, if you'd all just clap loud enough. ### Okay, I think that's my list. Like I said at the top, we've tried this offshoring thing multiple times. I'm absolutely certain it'll continue. Those of us actually doing the work have tried to argue, deflect, stop, etc. We always lose the debate. Now we're just numb and don't say anything. The bean counters are not like you and me. They go nuts when they see 1/5th the labor costs. That's the only number they care about. To them, we're all just interchangeable. They have exactly no idea what we do or how we work. Programming! Geesh! How hard could it be? And for these costs, I can get 5 times the number of programmers! We'll have 5 times more product! I've been around a lot of professions. Programming is a weird thing. We're dismissed and second guessed all the time. What other profession is this poorly regarded? People don't second guess their architects, plumber, doctor, contract manager, mechanic, geologist, etc. (Or maybe they do...) Okay. Rant over. Here's my advice. Find another job. Something that'll make you happy. I'm at a point in my life that I like having a steady job, health insurance, and accrued vacation time. And I'm not busting my ass working 80 hours a week making someone else rich again for a while. So I just smile, keep my head down, and quietly pick up the pieces after each failure. Such a life. If Thomas Friedman told me the sun rises in the East, I'd look to verify. If linking to a columnist, vs a news article, please include their name in the link. David Brooks enthusiastically supported Bush's Folly in Iraq. No mea culpa. For that alone, I won't support his efforts with my (reading) attention. I used to watch his tete a tete with Mark Shields on PBS. I can't imagine anyone being more consistently wrong (and wrong headed) about more things than David Brooks. And that's saying something. The list of always wrong about everything is pretty big: George Will, Charles Krauthammer, both Kristols, Thomas Friedman, Ted Nugent (haha), etc. Neocon concern trolls who aided and abetted the looting and destruction of our country deserve our mocking, not our links. Sorry, I don't read Andrew Sullivan. Supported invasion of Iraq, no mea culpa, wrong about pretty much everything else too. Nice. Support for unrepentant warmongers remains strong in geekdom. Losers. For what's its worth, I didn't read your criticism as a personal attack. More of an exhortation for bingo card guy to achieve his fullest potential. The mistake, as in navel gazing, is thinking that any one cares what you think of another person's life choices. Especially the object of your attention. Bingo card guy seems happy (enough) to me. Perhaps a better approach would have been to initiate a dialog, gently asking him for his input on some of your big sky ideas, subtly encouraging him to raise his aim. In the process, you'd maybe make a friend, and probably learn why he's made the choices he has. I know nothing about bingo card man, but imagine he's the primary care giver for a child or relative. Given a situation like that, I'd say he's a fucking genius for making some side money for comparatively little effort. In summation, chill dude. You spouted off. Wasn't personal. The haters will always be hating. So fuck 'em. How quaint. You're curiously naive, or willfully ignorant, of how the USA's system of political patronage works. Since when is right and wrong a factor in decision making? As for revolving door promotions (e.g. civil server to lobbying and back again), you seem blissfully unaware, or myopic, of the notion "conflict of interest". Before I let you go, tell me: What flavor of candy covered unicorns inhabit your fantasy world? Please. Continue. Huh? I'm pretty sure ad hominem doesn't mean what you think it means. And I'm quite certain that his listing of funders could be easily verified. So unless you have information to the contrary, I'd characterize that list as "fact based" vs "misleading". > Sounds more like the Federalist Society to me... Bingo. You're kidding, right? You asked for feedback, so here it is. Have you worked on any political campaigns? Candidates, issues, activism, anything? I have. Your NationBuilder is not yet a full product. Pitch your product to local campaign managers. That's the fastest way for you to get your course correction. Campaigns do need better tools. So I encourage you to keep at it. (If you're wondering why I just don't tell you what you need, I'm working on a business plan for something very similar. Also, I'd rather you earned the domain knowledge firsthand.) > About the issue of a "true capitalist," yes I am a libertarian at heart. And I do believe that people respond to incentives. Libertarian, maximum personal liberty. If you were a libertarian, you wouldn't care about the cheating. Let the little bastards screw themselves. Libertarian doctrine (such as it is) says nothing about incentives. Getting worked up about the cheating, you assume society (or at least your class room) should be merit-based. Pretty much the opposite of libertarianism. A clever teacher would figure out a way for students to police each other. I've seen it work to great effect. No one grades harder than a peer. Edit: I was being a dick, comment about whining removed. I need to apologise. I just RTFA. I really like your "future" section, the public projects, the peer reviews, the competitions. Exactly right. You are several steps ahead of me. My work dev laptop is bitchin fast, but runs slower than my 3 yr old personal. Because of useless software (cya-ware) installed by corporate IT. Useless anti-virus crap (ever hear of sudo?), ridiculous hard drive encryption, remote monitoring/management stuff. Just working in Eclipse, I often wait every single keystroke. Yes, Eclipse is mostly a pig, and I've disabled/closed everything I could. But I have zero hassles working on my personal laptop, even when I have video (or audio) running too. I've seen Penn & Teller live. Fucking great. Really amazing. I was a huge fan. Even bought their first book. Then they came out as anthropocentric climate change deniers. Plus, their cable show "Bullshit" was little more than Leno's Jaywalking, only meaner. So I had to flip the bozo bit on them. Meaning I've lumped them in with the neocons, creationists, libertarians, homophobes, 9/11 truthers, and other antisocial fruitcakes. Aside: I saw a geek news bit about you withdrawing (removing) your post and the heat you're getting. Dude, I'm so sorry. For future, I have two bits of advice. #1 Don't bury the lead. Like myself, the geek news bit also didn't get the point of your post. #2 Focus on the positive. Meaning that all negatives can be stated as a positive. So, were I to have written your blog post, I would have lead with your "future" section (peer reviews, competitions, contemporary projects), enthused about all the positives, and underplayed (or flat out omitted) the back story, the bullshit plagiarism software, the complicity of the administration (shocker!), the cheating students, etc. I definitely would not have responded directly to any personal criticism, especially not in public. That's always a trap. In conclusion, I think you did the right thing, are on the right track, and got burned by being the internet's chew toy of the moment. Lesson learned, move on. The intent is to make sure you're reading, not to insult. Asking for a silly rider to be removed is probably sufficient proof too. Love it. Both the analysis and "get involved" concluding advice. When money is considered free speech, gross inequity is the same as disenfranchisement of all but the richest. Another word for gross inequity is plutocracy. Bioinformatic workloads, huh? Sounds important. I don't believe you. If it was major number crunching, you'd batch that crap on the fastest servers you could afford. If it's interactive, the computer is waiting on you more than doing work. Just admit it: you're a technophile that likes to fiddle with all the knobs. Fine. Whatever floats your boat. But don't play stupid about the OP's article. HP, Dell, Lenovo, etc. have TERRIBLE marketing communications supported by TERRIBLE product family line ups. The OP's point (hello!) is Apple's simplified product family allows them to achieve better economies of scale then their competitors. Very simple. > An advantage of electronic voting is that the machines can be designed for use by the blind. Could be, but aren't. If you'd ever tried the 'accessibility' features of a touchscreen voting machine, you'd see the UX fail firsthand. (I've worked as a poll inspector.) There were other truly accessible solutions. The VotePad for instance. Low-tech plastic wrapper for existing ballots. Preserving both the secret ballot and public vote count. Alas, the inexpensive VotePad couldn't complete with the well financed crony capitalism juggernaut which brought us HAVA. I like the "vapor" poster. I wish I had thought of "voter verified vapor audit trail" back when I was fighting against these touchscreens. The short answer is all the election administration gear is rushed to market. The HAVA boondoogle created a gold fever land grab mentality. The products are shit. Not just insecure, but just complete garbage. Not to downplay the security concerns, but the poor reliability is a bigger threat. Especially since these systems fail silently and "testing" was a puppet show. The longer answer is that all voting gear I've seen (in the USA) treat security as an afterthought. Gear in use typically get "tamper evident" seals. But they're really lame (e.g. fall off) or the gear can be backdoored. I'm just talking the hardware here. The software situation is totally, scales of magnitude, worse. > it's so obvious that most people want the exact opposite? Ah yes, the fabled "free market". Subsidize sprawl with money looted from urban areas. People move the burbs. Claim it's demand driven. What impresses me is that people increasingly choose urban despite the sprawl tax. > but folks living in suburbs don't stop folks who like density from having it. Yes. They do. That giant sucking sound you hear are the burbs bleeding the urban tax base dry. Further, in my area, the burb leaders cock block anything that smells like it might help the urbans. My city would be sparkling and new if we didn't have to subsidize the standard of living of all the deadbeats in the burbs. Hi Ryan. Yup. Making a generalized statement about a widespread, general phenomenon: Urban centers subsidize everyone else, suburbs are freeloaders. This is really basic, uncontroversial information. Example county level: http://www.thestranger.com/seattle/welfare-state/Content?oid... State level: http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0923084.html Same thing happens at the local level. By deadbeats, I mean people too damned selfish to carry their own weight. You think because suburbanites pay some taxes, they're paying their own way? Suburbs would depopulate if we urbanites withheld our largess. > I can name ten(s) of cities in the United States that absolutely die the moment 5-6pm strike, but were couriered money in by suburbanites during the day and would have zero infrastructure otherwise. Citation please. (This should be interesting.) Digging down to the source material, the Strong Towns group does address Government Transfer Payments, explaining that all suburbs are subsidized. But they avoid offending anyone by pointing out that the suburbs were financed by the urban areas. In my experience, suburban dwellers don't like learning that they're parasites. Haha. Oops! How'd that happen...? Citation please. This should be fun. Unibody minor? Please. I'm on my 3rd MBP. I destroyed my 4 yr old model (last before unibody). The latest is model is wicked tough. I also have recent Dell and HP laptops. Pieces of shit. No comparison. substractive vs additive. As far as I know, there's no 3D printing technology nearly as strong as aluminum. Yet. My laptops go EVERYWHERE with me. I really beat the shit of out them. Despite the case and padded backpack. The right side sagged from where my wrist rests, a problem eliminated by the unibody. I put my thumb through the LCD, replaced it, and not being very handy, the case lost its factory fresh fit and finish. I'd appreciate named prefixes for these news/links, eg. "David Brooks: The Wrong Inequality". Thank you for prefixing your post with the pundit's name. > healthcare could be a lot less expensive, but since much of that expense comes from govt involvement Citation please. (In other words, you're wrong. And you know it.) Came here to say this. Thanks. I love Asepsis. Those .DS_store files really bug me. Because I have to show hidden files to see Eclipse's .project and .classpath files, that means I also have to see the zillion .DS_store files. Stupid, stupid file name choices by Eclipse. (Period prefixes are default hidden on Unix, for all you Windows users.) PS- TotalFinder is great too. Big improvement. PPS- Tried TotalTerminal for a while. It's okay. iTerm2 is enough better that I switched. Those are opinions, not citations. I'm surprised you didn't mention "tort reform" too, another one of the debunked talking points. If government is so bad, why does Medicare/Medicaid help more people at less cost than private insurance? I feel like I was just rick rolled. Please prefix the pundit's name to these links. As for this particular pundit, he lost me at "invade Iraq". After claiming the earth is flat, you'd think people would have learned to ignore this asshat. "Me too" reply concurring with your business analysis. Politely, respectfully disagree with recommendation for OpenVista. Of all the tech stacks I've worked with, only InterSystem's Cache (also popular for healthcare IT) is worse. Open government. Being very political and very active, during my personal time, I'm working on tools that I need to be more effective. Sunlight Foundation's stuff is a fair start. There are some other initiatives. The day job is just for healthcare and rent. It's a huge distraction. About the fabled RDF... I've attended some Apple keynotes. My first one, I was expecting to be mesmerized. Alas, Jobs was ok. Nailed the demo, said what he was going to say, nothing more, and then left the stage. A real pro. Grade 'A', but not life changing. I've seen RDF. Ever watch a charismatic evangelic Christian minister in action? A motivational speaker? A politician with the gift on the stump? Reading the early stories of RDF, I have the impression the RDF (charm, seduction) referred to a one-on-one phenomenon. As for public appearances, what distinguished Jobs from his peers is execution. Sorry fellas, but most of us geeks are introverts and shouldn't be giving demos. And sales pukes who make pitches are too often clearly full of crap. Further, most tech pitches that I've seen required why too much suspension of disbelief. Jobs @ Apple always had a clear vision he was selling. I didn't always buy in (too bad for me). But it was never like he was pulling a con. > but boy do they make my ears feel hot after a while I love the sound of over the ear headphones. Also, I get way too hot. (I also swap shoes for sandals, Mr Rogers style, once I get to work. Can't program with hot feet.) I alternate between Sony and Shure SE 215 earbuds when I need to work heads down. The Shure's are really effective. > Very often I had nothing to say, because how do you tell a team of co-workers that everything they're saying is wrong? Yup. I (think I) have four buckets: 1) Awesome! I'm stealing it! 2) Worse than wrong (h/t Murray Gell-Mann) aka not good enough to criticize. 3) Hmmm, worth chewing over. 4) I have absolutely no idea (please talk more). I'm more like Jason F, where I felt I had a moral obligation to fix things, and have had to learn to keep my mouth shut. The most insightful advice I ever got was "Sometimes you just have to let people fail. It's quicker than opposing them." Now I try to save my breathe for people who are worth my time and effort (investment). Please prefix the pundit neocon's name to these types of submissions. Linking on Thomas "Flat Earth" Friedman is the political equivalent of linking to goatse. Please prefix the pundit neocon's name to these types of submissions. Linking to David "Bobos" Brooks is the political equivalent of linking to goatse. Not to pass judgement, but if Brooks ever manages to tap out anything less than utterly wrong and contemptible, I'm quite certain someone else said it first, only better. Not groking TDD, I literally worked my way thru the book, doing each and every step, just to get the gist of the experience. TDD works fucking great. If you know what you're doing. Alas, that's a big IF. Most of the stuff I do, I'm just figuring shit out. Mostly, like when designing a new library, I work outside-in. I imagine how I'd want to do something, writing the client pseudocodeish stuff first, and then trying to make the implementation support my idealized programming mental model. I end up throwing away A LOT of code. Getting something short and sweet takes a lot of experimentation, most of which are duds. Though my personal approach of outside-in is trivially like TDD, it's not nearly as rigorous. Were I to be as thorough as TDD, I'd be spending all my time writing tests. Which seems pointless, for code I'm like just going to throw away. Anyway. Much respect for the guy who wrote that first TDD book. It's one of the few methodological strategies that works as advertised. Unrepentant war monger. If you really want to get worked up, watch one of his tete a tetes with Mark Shields on PBS (if they're still doing that). I'm surprised Brooks has the brain power to breathe. Anyway. Is it really too much to ask submitters to prefix their links with the celebrity neocons name? Cringely's not a fanboy. He's the quirky camp follower that spins a good yarn. Or a Zelig. Seriously, who does he not know? I love reading his stuff. Crazy ideas. Crazy insights, like that BBC TV connections guy. Always fun. Early PC Mag, Dvorak had a great column. Geeky insight, pretty good BS detector. Now he's just a crank with a libertarian vibe. Haven't read him in years. I actually met him once, early web days. Great guy. Learned he was a serious amateur civil war historian. Liking Dvorak (the guy) as much as I do, I stuck with him for a long time, hoping he'd get back to having fun. Oh well.