I wrote a paper on what we thought was the optimal strategy for the beer game. My team won a beer game session run at the system dynamics society conference about 10 years ago. 1. Push all the inventory to the end of the supply chain (the retailer). 2. Run the inside of the supply chain on a "pass-through" strategy - order exactly what is known to be coming down the supply chain on that turn. 3. Use a control algorithm based on the outflows from the retailer to control production at the factory (the factory player has to watch the retailer's inventory closely). The best parameters for the control system depend on the exact demand deck. I can only speak to HFT. For dev roles, Python experts (emphasis on expert) and experts in modern C++ have the easiest time. C experts and systems programmers with assembly expertise can also find a job, but the market is smaller for them (although higher-paying). OS-level and systems programming are valuable. Understanding computer architecture is important, and computer systems as well. Credentials are an important filtering mechanism for them, so if you didn't go to a top 10 school, your resume needs to make up for it (or you need to be a very experienced hire). Working at a FAANG company or a bank doesn't necessarily make up for not going to a top school. Successful devs at HFTs usually have a ~50-hour workweek or are very efficient programmers. Nobody intentionally includes security vulnerabilities in a product. This is something that Doordash knows they are doing and have decided to do, not something they are doing accidentally. Even taking a negligent security posture is not the same as intentionally including a flaw. Remember that many US states are the size of European countries. This is the same deal that many countries in Europe have: subsidized tuition for residents. Also, a lot of state systems have good schools: UC Berkeley, UMass Amherst, UIUC, UT Austin, and UW Madison come to mind. I'm also in NYC. If AirBnB went under, the real estate market here would be in deep trouble. Virtually all drugs come out of an NIH-funded lab, but so do a huge number of other drugs and therapies that don't work. The vast majority of things that come out of research labs have no hope at making it past a phase 1 trial. The drug companies do a lot of R&D to validate the ideas of drug discovery teams and to test for side effects. They spend incredible amounts of money on this, much more than the labs that initially proposed the drug. The soft core approach has many advantages, but FPGA companies have dropped the ball on single-unit (hobbyist) sales. Chips that cost $1000 from a distributor cost 1/10th to 1/100th the price when you have a relationship with the manufacturer, mostly because distributors can't sell them very quickly and have to keep a ton of stock to have the SKUs you want. On a modern FPGA, processor clocks of 200-300 MHz are possible to get with designs that aren't huge. C2H is terrible for the employee and you should know that, as a professional headhunter. Negotiating your salary upfront is likely going to give you the best deal you can get. Don't kid yourself into thinking that you can "show your value" to improve your negotiating position. Your first few months on the job are usually when you are at your lowest performance, since you are learning the company's processes. That is your trial period. You are in your best negotiating position when the company needs you more than you need them, and that is absolutely NOT after doing contract work for them for a while. Once you're at the point of converting, if you get a lowball offer, the contract position is a black mark on your resume that hurts your negotiating position with other firms. That said, I would be happy to do C2H if the following conditions were met: * Signing bonus paid in full at point of signing the contract, with no clawback. * Full health coverage during the contract portion (extra money plus the option to buy from their plans). * Severance pay at full salary for at least 6 months if you choose not to convert. * Non-exclusivity during the contract period (I can do other work if I want, and you don't own any IP I produce other than what I produce explicitly for you). I think this is sufficient to equalize the negotiating disadvantage that I get for taking the contract. I don't think any of your clients would go for it. I think the word 'learnings' comes to software companies from India. A company I worked at didn't use the word until an Indian senior manager came on, and then everyone started talking about 'learnings.' Conversely, I have heard it used in conversational English between people from India. There are plenty of other English words that work in context where you might use 'learning', like 'lesson', 'insight', or 'takeaway'. 'Learning' just encapsulates them all without nuance. Higher speeds mean less time wasted in cars, so presumably more time to work Twitter allowed the NY Times to post about Trump's tax returns after they were leaked by an IRS employee: https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/1310474354967359489 The official policy appears to be flexible when the leaked supports Twitter's political opinions. Many of the immigration restrictions in america started around the time the first welfare programs were introduced. Before that, it was a bit of a free for all. I don't know if the same pattern holds anywhere else, but I'm suspicious that might not be a coincidence. Intel had some heat problems when they tried this. The FPGAs weren't able to use their heat budget dynamically, and as a result, the whole SiP had bad performance. Altera Stratix V FPGAs actually had more market share than Virtex 7s. They were better chips. That said, the production delays around Arria 10 and Stratix 10 and the time lag caused by the Intel acquisition totally killed their market position. The only reasons to use Intel FPGAs now are (1) 64-bit floating point support or (2) if your Intel salesman gives you a really good deal. Beyond the GCC/LLVM, you also really need a standard library. Nobody is talking about that. Today, if you want a std::map on an FPGA, you have to either pay $100k or build it yourself. That's untenable. It's a mess. School kids really should learn the US constitution, but somehow that doesn't sink in and the pop culture does. People honestly didn't think Alexander Hamilton was an important figure until "Hamilton" came out. Then they rely on media to tell them everything. Usually that's fine when it's straight factual news, but there's been a lot of spin in the news recently. Supposedly, in knowledge work like programming, the distribution follows a pareto distribution: for n people, sqrt(n) produce half the productive output. I used to play the harpsichord, whose keys are about 3-5 mm narrower than piano keys. I have huge hands with big fingers, so it was a challenge at first, but after a week it felt normal. I doubt that smaller piano keys will be much different. The baroque harpsichord literature is riddled with 12ths and fast 10ths for this reason. The keys are smaller than piano keys, so it isn't be a problem to hit them. Most of the time, jumps like that are done by touch. You often need to look at something else like the music, the other hand, or the conductor. Serious question: Who suffers at the hands of Mastercard? These are all really good points, but there's some nuance missing in this view. There is actually a fairly narrow slice of the financial world that you don't like, specifically central banking and fiat currency. Currently, crypto traders are busy learning that all the rest of the financial world, including things like credit and financial derivatives (encapsulated in smart contracts), can still apply to cryptocurrencies. Things like consumer credit and fractional reserve banking will show up in crypto soon (if they haven't already). It's just a matter of trusted entities offering specific smart contracts. The one thing I really dislike about most crypto is the traceability: unless you use privacy coins (which themselves have dubious security claims), every transaction is 100% traceable. Honestly, I think the only real solution is to sue these accusers for defamation. If there's actual evidence that you are racist, then you can just take your lumps and don't respond to them. However, if you want to accuse someone of racism, you better have evidence of you're going to pay. Zen 2 has has 8-wide issue in many places, and Ice Lake moves up to 6-wide. Intel/AMD have had 4-wide decode and issue width for 10 years and I'm glad they're moving to wider machines. Edited "decode" to "issue" for clarity. AMD CPUs are very hard to fully utilize with a single thread, and Intel has always held the single-thread perf crown. Most high-performance use cases are multi-threaded now, so the single-threaded performance delta isn't that significant. The Apple chip is really built for running a snappy GUI: in most of those cases, you need to run ~1M instructions super fast on one thread for a short time. Intel has historically had the crown on this metric, but not any more with all of their problems. The Intel ISA has some very powerful instructions that allow it to keep performance up, but unfortunately decoding n x86 instructions involves doing a number of things that are O(n) in latency and O(n^2) in chip area/power - both instruction boundary detection and micro-op scheduling (since instructions can emit more than one uop) are included here. This isn't too bad when n is 4, but it has stressed both AMD and Intel's capabilities to make it to 8, and I don't think anyone would ever seriously consider building a 16-wide x86 machine. Once memory and I/O buses get fast enough to feed a 16-wide general-purpose computer, x86 as an architecture is in trouble. They have quietly gotten fast enough to feed an 8-wide machine. LPDDR4 very quietly took the speed crown from DDR4 due to the fact that the signal integrity problems are less demanding (soldered vs DIMM being the standard interface), and it looks like the DDR interface may be near the end of its useful life. Transceiver-based memory modules using standards like CXL and CCIX may be the long-term fix to the problems of DDR4. In the short-term, those are going to hurt, but long-term they should be a lot better. https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/amd/microarchitectures/zen_2 The actual instruction decoder is 4-wide. However, the micro-op cache has 8-wide issue, and the dispatch unit can issue 6 instructions per cycle (and can retire 8 per cycle to avoid ever being retire-bound). In practice, Zen 2 generally acts like a 6-wide machine. Oh, on this terminology: x86 instructions are 1-15 bytes wide (averaging around 3-4 bytes in most code). n-wide decode refers to decoding n instructions at a time. I have usually heard the top-line number as the issue width, not the decode width (so Zen 2 is a 6-wide issue machine). Most instructions run in loops, so the uop cache actually gives you full benefit on most instructions. On the Apple chip: I believe the entire M1 decode path is 8-wide, including the dispatch unit, to get the performance it gets. ARM instructions are 4 bytes wide, and don't generally need the same type of micro-op splitting that x86 instructions need, so the frontend on the M1 is probably significantly simpler than the Zen 2 frontend. Some of the more complex ops may have separate micro-ops, but I don't think they publish that. One thing to note is that ARM cores often do op fusion (x86 cores also do op fusion), but with a fixed issue width, there are very places where this would move the needle. The textbook example is fusing DIV and MOD into one two-input, two-output instruction (the x86 DIV instruction computes both, but not the ARM DIV instruction). Switches (L2 devices) recalculate Ethernet CRCs (L2 error detection codes), and routers tend to calculate TCP/UDP checksums (L3 error detection codes) and everything below. I've seen exactly this issue with switches that have bad RAM before, and I assume that they just have a router with bad RAM (and without ECC RAM, which looks embarrassing). The younger generation is always more likely to go to cities. As they get older they move out. And buy cars. IBKR does some of its trading off-exchange like the PFOF types, but they do it in-house, not on a paid-for basis. If you see "SMART" in the routing of an order on IBKR pro, often that order went to one of their darkpools or was filled by them off-exchange (at a price better than the NBBO). The price improvement per share also sometimes comes from exchange rebates that they pass through to customers. You should take a second to read the essay "On Bullshit." What he said there was bullshit, written to cause an outcome, not to tell the truth. These loans have destroyed any chance that a generation of underprivileged students will achieve financial prosperity. If they go away, the federally subsidized loan programs will likely be phased out over ~5 years or so. The private sector will replace them for students who are good bets, probably with income-share agreements or something similar and MUCH less predatory than the current federal loan programs. I would assume that based on the amount of money that is at stake, most software engineers would try to become extremely good negotiators. A 1% improvement in salary for a SWE could easily be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars over 10 years, so it is really silly to not try to understand how to get that money. Defamation lawsuits. Right now, a bunch of people can tweet "John Doe (some public figure) beats his wife" with no verification, and Twitter keeps the tweets up, and doesn't get in trouble when John Doe's life is ruined by the false accusations. What's more, media can then report "John Doe is allegedly a domestic abuser," citing the tweets as evidence that there are allegations that John Doe is a domestic abuser. You see this pattern with pizza gate (some dumb social media posts getting picked up by Republican news), and with Kyle Rittenhouse (dumb, false twitter posts picked up by left-leaning news). In the latter case, the news outlets have been getting sued for defamation because the reporting was damaging and so demonstrably false. Section 230 protection for these platforms erodes all standards of truth for news. I think most people who say they This are advocating for 230 to be rewritten, not misreading it. Personally, I think that individual curation of content should be considered an editorial decision, and not simply moderation. Tightly moderated forums where everyone sees the same posts are fine, but twitter/Facebook with their individualized front pages is not. Generally speaking, regardless of race and sex, upper management types tend to be sociopaths who are actually racist/sexist (see all the scandals about this every time an executive sexually harrasses someone). Embracing the idea of a "diverse workforce" is a great deflection tactic. Here's an alternative form of the "NYT/CNN should be canceled" argument: they should be held to the same standard as a private citizen when they behave poorly. If you write a blog post that doxxes a prominent figure and link to it from Facebook and Twitter, you are going to get banned from those platforms. The NYT can apparently do this with impunity, and calls for canceling other people and organizations who do this. In US law, there is a different standard for libel against "public figures" than against other people. The NYT gets to take advantage of this much looser libel law whenever they write a hit piece because they can argue that anyone who does something "newsworthy" is de-facto a public figure. As far as I have seen, the "cancel NYT" crowd is arguing that the NYT should be held to the standards that it pushes into others and obviously doesn't follow. It surprised me how well cloud providers have managed to sell "availability" and lack of responsibly for site downtime, and how much of a premium they can charge for it. Most people don't need 5 9's (not that any cloud actually provides that level of reliability) or infinite scalability, just a box that's good enough in both dimensions. They have usually gotten woke after becoming multi-billion-dollar companies. Being woke seems to be a luxury available when you have the money to spend on it. Cryptocurrency/blockchain is a valuable concept the way the internet is, but Bitcoin? Bitcoin is a nice proof of concept, but as a currency it has big problems that look like they won't be solved. Pets.com was also a good proof of concept. Except bitcoin isn't anonymous or decentralized at all... Transaction wallet ids are public and Chinese miners control the currency. This has always been a ridiculous argument. Human eyes have a much higher contrast ratio than commercial cameras, and have built-in stereoscopic capabilities with some degree of rangefinding thanks to the fact that they are quickly adjustable. Normal cameras have none of that. If there really have been no crashes with this system on the road, it is a testemant to how safe the average human driver actually is. That doesn't say good things about the future of self-driving cars. That is exactly what they should do, but the fact that a majority of voting shares are held by 2 managers makes the company have a huge conflict of interest that favors growing more and more rather than pulling cash out. I voted "no" on this. I didn't want to see Xilinx spend years working on getting acquired instead of working on new chips (which happened to Altera), and I thought that the acquisition price was too low given the current premium that AMD stock carries. My guess was the latter, given how high AMD's market cap is currently. However, Xilinx/AMD have some common technology requirements around 2.5d integration and 7 nm IP. I was hoping for an FPGA-SoC with some Xeon cores when Intel bought Altera, and now I'm hoping for one with Epyc cores. Intel at one point tried an FPGA-in-package with a server CPU. It turns out that you can't downclock/power gate parts of FPGA designs nearly as easily as you can CPU components, so the whole package had thermal regulation issues. You had to run the CPU at a very conservative frequency in order to let the FPGA use power as it needs to. There are FPGA-SoCs out there that are mostly FPGA, and that seems like the way to go if you want to combine FPGAs and CPUs, otherwise they should probably be on separate power and heat budgets. The move to the Intel foundry cost Altera a lot - I don't know if it was to position themselves to be acquired or if it was for some other strategy, but it was a very expensive decision. Stratix 10 on TSMC may have landed at the same time as Ultrascale+ from Xilinx. Generally, during and after a merger, there is a lot of instability in a company as layoffs in comparable departments get figured out and company infrastructures get merged. I assume that on the software side, you were insulated from this instability since they were going to need to keep developing Quartus (or its replacement) either way and Intel had no equivalent. I was an Altera customer before and during the merger (including after it was announced). It looked from the outside like sales teams and chip design teams had significant amounts of instability. I personally experienced months of delays getting Arria 10s (and associated FAE support) from our sales team immediately after the acquisition. Our new sales team from Intel (figured out 8 months later) was twice the size, had to push CPUs and Intel's software in addition to FPGAs, and was also dealing with the embarrassing situation around Stratix 10 delays. Unions in the EU have very different rules than unions in the US. In particular, American unions can essentially force an employer to become a "closed shop" through a majority vote. Everyone who works there then has to pay union dues and accept a union contract. EU unions involve more worker choice.