Medium skilled men are coders. High skilled men are coders. ... High skilled women are coders. Selection bias. Just wanted to point out the humblebundle for Pathfinder role playing game. Super cheap,get all the materials What about the energy it takes to grow one human? What babble. So much is wrong with that article, I don't know where to begin. The only thing right was the signing away of copyright is bunk. It feels like its almost a fear/adversion to completion. Weird question..Do you tend to fail to shut doors all the way? Sorry. Not impressed. My reaction was based on several reactions 1. I heard more convincing music composed by AI a decade ago. 2. It suffers from the same pointlessness that seems to plague these attempts: Disjointed, monotonous, doesn't go anywhere. 3. The exercise did not place itself in the context of other approaches to AI music compodituon. I apologize for my rudeness and brevity. Unfortunately Opera just wants to sell your web history. To sell your web history themselves. Just to sell All your web history themselves. Wow Cool. It would be cool to pair it with a visualization so I can get a sense of how the sound and the classic Mandelbrot fractal shape correspond...if they do. Just want to say that it is incorrect to say that cognitive scientits dont talk about awareness of mental models, or awareness if mental processes. It is a field callee meta-cognition....and its a really cool field...and the phenomena are measureable. Cool article though. This article is poorly thought out clickbait. Few cognitive scientists think about cognition the way that is being suggested, anf the suggested replacement is next to useless. I study the neuroscience of episodic memory. Episodic memory requires one shot learning critically dependent on the hippocampus which is posited to use operations of pattern separation (to reduce intereference for distinct memories with similar features) and completion ( retrieve whole from partial input of features) to encode and retrieve bound representations, respectively. Prior to the hippocampus are operations that detect feature novelty in the perirhinal cortex. In contrast to these functions is the slow learning of the neocortex which supports semantic memory. Episodic and semantic memory funcions are intertwined in a complex way. Seems to my mind that deep learning is the cortex, and the binding function is the hippocampus. Add some executive control functions to guide learning strategically and it will start sounding eery. require JavaScript? is this real? Interesting derivation, but why not Receiver Operator Characteristics(ROC)? In recognition memory research we often collect confidence ratings on a 6-point scale for yes/no decisions, for example, and plot ROC curves, and calculate d' discrimination scores. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Receiver_operating_character... Or am I missing something. This is the field of meta-cognition in cognitive psychology I disagree about the songs creep and smells like teen spirit being generic. These were exceptionallu crafted pop songs that expressed heart wrenching emotion. Nothing like the typical pop song at all. BASIC INCOME Being poor is hard. There is no flexibility to be nimble around hardships or mistakes. Its easy to make money if you have money. But try to start a business with no backup funds.or credit line? The first time your vehicle breaks down can put your business in a death cycle. You can't disprove a null, just fail to reject the null. Failing to find the Higgs would not have provided evidence that the Higgs did not exist. As someone who is trying to educate himself on concepts in machine learning, I appreciated the 101 overview on gradient descent optimizations. I love how most of the approaches to these optimizations are relatively straightforward, conceptually, to understand, even if their implementations and rigorous proofs will require more work to get through. The ability to destroy outpaces the ability to create and preserve. Destruction is inevitable. When the ability of the rogue group or individual can slaughter millions, pervasive monitoring may be the only path avoiding extinction, without giving up on technological advancement. These are two hypotheses,despite my strong libertarian leanings, that I find difficult to reject. Mass surveillance hasnot been effective yet . yeah, but what about compress, encrypt, compress, encrypt .. compress? :) I dont see any other article on the internets discussing these results In a large part these credit card services offer little innovation, but a whole lot of rentier profiteering. It seems to me maybe time that credit and bank cards become regulated as a public utility. Swipe fees over a nickel are probably exorbitant these days. What a crap article. Moving essay. I've been getting this error from CSV I created in Ubuntu. Glad to have learned what this was about. Firefox has a great feature where after typing a query a menu of search engines appears immediately below. Very convenient and allows me to mix up my searches across the search engines very nicely and easily. Yahoo got bilked by Mozilla..and probably the best thing Yahoo ever accomplished. All those egg eating dinosaurs really had it coming didn't they? I never understood the argument either, but I am no physicist. Start with the table racked (e.g. order) and break. One can easily discern the direction of time as the table goes from order to disorder. I'm a post-doc still waiting to earn enough to just pay my way. Keeping up with my peers just means manage to keep my apartment. "Paul argues that the right name for what many are calling “Universal Basic Income” should be “the citizen’s dividend.” This concept traces back to ancient Athens, and in America to the writings of Thomas Paine. In Paine’s conception, the dividend was based on shared ownership of natural resources — and this is just what we’ve already seen done in a country like Norway, in Alaska, and in a notable experiment during the 1970s, in a small town in Manitoba." I often describe basic income to my friends here in America as a National Inheritance earned by our forefathers for building a great and rich nation. This is to help people realize that this isn't charity..It the dividends from the stock of being an American. By chance yes. But the frequency of events of order to disorder is less than order to disorder, because ultimately, the universe tends towards entropy. Yes there is risk...but so much investment is made by those that can afford to risk it..that is the risk of losing the investment is not losing your home and car or being thrown to the street. If risk is defined by surplus money alone then yes, investors take risks, but if you define risk as the chance of losing your livelihood and basic needs? Typing on a keyboard entails more risk. When the poor takes an investment risk of $1000 they risk more than some elite putting up $1000. You are arbitrarily limiting the scope of risk to a unit of account without regard to what those units of account do or do not afford one in the world. That is too limited a definition to be useful IRL. In truth my original comment was to point out that the holding money comment was misunderstood to mean keeping money under a pillow when I took it as it takes money to make money, and those that have money risk little in terms of their physical welfare. Until the constitutional right to communicate unintelligibly is declared invalid, encryption will remain constitutional. [snarky comment about opposing political party placed here.] Imagine the singularity and you can see that new jobs will not always pop up. absurdum ah the rentier economy. Sure this is about pacemakers, but cant we say something similar about the rest of our body? So renter forgot to check if the renter had been verified and had a valid credit card on file, blames airbnb for not making it even more obvious than it already is how to check verification of a potential renter. OK. Yes and no. A regular renter is better UNLESS the owner wants to use the property when desired, or as in the present story, or the property will be vacant for a short amount if time. dysonspheres are cool, real cool, but how does the dyson sphere wikipedia page get to the front page of hacker news? isnt a dyson ring good enough? http://extension.psu.edu/natural-resources/wildlife/landscap... Replace lawns with plants and trees found in your local ecosystem. Gives them a home. In the central valley.of California, that means oak trees, and drought tolerant plants.