We should all hope they come up with something that's competitive. Even 80% of the performance for 50% of the price would be good enough. And this is because the last 3-4 Intel CPU generations have been simply not worth upgrading to. If some real competition from AMD shows up, things will change. It would be nice if you linked transcripts where available... Well, there's a reason I only ever buy NVidia video cards, even for AMD CPUs. I'm fine with AMD not being interested in Linux support, I'll just vote with my wallet. The iMac is "amazing" only if you don't do CPU intensive stuff with it. Otherwise it whirrrs and throttles down. Personally I care more about the whirrring than the thermal throttling, but it's not amusing to not get the CPU/GPU speed you paid for either. The Mac Pro is a video editing appliance ATM. What they don't have is a developer/hobbyist oriented desktop. And this will bite them in the ass long term, because they will lose mind share. I'm very close to switching back to Linux if they don't offer me a developer oriented Mac Pro in the next 1-2 years. Covered with the thin one that gets noisy when you compile, or with the super expensive one where half the price of the hardware doesn't help you with development? :) This is why I moved from Linux to OS X. However, dear Apple are getting me concerned about their future because: 1. The main innovation in the newest MBPros is... an Emoji keyboard accessory? Okay, that might actually be useful but: 2. Worse, said newest laptops have battery issues to which Apple responds by removing the battery ETA indicator? That was actually useful since I knew how much battery life I could rely on while doing the same task . 3. Since 2013, they don't have a desktop for desktop (not web) developers any more. Minis are too underpowered, iMacs are noisy under load and who knows how long they will last when kept heated the whole time, the Mac Pro is a video editing machine and little else. Right now I'm doing fine with a MBPro and a hackintosh, but if they keep making dubious decisions about the laptops and not offering a developer's desktop, I'll have to consider Linux again. It's not the issue's existence that's my cause for concern, it's Apple's reaction to it. They've always had some process that went runaway and ate most of the CPU for no reason. Just the name of the process changed across hardware and software versions. The problem is, now they're removing an useful indicator to swipe the current problem (and I'm sure a large amount of people do have it) under the rug. It's this decision that worries me, not that they botched something on this laptop generation. Yeah? Well you need to keep Activity Monitor on all the time to check what process is eating up your CPU for no reason anyway :) Indeed, Qt can actually look native (and use native controls where available) on all 3 platforms. Gtk, not so much. For some reason, Apple laptops are the only ones usable without a mouse. The trackpad simply sucks on anything else I've tried. Just like people are used to OSes that crash all the time, they're used to unusable trackpads. Sad. [quote] Graal & Truffle are a product of Oracle Labs, the part of the Java team which does VM and compiler research. [/quote] So if a language using this becomes successful, Oracle will hit you with an intellectual property lawsuit? Actually no, most open source licenses have no mention of patents. If you're smaller than Google, dealing with Oracle might be outside your budget. Safer not to. It's Oracle's general attitude. While not going anywhere near their products won't protect you from a patent lawsuit, it is some protection. They can't sneak in some commercial components and bill you later, for example. I bookmarked this comments page as reference for Trello alternatives in case Atlassian ruins it :) As a non-american, when I hear Lynchburg I do not think of lynching, but of Lynchburg Lemonade :) Reading "ElectronJS" is when i decided not to try this app. I don't need websites masquerading as desktop apps thank you. Microsoft has never been understandable. I tried to find an overview of dot net on their site, when dot net was at 1.x and was going to cure world hunger, but I wasn't able to understand what they meant by the '.net platform'. Gave up after an hour. You're doing it wrong. You should get Brave New World instead. Yeah, second hand story (as in, personal friends are working with Qt/C++/QML, i've fortunately only used Qt/C++) is that QML mostly gets in the way. It's limited and buggy. Just do everything natively, Qt is truly cross platform and you won't have trouble. [quote] I also had to refactor some parts due to Android not liking slots in one thread and signal emitter in another. [/quote] Ouch? Worry free passing of signals/slots between threads is a feature of desktop Qt that I use and abuse all the time. I've even done a GUI-less daemon that used QtCore and abused signals/slots to communicate between threads. You mean it doesn't work on the mobile versions? Speaking of NUCs, are there any that are (a) quiet at load (b) have the PSU integrated in the case? Those are about the only redeeming qualities of a Mac Mini right now, and it pisses me off to no end that no one bothers with (b) on the Wintel side. Edit: please don't explain to me how a power brick that's sometimes as large as the NUC doesn't bother you, it does bother me. I think it's sold mainly to companies that want a cheap machine for iOS development. Hackers are more likely to build themselves a hackintosh and triple boot. Yeah, except Apple manages to come close so it's possible :) Give credit where credit is due. Well, I've checked the current offerings and I can't find any that doesn't have "19 V DC" as the power supply description. I guess I'm statistically irrelevant in their market. :) Getting further off topic, the only other piece of hardware I know of where they bother is the Playstation. The XBoxes use ugly power bricks, just like the Wintel boxes. Or "besides Netflix's own shows, there's nothing worth watching on Netflix any more". Except in some places where Netflix doesn't even have all their original content lol. Hmm. If i look at the slides, the article should be renamed "gstreamer, and some stuff browsers on all platforms do, are insecure"? Is it easier to change your media player on Linux, or to trust Microsoft? Say, does a default Windows install still enable 20 networked services that don't belong on a home computer and can be exploited without the user downloading anything? Video? What happened to good old fashioned text? I can read 10x faster than you can talk... Where is it? The PDF has some slides, not actual text, and the LWN article is also just a summary. Assuming no new 0-day... so there are still services open to the internet by default on a fresh install eh? Supplementary question: which of those "talks worth watching" have a transcript? - Most jokes are plausible, and pretty good. - If you believe the CIA had anything to do with this document, I have a bridge in San Francisco I'd like to sell you... Isn't a H-1B a form of indentured servitude? As in, if you change jobs you lose your visa? If yes, you don't get the competent ones but the cheap ones who have no choice. The good ones work on their terms for whomever they please. Edit: combine that with kls's answer about incentives, and you see why this visa system isn't quite working. Well, for some reason nobody's complaining about Western Europe immigrants taking US jobs... I stopped at "Face-to-face meetings are most efficient (examples include Reddit & Yahoo banning remote work)". If you're giving Yahoo under Marissa Mayer as an example of good management, your company was doomed from the start. If you research her you'll notice that all the stuff about burnout being a myth and being able to do great work by sleeping at work under your desk somehow stopped applying to her when she got to be management :) However, those times are rare and 98% of a remote team's communication needs are best done in text only asynchronous mode. Incidentally, this is a good way for people to actually take phone/voice calls seriously - when they're rare, it really means it's important. Water cooler conversations are for getting raises/promotions. That's why if you want to work remotely, it's best to do it in an all remote setup that's fair to everyone. I can't help but notice that all the article talks about is Delphi versions up to 6... which is where it started to go downhill. Are recent versions of Delphi actually usable? I haven't tried anything beyond 8, and from my (admittedly rusty) experience the best version was 6. The guy you're replying to looks like he wants 144 fps on 4K. Which is prolly not doable with current hardware. More importantly for some, it's a 95W AMD part vs a 140W Intel part. If the power delta stays the same even for mainstream parts, does this mean AMD will become a good quiet option too? By quiet I mean "I can't hear it at night" not "I can't hear it over the music". Edit: Also, I think data centers these days are limited in density by power delivery and cooling. Even a 25W delta adds up when you're talking about thousands of servers. Actually it very much depends on what kind of fan cools the radiator. You're using that liquid loop just to move the heat from the CPU to somewhere else. That somewhere else is generally a large radiator with a quiet fan, but not always. Anyone building their own silent pc should hang a bit on silentpcreview before they buy anything. Speaking of Slack, what's an alternative with a different pricing model? We have a core team that's always around, and for that Slack pricing is fine, but we have a significant number of "drive by" users that aren't worth paying $60 per year. We're generally happy with Slack's features, so which are the similar services that charge something different than per-user? Out of pure curiosity, what does this mean in english? [quote] iMac (built in monitor)[/quote] It's not the built in monitor that's the problem, is the overheating with the assorted noise and possibly thermal throttling if you use it for something that actually maxes out the CPU/GPU. Well, and the lack of expandability. While the portable MacBook Pro equivalents are about the same thing (look at Dell XPS 13 pricing), Apple right now has nothing for developers/power users on the desktop side. Except the GPUs were crap even on release. And there are like 3 applications that can use both? So unless you were in that niche, you'd end up paying a ton of money for two dubious GPUs of which you could only use one. You can't even hackintosh a Mac with a decent GPU any more, since NVidia hasn't put out drivers for their 1xxx cards for OS X. If they are, they're not telling. In theory the nvidia out-of-os x drivers are for people using their cards on the pre trashcan Mac Pros. In practice they allow you to make yourself a decent hackintosh desktop. Or used to. Maybe the 1xxx cards don't work on the old Mac Pros, in which case i don't think nvidia can justify continuing putting out those drivers. Who would this hurt? Apple. Very slowly though. Most people running hackintoshes are opinion leaders wrt to tech stuff, and when they switch to Linux or Windows, Apple will lose more mind share. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MoralMyopia Incidentally, recovering a google account password from a phone, when you have access to said phone but haven't given them the phone number, doesn't work. I kept being told that google will send a token to the phone, and got a dialog saying 'do you want to log in?', i pressed yes, and nothing good happened. Fortunately it was a test phone with a throwaway google account - otherwise i'd have known the password.