You know I think that this means that people should probably think twice before basing a startup on a feature or technology that Google could easily implement. By implement, I mean either have their engineers hack out, or buy. To assume that they will buy it from you is foolish by the way. I'm looking at you two GUBA and Revver, but I may as well be talking about every web 2.0 startup I've had the misfortune of having to look at in the past 12 months. Are there ANY original thinkers out there? Where are you at? Money is waiting for you. I would like, for once, for three kids to come up to me and say that they have World of Warcraft or Second Life running with full 3D hardware acceleration inside of the browser. WITHOUT A GAD BLESSED PLUGIN OR SECURITY WARNING!!! This would be something compelling that is difficult to implement. It is also something that would take people more than 2 weeks to duplicate. Think of it this way, how many people get rich anymore by writing say, IDE's? None, because we all use what Microsoft, Adobe, or Eclipse gives us, for FREE? The same thing will happen very soon with social networking, it will be included with your hosting. Probably by leveraging open source. So everyone will be able to start a story telling site with photo uploading for illustration and social features. However, I think it will be more difficult for someone to make a web based Joost with television recording and social features. So if you can, your asking price just went WAY up kid. The things I have outlined are hard, and that is the point. If I invest in something, I don't want to hear about 35 other startups doing the exact same thing. I'm not just talking about the web 2.0 people here. You would not believe the number of 'Second Life' knockoffs that are about to hit the market. They all expect that 3 to 30 million people will download and install their plugin, or click 'Yes' on their security warning. You know, the one to give this startup you never heard of FULL access to your machine. That's OK though they tell me, because they only need to get the early adopters to spread the word. The TECH SAVVY early adopters. Yeah, you heard me right, the ones MOST likely to know NOT to give a startup they've never heard of full access to their machines! If ANYONE can find a tech startup that doesn't infringe copyrights and actually has technology that would take a minute to develop, I think I would fall over from shock. Sorry about this rant. Just in the office on a Sunday looking at knockoff after knockoff. But hey, I just work for consultants for investors, it's not my money. It is frustrating that no one wants to listen to the minority report though. Dreamweaver is not successful. Analyse Dreamweaver's cost/profit ratio. Remember, Dreamweaver is boxed and sold at retail. The advent of AJAX gave Dreamweaver a little more life, since to make an impressive AJAX page requires a ridiculous amount of not very well structured code. Keeping track of not very well structured code is what IDE's are good at, and what Dreamweaver's target audience is bad at. That said, as a percentage of total revenues, Dreamweaver sucks. Check it out for yourself in Adobe's latest quarterly report: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/sec?s=ADBE Dreamweaver sales were used to bump up the "Developer Solutions" line of the quarterly report. Notice it is a small percentage. This would not be so bad, until you notice that even the line in the quarterly report marked "Other" is bigger! Here's some free advice, do not invest in a startup that plans to make a straight IDE play. Because Eclipse volunteers will be giving it away for free soon. Also, do a search on Expression Studio. It can also be used to make a straight AJAX page without all of the Silverlight CLR garbage. Actually, on a site like Facebook, this idea will obviously be challenged to work AS well as it would on a site like Stardoll or Gaia. That said, the poster is absolutely right, this model is making money hand over fist. For many of these sites, VCs are superfluous. Even Angels are superfluous! I still say that the first kid to come out with a FULLY hardware accelerated 3D game world in the browser WITHOUT security warnings or downloaded plugins will be very rich indeed. If it can be targeted to another market group, do so. If you make, say, tensor analysis software, then your capacity to go after another group is dubious. In this case, it may make sense to go upstream. That is, find out what your customers would use the tensor analysis software for, and offer that service or make that product for your customer's customers. And now for the best option of all, FAIL! You and your startup team were mistaken about something as fundamental as the size of the market you were targeting. Please ponder that fact seriously. Why were you mistaken? Emotional attachment to an idea? "Irrational Exuberance"? Is there reason to believe that decisions taken from this point on will be based upon more factual foundations? Sober answers to all of these questions sound good in interviews for new jobs. Sober answers to these questions sound like music to the ears of Venture Capitalists or Angels when one is starting up a new venture. Fail fast and learn. Then demonstrate that you did so. Wow, Things are developing quickly right now! I know there are a lot of MS detractors here, I still have to say that this software looks like it's for real. I was able to create an address book mash up in 15 minutes. From zero knowledge of what PopFly was, to maps with Flickr photos in them in minutes. I believe a lot of the "ideas" guys out there, who don't have a lot of programming expertise would be well advised to take a look at this. Couple it with Microsoft's hosting and you can probably make compelling sites with little tech expertise. That is, you can make sites as compelling as a lot of the Web 2.0 stuff you see out there, with little tech expertise. Ask.com would be a challenge to build with this, YouTube would be a cinch. You know it is occurring to me as I write this post that we first saw the value of consumer software trend toward zero cost with open source. Then we saw the value of consumer content trending towards zero cost with Napster and later YouTube. I wonder if things like PopFly will make even the value of offering consumer services trend towards zero cost. I am hard pressed to believe that we all can survive on web advertising with 100 other "little guys" doing the exact same thing, only with Microsoft shunting the pure user to their web sites. So if we can charge for very little of this what is left? I guess the model of grabbing the largest audience possible and selling it to Google or Yahoo doesn't look so bad after all. Kid is a good deal more credible than most of the Web 2.0 guys I've listened to. He has a MUCH better idea as well. What? That is a VERY simple assertion relating to something that is a bit more complicated. I think most people here should brush up on the idea of attachment networks, or organizational ecology. I'll give you the short version, the top two companies win where preferential attachment is what determines whether a user stays with you. Of course there are exceptions. For instance, one could be providing information on a web site that would be a challenge to get elsewhere. The Wall Street Journal comes to mind. With these companies, attachment is irrelevant, if a user has a great need for the information s/he MUST go to the Wall Street Journal. Most of the web 2.0 startups I have reviewed, and there have been many, are NECESSARILY based around preferential attachment. I understand this tendency. After all, if startup Y can implement the idea of startup X in less than 3 months time, then startup X will have an issue to deal with. So it is in the interest of startup X to make sure that users prefer them. Add to that the fact that most are banking on providing the user convenient access to his OWN data, and you have the makings of a good number of also rans. I always ask, what happens if the user takes his data elsewhere? "It'll never happen", is usually the answer. I inquire as to the possibility of a recession and a concomitant slow down in internet advertising. Like all of the 25 year old mortgage brokers 4 years ago, most of the founders look at me like I just came from Mars. There is a new economy, get on board or get out of the way. So I walk a little ways off... And wait for the wreck, maybe I can get a good deal on parts. I am of a different opinion than the other posters so far. I believe we are in somewhat of a love fest right now. The number of me-too companies out there keeps growing. I think that the entrepreneurs starting these companies would be well advised to realize that the VC community is actually COUNTING on most of these to fail. So this represents a large number of our brightest young men expending their best efforts on enterprises that everyone accepts will probably ultimately fail. This is concerning for the economists. I was reading on a blog of very good repute this morning about two financing deals that were announced today. One, was for Multiverse. They were given $4.175 million for a post money valuation of right around $10 million. This is familiar to most of us. The second was for HiPiHi. They were given somewhere between $7 Million and $10 Million for a post money valuation of between $70 and $100 Million. Both companies are in the same segment, virtual worlds. Both companies are at the same stage of life. "Why the different valuations?", demanded this blog. HiPiHi is Chinese. Frankly, Chinese entrepreneurs have a better track record with respect to actually having users PAY for their products. EVEN THOUGH THE CHINESE USERS ARE NOTORIOUS PIRATES. Although most of the money was coming from American VCs, the advantage was given to the Chinese team because of this crucial difference. So China's young men are gaining experience building companies, our young men are gaining experience flipping companies. Is there still any hope? Can ANY of you young men see where I'm going with this? It's anyone's guess how the current tech industry story ends. However, from the standpoint of a dispassionate economic analysis it would be thoroughly understandable if it ended poorly. It is my observation that many of the young people who boast about age are gleefully unaware of the horrible failure rate of young, (under 30), entrepreneurs. Many point out the brilliant successes, without mentioning the 100 other young entrepreneurs that failed in the same space. The numbers bare out the indisputable fact that older entrepreneurs will fail less often than younger entrepreneurs. In fact the statistical variance in the success rate is so large that wise VCs and angels actually use age in their models. For instance, if we are advising angels who are want to dabble, but are at heart risk averse, we do swing them over to that 38 year old guy with the new molecular imaging startup. On the other hand when we are advising VCs and angels that are more than just old ladies' investment clubs, we do steer them to the kids. This should not come as a surprise to people. It would be a mistake for young people to think that they are better suited to creating successful startups. They are not. They are better suited to creating MORE startups, of a decidedly lower quality. The older entrepreneur in my illustration will show better judgment at every step of the game when compared to a younger entrepreneur. That includes the first step . . . choosing to create a molecular imaging startup instead of a web 2.0 startup that anyone can copy. Actually, Facebook generates a great deal of revenue via advertising. That said, I will concede that the ad based Web 2.0 business model has yet to be tested in an economic downturn. This is something that could leave a Web 2.0 company at the whim of unscrupulous hedge fund managers in the public markets. If their revenue proves to be susceptible to downturns, it will be a less than happy time for Bay area employees. Still, perhaps these companies will be able to come up with a new revenue generating product line. I know that most Web 2.0 entrepreneurs can trot out a list of other "business models" a mile long. However, the issue with them is that they generate revenue in the millions in 'best case' scenarios. What the markets would be looking for is revenue in the hundreds of millions, or billions. At a MINIMUM tens of millions in the 'worst case' scenarios. I think that Facebook has the best chance of ALL of the Web 2.0 sites to make a run at the public markets. Maybe they can charge the users for access later. Or perhaps they can charge all of the developers for access to the platform API. Maybe they will make contracts with advertisers that span YEARS while the internet ad boom is hot. That way they will still have money to get them through to the next ad boom. There are a lot of things they could do. Yes there is . . . and that's GREAT! The ad boom is fueling extremely high levels of investment in the technology sector. That means more companies started, more people working and ultimately, more wealth created. It also gives companies time to work out all of the missteps they take along the way. Consider everyones golden boys, Google. When a rational and dispassionate analysis is applied to the company, there is cause for some concern. They seem challenged to find a revenue generator other than key word advertising via adSense and adWords. Many things have been out of place with their China strategy. It seems their mobile plans are running into issues with the carriers. Add to all of this a palpable arrogance, and I think it starts to sound like a movie we have all seen before. However, since they are flush with IRRATIONAL internet ad cash, they have time to adjust some things. Starting with their God awful name. Google, sounds great in the West. In Chinese . . . well . . . you want to find a new name for it, lets just put it that way. They used Google though, since "it's an internationally recognized brand." What was I saying about palpable arrogance? They handle Chinese name separation in a fashion that only makes sense to Western Web 2.0 technologists. I could go on and on. The long and the short of it is that Baidu is winning. Enter the internet advertising cash, and Google is able to correct. Whether they will depends entirely on them. My point is . . . Thank The Maker for internet ad booms! They have time to come up with a new revenue generator. Maybe they can get into selling some kind of personal internet agent access. Maybe they can charge developers a fee for using their APIs. Who knows . . . the point is because of the bubble, there is time. They have time to do something about their mobile strategy other than whine "waaahhh . . . but the carriers control everything and they want us to pay to access their wireless networks." Umm . . . yeah . . . the carriers gave the American people billions of dollars for the licenses to those airwaves. That is how it SHOULD work. Big corporations give us money for OUR resources, and we let them use OUR resources. If you want a license we would have given one to you too. But guess what . . . WE WOULD HAVE CHARGED YOU BILLIONS OF DOLLARS! The only thing troubling is that we charged the carriers so little. My taxes could have gone down even more if we had played our cards right. Now again, the internet ad boom gives Google the chance to work this out. And not only Google, but lots of companies now have some breathing room. That is a good thing. Will all of these companies survive and thrive. It's anyone's guess, but because of that money many have a fighting chance. OK . . . I got one. Maybe Facebook is even more clever than I gave them credit for. What if they use the platform to stage different features, all implemented by different companies, and some of these companies are WILDLY successful in charging a price for their product. Facebook could buy these companies or replicate the services and boom, they have another revenue line. Shady, but it works. OK everyone, calm down. Let me explain what these internet companies are asking for. Essentially they want the telecoms to pay us, the American Taxpayers, BILLIONS for access to wireless spectrum. Subsequently, they want these telecoms to be obliged to let them use the same wireless spectrum for free. Did I mention that the wireless spectrum is OURS? That it is the sole property of the American Citizenry? Start standing up for your rights people. Either EVERYONE pays US for access to OUR spectrum, or NO ONE does. Look at it this way, on average, many would say a black guy is more cool than any other guy. That said, if one comes into MY store and wants MY product, he will pay the same price as everyone else. Any other method of operating is known as DISCRIMINATION. If Google wants to use OUR spectrum, they are welcome to bid on it like everyone else. But come here Google . . . a little closer I have to tell you a secret. WE are probably going to charge you a good deal more for usage rights to that spectrum than the telecoms want to charge you to sub-lease it. It's because our government needs the money and . . . Oh who am I kidding . . . I just love sticking it to huge companies like yours. I don't care what the other reasons are. By the way, we also have laws that limit your ability to pass those costs on to the consumers, typically us. That's because WE want to be able to access the spectrum as close to free as possible, even after we sell the usage rights to it. You know why? That's right . . . because it is OUR SPECTRUM! I apologize for this rant. It just seems to me that when a company like F@#K!^& GOOGLE is whining about something like this, the cult of victimization in this nation has officially reached its farcical zenith. The people who started that company, AND the early employees for that matter, have more money than 99.9999999% of us. Yet STILL, they want us to give them even more of the few of our resources that they don't already own for FREE!!! I have to stop working Sundays... Alright, firstly if you read my post I said Google is free to BID on the spectrum like everyone else. It is my hope that these bids run into the BILLIONS, we should get our cut. Secondly, an easement brings down the price for the reasons you outlined. However, there will be NO restrictions on HOW the winners use this spectrum. Only a provision that they let other cheap bastards who are not paying us use the spectrum as well, for FREE. Now as long as EVERYONE pays I am happy. Yet when ONLY the telecoms have to pay, and the internet companies ride for free, the American People are losing money. I spend the summers in Paris, and I can tell you that the American People can ill afford to give things away for free. 1 Euro is about US$1.34 right now. The fact that the price would be lower for this spectrum is EXACTLY what INCENSES me. These people will make BILLIONS, and you want us to let them weasel out of the spectrum fees. They already have a myriad of different options for weaseling out of our ability to tax them on the back end. With all due respect, sir, we must agree to disagree. To everyone else, believe me, I'm wealthy enough. If the majority of us wish to continue to give more and more to the wealthy in exchange for less and less, then that is democracy and I will go along with it. It will benefit me after all. I am simply stating my belief that it is contrary to the interests of other social classes. That's true ! ! ! I wonder how many users will click YES when asked if they would like application info to be displayed in their news feed? Because a prompt screen with that question is coming . . . and the default will be NO. At least let's hope it is a prompt, Facebook may simply choose to disable it. There is a perfect storm right now of too many user complaints about application spam, competitors like Hi5 and numerous others circling, and a desire to go public without an ability to do it until the requisite time has past. A lot can happen in that time frame. I think we can expect Facebook to do whatever their user base asks them to do. Why? Because if those user metrics dip at all prior to the exit attempt they are screwed. Uh ohh . . . I believe that some of these 'analysts' are in need of help with a more full understanding of economics. Particularly the seemingly external factors that turn out to be fundamentals when thinking about economies. Energy inputs necessary to generate 'wealth' for example. What population would be necessary to support that level of economic activity. Keep in mind that the larger your population, the more of your fixed amount of energy resources you will need to do simple support of the population outside of other economic activities. I am somewhat uncertain as to whether this is a misprint, however, I felt compelled to point out that US$6 trillion is an enormous amount of economic activity. By way of comparison, WalMart's revenue is about US$350 billion. Global telecom market sits somewhere between US$1 trillion and US$3 trillion depending on how we count things. The energy inputs that go into supporting this economic activity are mind boggling. Keep in mind that these industries invest a great deal in keeping those energy inputs to a minimum, that is, they invest in 'efficiency'. Still the inputs are incredulous! I suspect energy efficiency is not a strength that Facebook is possessed of. I am fairly confident that this is the point that Warren Buffet would pose a question like will people need more Facebook than food? Maybe they will. I just ask that everyone try to keep in mind everything that needs to happen for Facebook to reach those numbers. Then again . . . Maybe he is factoring in the crash of the US Dollar . . . Never mind. You're right . . . Even with a crash, this is just asinine. It's that midwestern courtesy of mine. It obliges me, at times, to simply point out the deficiencies in arguments for silly positions as opposed to dismissing them out of hand. It is difficult to imagine a scenario culminating in the situation that the analyst postulates. AAarrrggghhh!!! I just did it again!!! Listen to nostrademons. US$6 billion makes more sense. Still a little foolhardy. A projection that goes out 10 years in this industry? Not smart. If you give someone US$1 billion, they cannot hurt WalMart much. I suspect they could hurt Facebook a great deal. Maybe the 'new hotness' will come along, maybe Yahoo! will get their act together, maybe Apple (iPhone) is working on an announcement for the next MacWorld conference, maybe some kid is in his dorm right now about to make the whole social networking thing P2P. The Facebook Fawnfest needs to cool off a bit. This guy must have hit a nerve to generate so much vitriol. I think many of the comments here hit on some good points. I think the blog post we are discussing hits on some good points. It is possible that we are all right. We need to be honest here and admit, however, that the vast majority of the free to use consumer startups that we are seeing will be challenged generate US$1 Billion in revenue a year. Or for that matter, even US$100 Million. That is why there is little talk about taking the majority of them public, because other than as a delivery vector for advertisements, there is scarce value in this crop of startups. To be perfectly frank, these are less than ideal platforms for ad delivery as well. What can be done? We can try other models, and I'm sure many will. There are a boatload of virtual worlds, virtual world platforms, and MMOs coming on line this fall. ALL of them plan on using ads, microtransactions, and subscriptions. They are in the good position of being able to use all three of these at the same time, and all of them will. I predict though that by December all of these companies will have their models DESTROYED by two guys on their couch in boxer shorts developing a FREE virtual world on their laptops while watching SportsCenter and eating ramen. There will be 1000 college students "building portfolios" around the country that will make gigabytes of content for the new LINUX of virtual worlds. It will all be P2P or hosted on Amazon, and it will piss many a VC off. So the only thing these businesses will have left will be advertising. This is the situation web 2.0 is in. People keep investing in the hope that some little twist will be the magic one that brings in the most ad bucks. Charging for these things is not an option, there will be free alternatives if you wait 6 weeks. Even virtual worlds can be duplicated in 6 weeks these days! What can we do? It's easy to point out the holes in what is currently being done, it is much more difficult to offer a WORKABLE solution. The business practices in the web 2.0 space are becoming less and less honorable. In addition to this, I was reading recently about companies who were using Facebook apps to advertise, you guessed it, other Facebook apps. So funded startups pay these funded startups to advertise to Facebook users, who then start using the advertised app. Would be perfectly acceptable, only to date this seems to be the only proven model for generating money from Facebook apps. This is being described by investment circles in the midwest as a new age multi level marketing scheme. That is, if the group you are talking to is gentlemanly. The less gentlemanly circles are calling it a Ponzi scheme. This young man aggregated a very valuable demographic in one place. Over 2 Million prime "hosteling" candidates, and travelers all accessible through his user list. As to the question of whether this is real, I am uncertain. It would be understandable however if it were. What many entrepreneurs realize too late is that acquiring a lot of heterogeneous users quickly is of little value. Acquiring HOMOGENEOUS users is of great value. When all of a sites users are homogeneous, ie travelers, or runners, or 30 year old single women, the number of methods of monetizing them are legion. Monetization of an audience of less than 5 million is more difficult where there is no commonality. This young man chose the simplest monetization method, sell the names. "the Bank of Japan had lowered interest rates to zero . . ." The article goes on to say . . . "The list goes on. Bank lending is on the rise;" I should think so. How is this a good thing? To have the second largest economy on the globe giving away currency that is, for all intents and purposes, free? If China were engaging in this same behavior I can assure you the calls for retaliation coming from the financial centers of the US would be quite deafening. It would take a great deal of time for me to explain this so if you will indulge me, and simply 'take my word for it', I will affirm to you that this state of affairs is sub-optimal for you and I. Assuming, of course, that my audience is composed primarily of non-Japanese consumers. The 0% interest rate is simply one, in a long litany, of less than ideal policies and financial machinations that the article points out. I will concede that it is possible that the rules of Economics have changed. That, perhaps, this 'New Economy' everyone seems enamored of is real, and works. The article's author will forgive me, however, if my own estimation of the current Japanese situation differs from his unabashedly positive one. Kashif, I think you ONLY read the article. Here are todays prime rates . . . Enjoy . . . Prime Rates in Worlds Largest Economies Germany 4.00% US 8.25% Hong Kong (China Stand-In) 8.00% And Your Favorite Apparently... Japan 1.88% Now . . . Which of these nations do you think is playing unfairly? ... Take your time . . . They will need to prove more than that. The people sending the mail have certain fiduciary duties to the shareholders of the corporation. It will take some doing to convince an arbiter or, God forbid, a federal judge, that giving clear text copies of internal corporate communications to a third party is consistent with those obligations. Especially since the EULAs of these services typically oblige an enterprise to use the "...It's OK...they promise not to read it" defense. Even better, an employee of one of these services, quite innocently, sells some of a client corporation's stock. That corporation better hope to whatever they consider Holy that the stock refrains from dropping for a while. SOX makes it a good deal easier to prosecute lots of different parties to the appearance of impropriety. Guilt and innocence goes out the window. What matters is what is LEGAL, and a little something called "burden of proof". In my own opinion, it is so low now that a sick kindergarten age child could hurdle it. Unless you are a VERY good lawyer, or you can afford one, or preferably 10, I would advise you to stay away from any SOX entanglements. Sell the enterprise some software to run on their own servers, DO NOT offer to manage it if you are a startup. That said, if you can afford the battalion of attorneys, move forward with your plans. Keep in mind however, indemnity clauses in the new SOX era means you go to prison WITH them should anything go horribly awry. Without a change in the law that allows them to do so, doctors and lawyers will be creating and editing all of their important documents on private machines and LANs for a good deal longer than 5-8 years. I REALLY appreciate the fact that a forum poster actually took the time to go out and get the numbers relevant to a subject s/he is posting on! A few nit picks: The population numbers for Asians, Blacks, and Latinos DO INDEED include far larger numbers of foreign students than the other numbers, as you were wondering. Not that it makes a difference to the point you were attempting to make. I'm just pointing out that the 'representation' numbers you gave imply that the Asian, Latino or Black populations at Harvard are composed exclusively of native born Americans, I wanted to make clear that they are not. Though I suppose anyone familiar with Harvard would find that to be obvious. With that, I wanted to say that if wealthy, British educated, Africans are more qualified than African-Americans, then why should Harvard not admit them. Same with whites. If Jews are more qualified than non-Jewish whites, then they are the ones who deserve the spot at Harvard. I realize that wealthy people get a pass, and while that is unseemly to me, I cannot claim to find it entirely unexpected. All of this is coming from a Christian Midwesterner from the under-class and a farm state. So conservative that when I'm running the banks they won't pay any interest at all. But if we live in a meritocracy, then we live in a meritocracy. The fact of the matter is that if Harvard and other schools did not make 'allowances' there would be far fewer whites at Harvard than there are right now. I know that it's hard to hear, but there it is. Even at second-tier schools, 'allowances' are made far too often. At the University of Wisconsin, they cut off foreign and out-of-state admissions so that less qualified Wisconsin residents can get some of the spots. As a conservative, I find this EXTREMELY distasteful. Recently, a friend of a friend introduced me to a young man who is developing some interesting software. REALLY interesting stuff. During the demo I was floored at how much more advanced it was than anything currently on the web. The young man's presentation panache was second to none as well. You see, he went to his website on MY MacBook demonstrating at once his confidence in his virtual world platform's ability to run in arbitrary browsers, AND the fact that it supports MacOSX without stating it! Who IS this kid!?!? I thought. I am ashamed to say that I was shocked. Oh the software he described was straight forward enough. Though admittedly my eyes did glaze over during his explanation of some of the algorithms behind his system. This type of minutia was NOT something I needed to know. A simple "This demos our booty physics" engine is fine, I get it. What REALLY got me, yes even SHOCKED me, was the fact that all of this was coming from a person who, if I saw he and his friends on the street, would probably have prompted me to double check my car locks. Maybe that is a little bit of an exaggeration but you get the idea. How does a black kid, t-shirt, necklace, sweatpants and all, understand these technologies so well? Now before you call me racist, realize that this kid had been shopping around a LOT. Even so, I am the ONLY person, so far, to have invited him to give a presentation. At least I gave him a chance, and I am ecstatic that I did! As I have too much respect for a lot of people on these boards to sport with your intellect any longer than necessary I will come to the point. Though, being so intelligent, I am certain that for many of you I have already made it. How does this young man, with intelligence, ambition, and persistence, become successful in our society if "a company should be able to hire or fire whomever they like for whatever reason"? Attitudes like that are what leave him, and others like him, on the outside looking in most of the time now. I believe that we live in a society with a color-blind ideal. I also believe that MANY young men, like the young man in my story, suffer due to our failure to live up to it. As do women. As do the aged. I agree wholeheartedly agree with the first part of your post. Finding, and exploiting inefficiency is what my role is all about. No question. The last part of your post has a few things in it that I have to take issue with. Firstly, giving this guy money is NOT what I do. I invest in companies. I think investing in companies is the best way to exploit inefficiencies. Secondly, simply investing in a company with good people, and good technology at a good price is part of "cleaning up" as you put it, but it is at times insufficient to the cause. Now I could list GUBA, Revver etcetera here, but I believe you get the point. Lastly, take a quick scan through the comments in this thread. You will notice, in very short order, that yours is the only one containing profanity. You will get a lot further in life if you do yourself the goodness of presenting yourself in a favorable light to others. Even when you disagree. One more thing, my job is analysis. I look at, and analyze, data in a dispassionate fashion. Then I give a yea or nay. Normally it is with an eye towards advising other investors. In this case, I put a little of my own scratch on the table. My business depends on reputation, I do not lie. I do not omit. I do not aggrandize. Let me say now that given the attitudes of people like you, I hope, for the sake of more than my investment, that this guy is successful in a fashion that forces others to recognize that the existence of people like him is possible. All other things being equal, I would agree with you. I am intimating that, perhaps, all other things are not equal. The guy in the article seems, to me, as though he has a case. I think that the behaviors and statements outlined indicate a hostile work environment. As to the question of the guy in my story, if we follow your logic, that "any smart company will hire him", then we would have to conclude that the majority of the people and organizations that he attempted to approach prior to me are "not smart". I am not so important or well known that I would be very high on the list of your average entrepreneur shopping around his idea. That is why I have to keep an eye on the forum users at places like news.YC, it allows me to potentially contact some bright kids at VERY early stages to see what they are about. I say that so that you realize that this kid tried to go to a large number of places before he was reduced to making desperation pitches to people like me. So I think it is a little idealistic to assume that he would have been "hired", or "invested in", in any case. As a matter of fact . . . I did :) He didn't call me grandma though . . . He said, "people don't care about that kinda stuff anymore" I asked, "If that were true do you think you would be without investors right now?" Wow! I'm flattered that someone took the time to go through my comment history. My web presence is currently limited to my forum user's accounts at news.YC, TechCrunch, and the like. The idea of a blog occurred to me briefly when we decided to start looking at consumer startups. However, we determined there to be many blogs already in existence doing an excellent job of providing coverage of the space. It was doubtful that we would create a large enough audience from which to select clients. All that said, the idea of a personal blog has been pitched to me. Recently the requests have been coming more and more often. So perhaps at some point in the future. Right now I am so busy that I am staying in touch with the office on the weekends. I would like to actually put thought into blog posts for a personal blog, and not have it be these more off-the-cuff brainstorms that I post to the forums. Thanks again for the interest. Is there a feature on this site that will allow me to send you my email on a private channel? VERY good point. OK you should receive it shortly. You know the issue with getting people to subscribe to Americanism around the world is the way we go about it. Chinese culture, for example, is just as hegemonic as our culture is. I was in Dakkar, and I could go to a Chinese restaurant. It is getting that way across sub-saharan Africa as well, the Chinese are everywhere. Even in Zimbabwe people love Jet Li, Jackie Chan and Chow Yun-Fat. The story is the same in South America or Eastern Europe. Yet everyone hates us, and can't wait to learn more about China. Why? I travel a lot and have struggled with that question. I am frustrated because I am challenged to think up a reasonable answer to it. I think part of the reason though is the difference in the messages. The West, and the Arabic world for that matter, send messages like the one in this article, 'Our way is better because look at how the other way sucks'. Where as the Chinese or the Japanese send messages like 'Our way is better because we do x, y, and z'. The focus of their message is ALWAYS on their own positive values. If they had their way, the developing world be oblivious to the very existence of America and the West or Christianity, Islam and the Middle East. Articles like this encourage people to go out and get more information on Che. The flip side of that is that they invariably come across information on Batista. Then, at the next dinner party, they are fairly well informed on why the Cubans would turn to iron-fisted despots like Che and Castro to improve their lots. Then you end up trying to argue that the United States would never again get in the business of forcibly maintaining the power of a system like the one that existed in Cuba prior to Castro. And they, rightfully, point to George and Condi and ask if you really believe that. I am without answers. I am frustrated. And I am saddened. I know that there are people in the United States who have what many would consider to be wise values. Respect for others, quiet confidence, wisdom enough to properly weigh the need for strength, flexibility, and balance in most situations. What escapes me is that, somehow, what bubbles to the top are people who preside over profligate spending, gross neglect and DISRESPECT of others (Katrina), and the careless employ of strength without regard to flexibility or balance. We are trying to win hearts and minds. Our leaders of the past 20 or 30 years have made it necessary for us to write articles like this. They have made it necessary for us to send 160000 guys with guns to 'win' those hearts and minds. I don't know much about how hearts and minds are won, that said, it seems to me that something is woefully out of place. The spread of pop culture is one of the reasons that many anti-American zealots latch onto as justification. So yes, Schwarzenegger, Michael Jackson, McDonald's and Starbucks, they all have a great deal to do with the perceived American cultural hegemony. As Jet Li, Jackie Chan and, foolish as it may seem, Chinese restaurants, all have a great deal to do with Chinese cultural hegemony. The question that confuses me is this. Why worry ONLY about American cultural hegemony, when CLEARLY the Chinese cultural hegemony is also an issue? Why worry ONLY about American cultural hegemony, when Japanese cultural hegemony is also an issue? I maintain that there is something subtle here that we are somehow missing. There HAS to be. Why do the French blow up McDonald's and not the restaurants in the Chinese section of Paris over by Le Marais? There are as many instructors of Chinese martial arts in Munich as there are hip hop clubs. Why single us out? There are MORE girls playing with Tomagotchis than there are listening to Hannah Montana. Why does she need so much more security? Everything you wrote in your post as touching China is (somewhat) factual. Yet most non-Americans consider the United States and Iran to be the prime threats to global peace. Why? In short, what I am saying is that none of this makes sense to me. That this situation is very disconcerting. If there are non-Americans reading this thread, I would REALLY like your opinion on these matters. Just as an example. This reply by ph0rque is just the type of response we invite when we point out the shortcomings of others to prove a point. Just to dig a little deeper I wanted to ask a few questions. I assume you are Franco-American. Is this true? Secondly, I am certain that you are aware that your own leaders are rattling the sabers for war with Iran right now as well. Why is it that the French would elect Sarko, and continue to bash Bush? (I am no friend of Bush by the way, it's just something I have been wondering). Next, you say that you love our culture, and from what I see in Paris I would have to agree. You also seem a little sino-phillic as well, with martial arts, Chinese medicine, and the Chinese film industry doing as well as it is in France. Would it be fair to say then that CULTURAL hegemony, either American or Chinese, is not what is so galling to the rest of the world. Rather the, military hegemony in the case of the US, and the financial hegemony, in the case of Japan and China? Do you believe it is the military and financial hegemonies that spook others? Lastly, the wording of my post was probably poor. When I said that the French blow up McDonald's restaurants, I was referring to the incident in Brittany. I only mentioned Paris because I wanted to point out a well known place, in a well known city where another cultural hegemony had a foothold. I think that is part of it, but Hollywood does not explain all of it. Chow Yun-Fat was big in Europe long before 'Anna and the King'. When we put him into video games, we put him in the roles that he played in his HK films, the roles that he played in his american films were far less memorable. Zhang Ziyi is an amazing actress and the world knows this because of 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon', though 'Rush Hour 2' was really good, as you said. And women the world over LOVE the film '2046'. I take that DVD with me where ever I go, in case I get a date. It is ALWAYS a winner. With a name like 'caligula' you should make sure this movie is in your collection too. Having been obliged to eat at crappy Chinese restaurants from China Town in Havana, Cuba to Hong Kong, I have to say that it all tastes the same to me. That said, I am sure if I set my sites on the higher end restaurants I would probably find the difference in the 'experience' that you spoke about. I think maybe you might be right about Hollywood pushing martial arts though. This still leaves open the question of the worldwide fixation with things like Chinese medicines for example. Thanx If you investigate this story a little you find that the same thing is happening in Southern Africa right now. This 'trade war' can be attributed to African network engineers who do not know how to properly manage their machines. CHECK -> http://www.digital-m.co.za/seo-blog/2007/10/yahoo-hijacked-b... Please people . . . 'Fact checking'. A little less alarmist tone in our posts would go a long way. China has so many things that we could legitimately complain about that I see little reason to concoct stories. We could complain about their government. The hypocrites who profess to believe in the communist ideal of all men being equal, and at the same time deny all men an equal say in the selection of their leaders. Oh I forgot, it's not communism . . . it's 'communism with Chinese characteristics'. We could complain about their business leaders. Who profess to believe in fair trade, and at the same time manipulate their market to prop up domestic companies at the expense of foreign competitors. Which, if this story were true, would almost certainly be the reason for it. But MOST of all we could complain about the people. I imagine many people on this board have been to China. So you are already aware that even if one were allowed to shout about democracy and human rights from every classroom at Fudan, the students would ignore it. Why? Because they are all greedy little snots only interested in getting rich. . . . There I said it. We in the West are too concerned with hurting the feelings of the Chinese people to state the obvious. And speaking of the Chinese . . . right now Yu Yen is looking at me with that smug Chinese smile and chuckling . . . I have to decide between smacking her around, or going for a run. I am reminded of a scene in the Bruce Willis film 'Hudson Hawk', where the security guards are chasing Bruce through a museum and two of them end up splayed out on the floor. The third one runs by, still chasing Bruce and yells back at the other two . . . "Get up! You're embarrassing me." Get it? I think 'race' is one way of looking at it. Another way to look at it is that there will be more than one 'winner'. Just like today, I think in the world of tomorrow people will use more than one programming language. So all of the languages that expect to be around tomorrow will need to evolve into languages for controlling concurrent systems on massively parallel architectures. You are correct in saying that some languages are simply given as winners. Erlang is a VERY impressive language from a performance standpoint. That said, it really needs to be used in conjunction with some front end UI language to present the results of all of its processing. Make no mistake about it, if one has so much data that one will need say 32 cores to process it, then a clever presentation layer is a must. Another drawback here is that, for those Erlang programmers who are something other than elite, Erlang will handle all of the locking and synchronization on its own. I think experienced senior programmers see where that one is going. That said, the way Erlang implements concurrency is cool. I like simple! In my opinion, Java is another clear winner here. From Wall Street systems with US$900,000,000,000 a day in transactions flying through them, to medical imaging systems rooting out cancerous pathologies, to petroleum exploration systems trying to find the precise limits to all of that new Cuban oil, Java is at the center. When it comes to handling massive datasets in a maintainable fashion, Java is second only to the C,C++ languages. Some would even say that C or C++ code is less maintainable than Java. I would say they should hire new C programmers. Lastly, C, C++ and Assembly will always be around because there will always be someone,(Carmack) who wants to outshine everyone else. And we can all agree that nothing flies like an assembly routine. As a bonus, we can get exacting control over concurrency, synchronization and locking. It may be difficult to believe, but this option is attractive to a certain class of hacker. Concurrency in todays web darlings, Ruby, PHP, and Python will be challenging. I think someone out there will simply come up with a new language. Or the web guys will switch to Erlang over time. They will run into a data size problem though due to the way Erlang implements concurrency at a low level. It will be interesting to watch them problem solve that. On the front end, it's easy . . . Microsoft wins. Anyone who understands concurrency in an intimate fashion knows the challenges of getting a scripting language like JavaScript to support it in a satisfactory fashion. Do you lock and synchronize for the developer? Do you let him/her? Do you copy the heap and send messages? What about client side memory in a tabbed browser? The questions go on and on. Java may have somewhat of a chance here, depending how things go, but basically Microsoft will continue to have the majority lock. Stackless is interesting, but I found it to be a little unwieldy when I wrote a volume visualization test. When each task needs access to the entire volume of data, Stackless gets REALLY slow. I didn't look through the Stackless internals the way I looked into Erlang, but the slowdown was undeniable. Again, for massive datasets, accessed by many cores over a massive number of threads, it needs a little more development. TEST ALGORITHM: Standard Volume ray casting. Each pixel processed separately. Ray casted through volume with alpha based early ray termination. Though I disagree with the practice, there is a reason behind the 10% rule at UT. I think many people in this nation would be surprised to find out what would happen without rules like this at our better state schools. I'll save you the details, suffice it to say that whites would disappear from Georgia Tech, UTexas, UWisconsin and the like almost overnight. Again, as a conservative, it is abhorrent to me, it's essentially affirmative action for white kids. That said, I do understand what the people who run these schools are attempting to do with rules like this. I think what he may be trying to point out is that perhaps the kids that are 10 - 14 years old right now may enjoy a "Club Penguin" off shoot more than "Club Facebook". Which one will be more profitable long-term? Who can say. The tourists still find the Buddha Bar a "must hit" spot in Paris. Even though the "globally hip" crowd hangs out more in La Republique, Le Marais, or even Monmartre now. Eschewing what they perceive to be the pretentiousness of the Champs Elysee. He is right when he says that these things fall in and out of fashion cyclically. During the Jazz age Harlem was hot, falling out of favor in the 70s and 80s, only to enjoy an admittedly controversial renaissance in the 90s to the present. Musical instruments may have had a brisk trade in Harlem during the Jazz age, but now something a little more bland is in order if you want to make money. Think Pottery Barn. (I know . . . it saddens the heart) It is wise to try to strike while the iron is hot rather than build a business that is dependent on its heat. That's the interesting thing isn't it. With the Scala platform around people have very little incentive to go in and make the improvements to Erlang that would help it to become more mainstream. Particularly on the web. For instance, what follows is the code to the Scala address book example: object addressbook { case class Person(name: String, age: Int) /** An AddressBook takes a variable number of arguments * which are accessed as a Sequence */ class AddressBook(a: Person*) { private val people: List[Person] = a.toList /** Serialize to XHTML. Scala supports XML literals * which may contain Scala expressions between braces, * which are replaced by their evaluation */ def toXHTML = Last Name First Name { for (val p { p.name } { p.age.toString() } } ; } /** We introduce CSS using raw strings (between triple * quotes). Raw strings may contain newlines and special * characters (like \) are not interpreted. */ val header = { "My Address Book" } { """table { border-right: 1px solid #cccccc; } th { background-color: #cccccc; } td { border-left: 1px solid #acacac; } td { border-bottom: 1px solid #acacac;"""} ; val people = new AddressBook( Person("Tom", 20), Person("Bob", 22), Person("James", 19)); val page = { header } { people.toXHTML } ; def main(args: Array[String]) { println(page) } } This is so much less scary to people than the Erlang equivalent. EQUALLY complicated, just less scary! So if there are kids out there looking at implementing something new really fast, they will be drawn to Scala. Remember PERL, it was lightning fast . . . and really scary. Java was less scary. PHP was friendlier still. And, I suspect, the frameworks built using Scala will be downright promiscuous. It's too bad, I'm an old fart, 36, but I like Erlang. Maybe the kids will let their religion get the best of them. They are really anti-Java, and Scala is built on Java. Of course, they love JRuby. Quel dommage.