Is there anywhere to eat on Sandhill Road? It's kind of funny that Sevin Rosen is giving up at the same time Sequoia is scoring on this scale. I'm tuned... what do you mean? this story's still not #1 Can you do it again? yet another advantage of being in the Bay Area very funny, ethan Thanks for the suggestion. If anyone else has suggestions, let us know in the comments on this thread. This is from that terrible book by Nesheim. I wouldn't trust anything he says. Making the site invite-only would be the opposite of what we want. One of the goals of this site is to discover smart people we might not otherwise notice when they apply for funding. Doing things through connections works well in the VC world. Because of the large investments they make, they're more conservative. But in the seed funding business you need to be aggressively democratic. Yeah, I know. The site is at least simple and functional, but we should (and will) make it look better soon. I noticed a several people suggesting features in other threads, so I'm starting one explicitly for that. I know there's a lot that needs improving; the site is pretty bare-bones at this stage. So propose whatever new features you think we need, and vote for the ones that you want most. Spam actually showed up the first day. Fortunately we already had good tools for dealing with it. Not logging users out when we restart the server. (If you find yourself suddenly logged out, that's why. Sorry, will fix.) See http://ycombinator.com/s2007.html for details. The application form lives at http://news.ycombinator.com/apply. Probably time to make urls in comments turn into links. Can you let me know precisely how to reproduce it? Has anyone else experienced anything like this? I hope we can tell the difference between people who are smart and those who are merely articulate. (We all have a lot of experience dealing with hackers, after all.) The server's written in Arc too. I wanted to learn how to write one. We won't clutter it up. Look how minimal the YC site itself is. Several of the startups we've funded use S3, and they seem to like it. That was a bug, not a design choice; I just fixed it. Adam's startup is making software that works closely with Outlook. In that sort of application it might make sense to use Java or C#. We never proposed there was no lower bound; the goal was more to discover where it was. And we now have, I think. Though in fact the main thing we discovered was how fuzzy it is. There really are people who can start a startup when they're 19. Sam Altman, the founder of Loopt, was 19. But for most people the lower bound is about 22. One reason is that most people need to experience what a job is like to be sufficiently motivated to avoid it. Another is that few people are forceful enough at 19. This is weird. I believe you, but I can't reproduce it. Can you send me an email at pg@ycombinator.com? It wouldn't work to assemble teams of cofounders. A startup puts such strains on your friendship that you need it to be an established one. editor: vi, ide: repl This was in fact a bug. It's now fixed. Sorry about that. If anyone cares, it was because the http server is also written in Arc, on top of MzScheme, and we misread the MzScheme doc on make-limited-input-port to believe that limit-k referred to k of bytes. In fact it refers to bytes. So while we thought we were capping http requests at 2 meg, we were in fact capping them at 2k. Dang, after only three days we already have YouTube videos on the front page. (I voted it up though.) It seems a reasonable model to say that outcome = idea x execution, but there's no reason to put the dollar sign on the execution. Rather than outcome = idea x $execution The more honest model would be outcome = $(idea x execution) No picture? IANL but I'm pretty sure YC funding is not enough. But I've heard there are ways to get into (or rather stay in) the US if you go on to raise larger amounts of funding. I think these guys are more serious than they seem. I know James Hong is. You may hit something good by accident, but you don't keep it by accident. Harder to say about the upper bound. The factors you mention may play a role, especially kids. I also think need for money is a factor. Most people who could make money have by 40, and once you have enough, you're less willing to endure the pain of starting a startup. The average age of YC founders is about 25. This is one of my favorite books. I've read it several times. They wouldn't even need this "feature" if they had a more sophisticated algorithm for ranking stories on the frontpage. The source of all their trouble is that a story that makes the frontpage becomes the *top* story on it, instead of working its way up like on reddit (and here). Whoever made the thing is certainly not a born hacker. If you decide to change a vote and click on Back, it takes you right off the page, and if you click on forward again, it restarts. Why does the thing even have to be flash? It could just be an html form. Similar to the point of plagiarism in some respects (there are only three questions on their application form not copied from ours). But there are some differences: 1. They have an official connection to VCs. No one in seed funding can afford to do this, because it means you hose 90% of the companies you fund. If you don't give them their next round, no other VC will either, because you had inside info and you didn't. 2. They make no promise to keep doing this after this summer. YC and its network of other startups will be there to help you a year from now. 3. They give lower valuations: $12.5k for 5% in the average (2.5 founder) case, vs $17.5k for 6%. 4. At the end you demo to investors in the #6 startup market, whereas at YC you get to demo in both #1 and #2. Not at all; we're not VCs. We just do seed funding. That is a very different world. If a seed firm has an official relationship with a VC, that VC will know which of their startups are best. They can't invest in all of them, since the number of startups is so much larger at the seed phase. Any they don't invest in, other VCs will know are rejects. And this is the kiss of death, because the most important thing to most VCs is other VCs' opinion. Both Techstars and the new Lightspeed thing have this problem. At Techstars one of the founders is a VC, and Lightspeed is itself a VC firm. dupe 50 million pounds? That has to be a typo. We'd consider them. We have sometimes accepted companies that have already had a little funding. We prefer companies that aren't incorporated yet, though, because the paperwork is so much simpler. http://ycombinator.com/faq.html Trusted human editors. Am debugging it now. More that you can't count on any given acquirer. Ok, from now on, restarting the server shouldn't log anyone out. Form submissions will still be lost if a restart happens in the middle, though. really? which ones? This is a real problem. When a partner from WSGR came to speak at YC, I asked her what was the single worst mistake made by inexperienced founders, and she said it was being sloppy with stock. They're all not launched and/or making something new.