Bringing the Google ad network to old media "will be a real challenge," says Greg Sterling, an independent analyst at Sterling Market Intelligence. "The ability to serve a relevant ad against someone's query is one of the great innovations of the Internet, and it's not transferable to other media, where people are more passive." Unless you acquire a lot of bandwidth and put yourself in the middle of the media stream... The president of Evans Data doesn't know that "data" is plural? It has become common - acceptable depends on your willingness to cede precision and expressiveness in the language. And it doesn't inspire confidence that I am more pedantic about this than the president of a company the name of which includes the word "data". I wouldn't have suspected video to be the optimal medium for displaying the contents of a notebook. And I think I would have been right. usenet? There were plenty of automobiles around in 1965. I think they even had helicopters way back then. Maybe competition between roads would reduce the time spent at tolls. Also, presumably, unmanned toll booths would be used. You may currently be spending more than $1400 to the government to pay for government roads. With competitive incentives in road placement and size, you might save more than enough time to offset the transaction costs. You seem to be asserting that consumers are not better off with the airlines deregulated. Although I hate air travel and everyone likes to complain about it, I don't think you can argue that, as government has been removed from airline regulation, air travel has become vastly more cheaper and available to more people and that it is possible to reach many more locations by plane. Similarly for another high fixed cost industry which you cite - telecommunications. Free markets might not solve everything, but they're almost always better than the alternatives. As examples of the alternatives, consider the postal service, government-run schools, Medicare and welfare. It's hard to know. Presumably the system would look different today if the government had not distorted it in that way. Perhaps if market incentives were allowed to operate instead of the land being taken, we would all be flying around in the jet cars we expected. That's great if everyone agrees to put nostrademons in charge. Instead what you get is: "When schoolchildren start paying union dues, that's when I'll start representing the interests of schoolchildren." -- The late Albert Shanker, former president of the American Federation of Teachers, 1985 http://www.unitednuclear.com/aerogel.htm But currently out of stock. They have plenty of other stuff you're going to want, too. "The heating has improved significantly. I turned the thermostat down five degrees. It's been a remarkable transformation," he said. Wow. Really good insulation can make 65 feel like 70. I didn't ask that question. But the point is your solution requires putting/keeping the government in charge of education, just like we have now. Once the power is given, all kinds of interests become involved and people like Albert Shanker participate in how kids are educated. I'd prefer to let parents decide how best to educate their children. The entire system shouldn't be designed to accommodate the outlying parents you fear who don't care about their kids. You sound so sure. You don't think if the enormous amounts of subsidies the government had spent on airports had instead been allowed to flow to alternative transportation modes or energy research, things might be different? He seems a little confused about whether the benefit of capitalism is that the fittest survive so that the failure of the unfit benefits the entire system or whether employing people to pursue ideas which fail is good in itself since it stimulates the economy. The latter would be an example of Bastiat's "broken window fallacy" ( http://www.econlib.org/library/Bastiat/basEss1.html ). http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=45984 By clicking "details", you can see the voting for posts for which the total is not yet displayed on the main page. How does Pantone make money? 0.69 vs 0.7? If that precision reflects accuracy, how did they get it? Why? The oscilloscope has an x and y input to control the spot and it's controlled by the sound card output. I'm curious to know what about the explanation you don't find believable. Wow. The Gap thinks that its new offerings in other sectors will appeal to an old customer? Is he also astonished that The Gap has spruced up its product offering for the fall? She's only 13 in human years, though. How come Rhapsody isn't the solution to all their problems? The price is low enough that it isn't worth it for most people to go to the trouble of stealing the music. Portability is an issue, but maybe that's solvable or has been addressed already. But, with Rhapsody, you don't have an equity interest in the music to begin with. The whole investment is the intellectual one in your playlist, which you can keep. At worst, if you discontinue Rhapsody, you could go and buy the music to replicate your playlist if you feel the need to own it. I would be more concerned about the potential obsolescence of my investment in music in a physical medium or a particular file format. Another video: http://www.reuters.com/news/video?videoId=61204&videoCha... No screens? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=48104 >Save your money on the fancy-shmancy hybrid, and buy a diesel car, and fill 'er up with biodiesel. It's carbon neutral, totally renewable, and requires no special modification to your car. If only it wasn't destroying the rainforests: http://www.newscientist.com/article.ns?id=mg18825265.400 The real story ( http://nostalgia.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Proteus_Steinmet... ): In the early years of this century, Steinmetz was brought to General Electric's facilities in Schenectady, New York. GE had encountered a performance problem with one of their huge electrical generators and had been absolutely unable to correct it. Steinmetz, a genius in his understanding of electromagnetic phenomena, was brought in as a consultant -- not a very common occurrence in those days, as it would be now. Steinmetz also found the problem difficult to diagnose, but for some days he closeted himself with the generator, its engineering drawings, paper and pencil. At the end of this period, he emerged, confident that he knew how to correct the problem. After he departed, GE's engineers found a large "X" marked with chalk on the side of the generator casing. There also was a note instructing them to cut the casing open at that location and remove so many turns of wire from the stator. The generator would then function properly. And indeed it did. Steinmetz was asked what his fee would be. Having no idea in the world what was appropriate, he replied with the absolutely unheard of answer that his fee was $1000. Stunned, the GE bureaucracy then required him to submit a formally itemized invoice. They soon received it. It included two items: 1. Marking chalk "X" on side of generator: $1. 2. Knowing where to mark chalk "X": $999. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=59195 Short version: For a technical job, interviews with the technical people are what matter most/exclusively. If you want trivial advice about how to find out about the company from the unimportant interviews, read the whole article. To what prices are you referring? Computers, VCRs, air travel, refrigerators, TVs, dishwashers, books? People today can buy more of almost everything than they could 20 years ago. Why (or why not) US health care is so expensive: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=63646 What we need is the iCleanSweep to eliminate home invaders and clean the floors. Scale in what sense? The stated motivation for the invention was to provide small amounts of power. What real deal? It doesn't seem far-fetched that it can generate enough power to run a few LEDs. Probably a pinwheel can do that too. 3D printer demo video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps0WEZbDjHE According to the article, the problem it is solving is generating small amounts of power inexpensively and reliably. It would power those LED lights which are used to allow people in developing countries to read at night. You seem to think that this is a small-scale proof of concept even though there is no reason to think that this is anything but the full sized device. He doesn't claim nor does it seem credible that there is a particular advantage to this technology on larger scales. Bearing friction, which he cites as a problem at the small scale, is not such a big issue for larger generators. LED? I've been charging my electric car from my phone line for years. Look for a reverse stock split to give Microsoft a $5000 share price. Now it's worth more than Google. Boom - a whole new company - problem solved. Does this guy read his own stuff before publishing it? Intangible capital of being in the U.S. = $418,000. http://www.reason.com/news/show/122854.html Wow. His writing style is exceedingly annoying. And, either as a result of that or not, I feel as though this is the fifth installment of something he wrote of which I haven't read the preceding parts. 2004 - when computers still had parallel ports. Oh. Symbian - not Sybian ( http://www.sybian.com/ ). Why is an inquiry like this voted up? I recently bought an iMac as an nth house machine. The software experience is very pleasant; the mouse and keyboard are terrible, but very pretty. I was thinking it might be nice to switch to a Mac as my main computer. I already have a nice dual monitor setup and a nice keyboard, so I would want a standalone Mac box. I checked out the price of the only Mac which makes sense to use with external monitors - $2500 for the Mac Pro!! I was surprised - especially since the iMac seemed somewhat reasonably priced. I'm surprised that no one mentions newspapers and magazines. These seem like the obvious win for the Kindle. No more dirty, bulky newspapers to carry around or dispose of. There is no DRM issue since the content has a one day shelf life. And the payback from a potentially lower subscription cost could justify the cost of the Kindle. As with books, it is obviously nice for commuters. > weed is legal What makes you think so? "Meetings are not always about the efficient exchange of information..." http://www.marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2004/01... What makes him think that sports teams aren't doing this kind of analysis but consider it a competitive advantage to not publicize it?