This has to do with a series of 4chan posts under "anon works IT" https://imgur.com/gallery/B9wqU They do. Recently applied for a position I am somewhat qualified for (all the right resume keywords and x years of experience). Recruiter calls me in for an interview only to tell me the 'client' wants someone with a degree. Degrees are nice to have for getting past bureaucracy. However,I still maintain for IT an programming jobs,the time and financial investment is largely a waste. Identity based encryption. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ID-based_encryption "Identity-based systems allow any party to generate a public key from a known identity value such as an ASCII string. A trusted third party, called the Private Key Generator (PKG), generates the corresponding private keys...." I think it's innovative and a bit of "thinking outside the box". You do need to ultimately trust a 3rd party (same as in PKI or WOT I guess?). This. I live this everyday and they talk about it in terms of "insider threat" and "user behavior analytics". Yes , every last thing you do at work is being monitored and analyzed. You see,I am at a point where I wish it stopped at work. $work these days spies on your off work activities as well. Essentially making you their slave. If you don't experience this,then maybe your company isn't big enough to afford it(or if it is,please tell me more about this wonderful company that let's you do your job without 24/7 surveillance) EDIT:Just search for " user behavior analytics".Orwell would be impressed You can use those APIs but AV and dynamic sandbox analysis solutions look for samples that make decisions based on the return value of those functions. [flagged] I may have gone too far with the trumpist remark,I just saw a close paralell. I did not mean you were one. Anyways,you tried to make the story about the media,how this article is some sort of retribution. Yes I went too far there,I did not intend it as an insult,I only attempted to draw a parallel. Sorry. A person shouldn't have to prove they're not fake,the person making the accusation needs to backup his statement with proof(not speculation). Obviously,there is no reason to even give ear to accusations against her. But,I do have something against using your sex appeal and good looks to get more views,support,etc... A woman wearing skimpy dress,cleavage or breast accentuating(?) Top is just as inappropriate as a topless muscular guy wearing only a speedo and his privates bulging out while making similar tech videos. There are times and places to display what an awesome body you have and how sexy you are(for any gender) That being said,this slander,gossip and spreading false rumors is a terrible thing. Even if she was a "fake" it would still be an unethical and inappropriate response. Frankly,I think the people spreading the rumors are displaying nothing more than their own insecurity. Yeah, I don't have a problem with women in tech at all. They shouldn't have to sexualize themselves for success. Plenty of smart women (including likely the subject of the article) where their work is more than enough to compete with any man's work. As a user,I am most offended by ads that target me. I would rather see a completely unrelatable ad. It feels like learning new information that way,as opposed to being stalked and preyed upon. I don't know how much research has been done on the subject,but personally I don't mind ads in general,I mind ads that target (stalk) me and intrusive ads. I can tolerate ads that target the page content or random ads just fine. In any military force,turning your weapon against your own people is worse than being a traitor,running from battle in cowardice or surrendering to the enemy. Their continued attack(yes,using malware and implants against someone is an attack) against their own people is in my opinion completely shameful and unpatriotic. As someone who has no intention of breaking any law or of harming the united states,it is simply not ok for me to have to include my government as part of any threat model or as a potential attacker. I have been wondering why that isn't done more often myself. I mean,it isn't like tv ads didn't work. Their soldiers shot their own people and received rewards? I find that hard to believe. Or did you mean computer attacks? In communist and authoritarian nations, monitoring what the people are doing is normal(to account for potential dissent),but they would also shoot/imprison their own people over political dissent. Maybe the U.S. is no better than those nations. Still doesn't make it right. If a soldier does not protect his people and their rights then he becomes nothing more than a henchman for politicians - worse than a traitor. I guess that qualifies and makes a good example of an unpatriotic soldier blindly obeying orders. It doesn't,but since I learned about this person,I commented on this aspect of the story. Technical work should be judged on technical merits. Being called fake because of your appearance is unfair and so is marketing technical work using your appearance. My objection was towards unfair abuse of someones appearance whether by the subject of the story or by her accusers. > Most VPN software, frankly, is awful. Using a VPN feels like a backward step to the dial up era of obscure error messages, slow downs, and clunky software. It really doesn’t have to be that way. Ugh...interesting analogy. Personally, I prefer my "dial up era" wireguard or openvpn over a "modern era" service that aims to be a gate-keeper of internet content delivery. CF always tries to interact with the browser/application. Still trying to cope with "Alphabet inc" tracking users cross device and apppication. I Would rather see reduced performance if it means one less corporate middleman. That said,I would have no problem with Neumob or any CF service if all application traffic used browser(or app) to real-server end to end encryption and CF did not store cookies and did not run js. After all,CDN services like akamai,fastly and cloudfront manage to operate just fine without being intrusive like CF. Not true,sure I would prefer programming related ads but I still want it page-relevant and not based on my browsing history,habits or sensor data. Is there really no legal option to stop this? Can't users who don't use facebook file a restraining order? Just like ipv6 they are over complicating things that need simplification. End to end encryption and chat room backlog would be nice. DCC and CTCP need to go away. A simpler protocol that does more with less would in my opinion be optimal. You are right. My comment was more towards the ircv3 wg. It's a made up term. Titles are suppose to be specific. I made a nice dinner yesterday myself. Guess I'm a maker too(no recipe used,original as well!) Since they are using "maker" to describe persons that are engineering electronics related work,why not just call themselves "electronics engineer"? Edit: seems I stepped on toes with my comment,I don't know how else to react to a term like "maker". Could have been less sarcastic but I'll eat up the downvotes and maintain what small amount of common sense I have. Glad he apologized and offered to right what he wronged. I hope Naomi accepts the apology as well. That said,unless you were personally wronged by this man,please let it go and consider this whole drama history. I wish either party didn't make this about a struggle between genders and classes. Guy acted like a jerk and apologized,something any one of us can do(regardless of gender,skin color or nationality) When you describe what you do with a term (made up or not),that term should at the very least give your audience some idea of what you do. Everyone is a maker. The point of a language is to communicate information,not to obscure it. Would it be a proper use of language if a programmer called himself a "writer"? After all he is writing. "programmer" or "software developer" is used to distinguish what type of writing he/she works with for a living. Sorry if that offended you,but from my perspective,it just does not communicate the nature of their work efficiently. Fair enough. This is why I would not ever be able to keep a silicon valley job. Sure language is made up,but isn't an obstacle to clear communication bad language? I find it hard to accept unreasonable logic(even the popular and trendy kind). Powerpc isn't too bad. Affordable power9 would be nice. What needs to be done to make that a reality? > I want to know if they can communicate with me. I want to know if I can sit down and talk to them and enjoy myself. Do I get any weird vibes? Do they keep checking their phone? Can they talk with passion about their current work or work experience? If this doesn’t go well, maybe schedule a second one, or part ways. Honest question, why do they think this sort of stuff is relevant? I've heard "can I spark a conversation with him if I met him at the check out line?" And other questions I can't wrap my head around. Is it appropriate to meet for coffee to begin with? Is an ability to socialize well and "chat over coffee" important for roles that are not customer or client facing? As a developer or engineer,do you find these skills relevant,critical or important to get your job done? Justice shouldn't be based on statistics. If a sexual harrasment claim is made,why not treat it like any other accusation of wrongdoing? If the accused admits(like many of the popularized cases recently),he should be charged in court,why would someone admitting to rape not be prosecuted? If the accused does not admit guilt then he(or she) should be viewed as innocent until proven otherwise. Is it not better for many guilty suspects to escape punishment than for one innocent person to pay for a crime that didn't happen? Maybe slander applies here if the accused feels the media(and social media) accusations are wrong. Remember this: https://www.marketwatch.com/story/google-searches-for-hillar... I doubt anyone can give you a sure answer. But this sort of a thing is a "public secret" https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/jun/04/google-in... https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/as-obama-nea... Any of these?: https://duckduckgo.com/?q=google+cia+post Notice the term "data provider" (a provider is a willing participant) in this snowden leak slide: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turbulence_(NSA)#/media/File... The question really is "what ideology?" Not whether or not everything they do is ideological. Maybe I should slowly put down my tinfoil hat. I can only presume,but I believe they simply want it to integrate well with the existing protonmail public key system. Also,maybe they plan on letting protonmail users share or send contacts(non-repudiation and authentication). Just leave super mario,duck hunt and galaga alone! Can't you use the same argument for robot soldiers? They will stick to rules of engagement and less people will die. The question with cars and robot soldiers is how comfortable will society be with machines causing human death. Even if overall human death is reduced. Also,what about accountability? Who would I press charges against if a self driving car chose to save a stranger but kill a loved one? For a human driver,neglect and responsible driving can be measured. But for a machine,the only blame I can place is with a megacorp and their lawyer army for training the ML algorithm that caused loss of a loved one (or loss of a limb) [flagged] Sheesh,HN sure has a good sense of humor.. That's not a bad investment at all. Not sure if still true but last I heard,some 85% of internet traffic at some point is processed by a juniper device. I don't care much for your herd mentality. When I comment,I expect my audience to be individuals not herd members that think "this is how we do things here". I have been around elitist types long enough to not be bothered by it too much. Do what you will,what can I do other than wonder in amusement how something as simple as a harmless pun can be taken so seriously. And I don't use reddit. Thank you so much for this mozilla. It is ridiculously easy to trick even tech savvy users with a data: uri phish. Great read! Thanks for sharing. Would be great if lsm hooks existed for execve and create_elf_table(). Tangential to that,wonder why loading multiple lsm isn't a thing? I can see myself writing complimentary lsm to an existing selinux or apparmor lsm that adds or enhances functionality and security controls. The question troubles me much more than the answer. Whether for a job position or college application acceptance,why is it ok to practice anything short of pure meritocracy? When a person attends a school or works at a company,why is that person seen as an ambassador and representative of a larger group as opposed to an individual representing himself or herself? If a person can demonstrate their ability to meet or exceed the demands of a job or their ability to succeed academically at the school of choice,why consider anything else? In case of multiple good candidates,pick the one that is most compatible with the company or school or whichever candidate scores best on additional testing. I don't care what $somegroup tend to be good at or bad at. I am not hiring a group,I am hiring an individual. If a person,irrespective of gender, can test better than other candidates,they should get a job. I assure you fully,I do not speak as a member of some "priviledged group", quite the contrary. However, I despise artificial equality. The argument of the emancipation and civil rights movement both were founded on the fact that all people are created equal. It means people should not be artificially stopped from participating in public activities and opportunities because they are somehow thought of as "naturally inferior". Test everyone equally (their merit for the opportunity and character as individuals) and do not artificially add or deduct points based on their membership to some group. If you treat,(for example) a woman in a special way - only because of her gender, you are being a sexist. The end does not justify the means,it does not matter if in the end that woman is better off(in your opinion). You are still being a sexist. The focus shouldn't be on measuring a certain group's representation at a company or school. The focus should be in enforcing strict meritocracy and auditing for any controls that might inhibit any individual from succeeding or progressing because of their membership to a group. Lastly,for downvotes' sake - a person's political affiliation or social views are frequently used to artificially " keep out" individuals out of silicon valley companies. In my opinion that is unjust and should be corrected. For example, a software engineer's political views,national origin,ethnicity,gender,what sports team he likes or if he voted for $politician is irrelevant to being a good software engineer. If he or she demonstrates their superior technical ability and ability to get along with your team,hire them. Look back at history and see how much evil could have been avoided if people did what was right-but-inconvenient. Nothing good ever comes out of injustice. You're asking the very same questions that troubled me. If people belonging to a certain group are not doing well,why do you take a group based approach instead of asking why individual applicants and employees are not doing well? I get why you are trying to find cause to explain your correlation and I understand adjusting whatever barrier tests and controls there are that are found to be unfair or discriminatory. What I am saying is,adjust the tests for everyone,not for specific groups. At the end of the day,whether I get the job or school acceptance or get rejected,I want my test to be the same as everyone else. Jim crow era voting tax is a good example,the test was unfair and discriminatory in nature so they got rid of the test(tax). Imagine if instead they made it so that black people were exempt but everyone else had to pay the tax. That is what I am against. An unfair test should be removed because it is unfair. It should not be augmented so that the intended victims of the unfair test are exempt from the test or get special considerations. If a job requirement test can unfairly be abused to discriminate against a candidate,then get rid of the requirement. Good example - "Must be an excellent oral and written communicator" - this is too vague and too subjective. How about laying out the specific communication requirements of the task and testing all candidates based on their use of slang words,verbage,vocabullary,etc.. ? Yes,people do discriminate. The system,tests and controls are what need adjustment - and this adjustment should be across the board,so that individuals face the same tests and controls.a As opposed to adjustments that affect only the intended victim. Average people don't know about this. Even if they did,they don't understand the implications. This is truly concerning,as in I have serious doubts about this society's short term survival. I don't mean as in democracy or cultural survival but wars,civil unrest and all the other nasty horrors humans cause on each other. It seems only a matter of time until those things happen,except this time the masses are controlled and their behavior analyzed and influenced ever so more efficiently. The west hasn't seen the type of surveillance that goes on under terrible regimes,where they use your friends and family to monitor you,and when you fall out of line you get "disappeared". I think people here in the west just assume that type of stuff only happens in north korea and other 3rd world countries. Maybe Germans who lived in east Germany can relate. Anyways, the common man's ability to stop tyranny or even help victims of tyranny goes away when the common man can't hide his views,inclinations,associations and activities even if he/she wanted to. Think of all the great wars,movements and struggles in history and all the heroic acts that shaped the present. Could any of them succed if everyone was using facebook and google and the "bad side" controlled these companies? I can't decide whether it is overconfidence in democracy and western governments or reckless ignorance of history that has made the existence of these companies in their current form tolerable. I think we're nearing(or have passed) the "point of no return". Maybe we are living in one of those "prelude" years before an era of unthinkable chaos and worlds turning upside down begins. The risks,potential casualties and how much it would take for peace to return all seem exponentially higher. I think some sober thinking is needed. Facebook,google,amazon and friends can all operate well(even better) while eliminating most of their capacity they have to monitor user activity and without mining and analyzying user behavior. Really,they have the money and the technology exists to allow that to happen. What lacks is the will. I disagree with your solution. Less guns and more discipline at a young age would go a long way. Why should a kid take your lecturing and conflict resolution seriously if he/she hasn't been raised knowing their actions will lead to very real and immediate consequences. The prison and juvenile detention systems encourage criminality not correction. Maybe the needed education is for parents. Social shaming of abandoning your child raising spouse might help too. I'm just saying,it's always best to address the disease instead of the symptom and that at the foundation of a child's life. Just my humble opinion. This really makes you ask 'What on earth am I doing with my life?'. The article is well said ,they want you to be too scared to leave,much like a well cared for house slave would. They even trick you into believing "benefits" are a valid form of compensation. That being said,not all corps are like that. Some take in people like me with no college education(hah!) And give us opportunities to prove ourselves. I think the old saying "hurting people hurt people" applies. Maybe goes beyond parents ,as in "it takes a village to raise a child". I wonder if you have had good role models that you turned out well? As far as gun laws,even in boston the US constitution applies so people get guns. Look at japan,their gun laws are so strict,their gangs(yakuza) very rarely keep guns. Sometimes cop's don't even bother to bring guns when raiding gangs! Gun laws work,so long as it isn't half baked with all sorts of exceptions and short prison times. " No guns for all civilians" with a "7-15 year prison term upon violation" is what I meany by gun laws. Anyways,I hope you prove me wrong and do great by the kids in your city. Stagefright is one,so is the broadcom SoC exploits project zero published Would love to answer,however not in a public forum like this. I can say that I paid my dues and had people take a chance on me. You took quite a twist there. Suice rates and the way men die has much more to do with social expectations and culture than genetics.you need to at least have a theory on how genetics explains your correlation (other than saying "how else can you explain it")