I'm not sure if they really "blur the line". Speed wise, the new SSDs are coming closer and closer to RAM, but latency wise they're still miles off. There's still a lot to be done before SSDs can truly rival with memory. I compiled a nightly build of LineageOS yesterday. Building it for just my phone requires: -8GB of RAM -70GB of disk space Pulling down the source code from github using my 500mbps connection took about half an hour. The first build took over 90 minutes. Adding a single file and rebuilding took 25 minutes with compiler cache enabled. Presumably the compiler cache will speed up building for multiple devices and device specific builds will probably only take half an hour after the first build, but these numbers will not fit in any free plan. Granted, bitbucket seems to have decent pricing for their Pipelines but the price for building weekly for all devices will probably be too expensive in the long run. That's why they're looking for servers donated by the community. So these people were expecting a private company to spend thousand of dollars on construction costs because their house didn't get hooked up back when the cables were put in the ground for the first time? I don't understand why they ever expected to get a free connection in the first place. Internet isn't considered a public service (yet) and there are no government goals to connect every household. ISPs won't get any subsidy for connecting up these people so it's only logical that they need to pay the construction costs themselves. Governments should make broadband Internet a public service but the companies involved will never cooperate. The only way everyone can get a decent connection is when the government takes over the responsibility for providing Internet access. But that requires money which requires tax increases which will anger the people so that will never happen. This might cause a lot of infections around the world for systems without the other code execution prevention systems... Older versions of Android don't have much protection against Stagefright or other such attacks if ASLR is circumvented. The same can apply to older versions of Windows (7 or earlier) without EMET installed. It took the most popular desktop Linux operating systems (like Ubuntu) a very long time before they even shipped ASLR. I hope further defense in depth will be implemented now that ASLR is proven weakened. There's not even a need for installing a proxy! SSH has native SOCKS proxy support, so all you need to do is set up an SSH connection and set the browser connection to a dynamic SSH port forward. This also prevents leaking DNS requests : with a standard proxy your computer might be trying to look up domains using the company DNS system. With a SOCKS proxy, you can forward all DNS traffic as well! This is a good point. Google has added functionality so that user installed certificates bypass all certificate pinning utilities, so users using these tools are less protected. However, there is no indication of the network being monitored once the certificate has been installed. On Android every time a user-installed certificate authority is used a warning is shown. Furthermore, the user is forced to set a lock screen the moment you install a certificate. If Google can push this (frankly user unfriendly) UI through, why not change "Secure" into "Monitored" in Google Chrome? The green padlock is a lie and the truth is exposed only after inspecting the certificate using the web developer tools. The latest browser I can think of that should still support your OS and still gets updates (for a few more months at least) is the extended support release of Firefox 45: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/organizations/all/ While it may not support the latest HTML5 features, you'll still be patched against security vulnerabilities. Alternatively, you could install Windows 10 using bootcamp according to the bottom post of this thread: https://discussions.apple.com/thread/7171259?tstart=0 Windows 10 works pretty decent on low RAM devices, and you'll be able to run all the latest browsers and software. Except that in this case the blind will no longer be able to listen to the audio recordings and the deaf will no longer be able to use the animations and automated closed captions. They should have struck a deal where all new content will be ADA compliant and all courses will never depend/actively refer to the old material, but keep the old material still online for further research. Of course UC needs to stay compliant. But that doesn't mean forcing it to take down old material will help anyone. I assume Google wants to push their own image format (animated webp) instead of supporting an old format nobody has been using for years. This is good news though; finally we can start to abandon the cruddy old GIF format and move to something more modern. Imgur converts most moving images into mp4 and webm, serving the optimal file to the browser the visitor is using. I think this is part of the reason why people use the word "GIF" for any moving media these days as imgur is a very popular medium. Very interesting to note: > However, searching a small sample of firmwares I have present, I've been able to verify the existence of the "ccx" tag in the Galaxy S7 (G930F, G930V), Galaxy S6 Edge (G925V), Galaxy S7 Edge (G935F, G9350), Galaxy Note 4 (N910F) and Galaxy S5 (G900F). This could mean that not only Apple devices are affected. Broadcom chips are everywhere and bringing out patches and firmware update is a big problem in the Android world. This is probably decompiled code. Many functions loose their names if code gets optimized or obfuscated. function_XYZ is probably a placeholder used by the decompiler. There's already a system to do so: it's called DNS. You can check for timeouts using XHR already and if a server doesn't respond then having it send a new IP wouldn't work anyway. The problem with using DNS that way is the usual 30 second time out. On the other hand lower values than 30 seconds can cause problems for many users with slow or mobile connections. Honestly I can't think of a reason why the HTTP specifications should contain anything about IP addresses. I don't agree with the parent post (I think all traffic should be encrypted now that let's encrypt exists) but this is an interesting point. For example, Google is making it as difficult as possible to install certificate authorities in Android. Root certificates are encrypted as if they are client certificates, requiring the user to set up PIN or password protection on their lock screens. Removing this protection immediately disables the installed user certificates. Google has changed the Android 7 API so that by default the user certificate store is not used to validate the validity of certificates (only the system store is used). Apps need to opt in to still support user certificates. Of course this is all done to prevent malicious actors from performing MitM attacks on users. Still, I would not be surprised if Android P removes the user certificate store all together. This is why video content websites suck. Getting in the way will only frustrate users. In my country there is a legal right to copy audio and video content for your own consumption. We can download your video, play it on the TV in living room, save it to our phones and watch it in the train to work. And if your content is interesting enough, people will do so. If your site were interesting enough, I'd probably write a quick Chrome extension that adds a big download button to save others the hassle of going through the developer tools. Although the domain name registration was intentional, activating the kill switch wasn't. The author registered the domain name without knowing what would happen (the virus might as well have wiped the entire disk) and was surprised to see that he had activated a kill switch. That's the accidental part. Exactly! The first thing I thought of when I read the title of the patent was the tmux session I had opened in my terminal. Given how GNU/Unix Screen has been available for thirty years I doubt this patent will hold up in court. I'm still missing the insight into websockets that Chrome offers. The network monitor can see websockets being made, but there is no way to see the data inside the data frames. There are of course extensions that fix this but in my experience they are heavy and slow down the debugger. I really hope this feature will be added soon (or has been added without me noticing it) The dementia argument is compelling; is a criminal missing all of the memories from his criminal past still a criminal? Punishment makes no sense when the punished doesn't understand what they're punished for. As for the other elderly, although there is not much of a risk that these elderly prisoners will fall back to a life of crime, they are still there for a reason. One of the prisoners used as an example has been convicted of a sex attack he committed when he was 68. Another prisoner used as an example has committed several serious crimes, each worse than the last. He's been given multiple chances to better himself; he didn't, so he has to face the consequences. We can hardly stop punishing criminals "because they're too old". The whole idea of a prison is that you get less freedom and luxuries than the people outside. Putting prisoners in a special home would give them the same (and for some people, even more) luxuries than the elderly outside the prison have. Apple still doesn't allow true browsers in the app store. Not because they disallow duplicate system applications (plenty of calculator apps out there). The problem is that Apple does not allow any developer to use a browser engine other than built-in Safari. Apple also doesn't allow virtual machines/on the fly compilation of code, making any alternate, fast enough Javascript engine practically impossible. "Browsers" on iOS, such as Firefox Focus and Chrome, just repurpose the built-in Safari engine with some modifications (bookmark sync, extra content blocking, etc.) That sounds like an interesting idea for a mod though... FYI: Firefox (and other browsers as well I think) already have built-in functionality for generating a cURL command with all the headers and cookies included. In the dev tools, you can right-click on a request in the "network" tab and click Copy > Copy as cURL. Sadly, this only works for requests you haven't already done with the dev tools open and it doesn't generate wget commands, but you might get some use out of this while the add-on is being updated. Whatsapp Web works perfectly for me in Firefox, but only after messing with my adblocker settings; the website depends on javascript from at least three domains to work. FINALLY, someone who had the same idea as me. I've actively looked for ways to do something like this and even considered setting something like this up in a quick and dirty way (by abusing X forwarding over the internet across devices; probably the closest I'll get to making this system work without modifying every program on my computer). The sheer inefficiency of getting my email on my phone, laptop, PC and tablet across several apps without any of them communicating between them is driving me mad. I have an overpowered gaming machine in my room and a slow, old Samsung tablet near my bed. If I want to read something in bed, I'll have to suffer through the slow Chrome browser with all of its lag and lack of hardware accelerated decoding while there's a machine with incredible graphical power available _right there_. I'd love to turn my tablet into a thin client for my PC, but that requires a mix of slow or unstable remote desktop apps. In my mind, this concept would also have other devices help with the workload. For example, when my server is busy running compilers, my laptop can kick in and help out with some of the work by doing the Javascript for my tablet. This makes the work more complicated, but combines the power of my collection of personal devices into a single platform. I really hope someone or some company can help the world move this way. It's been done before in part back when thin clients were the latest hit and after the last few years, responsive design has been normalized to the point combined systems like these have a real chance of becoming the next thing in computing. Sadly, I fear the moment this becomes popular the general population will just pick a cloud-based solution so they don't need to set up an application server, which gives companies like Amazon and Google even more power and data then they already have. Works fine in Firefox + reader mode Text-only link because NPR couldn't be bothered to make their GDPR compliance page link to the correct page: https://text.npr.org/s.php?sId=621752789 Based on what I see around me, people just use the first browser they see. Until someone with technical know-how comes along, people will use Edge on Windows (and usually complain about how the internet is acting up, but that's another story). The same goes for Samsung and its own browser, simply called "Internet": people often have heard of Google Chrome but won't go looking if there's a working "internet button" right in front of them. Other vendors use the same trick. Personally, I would think this is a good thing as it takes away some of the monopoly Google has, if Samsung etc. would just give their browsers regular updates through the Play Store/their own app store (latest version I can find on the Play Store still uses Chrome 59). There is no technical reason to install the Google app or to install Chrome. Vendors can easily install their own WebKit/Blink engines for all the WebView/technical requirements (as seen by alternative ROMs) and the Google app can be deleted without affecting the other Play Services. I think this is a ploy to prevent companies like Microsoft from coming with their own ROMs that focuses on Microsoft applications (Cortana, Bing, Edge mobile, Outlook, Microsoft Office etc., MS have a near complete stack of applications for Android) without offering any pre-installed competition like Google does. Wikipedia has a nice graph: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Android_version_history#/media... Needs an update though; this one only goes up to February this year. It's possible on most devices to use adb over the network. It's a separate toggle in the de developer settings as it exposes the adb port to all network interfaces (think WiFi, LTE, Bluetooth, etc.) Use `adb connect ` to connect to your device over WiFi and you should be able to use this tool without having a wired connection to the phone. This isn't just an iOS bug. The affected CSS property is just not available on most platforms. Sinfe I do not have access to any apple hardware, I tried turning on the experimental web features in Chrome Canary on my phone and it managed to freeze Android as well. The Chrome browser crashed on Windows with this setting on. Microsoft Edge, the only browser other than Safari to have support this property without messing with config, just showed a generic "this page can not be displayed" message. I think this problem affects the entire WebKit/Blink code base, the only reason the crashes are not being detected on other platforms is that most browsers just don't support this feature yet. From the WebAudio spec ( https://webaudio.github.io/web-audio-api/#allowed-to-start ): > An AudioContext is said to be allowed to start if the user agent and the system allow audio output in the current context. In other words, if the AudioContext control thread state is allowed to transition from suspended to running. > Note: For example, a user agent could require that an AudioContext control thread state change to running is triggered by user activation (as described in [HTML]). This means the user agent (the browser) is allowed to choose when the AudioContext can be used. It's up to Chrome to determine when playing audio is allowed. I can't think of an example where auto playing audio without user interaction is a good idea anyway. This was explicitly warned for in the moving standard since at least late 2016( http://web.archive.org/web/20161031141656/https://webaudio.g... ). So people with an exotic email address can't use your service because you don't think their email is valid? The reason you don't see those exotic addresses are mostly because of bad programs not knowing how email works. This reminds me of that story of a Chinese man unable to get registered at the bank because the computer systems don't have a character required to write his name. Sure, "it only affects a small amount of people", but it shouldn't be that hard to just flag strange but valid emails with "your email looks strange, check it again and tick this box if you're 100% sure you typed it right" instead of outright refusing to work. The check box doesn't even need to be interpreted server side, this can be done in one or two lines of javascript. Also very interesting how they do include IP addresses in their regex but only ipv4. As far as I can read, the author makes points based on the data he analysed. The jabs at gender studies near the end were somewhat misplaced in my opinion but they do not contain the core message. It should be easy enough for someone opposing this man's view to take the dataset presented about and disprove the conclusions made. Claiming statistics like "amount of citations at time of hiring" are offensive is by no means helping anyone's case. I hope the author will be reinstated quickly because I see no reason to act revenge upon him just because one disagrees with their conclusions from a statistical analysis. This is exactly what the peer reviewed system should prevent. The WiFi adapter restrictions are either the result of hardware restrictions (the UEFI firmware not allowing a different device) or a lack of drivers (there's no macs with Intel PCI WiFi cards so Intel doesn't have any MacOS drivers). Although there's plenty of reasons to critisise MacOS restrictions, the WiFi hardware issue is not one of Apple's faults. Depends on how competent the package maintainers are/remain. You might just be one script bug away from wiping random files ( https://www.slashgear.com/steam-on-linux-bug-can-delete-all-... ) Browser vendors have previously expressed their trust in the Symantec ecosystem. After Symantec repeatedly failed to hold up their promises, the vendors are now revoking the trust they had placed in Symantec ecosystem. Browser vendors can no longer tell their users they are connecting to a secured and validated website because of this. To accommodate Symantec customers, browser vendors have given people (a lot of) time to change certificates, trusting the certs even though the party that signed them was no longer trusted. This placed users at somewhat of a risk, but made possible a grace period. Now that grace period is nearly over. The companies at fault, who gave out unverifiable certificates, have not contacted all of their customers or their customers have not acted on their messages. Either way, this is not the problem of web browser vendors. End users trust their browsers to warn them if their safe connection is fishy and browsers will soon actually show those warnings. If you disagree and want to ignore the recommendations of Google and Mozilla, feel free to disable the Symantec distrust flag or to use a different browser that still accepts the bad certificates. That is your choice and the choice of any end user. However, those who don't understand the underlying problem continue to rely on the safety their browser software provides, as they should. If a small website can no longer display simple information because of Symantic not being trustworthy, that website should take it up with Symantec. And it's not as if the certificate wouldn't have to be replaced within about a year from now anyway; there's no extra costs or effort required, just earlier costs. Let's not forget that it is the web browsers that gave Symantec a business model to take away in the first place. If from the beginning non-commercial key distributions would have been set up (public keys over DNSSEC or something like that) this would not be a problem and the whole HTTPS certificate market wouldn't even exist. Sure, X509 certificates are used for other usages as well, but not as prominently as for web browsing. A lot of MTAs are improperly configured. There's still a lot of plain text email sent across the Internet. The secure mail servers often have trouble connecting to anything with a TLS version higher than 1.0 (if even that). Many mail servers also don't have a valid server certificate (self-signed, expired or even from the wrong domain). In my opinion, the email ecosystem is hopeless with regards to TLS security. Gmail started showing red padlocks for plaintext or insecurely sent emails a while back and I still see the red pad lock to this day. Bexause of this, disabling old TLS versions could make your server unreachable for large parts of the Internet or have servers fall back to plain text if they're improperly configured. Nobody wants to be that one company that can't receive your grandma's emails so everybody just keeps accepting improper configuration. Another problem is that a lot of MDA servers share their TLS config with the MTA side. I know from experience (worked at a small company that upgraded their email servers to TLS 1.2, at least on the MDA side) that old Microsoft mail clients (Office 2007 and lower, Windows Live Mail 2012) have trouble with TLS 1.2, especially on older Windows versions. Although these clients have all been deprecated for a long time, a lot of users with few tech skills still use them because that's what their PC was set up with years ago when they bought it, or because they don't want to waste their time learning how to deal with a new UI (you can see this with a lot of elderly people). For programs that use the Windows 7 TLS libraries TLS 1.2 is even disabled by default in Windows 7 because at the time Windows 7 launched, other implementations had major bugs. It can be enabled using a registry key though. This includes Office 2010, which still gets security fixes from Microsoft. So, if a large company would disable TLS 1.0/1.1 on their MTAs it might get a large amount of customer support calls from their least technical customer base. You can tell your customers that their program is out of date and that their program is the reason they're getting errors, but in the end the customer will still blame you for "breaking their mail program". Aside from a massive blow to a company's reputation, this would also overload the customer support desk and cost a lot of man hours. Actually, I've seen the built in mail app for Samsung smart phones fail on TLS 1.2 for Android versions up to Android 8. Other Android vendors generally have trouble up to Android 5/6. With the lack of system updates on the Android ecosystem, this could be an even bigger problem. I believe disabling old TLS versions is the right thing, but not until large parties such as Microsoft and Google decide to take the first step if you still want your server to receive any email. I agree with you in the case of old encryption methods (plain DES, RC4, NULL cipher) but not all protocol problems are because of the lack of a recent encryption algorithm. There's heaps of old modems that use a weak DH key and will never see a firmware update. You're left with either accessing the device insecurely over HTTP, hoping your ISP will send you a new one (good luck with that) or paying for your own modem which will probably never be allowed on the ISPs network. Weak DH keys should not be that hard to keep in the code base yet still most browsers will present an impassable TLS error screen. Honestly, I don't know why corporate systems just plain reject standard HTTP(S) traffic and require browsers to configure a corporate proxy which signs connections with their own internal certificate authority. Transparent MitM is such a hassle and in a corporate environment you should control the client devices anyway. As an added bonus you can choose which protocols you will or will not support on the external side, protecting your ancient Windows XP boxes from SSL2 downgrades and allowing them to contact modern websites their SSL libraries might not support. As other wrote, this might cause problems when TLS 1.3 contains a major vulnerability TLS 1.4 fixes. In my opinion, the `ssl_protocols` config should accept a string like "TLSv1.2+ -TLSv1.3", basically stating a minimum version, allowing exclusions and including anything newer. In the same spirit, one should be able to do "TLSv1.0-TLSv1.2" for setting a maximum, with specific exclusions if a new TLS version ever becomes a problem. I think SNI will remain in fashion even after IPv6 is introduced globally. SNI works fine for plain IPv6 address. If you run multiple websites on a single server for example you can move your server to another IP address / host / datacenter, update the IP address in your DNS settings and you're done. If you use IPv6 for this purpose, every domain and subdomain need to be configured with a new IP address and need a special line in the DNS config. This leads to administrative overhead, which leads to mistakes. You can host your own repository if you so wish and have users download the app from the standard F-Droid app, similar to the many PPAs available for Ubuntu. You end up having complete control over your APK distribution and users can receive updates through F-Droid. F-droid certainly isn't perfect, but it's the best Play Store alternative I've seen. Load balancers, IDS systems, traffic analysis, bad firewalls, content filtering systems, transparent proxies, some kinds of "intelligent switches", consumer routers with AV capabilities. Also anything sold by Blue Coat. You can read detailed examples on Cloudflare's blog, they've been very eager to experiment with TLS 1.3: https://blog.cloudflare.com/why-tls-1-3-isnt-in-browsers-yet... Actually, Firefox does prepend the www subdomain but only if it fails to resolve a domain. When I mistype a website (exmaple.com) I often end up at www.exmaple.com if I don't interrupt Firefox. Chrome is moving towards the opposite though, hiding the www subdomain in the browser bar. Because most server-side web apps are complicated. The ones that aren't (too some extend) can just get [apt-get|dnf|yum|pacman]ed into your server and you're ready to go. WordPress and Roundcube are one command away from running on your server. If running apt-get, picking a database password and setting your domain name are too much to ask, it's likely that someone like that might not have the expertise to securely run a web-facing server-side application securely. There's several systems set up to make self-hosting projects easy. It usually involves some behind-the-scenes docker containers with custom scripts and a custom web interface. If you're interested in something like this, try Sandstorm: https://sandstorm.io/ It has a free demo that shows exactly what it can do. It works quite nice, actually. As you might have seen, there is only a limited amount of software packages available on Sandstorm. The trouble comes with dependencies and overhead. Not every project can talk to Postgres (WordPress mostly relies on MySQL), leading to multiple databases running at once unless you go and manually configure addons and config files to make software talk to each other. Software is designed to run well on a specific base system, be it Ubuntu Server with postgres, CentOS with MySQL or Arch with sqlite. To make this easier, large software packages are usually packed into Docker containers. Running multiple Docker containers still requires some effort (you need to specify what persistent data needs to go where) but that's nothing compared to manual installation. It's also a requirement one cannot easily get around, as most people/companies have their own preferred storage paths and data storage requirements for important data (think encrypted databases, separate encrypted disk mounts, etc.). This is tiresome and requires reading up on the relevant documentation, but not difficult. With most of the complexity removed (just ports and paths), you quickly end up running multiple versions of Nginx and Apache at once because every docker container comes with its own web server and its own specific, non-compatible add-ons. This wastes RAM and CPU which could be used to have your services run more smoothly. Most big applications therefore are designed to run best on their own separate hosts to take full advantage of the (virtual) hardware. The article linked is a good example. It is not a manual about writing config stanzas and downloading packages; it's the bare minimum one needs to handle to configure something like Mastodon. The constant boxes are actually against the spirit of the GDPR and it's only a matter of time until they are banned as well. The GDPR requires all tracking to be opt-in and to be completely optional. Blocking access to a page by requiring the users to tick one or more permission boxes is not opt-in. The same is true for many other GDPR permission forms (like Tumblr's) where all uses and parties were/are enabled by default and one needs to disable each one individually. It's a matter of time before one of these big firms gets investigated for these practices and a fine is dropped. Publishers will learn to stick to the rules soon enough. They will probably forward all DNS traffic to their own resolvers by just changing the destination IP of any UDP traffic to port 53. This won't work with DNSSEC or encrypted DNS though. If you run Firefox with the -P command line argument, a profile selection screen comes up in which you can create multiple profiles. These are completely separated (down to the HSTS state!) "accounts". I don't know how MacOS works, but if you set your Firefox shortcut to firefox -P you can switch profiles by restarting Firefox. Granted, it's not as nice as Chrome, but it might still be of worth to you in some way. One of the most common problems in ISP customer support is customers changing their default WiFi password (good) but forgetting it (bad). Then their laptop crashes and they need their replacement laptop to connect to the WiFi. This is also the moment a customer will straight up deny the existence of ethernet cables or claim to have never heard of any Internet-related device that does not use WiFi. To satisfy these customers, you need to be able to either read out the WiFi password or have some way to push a new one. As it's just plain easier to just allow full-on access to the modem GUI for their customer service agents, it's often possible to read any passwords or settings from the help desk.