When I turned 25 I started getting nothing but hard soda ads from YouTube. I don't drink. I went and disabled personalized advertising, and for the first time in years I started seeing ads that tempted me to click through, ads from tech companies about tech. Why the difference? Because YouTube started showing me ads related to the content I'm actually watching rather than based on their faulty neural network profile of me. Obviously this is just one anecdote, but it's illustrative of the point: don't try to advertise either beer or iPhone covers on a car maintenance site. If I'm on a car maintenance site, you know all you need to know about where my interests are at that exact moment. Why try to hijack my attention (difficult when I'm trying to solve a car problem) when you could instead subtly redirect my attention to an ad for a local mechanic? I'm pretty sure they're referring to the end of Roman slavery. Slavery was the foundation of the Roman economy, which wasn't true of Europe's economy again until the colonial period. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_ancient_Rome https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_medieval_Europe It sounds like that was only useful because the language actually had no Boolean type (hence no operations for Boolean types). It doesn't really demonstrate that there is value to a "falsey" 0 in a language that already has a perfectly good value for false. They're commonly used for collecting metrics, such as performance or traffic data. Google has been factoring load times heavily into their search rankings for a while now. While I don't agree with a lot of their priorities, this gives a designer who's so inclined a lot of opportunity for encouraging clients to do the right thing: just show them their site's PageSpeed results, and they'll sober up. Yes, but only as a very small part of a much larger portrait. Cookies, tracking pixels, and browser fingerprinting are much more reliable, especially given that a lot of ISPs don't even assign most of their customers static IPs. Mine changes about once a week. Your Premium subscription gives them the revenue they would have received from the ad you would've watched, but most creators have found that YouTube's monetization is too little and too unreliable to count on. You're paying YouTube far more than the creator, unless you're paying them directly. Does "if it compiles it's bug free" actually work in practice? I've heard a lot of advocates for Haskell and Rust use similar lines to this, but it seems to me like it can only be true for a limited subset of all bugs. Elm's "no runtime errors in production" claim has a more reasonable-sounding scope. Not OP, but I still think that's acceptable. README.md is one of a very small number of places that open source developers can reach their users. Most of the time I only read it once, so if there's an ad there, or a link to their other products, as long as it's not a GIF and they didn't find some way to embed a tracker in README.md, I'm cool with it. It's about as relevant as advertising gets, and it's not coming from a pool of clickbait ads. It's a developer using their open source work to generate interest in the work that pays for it. Oh, I'm not talking about selling ad space. I agree that what Funded did was misguided at best. But what my parent was responding to was the idea of even putting a little ad for a paid product by the same developer or company. If JetBrains, for example, wanted to remind me on the README for Kotlin that they have an IDE that works well with the language, that doesn't offend me. I wouldn't choose mongo for many reasons, but this licensing change isn't one of them. It's in line with the general spirit of the GPL: if you're going to stand on the shoulders of giants, you should allow others to stand on your shoulders. The only major change to the license is in adapting to the rise of cloud services. https://www.mongodb.com/licensing/server-side-public-license... The FAQ for the license change very clearly indicates that your reading is what was intended. Question #4 particularly contains the complete text of the section that was altered, and it's hard to see how they could have left themselves any room to penalize regular users. The assumption here seems to be that all the yard and home space everyone is complaining about is left unused. You may need pubs and coffee shops for socializing in the cities. In the suburbs, people host each other in their homes or yards on a pretty regular basis, at least in my experience. My favorite part of it is the moderators' note at the end: > Moderator's Note > This post is locked to prevent inappropriate edits to its content. The post looks exactly as it is supposed to look - there are no problems with its content. Please do not flag it for our attention. The one context I've seen ML show up as such is when referring to the family as a whole, rather than a specific dialect. I must admit I had the same reaction to this post, and thought that calling it Julia Academy was odd if they were going to teach other languages. To a large extent they already do, albeit unintentionally. We can discuss whether that should be the case in the first place, but Google has been shaping the news industry ever since "Google" became a verb. With that shaping now irreversible, and with shutting down being the only way to stop it from continuing, it certainly seems like the right thing for Google to think seriously about the rewards their engine offers. While Google is definitely prone to abusing their influence, this move seems very reasonable. On the flip side, "code first, then refactor" is only safe if you have tests to confirm the validity of the refactor, and in my experience, a TDD mindset is the only thing that ensures I have thorough tests by the time I need to refactor. That said, it sounds like my version of TDD may be different than a lot of others. The tests I write before coding tend to test real-world logic and requirements, in terms of the domain language, rather than testing implementation. This means I can refactor everything behind that DSL-like facade and my tests give me assurance that I haven't changed the logic. If your tests are at the implementation level, I can see how a TDD approach would impede refactoring and eliminate tinkering. If refactoring the code means rewriting the tests, then your tests aren't protecting you, they're just getting in the way. Not necessarily. Lots of people keep up with changes in their field. People aren't arguing that racism and misogyny are moral, they're arguing that if you allow any censorship at all, then someone must be appointed censor, and you may not agree with that someone. The only way to be sure that your ideas can be freely expressed is to allow everyone, no matter how immoral, to freely express their ideas. I haven't read the book, but I have to challenge the assumption here. That you didn't get anything out of it in an afternoon's sprint through it does not make it "probable" that it's not hiding any deep wisdom. It could mean that, or it could mean that you didn't stop to digest what it was actually saying. And x86 assembler is perfectly capable of expressing pure functions. Such algorithms are still expressed using subroutines, subroutines that save and restore all state to its start state. The question isn't whether a language can express an algorithm, Church and Turing already proved that. The question is whether the language can do so scalably. We want to see nontrivial examples of FP applied to messy, side-effect-laden domains in a way that rivals other representations for clarity and maintainability. I'm not saying that Haskell is as bad at imperative as assembly is at functional, just that being able to accomplish all tasks in a single-paradigm language does not constitute proof that the language is suitable for all tasks. I love FP concepts, and I've enjoyed my experiments with Haskell. What I object to is that FP advocates don't push FP as a valuable addition to a larger toolbox, they push it as a single paradigm to rule them all. For daily work, I prefer a multi-paradigm language that allows me to choose a programming model that matches the domain well. (FWIW, I have the same problem with OOP advocates who try to squeeze everything into a class. Some things are better modeled as pure functions.) I wouldn't go killing important servers if I were you. I'm showing a bill for 950+ hours for a bunch of services that I only have one instance of each. Since that's not possible (there aren't that many hours in a month), and Cost Explorer has the correct numbers, I'm assuming that there's a mistake that's causing double-counting on the billing dashboard. That comes back to the parent's comment about being empowered to fix the issues. The person on call should have power to prevent such calls in the future. This is important for the health of the individual and of the company. Are the people in charge of fixing the underlying issues themselves on call? How about the people producing the changes that cause new issues? If those two groups aren't themselves being woken up when there's a problem, you can reasonably expect that this won't change until the support calls start to directly affect the company's bottom line. This is awesome. I've long felt a nostalgia for the close-knit forums I participated in as a kid. One was a worldwide group centered around an online game (CyberNations), the other was just a group of kids with similar interests in one metro area who met up occasionally. Both were vital for me in coping with feeling like I didn't fit in at all at school. It's great to see that that kind of close, friendly, personal Internet dynamic didn't completely die with Facebook's rise. You're not broken. I've always been the kind of person who's happy to have one to three close friends, and that's it. After getting married, I stopped feeling any need to reach out and try to make new connections. There may be value to the perspectives given by others as to the value of making friends now before the kids grow up, but I just wanted to chime in and reassure you that you're not the only one who feels no need right now. :) That doesn't sound like a very healthy outlook on life. Trading social belonging for productivity is a Faustian deal if I've ever seen one, and a deal likely to lead to burnout and depression. If socializing leaves you ridden with guilt for lost productivity, I'd recommend a paradigm shift. Very interesting numbers. Of those men who indicated that it was difficult to find friends, 26% responded that the reason was that they didn't feel that they needed friends. Only 14% of women responded the same. (Page 43) Others have commented that the gender gap in having no friends is much smaller then the headline implies, and this difference may account for a good chunk of it. Bored and lonely are two very different things. "It's okay to be bored" is about disconnecting from the constant feed of entertainment and information, not about isolating yourself from other human beings. Supports maybe, but doesn't encourage or promote them. The money is in the endless news feed from your 300+ acquaintances, not in quiet, thoughtful conversation between a group of close friends. My wife and I listened to and got a lot out of the Great Course "Scientific Secrets for Raising Kids who Thrive". He cites studies for all his tips, and is very careful about recommending only things that have been thoroughly researched, with replication. https://www.amazon.com/Scientific-Secrets-Raising-Kids-Thriv... The best source I've found for reviewing these is Khan Academy. Their courses are more thorough and accurate than most high schools teach them, and they have all subjects you list. The parent comment doesn't say the non-technical people wrote the scripts, but that they were shown the scripts. Think of it this way: Writing iambic pentameter is hard. Without practice, you're almost certainly going to get the meter wrong at some point. However, reading it is easy, because it's just English. The same can be true for scripts. You don't need to be able to have business people write them, but it's nice (and in some domains critical) to be able to have them read and validate them. >Plus, he said previous studies have shown people don’t spend the money on frivolous things. Serious question that I've had for a while: how can anyone actually say this about money, in any domain? It seems like because money is fungible, it would be useless to try to say where a particular $500 went unless it was the only money the participants spent that month. How does research like this account for that? We actually have one of these, and it's absolutely brilliant. It's been in constant use since my father-in-law was growing up, and yet it still works flawlessly. I've never burnt a piece of toast with it. It's kinda depressing that today our toasters are less useful and stop working 10x sooner. If we all waited until we could universally eliminate an unethical behavior before we stopped participating in it ourselves, the behavior would never die. CVS has chosen to stop contributing to a problem, and the behavior of other businesses has no bearing on whether they did the right thing. This doesn't help the concern from enterprise users that they don't want their self-hosted software to phone home, ever. Not according to the EU: > “Freely given” consent essentially means you have not cornered the data subject into agreeing to you using their data. For one thing, that means you cannot require consent to data processing as a condition of using the service. They need to be able to say no. According to Recital 42, “Consent should not be regarded as freely given if the data subject has no genuine or free choice or is unable to refuse or withdraw consent without detriment.” https://gdpr.eu/gdpr-consent-requirements/ "Not yet" is small comfort. To clarify your clarification, a quote from that issue: > We are not adding Pendo or Snowplow JS snippets to self-hosted versions at this time. We are carefully considering the appropriate opt-out functionality for telemetry that will work best for our customers, and we will clearly communicate to those customers when any change is made. In other words, it's not that self-hosted will not be affected, it's that self-hosted will not be affected yet . That's an important distinction. To clarify: self-hosted EE users will not be affected yet. The issue implies that they will be affected at some point. Can you provide a source or an alternative point of origin for Sparta's importance? You've stated categorically that the parent is misinformed, but provided no information to back it up. I'd argue that the mythology surrounding Thermopylae is the result of the mythology surrounding Sparta, rather than the other way around. Objectively, Thermopylae was an abject defeat (even by Herodotus's account) that didn't do anything to save Greece from Persia conquering basically everything. The only reason it's more than a historical footnote is because of the Spartan legend. Any idea why http://neverssl.com redirects to http://{random_characters}.neverssl.com ? Isn't it more likely that the author chose Facebook, Google, and Twitter not because they're left-leaning, but because their traffic is vastly more significant than The Federalist? The three are all top-50 sites globally. The Federalist doesn't even make it into the top 10k. It's pretty rational to focus more on the sites that have the most traffic when discussing bias, isn't it? The author does: > ... although it can be leveraged against big tech companies that are biased in favor of liberals, this line of argument also has implications that conservatives may less readily welcome. For instance, it means that how rich people use their money to promote their ideas may also be a problem, insofar as it distorts the marketplace of ideas. The principle he's arguing is that when an organization that has a de facto monopoly on a type of information stream (search, microblogging, and social circle media) uses that monopoly to favor one political viewpoint, that is harmful to society because it "distorts the marketplace of ideas" by preventing equal access to said marketplace. The Federalist is not in this position. For every conservative magazine like The Federalist, there's a liberal one like Mother Jones. This is the "marketplace of ideas" that the author refers to in action, not a distortion of it. So the author is, in fact, arguing from principle, just not the principle you're using. The reason why I get fatigued when people bring up race and try to make sweeping national changes is that I see it as counterproductive. Until we stop dividing people into classes based on race these problems are going to persist. Efforts that set out to bring about "racial justice" actually compound the problem by reinforcing the idea that these artificial divisions have any meaning at all. The goal should not be a racially equal country, the goal should be a country where people don't think about race any more. By all means, let's work to lift the poor out of poverty and bring justice to the prison system. But let's do it because they are poor and because it is right, not because of the color of their skin. Like it or not, NL queries are exactly what most internet users want. Without them, any search engine is doomed to remain a niche product used exclusively by the very privacy-conscious. That may have been what search engines were for, but Google changed that. Very few people have the patience any more to try multiple queries to get an answer. When DDG fails, as it inevitably does, I don't spend time refining my query: I repeat the search on Google and get my answer. In the original Twitter thread, Google stole ownership of a pre-existing side project when the maintainer filed for approval. That's evil. It may not have been a personal evil, but bureaucratic evil is very real.