I have been using RimuHosting for my own projects and for customers for test deployments for years - so far I have had good experiences with them. They did complain once that I was using too much CPU, but I checked, and found problems (my fault) with a Merb deployment). Use the Apache Benchmark "ab" program, and measure the number of requests per second for your application. It is number of requests per second that should interest you. If you do not have ab installed, try: sudo apt-get install apache2-utils then: man ab I would try to build something like clusty.com, except I would try to identify themes in user search requests and track these for each user over time, using click throughs per user to keep search results on theme. I can't agree with him about organic food health benefits. When you eat industrially raised food (oil based fertilizer) you get a smaller spectrum of minerals, etc. And, as my young grandson once said: "why would anyone want to eat food with bug spray on it?" That said, it is a matter of free choice - my wife and I gladly pay slightly higher prices for locally grown organic food. If not organic, we then at least favor locally grown food. SOAP is so 20th century :-) Seriously, a long time ago I implemented SOAP for a commercial J2EE product, and used SOAP, but I don't use it anymore. Good riddance - REST style is easier to support and use. I just wrote a book for APress on Web 3.0, and my pitch was that it is more about publishing and reusing data. That is good! I like the bit about unselfish writing. I tr to do that but can't always pull it off. A subjective rant: I tried to get into Python about 5 years ago - worked through 'Dive Into Python' and used it for several projects. Once I tried Ruby for a few projects, I never looked back: I now only use Python when I need a library that is only available for Python. So, try both for a few small projects and take your pick. BTW, I think that being proficient in just one scripting language is enough. I split my work time between Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java - perhaps not an optimum choice, but flexible enough for most problems that I need to solve. AppEngine is pretty much awesome when you want to reduce web portal hosting costs. I am rewriting/augmenting a Rails web app in JRuby + Sinatra + DataMapper so it will run well on either Java AppEngine or one of my own servers using (C)Ruby. If my project gets a lot of users I would like to keep my costs down. (I usually deploy to Amazon AWS, but if you can live within the AppEngine restrictions, then AppEngine is even cheaper than Amazon.) The ability of receiving email sounds good, but I usually only use this for new account verification - with AppEngine you can just use Google accounts. I tried to convince one customer to use Heroku, and we did for a while, but they ended up paying big $$ to RackSpace. Considering increased admin/engineering time, I have little doubt that they would have been better off paying $500/month to Heroku, rather than RackSpace. Another customer wanted to use Heroku, but we ended up building our own system using multiple EC2s - again, long term the hosting costs will be much less, but the admin/engineering costs especially during development were a large expense. For my own web portal project? I am using AppEngine (code in JRuby+datamapper+Sinara, but I am considering a rewrite in Java because of the superior tool support). I have a small Myers Parrot - he is most of the time pretty cool, although he occasionally de-evolves into a miniature raptor. I usually work out of my home office, and he is usually happy enough sitting on my shoulder while I work. Parrots are not low maintenance though, requiring lots of attention. I took yesterday afternoon off work and my wife and I took my parrot to a local park (Sedona Red Rock Crossing - google it, then click images, you will be glad you did :-) Anyway, my bird was so happy getting a ride in the car (he loves the car) and a few hours in the park, that he will be a "good boy" for a day or two. The point of this little story is: parrots are good pets if you give them lots of attention and don't let them get too bored (they are reasonably intelligent). Use ice and ibuprofen to reduce swelling - once swelling is reduced, things get better. (At least this was my experience.) Bing is not so awful. Actually, I like Bing better than I thought I would; for one thing, the background pictures :-) Also Microsoft is very generous with providing free REST style search and spelling APIs (it took about 2 minutes to write a Ruby client, which I posted here http://markwatson.com/blog/2009/06/ruby-client-for-search-an... ) I am pretty much "anti Microsoft", but I try to not be dogmatic about it :-) I used C++ when I worked on game AI and a few Nintendo U64 games, also for some virtual reality stuff for Disney and SAIC. Right choice for the games, in retrospect probably not for VR. C++ is fine when you need high performance and can live with more expensive development. I wrote this - a little out of date, but hopefully a good and short introduction. What was fun about writing this book was that many Lisp heavy hitters helped out with ideas and corrections. BTW, I am working on another Lisp book, specific to Franz AllegroGraph (RDF, SPARQL, etc.) I plan on releasing a free PDF, with a print book also available. Very cool explanation :-) I have several little writing projects that I distribute, but I chose the Creative Commons 'no commercial use, no derivatives' license because that was what I felt good with. People who create stuff have the right to choose the license. I just had an Apress book published, and the contract gives APress the distribution rights - fine with me since they effectively paid me to write the book: their advances allowed me to have a really good time and spend most of my time writing for 4 months. (I enjoy consulting, but writing is even more fun.) Thanks! You may be over generalizing. I think that it depends a lot on the client. For clients who often try to get more work for their money, I agree. Good clients will offer a little more money for small change orders. And, all that said, this is why I most enjoy working on a time and materials basis. Hello dwiel, I did something sort-of like this about 12 years ago. My wife and I sold our house in San Diego and moved to the mountains in Central Arizona. Definitely lower cost of living. We bought a small, very well insulated house, and except for travel (for fun) and health insurance, our living expenses are very low. We find our fun in hanging with friends, cooking, hiking, etc. Living away from large cities == great life style. Highly recommended. I have to admit that I find more value in just using RDF and RDFS, along with simple to install and admin RDF data stores like Sesame, and perhaps Redland (nice, but does not fully support RDFS inferencing). Something that works for me is always keeping Sesame running (and OpenCyc, but mostly for learning/experimenting - I have never done anything practical with OpenCyc, after years of playing with it) on a server on my LAN at home. If you always have a RDF data store available, then it is easier to use it as an alternative to a relational database, if that is appropriate for a project. Anyway, I like "semantic web 'light'" :-) I spent 2 ours this morning playing with RDS - not really a waste of time since I deploy most of my customer's projects to EC2, etc. Sort-of kicking the tires. Anyway, it is easy to use, and not having to deal yourself with failure recover, managing a EBS volume if you run MySQL yourself, etc. makes it look like a good service once it comes out of beta. A few things: right now, you can't pay a reservation fee to get the really cheap EC2 rates. (Basically RDS is a managed-for-your EC2+EBS.) Also, it would be great if they also support PostgreSQL. I don't really agree with you unless you work for a very large company that has an economy of scale. Think you can compete with AppEngine for cost per computation/bandwidth/storage? Developing for AppEngine is a bit restrictive, and Amazon provides much more flexibility for not too much more money for computation/bandwidth/storage. Also, Amazon associated services like S3 and SimpleDB really are inexpensive for what you get. I used to base my consulting business on deploying customer aps to VPSs or cheap servers. I think that Amazon and Google AppEngine are the future. Well, I think this white paper goes a little overboard, but I might point some customers and potential customers to this PDF anyway. I love Ruby as a language (I have gone from roughly 50% Common Lisp, 50% Java to using Ruby for about 1/2 my projects - all in a 3 year time period). Just a matter of letting go of the desire for great runtime performance :-) My older brother taught me to play when I was 8 years old (a long time ago!) - now I can give him a 9 stone handicap :-) Once, in the late 70s, I got to play the womens world champion when she was in San Diego - awesome experience. Go is a beautiful game, but not for everyone. This looks good, but I have not tried installing and running it. Something similar I have spend some time playing with (no real projects with it yet, though): gem install cassandra cassandra_helper cassandra This installs all of the Java libs required to run Cassandra and provides a nice Ruby client. If I have to use a word processor, then I use Pages for OS X. The full screen mode is nice, and it seems more responsive that OO or Office. IMO, best is LaTex, but some collaborators, publishers, and customers don't like it. The advantage of LaTex is that you can spend more time writing and less time worrying about styling and formatting. I don't think that I have ever seen their web site down, but in the last 3 months (or so), a few times my robots stopped getting event notifications for brief periods of time. But, hey, the system is in beta. I'm pretty much enthusiastic about Wave: I'm writing a DevX article right now on Wave robot programming, and I have a business idea using the Wave platform that I want to try out. That is a strong statement, and not true for everyone, so I would vote for it not being necessary to know Java. Until about 3 years ago, I used Common Lisp and Java each roughly 40% in my work (I still think that if you search for "Java consultant" I am the number 1 Google hit :-) However, after I started using Ruby, I have transitioned to using Ruby for most of my work. Ruby is great because it provides most of the advantages of Lisp except for the fantastic run time performance (natively compiled Common Lisp is fast!). However, for many (at least web) applications, bottlenecks tend to be stuff like session handling across multiple servers, database access, dealing with network partitioning and server failure, etc. One problem with Lisp is the lack of a super rich ecology of libraries. Lots of great stuff is available for Lisp, but still weak compared to Ruby, Java, Python, etc. I'm rewriting a customers app right now because we learned what we needed to learn with a small Common Lisp prototype, and are now doing a hopefully final Ruby + Rails rich UI web portal (it is so much easier to write a rich web UI in Rails that in Lisp-based alternatives). I would advise concentrating on one language and platform, and only spend perhaps 5 to 10 hours a week (an evening and some weekend time) learning new languages and frameworks. BTW, feel free to substitute Python for Ruby, in my advice to your students - pick a primary language based on which you enjoy using the most. Also, Java as your primary language is fine also, if that suits you. I've had a difficult time getting into either Clojure or Scala - bought a book on each, and had fun playing, but neither language felt great to me. I am stuck on (J)Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java when I need it. BTW, Kenny is about as close to a "pure Common Lisp" purist as you can get. I worked with him for about half a year - cool guy,and very much focused on Lisp. Amazon gave me the equivalent of 10,000 free hours on a small EC2 instance when I was working on my last book. I used a few hours of this to prepare a custom AMI with all of the examples in my book set up with Ubuntu and all required infrastructure. I'll be able to keep updated book example AMIs in S3 forever now without it costing me any money out of pocket. I also used some of this free time to do a 4 day machine learning run on all current English Wikipedia articles. I will always create an AMI for all of my future books - awesome for readers to be able to have everything all set up. Also, they can clone my AMI, and have a fast start to deploying anything in my book that they want to use for their own projects. For Amazon, this seems like viral marketing at its best :-) I think that it was very savvy of Amazon to do this because I ended up writing a lot of material in the book on using Amazon AWS (Elastic MapReduce, S3, etc.). I now spend lots of time experimenting and blogging about AWS, and I ask my customers to host on AWS because I am now so used to using it. I used to host customer work on VPSs or cheap dedicated servers, but now Amazon is definitely my deployment platform first choice and recommendation. (BTW, I host some of my own stuff on AppEngine because it is even cheaper, but the extra effort of dealing with AppEngine makes it not as attractive for customer projects.) If most app time is spent in database calls, or network, etc., then Ruby and JRuby are definitely fast enough. For some work, the order of magnitude faster performance of natively compiled Lisp, or Java is required, and in those few cases, I will not use Ruby. That was a good writeup. I use screen so often, that I don't think much about it, so this article was a good refresher. A little off topic, but: I should spend about 5% of the time I devote to exploring new programming languages to revisiting command shortcuts, etc. for tools like Emacs, Idea, Rubymine, Eclipse, etc. A few days ago, I set up Emacs for Rails development (involved learning a bunch of new keyboard shortcuts) - now depending on what aspects of a project I am working on, I use either Rubymine or Emacs (or TextMate if I have my MacBook booted to OS X) Fairly good search results, except for one thing: it seemed to me that the highest ranked results tended to be "aggregation sites" that contain links to the original material. I prefer to be pointed to the original sites. This comment is based on only 5 minutes of experimenting, but is hopefully fair. No. However, I am more optimistic than I was a year ago. I think that here in the USA our economy will (hopefully, slowly) settle downwards over the next decade - I don't think it will fall off a cliff. Slow adjustments are good because people have a chance to adjust their lifestyles and expectations. My wife and I don't buy anything on credit, including property, cars, etc. We save first, then buy - a smart way to live (I think) because it avoids a life time of making interest payments at the small cost of having to wait a while before making large purchases. Having a modest life style also helps :-) It seems like most of our whole country has gone crazy living on credit. There are a few technical bloggers I follow that I might watch a few 'at work' screencasts. However, I think I prefer the polished type of screencast where, for example, someone shows good use of Emacs + Slime working with a remote server (just an example :-) This is more complicated than you may think. For example, if you live in the USA, how do you estimate the dollar's fall in value over the next 10 to 20 years? Also, here in the USA, our government (for very good reasons) underestimates inflation. In the last decade, stuff like the cost of food, medical expenses, and housing have been removed or diminished in the inflation rate calculations. Stuff like the drop in consumer electronics is factored into this calculation with a strong weighting factor. Nice writeup. I also spent a few hours kicking the tires of RDS the first day it was released. I use Amazon AWS a lot for both customer work and my own projects. The two things I most want to see are continued improvements to cloud watch and better proxy support for failover. blank - clean screen, clean mind :-) Thanks rbanffy - that is my read of the AGPL also. I suppose that if there were a problem, then MongoDB would not be as popular :-) I haven't yet used Rackspace cloud services, but from reading the documentation, I do like that they integrate a persistent file system with compute units (whatever they call them). Compare with EC2 and separate EBS volumes: I used to spend a lot of time with EC2 deployments dealing with attaching EBS volumes, then starting services that required the EBS volumes (though I finally got this down pat). S3 is fairly much awesome. Has anyone here ever lost data in S3 (not counting human/admin errors)? I've twice had issues with EBS volumes, but never with S3. Also, at least for my applications, S3 is so cheap. Anyway, I may get bit by this someday, but I infrequently back up what I keep in S3. Well, I liked the article - I have worked through the real world haskell book just enough to sort-of understand this article :-) That said, I gave up on Haskell. I spend a lot of time semi-learning languages because it is fun. But, for practicality, I really concentrate on knowing just Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java very well. Striking a good balance between practicality and having fun is not so easy to do. My antivirus is that I usually boot my MacBook to Ubuntu. For both Ubuntu and OS X I stay up to date with security updates. And hope for the best. Sorry if this is off topic because it is a command line solution: zip -9 -r -e foo.zip foo/ The -e argument will cause zip to ask for a password. That said, I usually create a normal ZIP file, then use GPG to encrypt it and make sure clients have my public key. I use Hadoop with custom map/reduce apps, but I am just experimenting a little with Pig, and playing with Hive is on my to-do list. I may change my mind on this, but I find the map/reduce model to be easy to work with, and development/debugging is fairly quick and easy running a single development Hadoop node. BTW, I don't view Hadoop as only being useful for very large datasets. It seems reasonable to build automated Hadoop processing into a new application that has smaller data size requirements. You don't give up much in performance, and the extra development time is reasonable. Then you have lots of flexibility for scaling up. Also, if you only have sporadic needs to process large data sets, using Elastic MapReduce is very cost effective. I have been an independent consultant for 12 years. I have a master services agreement/NDA that has slowly evolved over time, often adding something to get a gig. Feel free to use mine ( http://markwatson.com/consulting/nda.htm ) but if you improve it, please share your changes back with me. After just re-reading my own doc, it is probably too long. It used to be about half this length. You make a very good point: definitely cross out and initial parts of a customer's agreement that you are uncomfortable with. Once I had the president of a company (new client) tell me how much he appreciated me haggling a bit. This guy was a lawyer and told me he was surprised by how often people just sign stuff. Anyway, his telling me this after the fact made me feel much better about haggling in the future. Just an opinion, but my wife and I both like Heifer Project, and I also like afsc.org/ Nice writeup. My current favorite is MongoDB (I blogged a few days ago on an easy way to index and search text in MongoDB docs), but I still also use CouchDB (and covered CouchDB in my last APress book). I have played a little with Tokyo Cabinet/Tyrant but find it a little too 'low level' - would probably be great if you only need a fast hash. Cassandra is also worth a good look: if you are a Ruby developer, the Cassandra gem can auto-install all of Cassandra and manage it for you - very elegant, really. I admit that one reason I like MongoDB is that it is so simple to use, and the documentation is good.