Do what WordPress.com does - only show ads to people who come in from search engines AND don't have a "I've been to WordPress.com before" cookie. That way your regular users will never see an ad, but the people most likely to click on ads (external visitors in "search mode") will. Make sure your regulars know that this is going on though, or they may feel you are being dishonest with them. My impression was that they moved to asp.net when they were having scaling problems and Microsoft promised them free consulting to solve those problems... provided they switched to .NET. For me it's all down to philosophy. Prototype adds a bunch of global variables and extends loads of built-in ojbects. That's fine, unless you ever want to include code that has a different idea about how any of those extensionss should work (like mooTools, which I also avoid on philosophical grounds). jQuery adds just one global variable (called jQuery) along with a revertible alias (the $ symbol). That pretty much guarantees jQuery will work flawlessly with any other code. Read Cal Henderson's book "Building Scalable Web Sites". The JavaScript you described exists - it's called dojox.comet, and it looks like this: dojox.cometd.init(' http://example.com/cometd' ); dojox.cometd.subscribe('/channel', callback); That's basically what you described, but with the additional concept of "channels" to make it easy to support lots of different event streams. I wrote more about this here: http://simonwillison.net/2007/Dec/5/comet/ I disagree: just like Ajax, Comet is a very necessary buzzword. The technology behind Comet existed for years before the term "Comet" was coined, but very few developers were aware of it because there wasn't a good term for it. The same is true of Ajax. In fact, Comet was coined precisely because the term "Ajax" had had such a large influence on adoption of the underlying technology. Vocabulary is important. I've implemented it, and I use it on a handful of sites that support it (various blogs, Highrise, BlinkSale). Looks nice. Dumb feature request: how about custom subdomains? http://subject.linkherd.com/ suggests more of a standalone community than linkherd.com/subject . I've used wildcard DNS for this kind of thing in the past (e.g. simon.idproxy.net ) OpenID support would be nice too ;) Having links like /django/78/up/ is a CSRF attack just waiting to happen - you should turn them in to POST forms (preferably with some unobtrusive Ajax) and add a form key to prevent people from tricking other logged in users in to up-voting stories. Form tokens are more robust - some people strip referrers (sometimes even at the firewall level) to prevent information leakage from their corporate intranets. "Didn't seem very modular, you can only use the Django ORM and templating engine." Very common misunderstanding. You can use Django with SQLAlchemy (I have done in the past). You can use Django with Genshi, or Cheetah, or whatever template engine you like (I would strongly recommend using something like Genshi for outputting XML). It's usually better to stick with the Django ORM though as it will let you use many of the excellent extension applications for Django (such as django-mptt, django-tagging or the Django admin package). The same is not true for the Django template system - replacing it with something else has no disadvantages at all that I can think of. "Just because it's included doesn't mean you have to use it" sounds like a pretty good argument to me. The Python standard library has hundreds of modules that most people never touch, but no one complains that it's too heavyweight. Django tries to take the same "batteries included" philosophy. Where do you live? I know plenty of places in the UK (especially London) that are hiring... Client-side encryption wouldn't protect you against that site turning evil and deciding to steal your passwords - they'd just have to change their code to decrypt your passwords and then post them back to the server. I don't see your point. If I steal the password for your e-mail somehow, I can access your inbox (through webmail or POP or whatever) and then use "I forgot my password" on sites you use to steal your accounts there. If you use webmail and don't delete your e-mail I can search through your inbox to figure out what those sites are. Seems like a pretty serious single point of failure to me. OpenID is not a replacement for your users table. The first time someone logs in with an OpenID you haven't seen before, there's nothing to stop you from asking them for their e-mail address (you can even send them a challenge e-mail if you want to be sure). All OpenID really does is provides your users with an alternative to setting up Yet Another username and password just for your site. It also lets people opt-in to correlate their accounts across multiple services, which is useful for both you and for them. If OpenID meant giving up the user database (the crown jewels of any site) it wouldn't have a chance of being adopted by anyone. jQuery. I don't need classes and inheritance (I use closures for pretty much everything you would use a class for, and on the occasions that I do need either classes or inheritance it really isn't that much trouble to roll them from scratch) and philosophically I much prefer jQuery's approach of only adding one global symbol to my namespace v.s. Prototype adding global symbols all over the place. This isn't new - it's probably Wikipedia's best kept secret though. It first got saved to del.icio.us in November 2006: http://del.icio.us/url/08d335d4c1d2f491cc70e1bf61e5d880 My least favourite phrase in the English language has to be "they must have too much time on their hands" in response to something creative but niche (re-creating Star Wars in animated ASCII art, for example). My usual response these days is "at least they weren't just watching TV". Extension-less URLs are great, but I'm not a fan of content negotiation. I like to be able to copy and paste a URL to someone and know that they are going to retrieve the same piece of content as I did. I don't like language negotiation for the same reason - if someone finds a typo on my French language site and sends me a link to the page but I see it in English I won't know what they're talking about. Seconded - really excellent podcast, also a great way of catching up on what's happened in the past week. That article says nothing of the sort - it says that the designers and IAs (who are presumably the people who build the site "templates") hand code their markup, but it makes no claims about the content producers who are actually posting up stories on a day-to-day basis. They certainly use a CMS, but there's no indication of whether they author in HTML, use some kind of WYSIWYG interface or use some other form of markup. In my experience, the thing people have most trouble with using Subversion is moving directories around. They expect to be able to open up the Finder (on OS X) and drag a folder somewhere else - but doing so without using "svn move" results in massive confusion later on as the hidden .svn directory gets moved at the same time, breaking things. Many (all?) distributed systems solve this issue by keeping repository metadata in one place at the root of the project rather than spreading it around in lots of .svn folders. Twitter has been mostly not Rails for a very long time. You can't build a service like Twitter on top of a traditional relational database stack, so much of their infrastructure is based around custom message queue stuff. Oddly enough Django was actually originally written as an easy abstraction layer around mod_python - partly so we didn't have to work with the low-leveal mod_python constructs, but mostly because back in 2003 we weren't 100% sure mod_python would work for us, and having an abstraction layer would make it easy to move to something else if we needed to (this was before WSGI as well). It's a significantly better programming language; I don't think you'll be able to find anyone who knows both PHP and Python and will disagree with that statement. PHP is a very simple language with built-in features for web application development. Python is an advanced, multi-paradigm general purpose language that has evolved over more than a decade. Here are a few Python language features that I seriously miss when I'm working in PHP: - Modules and namespaces! This is the feature that initially drove me away from PHP. - List comprehensions (let you construct a new list based on an old list in a one-liner) - Built in iterator support (easy "for item in collection" support for many different types of collection) - First class functions and closures (so you can treat your functions as data) Those are just four off the top of my head. If you haven't looked at Python before (but already know how to program) I suggest taking a look at http://diveintopython.org/ which is a free online book. It's a fine backend language for a small to medium sized website, but you need to be aware that at a certain size (in terms of complexity of the application you are building) you'll often find yourself fighting against the language. That's not to say you can't build large applications in PHP, just that you need a great deal of discipline to do so. You'll either need to adopt one of the MVC frameworks (Symfony for example) or roll your own. A lot of the features in the framework you chose will be workarounds for limitations in PHP itself (such as its lack of decent namespacing and poorly designed database access primitives). No, but if you're using Python or Ruby at least you won't need framework features that work around problems with your core language. My point about using a framework wasn't to knock PHP; it was more a piece of advice - "if you do use it, you'll need to be aware of this". Quoting myself: "That's not to say you can't build large applications in PHP, just that you need a great deal of discipline to do so." I can't imagine there's a noticeable speed difference between the two, but .end() is more about avoiding code duplication than speeding things up. If you don't like it, you can use a variable instead: var entries = $('div.entry').css('border', '1px solid black'); entries.find('a').css('color', 'red'); entries.find('p').addClass('p-inside-entry'); I was initially pretty skeptical about chaining - I didn't find it easy to read, and I was worried that it would mean bugs in the middle of a chain were hard to spot. In practice I've found that these concerns were unfounded - chaining is perfectly readable once you get used to it (provided you don't go too crazy) and it's trivial to split a chain in to separate chunks if you need to debug it. jQuery maintains a stack of previously selected collections of elements and adds to it every time you call a method that modifies the current selection in some way; calling .end() simply pops the stack back to the previous stored collection. I haven't seen anything that says that's the library they use for Gmail - I got the impression it was a brand new library produced as part of the Doctype project (partly for educational purposes). Got a link to back that statement up? That site has one of the most misleading names on the Web - it has nothing to do with the W3C. That feature has been in Dojo for years - in fact I'd be very surprised if Google's implementation wasn't directly inspired by Dojo's. I think you missed the point of the comparison. One of the reasons C++ took off was that it was deliberately compatible with C (the dominant language at the time), so you didn't have to discard your existing C code and could ramp up from your existing skills. Likewise, today the dominant language is Java, and Scala compiles down to Java bytecode and allows you to continue to use your existing Java libraries. To my knowledge Erlang doesn't have these capabilities. Huge, epic fail. I work with some extremely smart developers. When ever a task involving SOAP comes up, faces drop around the room. RESTful APIs (be they XML or JSON, the latter often preferable) are far, far easier to consume. I don't have a link, but I remember hearing Jeff Barr from Amazon Web Services claim that the services they provided in both REST and SOAP saw an order of magnitude traffic to the REST interface. "SOAP stacks will automatically parse that 2-3 digit number into the correct data type for the platform/language you are using." JSON stacks not only do that, but they do it better because the set of available data structures in JSON is constrained to a sensible subset - you don't end up having to replicate complex classes in multiple different languages just to get a chunk of data from one place to another. Has anyone in the history of computing ever really taken advantage of the "transport layer agnostic" aspect of SOAP? I'd be a bit scared of using Erlang for crawling since the actual text processing capabilities of the language are pretty weak. Crawling seems like the kind of thing where you'd want a message queue style system (potentially written in Erlang) that co-ordinates plenty of individual crawling processes written in a language better suited for text handling. Some languages and platforms are designed with scalability in mind. Erlang forces you to write code in terms of message passing between shared-nothing processes, which means that when you need to scale to multiple cores / machines your code is already designed to do so. Google AppEngine severely restricts the kind of operations you can perform (no File I/O, a persistence engine that doesn't even support aggregate queries) which means that you are forced to design your application in a way that scales. http://djangogigs.com/ currently lists 90 jobs in the US and 34 in the UK. There's nothing new about depending on external parties - if your site hosts ads (or uses an external stats service) you're already running code hosted elsewhere, so you should probably be comfortable linking through to Google (I trust them a lot more than most ad networks). The question is always "do I trust this provider not to screw me over" - Google's developer network stuff HAS to be trustworthy or they'll lose the hearts and minds they've been cultivating overnight. As for your app becoming reliant on Google's version of the framework, you can always download the JS file they've been serving and host it yourself. You can't get locked in that way. I don't think you need an ETag if you're serving a Last-Modified. Aah I understand where you're coming from. I would be amazed if Google made changes to the libraries they are serving up (since it would undermine the entire concept of the hosting service). Because it massively violated user expectations of privacy on the web? Why doesn't it add security? It means the password isn't being transmitted in cleartext (it's using an irreversible hash). For the record, Yahoo! use that exact technique on their login page (though I'm not sure why as it's served over https). UPDATE: I see from a post further down that you're talking about re-writing the JavaScript in transit. Fair point. Yup. mod_wsgi is written by one of the core mod_python maintainers and is essentially a much more modern take on the whole problem of running Python code within Apache. It's powerful, flexible, easy to configure and it even works well with shared hosting (you can give each user their own process group which restarts when they "touch" a file in their home directory). I'm a total convert. "So digg was supposed to jump on this problem and not worry about anything else apparently." Quite frankly, yes they should. If you have an XSS hole in your web application your other user-facing security measures are worthless. If you're a social application of any sort it's even worse; you're just asking to be hit by a worm. XSS is a Big Deal. XSS holes also really easy to find, so if a security researcher spots one it's not unlikely that a Bad Guy will find them as well. Here's how to safely output a variable in PHP: Here's how to do the same thing in Django: {{ name }} That's the thing that bugs me most about PHP: it's not even a productive templating language!