A bit of a different perspective to some of what Joel wrote. http://positivesharing.com/2006/07/why-the-customer-is-always-right-results-in-bad-customer-service) Apparently not even if you post it three times! I'm extremely excited about this site. Startup stuff has always been by far my biggest interest in Reddit since it launched. As Reddit has grown my interest has faded considerably. Long live YC News! This has got to make PG nervous. How many people's life is he affecting? :-) He's definitely had an impact on my priorities in a very big and positive way. I hope everyone who makes changes based on his inspiration and motivation does it with a clear head and can take responsiblity for the decision and outcome. That movie is really great -- the title is perfect. I think it's basically a lesson in what not to do. Two non-hackers start a company and skip the make-a-great-product stage completely. Watching them it feels like borderline fraud. -- I bought Spolsky's "Aardvark" documentary and enjoyed it a lot, but I wish it had more YC in it. I wish YC funded two guys to make a documentary about YC. If the guys were good at it maybe they could create a product around that. Maybe something that makes it easy for "normal" people to make documentaries. "At the last YC dinner Joe Krauss talked about..." Okay, that's just not fair. Paul Graham _AND_ Joe Kraus? That's like cheating. How much do I have to pay to have these dinners recorded and published on Google Video? I can't be alone in being willing to pay. (Yeah..I know this is one of the big features of YC so probably not willing to allow recording...*sigh*) Definitely search. I use reddit's search feature all the time to find old articles. Brad is definitely my biggest technical role model by far. A completely open source stack: Linux, Perl (Apache mod_perl), MySQL. Besides creating LiveJournal he created Memcached, Perlbal, MogileFS, and OpenID which power some of the biggest sites (even competitors which he is happy about). He probably holds the record for scaling on the cheap. He's also unbelievably steadfast in doing right by his users. He has lost a lot of control since selling to SixApart, but he's still working hard. His blog is super great reading for wanna-be's like me: http://brad.livejournal.com/ The way he tackles technical issues is inspiring as hell, he says "there should be X" and then hammers away non-stop until it exists. MySpace's success came in spite of their technology, not because of it. There's nothing technical at MySpace worthy of emulation. A real technology startup could have done much better. Fox is short-sighted, non-technical, and greedy. They had to buy a start-up for over half a billion dollars precisely because they can't develop software themselves. Some other company just needs to harness the third party sites and build a the big ecosystem MySpace is neglecting to build. Google, Amazon, LiveJournal, SixApart, Flickr, YouTube, Craigslist. Most any company who has had highly technical top brass. MySpace was created by suits, that's why it runs on Windows and cost many millions more than it should. A full-time startup project might mean 12+ hours a day. In that scenario it doesn't really hurt to spend the first few hours "getting in the zone" or "wasting time". If you only have a 3 hour slot then a couple non-productive hours can be crippling. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brad_Fitzpatrick I love this type of startup. It's the definition of doing "one thing well". I think there's room for thousands of "utility features" like this. No single company can possibly do more than a few of them well, which leaves a lot of room for the small development teams to pick one and own it. Joe Kraus calls vertical search "top down" entrepreneurship: http://www.ikiw.org/2006/09/18/a-conversation-with-joe-kraus-co-founder-and-ceo-of-jotspot/ These guys appear to be scratching their own itch, so I think they have a shot at least. Patents offer an illusion of protection -- their only real value is in boosting one's valuation. I think most technical barriers are an illusion too. It's ridiculously hard to create something new that actually works for users, but it's almost always trivial to clone something that exists. Sites with no competitive technical barriers: YouTube/Flickr/MySpace/Digg/Reddit/Blogger/Slashdot/IMDB, etc. Look how quickly video sites sprang up once YouTube showed us how to do it well. And despite the flood of more technically advanced clones, no one is making a dent in YouTube's traffic. I think it's a no-brainer to add Google Analytics to any site. I also have my own set of little analytics instrumentation for monitoring extremely specific behavior in real-time. '...Gates just meant "improving" when he said "optimizing".' I think that's the case. Anyone know if there is a video/mp3/text version of that talk? We seriously need a law requiring that all PG talks be televised and made publicly accessible. This information wants to be free even more than other information. I think "suits" like Guy Kawasaki and Seth Godin are hackers-in-wolves clothing. That's why I find their opinions interesting. This is a great list. Thank you. I think it's more the vision than just the idea that matters. Superficially understanding an idea and really "getting it" is different. In the end you're protected from most people by their own lack of knowledge, skepticism, small thinking, etc. The people who are smart enough to steal your idea, in a way that would be competitive, probably have their own ideas or would be willing to work together. Craigslist uses MySQL FULLTEXT indexing, so it definitely "scales". For all my big-time searching needs I use Xapian. Sure they do. One or all three of them will just buy a startup and rebrand its product. The way VCs raise their funds and get paid seems horribly broken. I think most of them hover between borderline fraud and out-right fraud. YC should kill all the sub-par VCs by scaling up massively and taking their billions in funding away. Very interesting for those of us playing the YC home-game to get a glimpse on occasion. Thank you. This is really a great question. It's tough being isolated and tiny. At this stage you would rather be hated than ignored, but one even cares enough to hate you. For your first users I think you have to do it "the hard way", by really _selling_ the product. Go manually find the low-hanging fruit for your product. Find the early adopters -- the people who will be delighted to learn your product exists and immediately understand its utility. Bug all the people you know and get them to use your product where it makes sense. Find customers using a crappy solution to the problem you have a good solution to. Help them move to your solution. python_kiss "If you don't know where you're going, you will end up somewhere else." I prefer "Wherever you go, there you are" python_kiss "Startups should always have a week long tactical plan and a rough strategic goal stretched upto three months." It doesn't matter how well you plan, you're going to run into brick walls. Most startups run into one and say "Oh damn, I guess we lost, let's go home." (secretly relieved to be giving up) -- other startups say "Brick wall? Where's my sledge hammer, this thing is toast!" Well, it's been a while and I still haven't had to confirm my password. I think this feature is working well. I love YC News, and definitely appreciate PG's minimalist tendencies (which made reddit so great). But there's something about this site that makes it hard for me to read. I've been browsing with "View->Page Style->No Style" which helps. I'm thinking it's something trivial like the gray visited links and small fonts. Anyone else find it hard to read? FYI: The win32 version of gvim is very good. My guess is most of the time the VCs are nervous about the business or don't get along with the people they're replacing. They want to install blindly loyal and controllable "yes men" to feel secure. Bringing in suits is still considered standard operating procedure. It's a shame how many mini-John Scully incidents (minus the happy ending) occur. ArsDigita is a famous example, and I imagine there have been hundreds of less dramatic and less public instances. It does seem like there would be legitimate scenarios where replacing top people may be necessary. Most of the time I would regard it as a likely-fatal symptom of a serious condition. He claims to agree with the move, but considering the timing of that investment it seems unlikely the decision was his. If he hasn't quit by '08 I will be surprised. Time to launch a LinkedIn competitor? When I'm learning something new I tend to switch back and forth between practice and study. Neither alone seems foster growth as fast as the combination. I think working on your startup counts as practice and this site counts as studying. I know because I am consistently running up against real issues that involve things I've learned. It has been very helpful, even in the minimal case of providing a frame of reference for making decisions. Joe Kraus' emphasis on "make what you measure" convinced me to start measuring some specific metrics in more detail. The end result was boosted numbers in some of my performance/growth stats. The most valuable things I've learned from other entrepreneurs are principles and methodologies. I apply them over and over again as I face specific issues. Guy said Garage is a $20 million fund. Other VCs do single deals for more than that. I think he's a straight shooter with upper VC stardom written all over him. His interview with Venture Voice talked a lot about Garage and he was very candid: http://www.venturevoice.com/2006/10/vv_show_39_guy_kawasaki_of_gar.html The problem is that most people buy into "the pie fallacy", as PG called it. An amazing number of people would honestly rather have 50% of $1 million than 10% of $100 million. Investors do want to see confidence and saying "We have three leasing options, hopefully we'll get one" is not as good as "We will be signing a lease very soon". Perhaps his VCs aren't very good and he feels forced to tell them what they want to hear? "Many will just day dream all day but never actually do anything. I was like that a few years ago..." Good news for anyone who's found themselves in a day-dreaming rut. Remember that you are not immutable -- you can be a loser now and a winner later , if you start towards that goal. "...then I finally sat down and did something, and kept forcing myself to do it till it became a pattern and it turned out hugely successful." He had to force himself, so that's a good sign that he probably had to do stuff that was not fun. PG has said that nasty problems pay better, so be prepared to not enjoy yourself at times. Yes you are the boss, so you get to decide what you work on, but there's a lot of nasty work to be done and if you don't do it no one else will do it for you. I did submit that one as well. He's definitely worth paying attention to. http://snapshot.compete.com/reddit.com+scribd.com This seems more likely to be the reality. Alexa is pretty broken. Sounds exactly like what I would expect from a VC and exactly the opposite of what someone like Larry Page would do. I think my energy is better spent fixing valid critiques and requesting a follow-up review once you have. Better to build something that can stand up to the harshest of reviews than run around spraying perfume on dung. Reminds me of PG writing about how much persistence it took and pain it was for Loopt to make any headway with the carriers. Steve Jobs has battled both the recording industry and the phone carriers and in both cases even _he_ has had to compromise a lot. Those massive entities seem about as geared towards innovation as banks. It sounds like they're going to shotgun together some EVDO cards so they have enough bandwidth for a high quality stream? I wonder if they've created some kind of proxy to split up the stream and reassemble it with some hacked up cam-driver or something. Hopefully it's not too complicated a system. Very interesting if it works out. Latency with EVDO isn't great, but mostly good enough. WiFi is pretty useless for mobile broadcasting because it's not very mobile. Thousands chase the dream to be independently wealthy through hacking. To have the FU money required to live a truly free life. So what's it like to go from stressing about an unexpectedly high phone bill to deciding where in the world you want to live and which car matches your personality best? Most programmers live pretty comfortable lives, but there's a vast difference between making ends-meet and having enough money to make decisions without that being the biggest factor. It seems like the few who've achieved this have all been strangely silent. I suppose they don't want to be seen as flaunting it, but I think there's plenty of room to discuss this without going over that line. Have any hackers discussed this publicly? I could be wrong, but I think there's an auto-voting exploit here with the bookmarklet submission API. Without a preview page before submission anyone could load YC news URLs that result in auto upvotes for any number of articles. Another sort of separate issue I think is with submissions that include URLs pointing to "news.ycombinator.com" in general, they should probably be disallowed completely to be safe. I'm not trying to do anything abusive whatsoever, just poking around. Yeah, that would be good I think. I usually modify the title anyway after submission, since most page's 's aren't very good. "Be Narrow," he said, "Be Tiny." Today, he flat-out admitted "I was working on Odeo at the time I wrote that, and I was ignoring most of those rules." The difference between knowing something intellectually and actually living it. It's so easy to convince yourself you're following your own rules, even when you're not.