The dmd front end is GPL'd. I tend to learn languages by writing compilers for them. I'm sure that isn't normal . D started 10 years ago. It's not a flash in the pan. Uncaught exceptions are caught by the D runtime code, and the appropriate message is printed. You can declare functions as "nothrow", in which case the compiler will complain about any uncaught exceptions in the function body. You can do "header" files with D, too. They're called .di files and the compiler will even generate them automatically, or they can be built by hand. The compile speed advantage D has over C/C++ is that in the latter the header files must be reparsed for every source file. In D, the header files only need to be reparsed once, and then it is looked at symbolically for the rest of the source modules. D is also faster at compiling because the lexical grammar is designed to require little processing. Since banks are both heavily regulated and customers' deposits are insured by the government, one can expect capitalist market forces to go awry with their operation. The unit test facility built in to the D programming language has turned out in practice to be a huge win. Sure, it's on the basic side, but the advantages are there's a standard way to do it that is little more than just writing out your tests right next to the function needing testing. This convenience factor tends to make a function look incomplete without the unit test. I put mine in the closet, and run long video/keyboard wires to my desk. Works fine. There are limits to unit tests. For example, suppose I have a function I need to be pure (i.e. it does not modify any global state). No amount of unit testing will prove that it is pure. But a static type system check by the compiler can prove it is pure. Unit testing and static type checking have some overlap, but it is not complete overlap. Both are desirable. Length-embedded strings are little better than the 0-terminated ones. You cannot take a substring without copying. The "fat pointer" approach has been used in D for nearly 10 years now, and has proven itself to be very effective. Does anyone know of a desktop or laptop powered by an ARM running Linux? Optimizer and code gen problems are pretty hard for users to diagnose correctly, so most compiler vendors put a high priority on fixing them. Doesn't that just come with the territory? If you're successful with your opinions, people will argue with you. Joel doesn't know you're not going to sue him. Lots of people file frivolous lawsuits against companies, in the hope of a settlement even if the lawsuit has no merit (it takes a lot of time and money to defend against frivolous suits). It makes no sense for him to expose himself to that sort of risk. I think it comes from the 1960's depiction of computers, when if you hit the wrong key the keyboard would shoot sparks out and throw the operator across the room. A couple years back, I remember reading an article that argued that housing was way overpriced because the rents were only about half the value of the house. They should be in line with each other. The thing to do is to have the chief mechanic along for the check ride. For the time being, just try to put pipes into the plume and pump it into tanker ships. Even getting 10% will help. What worked for me was to not sleep for 30 hours beforehand. I'd be careful about concluding it could not have been accidental. The chemical industry isn't the only one that tries to prevent incorrect connections by using dissimilar connectors, but there always seems to be a mechanic that thinks he knows better and tries to "fix" it. They can and do find adapters or even make adapters. There's no malice involved, just pig-headed stupidity. I don't see a turbine anywhere. There's not even any amplification (boost). It's just a directional antenna. With that volume of money, why not use a credit card merchant account? I use one, and I've always found the CC company to be easy to get on the phone and eager to help me with any issues. It would seem easier to just scan the film, then write some software instead of building a special machine. My big, boxy "desktop" isn't on my desk, it's in the closet with long cables to my desk. This keeps the noise and clutter down. These studies were done during WW2 to investigate ways to increase productivity in the US arms factories. Note that this was with a workforce that wanted to produce as much as possible, not a workforce that was coerced to. Their conclusion to maximize productivity was to work 40 hours most of the time, with occaisional bursts at 60. Any algorithmic method of beating the market can only be successful if it is a secret and if its trades are of insignificant volume. Otherwise, knowledge of this algorithm will be factored into the prices, defeating it. Trading stocks isn't a zero-sum game. The value you deliver is to (more) accurately price the shares. It also isn't zero sum in that the person on the other side of the trade values what you're giving in exchange more than you do, by definition. Floss your teeth. Every day. Your older self will thank you. This doesn't make sense, as CPM86 was sold right alongside PC-DOS, both from IBM. The reason PC-DOS outsold CPM86 was that PC-DOS was $40 and CPM86 was nearly $300. It's as simple as that. I'll be there to talk about the D programming language. I think I'll stop reading HN and go do something useful! The slides: http://erdani.com/d/three-cool-things-about-d.pdf This looks like a reinvention of the scope guard statement: http://www.digitalmars.com/d/2.0/exception-safe.html In my college experience, I did the most learning when working my way through the problem sets with my fellow students. It would have been an awful lot harder without that (and a lot less fun). One would have to be fairly motivated to succeed alone in a room watching a video over the internet. The article was not intended to give a balanced view of issues vs usefulness. It was attempting to explain why C++ compiles relatively slowly, which is a common question people ask me. Whether or not the speed issues are balanced by other considerations is up to the C++ user. I don't really understand the fairness of being able to retire at 55 with a full pension. The retirement age should be 70. I've heard essentially that same story from lots of people my whole life. My grandparents even tried it with my father. It never works. I do my FreeBSD testing on a 10 year old box. I grew up with airplanes being old hat. But still prickles run down my spine when I look at that old photo of the Wright Flyer's first flight. What an incredible achievement that was, and how long man had dreamed about flying! The guy was doing 80 and not wearing his seatbelt. I don't see how Ford is to blame. An SUV is not a sports car. We have a 1000 years of history of what works in education, but people keep ignoring that. Why not study real life instead of fiction? Fictions are, by definition, not even pretending to be accurate. Smart enough to realize it's a work of fiction? I often hear college educated people claim "The Jungle" and "The Grapes of Wrath" are historical documentaries. The trouble with the specifics is since it's a work of fiction, there is no way to tell what is real and what is made up. Hence, reputable historians and sociologists should study reality from reputable sources. Do you really want the future policymakers of America to base their ideas on hollywood movie scripts? So, there was an amsterdam experiment in Baltimore? A cop inventing a serial killer? No? It belongs in a literature class, not a sociology class. It's like learning physics by watching Star Trek. Yes, The Wire was a great TV show. I enjoyed watching it. But let's not pretend it is a documentary. Isn't that like saying studying real world physics is hard, so we'll study Star Trek instead? If studying real relationships is so hard, how can you tell if the made up ones are valid? Why can a hollywood script writer do this while Harvard research academics cannot? Does the book confirm that the way to learn about physics is to study Star Trek's warp drive, transporter, subspace communications, telepathy, food replicator, telekinesis, parallel universes, force fields, gravity generator, dylithium crystals, time travel, vulcan death grip, etc., all based on no known scientific principles?