I didn't read the article, but did read a book about twenty five years ago. My take away was that the big deal with genetic algorithms is they work without much/any domain specific knowledge. That is one of the great underpinning of biological evolution. However the European monetary union isn't a union like you see in the US or other huge countries. In the US we have probably 100-200 billion a year in transfer payments. Automatic stabilizers like social security and unemployment insurance, etc. And then we have a true central banking system Bank in Florida goes under, it's not Florida's problem it's the Federal Reserves problem. If a state isn't able to use currency exchange rates to control in flow and out flow of money then you need these types of things to keep the system stable. Europe doesn't. So you are indeed right about not being able to pick and choose. You can't take control of a counties currency away from them without guaranteeing that the central bank and government will have their back economically. In c often I use underscores to deal with lack of name spaces and or classes. As in Module_FunctionName() I think my point is dereferencing a pointer address zero is 'undefined' but here is the rub, what happens is entirely out of the optimizer and compilers control because it depends on the context that the program is run under. One can't determine at compile time what will happen. In fact the compiler can't make any assumptions about a pointer whose value has been hard coded. uint8_t b = (uint8_t ) 0x30; // 0x30 is the address of PORT D on an AVR Atmega8 It's up to the author to show us this mythical compiler. I read a really good comment by I think Nolan Bushnell about engineers. He said said he got asked all the time about how to avoid hiring unproductive engineers. And he said he found that baffling. Because an unproductive engineer just costs the company their salary. More important is ferreting out and eliminating negatively productive managers, engineers, and technicians in that order. Algorithms? Why would you care if a programmer knows the details unless that's the job. More important is how they approach and attack a problem. Sometimes a half broken shell script is fine. Or leveraging a database because even though slow an inefficient it will do it right. Half the secret to success is... Um.. seriously just watch this video and you'll know it's truth. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5LiQcY0bqk Listen, and understand! That Ellisonator is out there! It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you give it money. If the wind decided to blow to the south instead of the normal westerly, Tokyo would be uninhabitable. Also same subduction fault that the earthquake was on runs down the coast off shore of Tokyo. Seriously the only thing that save the Japaneses butts was the wind blew most of the radiation offshore. I call those tests the airplane test. say you need to hire an airplane designer and you know d*ck all about aircraft design. You have two candidates both that tell you they have a new design being flow this week. So you go and watch, Candidate A's aircraft trundles down the runway and then crashes and burns. Candidate B's takes to the air and then lands. Candidate A could be a smooth talker and Candidate B could sound like a stuttering loon but B is the choice. Yeah but that doesn't explain the decline in forcible rape in the US from 1970 to present. I'm remembering at least some versions of basic were pass by reference for all types. I've done some stuff in .net. One of the advantages is the learning curve is pretty fast. So it's not a huge investment. The flip side is it seems a lot of .net jobs are sausage making. Not very much in the way of cutting edge or exciting stuff gets done in .net. Though too cutting edge often is crash and burn, where run of the mill projects can last years and years. (Don't knock a steady paycheck) I would say two months straight of serious study and practice would be more than enough to solidly know your way around the language, .net libraries and tools. Buy a good book. I don't actually do client side (or server side stuff) as primary work. However .net is very useful for kicking out simple GUI based tools. If you want to do that, .net has the fastest learning curve end of story. One of the things I noticed in school and later working is a lot of people excel when the problem is spoon fed to them. When the constraints and and desired answer are very mechanical. As it gets fuzzier, a lot of people even 'smart' people start having real issues. And you see the usual cognitive blockers kick in. 'frustration, fear, anger' Meaning, the usual academic problem where you are given the inputs, and only the inputs you need, and a desired solution, doesn't actually match up that well with real world problems. The other thing I've seen is a _lot_ of formally trained engineers are motivated by puzzles. Once they've solved it, all the other things that apply to the real world, like deadlines, shipping projects, making customers happy, and making money for the company are not the least amount interesting to them. And those schools are nothing but quantity theory of money cargo cultists or worse, gold bugs. That problem with you, is your so reflexively focused on government debt that you can't get your head around the fact that most of the Southern countries in trouble DIDN'T HAVE LARGE GOVERNMENT DEFICITS. They had large and growing public debt most of it related to borrowing to buy private assets. And unsupportable wage inflation. Go look it up, the governments of Italy, Spain, etc except for Greece weren't borrowing beyond their means. What they were suffering from was out of control inflows of cash. Inflows of cash in a country with it's own currency tends to be self limiting, because as money flows in the exchange rate adjusts making investments less attractive. (A country with a well run central bank will actively adjust the exchange rate to prevent the inevitable panic and flight that happens at the end of a bubble, or you have a bubble and it sucks for a while) Part of the problem with the Euro is weaker member countries can't control the flow of capital into and out of the country. Yet they are on the hook for the mal effects that result. This is wrong. There is actually an acceptable number of hours, it's somewhere near the number of hours you can work without burning out. For me that is about 5-7 hours a day. Two things I remember, one was an old guy talking about working in a windshield factory, where they made windshields for cars. They had a line. While he was working their they sped it up by 25% and management was happy happy joy joy. The workers were getting run ragged though and after a few weeks the defect rate started creeping up. After a few months the defect rate was so high that they were producing less finished product than when the line speed was slower. Took another year for the plant manager to get fired and bring in a guy who turned the line speed back down. The other is the first place I worked their were two younger coders and they were being flogged to work 9-10 hours days, basically being given unreasonable deadlines. After a few years they burned out and the company fired them. Twenty years later both of them are still damaged. I did some of the same, hurt my wrist, which is still a little messed up. After that I decided I didn't care I was going to work as much as I though possible and that's that. You only have so many hours a day. Instead of using yourself up, concentrate really hard on not wasting your time. Me, I've never been fired for not working enough hours. Not a game programmer but, impression I get is a number of games use interpreted languages as glue. Certainly sound to me like thee is a dichotomy between must run fast at all costs, and must be flexible speed matters not at all. I think game programming is an area where a high percentage of the code base needs to run fast, even if it's not run very often. If it causes the frame rate to slip, the user is going to notice. In my case, embedded, optimizing for size is everything. And usually only a very small portion of the code needs to run fast. One problem that people are running into with optimizing compilers is with embedded often you are interested in the physical side effects of your code, not it's mathematical end state. Optimizing compilers are increasing not respecting the former in preference to the latter. That reminds me of a window forms program I wrote for a customer, I added the ability to do a right click, add comment to pretty much anything on the forms and controls. Getting that input simplified a lot of things. For one the context of what the user was complaining about was usually utterly obvious. Sometimes a comment was a bug report. Or a feature request. Or just fixing my poorly written help docs. An of course plain C does not have 'objects' and a _lot_ of architectures have stuff mapped at address 0x0 Oddly enough I'm looking at the source for a command line tool, written in C# that runs under windows, but I need it to run under linux. I have to say, the two best things that happened to language design in the last fifteen years was. 1. Sun sued Microsoft for trying to improve Java. And so Gates went out and hired the guy that designed Turbo Pascal and Delphi to head up C# development. Because of course java and it's libraries are completely unsuitable for desktop development. 2. Oracle bought Sun and suddenly every company that absolutely cannot tolerate being Larry Ellison's b.. started investing in in-house programing languages. All those big companies have spent oodles of money on making sure Larry can't drink their milkshake. NAnyway as a sometime C#/.net code slopper I welcome Microsoft tossing their hat in ring. Seriously Linux and iOS seriously needs these tools. Where I get twitchy is the practice of coding has changed a lot since Knuth made that quote. Optimizing code in that era typically made it brittle and hard to reason about. Pre-optimizing meant continuously painting yourself in a corner. I used to think about it as like a seamstress sewing a dress, she doesn't start out sewing nice neat tight stitches, that's for later. Once she knows she's not going to have to rip the seams apart again. Some optimizations don't matter anymore. Back in the hoary old days pointers in C were faster than indexed arrays. Not anymore. But people still assume it's worth it. Twenty years ago, you paid a serious price for unaligned accesses. Not any more. Yet compilers still rigorously align data in memory. Which might actually make things slower. As the follow on poster said, make the code clean and easy to reason about. People often like to think they are writing code like the big boys, where it'll get used by vast number of people. Much like a lot of hardware designers design stuff as if they are going to make millions of units. 99% of the time that's not true. Thus the NRE costs totally dominate. The deal is the people chartered with the task of providing an accurate timebase are failing to do so because they are adding and subtracting arbitrary units of time. So if you actually need a monotonic timebase, you can't get it without having a human diligently subtracting leap seconds at random times. The proper thing to do is to generate a proper monotonic timebase and then publish a separate offset with microsecond or better resolution. Thus people that need monotonic time are happy and people that want to set the wall clocks are happy. Also seriously, leap seconds suck as an offset because a second is a huge amount of time for many applications. This is good dating advice too. First comment about employers treating a coworker badly. It's a good general rule, if someone does something nasty to someone else, stick around and they'll do it to you too. My simplistic take away is it's an answer to this question about algorithms. For a problem you can have a number of different algorithms to solve the problem. And a number of algorithms to check the solution to a problem. This is a point that is skipped over and trips lay people up because in school people are usually taught _the algorithm_ for solving a problem. But there are all sorts of ways to skin the cat mathematically. Some of these algorithms are great and some are 'bad' Polynomial time algorithms are good. Ones that blow up exponentially are bad. The question is, if you find a good polynomial time checking algorithm for a problem, does that mean there are polynomial time solving algorithms for that problem? Or not. Just wanted to add, out of my butt I think the point not explicitly stated is, if you can prove P=NP then I think it means that you can also mechanically transform polynomial checking algorithms into polynomial time solving algorithms. I worked at minor start-up once. They actually had not very much money* and I needed work badly. The contract was explicit that I was being paid a percentage of my hourly rate with a hard promise to pay the rest in monthly installments the second year. The advantage of this is once the 'teaser rate' expires you aren't 'negotiating a raise' to get you back to market rates. * As opposed to no money, aka the types of companies where the real profit is in the difference between what they pay their employees and the market rate. You can try bing maps. I'm basically done with google maps for good. My impression is it's no long a map service but show me the nearest Chili's Grill & Bar on my smart phone service. I got that feeling again when I was trying to learn 6502 assembly. Amusingly at least in gcc #\\ this appears legal In the past I've wanted a tool like that, but now I've come around to the idea that I want an editor that will display the code the way I'm used to however it's formatted. Lining up the equals signs would be a good candidate for an display formatting plugin. One the other hand when I've raised that idea with programmer friends of mine you can see the hair stand up on the back of their necks. People seem to really hate the idea that the editor might show you seaMonkey(do) instead of sea_monkey(do) So meaning, oh yes please drop support for 32bit, please!!!! The Wikipedia mentions 1 milibar (1/1000 of atm). From a structural standpoint that's a complete vacuum. Makes sense if you're Musk and want to jot down to Santa Monica to see your mistress Friday evening. (Come on seriously this is what this is all about, you know it, I know it) Not so good if you want to commute to your worker bee cubical job Monday morning. That in line with my long held and unpopular thought that really our bodies are rife with mutated and somewhat broken colonies of cells. The idea that you have a slow build up of mutations which finally runaway once the tumor has gotten large is probably just one scenario and perhaps much less common than people want to believe. Very possible you have a the right mutation in a microscopic colony of abnormal cells, and it'll start metastasizing right away. Other cells, will maybe form non-invasive and often self-limiting tumors. And yeah, thyroid cancer and prostate cancers are way way over diagnosed and over treated to no positive effect. I think seriously the intrinsic thing is that the language itself doesn't marshal (right word, not sure) anything that's particularly fat. The classic is if allocating memory require dealing with a general purpose garbage collector. If that's the case you're pretty much dead as far as systems stuff goes because now you can't predict how long anything will take to run. And the minimal libraries usually need to be light weight as well. Or at least such that you can strip out what's not wanted. Here again garbage collection becomes an issue. If the language supports it natively then it's going to be impossible in practice to prevent the libraries from using it for something unexpected. The last bit is escape. There are always some cases where the language doesn't have the ability to implement a critical bit of stuff and you need a way to seamlessly mess with that something. In simple you need to be able to insert a bit of arbitrary code and have it work properly. I think one uses goto's for two sometimes three reasons. 1. Sometimes one feels the need to abuse exceptions. But C doesn't have exceptions. So one abuses the old goto instead. 2. Sometimes the code is far more readable if you use a goto to short circuit a complex block of code. Which will become insufferably more complicated if it has to say keep track of a trivial case. if(this and not trivial case) else this and not trivial. if(case a and not trivial case) else {if not trivial case) 3. You can use long jumps to do exception handling stuff. I've never had to actually do this. One comment. I remember trying to read ancient code that abused goto's mostly because the programmer was desperately trying to fit everything into 4k of prom in languages that didn't support structured code. That was the kind of stuff Dijkstra was bitching about, not uses 1, 2, and 3. And actually since C has always had modern control structures goto just is not abused much in practice. Probably the opposite. Side note. int my_var = 3; my_var = "abc"; Just usually generates a warning when compiled. If run my_var will usually get loaded with the address of "abc". If you follow it with the statement printf("my_var=%s\n", my_var); // this will throw a warning It'll print 'my_var=abc' You have a couple of options with make under windows. There are native versions of make. Where you are using dos shell commands to do stuff. MinGW provides Posix compatible native commands. (you can use ls, cat, etc commands). You can use msys which gives you a Posix compatible build env. Finally something like Cigwin provides both a Posix compatible build env and Posix compatible runtime as well. When I was shooting bows, if you did things properly, you wouldn't hit your forearm. The problem is if you blow chow and don't notch the arrow properly. Or the notch blows out. Or the arrow shatters when you let loose. Then the string will hit your arm. I got hit once with a 35lb bow. I don't want to get bit by a 60-70 lb bow string nohow no way. Depends on where you are in your career. If you're young and fresh getting entry level jobs then yeah. Older with more experience, networking is everything. One will find it increasingly difficult to find jobs via cold calling. Even if you are, and especially if you are rolling around hopping jobs inside a large corporation networking will be everything. BTW: A lot of companies try and work things to keep their employees from interacting outside of narrowly defined corporate controlled channels. Don't let them do that to you. The reason generally given is that in at least standard cars the brakes can apply far more torque than the engine can. It's telling how naive people are, they think the problem is 'unintended acceleration' A mechanical engineer thinks the problem describe is 'unintended brake failure' I think there is a tendency to think of fuel rods as a problem rather than the solution to a problem, which is raw spent fuel is nasty. The cheapest and easiest way to deal with spent fuel is to store it for decades while the worst of the radio-isotopes decay. Fuel rod technology allows you to do that, a molten salt design doesn't. I'm okay with this argument but is seems to bother people that you can't recover spent fuel now rather than waiting 25 years so they cast about for solutions to what is really a psychological annoyance . See the quest for reusable launch systems like the space shuttle. The only thing that went right with Fukushima was the wind blew the radio isotopes over the pacific (mostly) and the rest of the stuff that leaked out went into the ocean. People would be singing a different tune if the wind blew all that stuff on shore. Quite a number of nuclear plants are located in places not so fortunate. For instance consider the location of three mile island, located well inland on the Susquehanna River. If you had a containment loss at three mile island, it'd be a big big mess. People say these plants are all safe, and newer plants are safer, but the near catastrophic failures don't give one a warm feeling. The one that stands out to me was pin hole corrosion through the cladding on the top of a reactor vessel. That lead to a large cavity corroding unnoticed in the mild steel. Which which was discovered when someone noticed an odd budge in the top. if that had failed, you would have had total loss of cooling and a melt down. The classic example is Navier–Stokes equations of viscous fluid flow. True story, one of my college professors handed out a homework assignment that no one could solve. Far as I could tell the boundary conditions described journal bearing that wasn't stable. Such things exist. I think other very hard to deal with are equations where the solution diverges exponentially due to small changes in boundary conditions. Orbital mechanics is like that. Not sure but I can see a situation where the set of equations that describe the solution form a series that never converges to a regular pattern. (irrational series? as irrational numbers but with equations) I think quantum mechanics is like that (Don't quote me) My gut feeling about Aluminum foil is that because of the hard oxide coating it's difficult to get two pieces to make a continuous electrical connection along any length of it. And you can't solder to it. My suggestion is to use copper tape or thin tinned copper sheet instead. My other suggestion if hand prototyping is to use vector board with top and bottom ground planes. Note a lot of vector board designs are total crap. Either no ground plane or has 'power buses' The buses are horrible for grounding. The reason is you want the return current in any signal to travel in a ground plane under the wire. with a 'bus' the return current runs off down the bus creating a large loop. Loops are bad, any magnetic or electrical field that the crosses the loop will induce noise. What struck me is it looks seriously like Hungarian notation applied to function naming. It's not just CS, but probably more common with CS. There are two kinds of engineers. 1. Those that love love love solving Puzzles. 2. Those that question whether solving this or that puzzle is going to bring in any money for the company. For a places like google or deranged YC startups, whether what you are assigned has any bearing on cash flow is something way above the typical engineers paygrade. There are a lot of companies where that isn't true. BTW: Bit of advice for anyone going into a technical fields. Learn to write, English . Learn it well. How to clearly explain idea's and requirements. How things work, how they are broken. Justify what you did, or cover your butt. Where you are in twenty years will depend mostly on this. Learn to speak fluently in front of a group of people. Or whatever the locally appropriate language is. Pedro comacho The former informer of the secret police Is still standing outside the club Pretending to be blind He watches the last plane to miami Disappearing in a flaming purple sky Now he knows He has been left behind For those that missed the last plane to Miami (meaning all of you), the author was bitching that the rule in programming 'functions should be short, one page, etc' is as wrong as the rule that in writing sentences should be short. Congratulations for reading the article and exacting content. I think the meta observation is there are rules imposed on students to prevent them from developing bad habits. But these aren't hard rules in practice. Same applies to code slopping.