Is it people? Abaco (the web browser shipped with Plan 9) already does what you're suggesting, using webfs and an HTML parsing library. It might be possible to replace that parsing library with a version of Webkit or Gecko ported to Plan 9 in order to achieve "modern" web standards support while sticking to 9P and such for the actual network portion of web browsing. Abaco (the browser shipped with Plan 9) has support form most of the HTML4 spec, but lacks support for things like CSS and Javascript (see: http://plan9.bell-labs.com/sources/contrib/fgb/abaco.pdf ). It might be feasible to swap out Abaco's HTML parsers and such with a "modern" rendering engine like Gecko or Webkit while retaining its webfs-based approach to navigating the world wide web. I've always figured the latter explanation - that the picture from our eyes is distorted like that, but the brain corrects the image (it also doesn't hurt that we have two eyes, where as cameras typically don't; I wonder if multi-lens cameras are also subject to that fisheye effect?). > (even if it lacked the self awareness to feel the pain of running on a 386) Now we know the real motivation behind pretty much every sci-fi storyline involving AI revolts. I saw that; it looks incredibly excessive. If the emulator runs as a Java app, is it really not enough to just download a .jar and run it on whatever OS I happen to be running on my workstation? Or are there so many custom dependencies and configuration requirements that such an approach is infeasible? They could probably shave that footprint down considerably if they didn't bloat it with an Ubuntu VM. > You almost make it sound like proprietary per default is or can be broken while open source is not, that's a bridge too far Personally, I figure it might as well be; no way to fix it. I'd rather drive a beater that I know I can fix myself (or take to a local auto shop if I can't) if it breaks down than a high-end sports car that has to be taken to the dealer for something as trivial as an oil change. No software is perfect (beyond a trivial "Hello, world!" exercise); that's why being able to look for and potentially fix flaws is important :) > The disadvantage is that it's not a nix and you loose the whole ecosystem (no Posix). In my opinion, that's probably a good thing; less baggage that has to be maintained for POSIX compatibility. Remember that Unix was originally designed for large, centralized timesharing systems. It has been adapted to the embedded realm throughout the last couple of decades, but starting from scratch to create an OS specifically for the embedded realm is ideal. > may be probably cheeper to use something like a full-blown small computer (like the rasperry-pi) with Linux on it. In some cases. In the case mentioned by the article, however, a Raspberry Pi (for example) would make for a rather large badger collar. IoT is indeed a pretty broad and vague concept right now, but it already does demand very tiny hardware with size constraints dictating available computational capacity. That's where Contiki comes in. > If you used your preferred mail client, it wouldn't be encrypted end to end. Unless you and your recipient use something like GnuPG. I find that surprising; of all the systems we're maintaining (hospital), our AS/400 is the one system that's been pretty much rock solid. I've generally been a fan of IBM's hardware. I switched from Sprint to T-Mobile a week ago. Oh well. He looks much younger - and less bearded - than I'd imagined when reading The Story of Mel countless times. This changes my whole perspective on the story; the character of Mel transitions from a scruffy and disillusioned veteran to something of a youthful and rebellious hotshot. Thanks for the Librazette link and photo; that's awesome. > Requiere truly talent to do a hard-to-understand mess in python, and in that case, is very likely the code was made by a good developer ;) Last I checked, the whole "if it was hard for me to write, it should be hard for others to understand" was still a mockery, not a seriously-interpreted excuse. It ignores the fact that the programmer's future self will eventually need to maintain that code. The developer might have skill, but one who writes unmaintainable messes as anything other than a Perl-golf-style mental exercise probably lacks wisdom. :) And when it comes to a "book for that language", Programming Perl really does take the cake. If you don't enjoy Perl code that looks like a cartoonish string of censored profanities, you could always try including 'use English' in your program, which aliases more descriptive names to all those punctuation-mark special variables. See here: http://perldoc.perl.org/English.html The idea behind Perl being designed akin to a natural language isn't for its ease of learning, per se, but for its ease of expressiveness. English is probably significantly harder to learn than Python, for example, yet it's likely much easier to write a novel in the former than it is to write one in the latter. I hope so, too. Whatever the case, I've noticed far better reception with T-Mobile than I've ever had with Sprint (and this is way up in the Sierras, up near Tahoe; good cell reception is pretty much unheard of up here), plus I'm paying $20 less than what I was for Sprint even with the phone payments factored in, so I'm pretty happy with the switch, too. Haven't tried international roaming (I've never left the continental U.S.), but having that available makes me less nervous about being able to get in touch with someone if I'm abroad. I'll take this to mean that we should just fire our CEO and not have to worry about problems ever again. ;) rimshot It's like a doctor saying that he can't stop my kidneys from spontaneously dissolving within my body because human anatomy is "too complex". I wouldn't be nearly as averse to mass surveillance if the folks conducting it and holding my personal data didn't have the mental capacity of a goddamn pineapple. Depends on the jurisdiction. The site is based in Canada (at least according to the TLD), which doesn't classify it as a controlled substance. The U.S., however, does classify it as such and therefore disallows importation unless you have a prescription. Interestingly, adrafinil is completely unregulated in the U.S. (IIRC), and is sufficiently-closely related to modafinil that it basically has the same effects. By that same logic, though, teachers are then protected from being fired for reading from the Bible, or teaching creationism, or teaching abstinence-only birth control, or covering a topic like vaccination or astrophysics in any way other than demonization. Tenure isn't the appropriate approach here. Enforcing Constitutional law - like separation of church and state - is far more useful to actually achieve the desired results. If teachers are being fired for teaching actual fact, then they need to be bringing that to the legal system and turn it into a Supreme Court case. This whole "it protects secular teachers" argument is a silly justification for the negative impact California's tenure-fetish has had on students and younger teachers. That's true; he's probably a proto-scruffy-bearded hacker in that photo. I'd be interested to see him 10 years later; he'd probably put Thompson and Ritchie to shame in terms of beard mass. ;) I think you're mixing up my points. The Constitutional concern doesn't lie with tenure itself; enforcement of the Constitution would replace this rather far-fetched excuse for maintaining tenure as some holy trait. The legal system already exists to help teachers in cases where they're punished for teaching science instead of religion in government-funded institutions, since doing so already runs afoul of the establishment clause; a tenure system doesn't really add much, and (in my own observations at least) only seems to benefit veteran teachers at the expense of students and newer teachers. If it's unofficial, then there's not much to be worried about. Do your job and you'll be fine. I honestly don't think tenure is more effective than actual legal enforcement, namely because tenure isn't really effective for that purpose at all , especially when we're considering that the older teachers - the ones who benefit from tenure - are the ones who are probably in support of such pressure, which is more likely directed at the younger teachers, relatively fresh from college, who want their students to learn about the proper science they learned about in school but are afraid to do so when their paychecks are on the line. Since when was Belmont (in the Bay Area) part of the "valley"? Unless you're talking about something other than the Central Valley, that is... I grew up in NorCal, too; that was the opposite impression I got. Most of the teachers I had were relatively young, and hadn't been teaching for a very long time; my conversations with them - especially in high school - frequently included mentions of how often they'd be pink-slipped because the teachers' union - dominated by veteran, tenured teachers - would elect for pay raises instead of hiring more teachers. This meant growing class sizes, and the veteran teachers knew it . We were certainly taught about the environment, how biodiversity is a good thing, etc., but I was hard-pressed to find a teacher that actually agreed with the teachers' union, and unions in general were typically portrayed in a neutral light at best. Indeed; modafinil has quite a few side effects, at least according to a quick Wikipedia check ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modafinil#Adverse_effects ) (and while Wikipedia isn't the most reliable source, at least they bothered to cite their claims, so I'm more likely to trust that then some unfinished marketing site). I hate stacked charts, period. I would much prefer a line graph - and with absolute values rather than percentages. > And Windows? http://code.google.com/p/zfs-win/ Beggars can't be choosers ;) Windows is notorious for supporting fewer filesystems than its Unix-like peers; I'm not sure why you seem surprised that ZFS would be an exception. It's the best that's available for it right now; if that's not helpful, I'm not really sure what is. That is, unless you were expecting me to write a Windows ZFS driver with read/write capabilities myself and provide a link to that ;) Huh; that's actually a better deal in many cases than my existing virtual servers. Thanks for that recommendation; I'll keep my eye on that. That's pretty awesome. Memristors are very promising for creating fast, high-density, non-volatile storage, and it's good to see that HP's seeing that in the midst of the solid-state flash memory craze and working on commercial applications for them. What's also awesome is that - according to the article - HP plans on open-sourcing its custom "Machine OS"; rather refreshing coming from a company that's traditionally released its own operating systems under non-free licenses. I'm not normally a fan of HP (aside from their printers), but seeing them go after this kind of stuff is certainly exciting. And this is all especially true if we start seeing memristor arrays replacing flash chips in mobile devices; at that point, the few GB it would take to store a worldwide transportation map would be pocket change. Hell, in most of my documents I'm hard-pressed to find a use for more than 5 packages, let alone 50. My résumé isn't using any packages at all right now; it's just using vanilla LaTeX, since I think that looks nice enough and it's easy enough to manage. Never heard about Deezer before. Sounds like a good deal, but apparently it's not available in the United States, and I really don't feel like fiddling with proxies in order to bypass that. Interesting. While I'm finding albums and artists to be a bit scarce, the ones I've been testing (so far Barenaked Ladies and the Crash Test Dummies) haven't had that issue of only some songs being free. I like the idea, but it seems to be poorly executed with the absolutely-dismal selection of Prime-eligible music. Good albums missing, good songs missing, even entire artists missing (even ones that were at one point pretty mainstream; Sublime, for example). Amusingly, when searching for "Let It Go", I ended up with virtually every song titled "Let It Go" that's not sung by Idina Menzel (speaking of which, the only Idina Menzel songs available are from Glee, and there are a whole two of them that are actually sung by Idina Menzel). Disney's probably to blame for that one, but still. I'm sure this is would be pretty cool, but I can't help but instinctively close it because the layout, colors, etc. look so much like that of a turn-of-the-millennium site to buy fake "male enhancement" pills from some guy's basement in Kazakhstan. Is it ever a good time to buy a house in San Francisco? It's cheaper to buy a house in Sacramento instead and pay for the gas and/or transit fares required to commute. Well considering that's around $16.7 million, I'm not surprised. What's more amusing is that the auction is "cash only". Are there non-plastic alternatives on the books? I'm all for protecting nature, but these microbeads are useful as an abrasive element (meaning more thorough cleaning). Maybe sterilized sand? *person Nah, I'd rather he not be hanging out on my eventual lunar real estate ;) And they say CPU mining isn't profitable. :) I can't wait until someone builds a working ManHack. Only a matter of time at this rate. Ah, missed that. Pretty cool. It was a serious question, and it received many excellent answers. Yours was not among them. Abrasive elements are commonplace in soaps for auto shops and other places where most conventional soaps have a hard time with the gunk accumulated from automotive grease and such. The particulates help to actually scrape off that gunk (in a manner that doesn't cause skin injuries), rather than rely on the hope that soap's chemical properties alone will suffice. > most proponents of reclassification haven't thought through all the implications of that proposal Sure, but that assumes that all those implications are actually relevant. > but how does he explain the fact that VOIP services are required to contribute to USF? Isn't VOIP just content too? Not quite. If that VoIP service an actual phone number (i.e. one that could be called from within a traditional "copper" phone network), then (from what I understand) it acts as a provider of a phone network. Both Skype and Google Voice offer that functionality, so they're subject to USF fees. IANAL, so that should be taken with a grain of salt; that's just my understanding of that particular corner case.