Apple is getting my money because they have a compelling product NOW. That's the name of the game in business. This is old-fashioned Microsoft FUD, from a fanboy to boot. FaceBook is for friends and family - almost all of whom aren't developers. I use Twitter for geek-related stuff (the term 'geek' encompassing more than just development). Haven't looked at Google+. Based off comments, maybe I should. Don't let other people do your thinking for you, and don't get something just because everyone else is getting it. An iPad is a tool. Either you have a need for it or you don't. In either case, if you decide to get one you're going to discover you're the same old you as you were prior to getting it. And hopefully that's a good thing! :) Are you telling me you can be bought for life for $100? Please. Aside from that this is a good move on Nokia's part. They know they're the underdogs in the market and this is what you have to do as an underdog to have a shot at being a top dog someday. Maybe we should be concerned that men are underrepresented in the biological sciences. If anything this whole infographic can be used to show there's not necessarily a correlation between grades in school and performance on the job. Only Amazon has any assurance of making money. Incredible. What do you people plan on reading when the content providers go out of business? Each other's blogs? Have fun with that. More doing. Less talking. Good job! The trouble with JavaScript is the name is misleading - you're lead to believe it's a scripting form of Java. Instead it's more akin to Lisp in C clothing. Doug Crockford explains it best. http://www.crockford.com/javascript/javascript.html This is the kind of tripe we were hearing just before the bubble burst the last time. Turns out, you really did need to be concerned with how you were going to make money. There are no money fairies that are going to put the dough under your pillow. Assembly isn't difficult to program in, especially with a good macro assembler such as MASM. C'mon. We can give names to functions and call them by name. We can provide names for variables. We can use a linkage editor to produce an executable and resolve external references, meaning we can employ modular programming. How is this insane? Yes it is. That's the simple answer to your question. The SO community has had a different "feel" lately, and I don't like it and I think the mods are something to do with it. That's a subjective statement of course. You might love it. YMMV. Scratch your own itch. Create software YOU want that would be useful to you and you could learn something by creating. Don't worry whether it's a new idea or whether anyone on HN thinks it's cool. Other than that I would recommend learning different types of programming. Systems, applications and web programming come to mind. Use different types of languages too. This is the only way to get real-world experience on the different platforms, tools and programming styles. It's that experience that will move you along in becoming a great programmer. Programmes have always argued^H^H^H^H^H^Hdiscussed text editors. Used to be just emacs and vi. Now we've added more to the stable. But seriously, if you don't want to read the articles on text editors then don't. No one's making you. Maybe this will have the unintended consequence of driving more sales to the boutique computer stores that create their own systems. Zengrammer is awesome! I agree the term brogrammer has negative connotations and its usage needs to stop, except when referring to actual brogrammers of course! ;) Nice try. I have to sign up for Google+ to read on article about Google+? If this is the dodgy tactics used to drive up usage numbers then Google+ must not be offering any intrinsic value. As for now, LinkedIn is providing me greater value. Actual value, without gimmicks. tl;dr - it's no iPad but it's pretty good. I would say that's a fair assessment. And for a lot of couple balking at the $499 entry fee for the iPad, it may just well be what they've been looking for. My iPad integrates with the enterprise. Doing it right now as a matter of fact, and I work for a conservative Fortune 200 company with stringent, U.S. Federal Government mandated, security requirements. My iPad has become my main mobile machine at work, and with the exception of reading HN, I do real work with it - not just web surfing. And Androids need not apply. We stopped supporting them. Too many security issues as a result of their divergent platform. That's a good point: you can buy Windows 7 tablets today and yet Apple owns the tablet market. We can only reasonably assume Microsoft considers their current tablet strategy a failure and are seeking to rectify the situation with Surface and Windows 8. Humanities have always been the pursuit of the idle rich. Those without a hefty trust fund have found that they need to work to support themselves, and to find work they need skills. For those people we can only hope that their required electives provide them opportunity to expand their minds. By the way, what did you have in mind for the means for society to compensate these non-productive people? I say non-productive because they have no jobs, thus requiring some form of compensation from society. How do you seriously propose this be done? Apparently HN traffic killed the site. That right there makes it unfit for purpose. People forget Ayn Rand would have been 12 during the Bolshevik revolution. It obviously deeply affected her. While I don't consider Objectivism to be a formal philosophy, I don't see anything wrong with the characters in Atlas Shrugged either. They were simply sick of being the doormats of humanity. Expected to do whatever necessary to make life better for everyone else even as they persist in misery. What I want to know is what kind of person thinks anyone should live like that? If the Kindle is just a portal for buying/consuming Amazon services then I don't see it setting the world on fire. Once more people realize tablets are the ultimate mobile general-purpose computing platform then interest in consumer portal tablets will wane. OSX is good for developers with families. The wife and kids are happy and you're pretty happy too. Win-win all the way around. So is this how Microsoft is going to fight Linux on the desktop? Microsoft knows what they're doing? That's the funniest thing I've heard in a while. For the record, Microsoft has never had a success in the mobile space (PDAs, tablets, phones, MP3 players). They've come close a time or two but never in the past 15 years have they been the leader in any of these categories. Microsoft dominates the desktop. The XBox is an extension of the desktop. They're hoping to leverage their desktop dominance into a laptop-lite tablet. I'm betting they could care less about the user experience of Win 8 on the desktop. After all where else are their customers going to go? Apple? Linux? A few might. Most won't. This way they can focus all their energies into the tablet and then use their desktop dominance to move people to their tablets instead of Apple's. After all how many iPad owners have a Windows desktop? It's probably the best strategy they have. We'll have to wait and see how well it pans out for them. And no, I have no intention of buying one of these things. The tablet is an extension of the desktop. Microsoft has never been successful with them though. Now that the iPad has shown what a tablet can do perhaps Microsoft will be more successful this time around. Better question: are all social networking sites doomed to be fads and thus doomed to die? The answer leads to paradoxical results. If we answer 'yes' then no one will create another Facebook and thus Facebook will survive. If we answer 'no' then a competitor will emerge and thus increasing the chance that Facebook dies. Congratulations! You've just made the case as to why one should pursue a study in computer science. Can we expect the wonders of finite state automata next? I updated last weekend. I use Safari a lot and haven't had any issues. The weird thing I experienced during the upgrade is my iPad (3rd gen) got 1 Gb of memory freed - in that section iTunes calls Application Data. Still, 1 Gb is 1 Gb and I'm glad to get it back. And no, I haven't noticed anything amiss. The memory footprint on my iPhone remained the same. As far as maps goes, I don't use maps much (either Google or Apple). When I really need a map for long distance trips I use my Garmin. My experience with the mobile map apps so far is they're junk compared to the Garmin. I do need to do some traveling this Monday so I'll have the opportunity to do a side-by-side comparison test. Had the opportunity to seriously use Apple maps yesterday for the first time. I liked it better than my Garmin (which is a 2008 model). I like that it gives you street names for turning and that it tells you of upcoming turns and exits well in advance. The fact that it cuts in over the music being played by my iPhone is a practical plus - the Garmin simply can't do that. Finally, a plus for pointing out hotels and gas stations. My Garmin definitely didn't do that either. Apparently. Mind you, none of this has been tried in court AFAIK. Why spend money to educate your own citizens when you can import workers from other countries on the cheap? Of course long term this leads to the ruination of the United States. But businesses don't think long term. They only think of making money now . And to think one of these money men hucksters has a real chance of getting elected next week. I weep for our future. Next time buy your computer at Best Buy and see how that goes for you. Not to be too terribly snarky hopefully you've learned some valuable lessons here in dealing with Apple. You should have expected tech support to have regurgitated the contents of the email. The only reason you would have had for calling them is finding the name of the 3rd party company that would be fixing your computer and how to go about arranging that service. The second thing you've learned is the Apple geniuses aren't, well, geniuses. They're simply more knowledgeable than average, which takes care of 80% of the problems a typical customer will experience. The important thing to know is they're not doing the work. And, hello, since this was a general recall there were probably a boatload of machines "upstairs" waiting to be repaired. They told you 2 weeks because they prefer to under promise and over deliver and have your machine back to you in a few days. I know Apple can do seemingly amazing things, but good grief you need to have realistic expectations. Maybe we need to think of 'JavaScript' as a term representing a set of uncompiled languages targeting the browser runtime environment. With that definition I would say, sure - 'JavaScript' has a very bright future. Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! GIMP sucks because it doesn't work like PhotoShop? Brilliant analysis. The big thing I remember from my Numerical Computing course in college was floating point arithmetic is not commutative. Totally. Rocked. My world. You have to work hard to retain your significant digits throughout the computation. You are correct. I should have been more clear. Our expectation for addition to be associative is deeply ingrained and it's shocking to discover that's not the case when performing floating point computations. Google. They do a lot of basic CS research and have several product lines. They'll also still exist long after Facebook is a footnote of history. I've been using computers since the days of the VIC 20 and Apple II. A lot has changed since then, generally for the better. I'm significantly older than you and I'm here to tell you one thing: you'd better get with it. I don't see any point in crying about a desktop metaphor that's dying. Let's face it - there's a lot of people now whose primary computer is a smartphone or tablet. The name of the game today is to create a user interface manager that works well with those devices AND the desktop. We're not there yet, but that's the direction we're headed, and more importantly, it's the direction we should be headed. One final thing, I'm using an iPad to read and respond to this post. On this iPad I have an outstanding code editor and development environments for Lisp, Scheme, Python, J, F# and JavaScript. This is the way of the future. In 29 days they've managed to get two people to pledge $1 apiece. I work in the enterprise business market, for a 100 year old blue chip firm - and the iPads have come in like a tsunami thanks to our BYOD policy. They have Exchange integration. Legacy internal applications? These have all been web-enabled over the past 10 years. And the adoption has been top-down: it's the C-level execs that are driving this change. This has been going on for two years now. Microsoft seriously missed the boat and more and more is considered to be an old-school technology company like IBM. Did that this year. Bought an iPad instead of a new PC. I might not even do that again - thinking of buying a device like the Nexus 10 next. I have a family with lots of eyeballs. Yes, there is still work requiring a PC and so every family should have one. But not every person in the family needs one. Permanent solution? That's hard to say. No one should expect Apple to rest on their laurels for Maps though - they can't afford to admit defeat. They must continue to strive to make their Maps app as-good-as or even better than Google Maps. It'll be interesting to see what Apple does next. So how are things going in Syria? I'm going to be admittedly contrarian and claim Apple, along with their users, won. After all, they got turn-by-turn navigation from Google for free which supposedly Google was wanting to license to Apple for a considerable sum of money. They've already blown that SLA - for the year. Now how much of my money do I get back?