Looking at the OPSkins website ( https://opskins.com ), they have authentication setup so people can login using their Steam account. I'm interested in creating a web app that allows auth via Steam account too, but I'm not seeing any docs about how to make that happen. Anyone know how that's done? [follow up edit] This seems to be it → https://steamcommunity.com/dev Looks like there's a Steam Web API that allow auth via Steam OpenID. Likely workable. :D Developers! Developers! Developers! Kinda thinking it might be beneficial adding this to the libgit2 project itself (eg via GitHub PR). Any objections to that? Just to point out... there's no capital G in PostgreSQL's name. It's either "PostgreSQL" or "Postgres". ;) Also to be super pedantic... it's SQLite, not SQLLite. ;) Definitely agree. The PostgreSQL Community began my serious involvement with Open Source Software, about 15 years ago. It's one of the best groups I've ever seen, due to their patience, friendliness, encouragement of others, and willingness to share info/experiences for mutual benefit. It doesn't hurt that being very good with PostgreSQL is useful on a CV too. ;) Audio very badly stutters here under Firefox on a reasonable spec Win 8.1 PC - 3.6GHz i3-4160 dual core, GTX 970, 16GB RAM. Not an award winning spec system, but for single threaded maximised games (most) it's more than decent. ;) For me, OSX was really good up until 10.6 as well. I used to use 12 or more virtual desktops at a time though (for mental separation), so the massive reduction from having 16+ available at any time to 5-6 without scrolling... massively killed my mental organisation. That one change has reduced my lack-of-distraction immensely. And now with notifications front-and-centre... that's just not understanding people who need to be focused and productive. :( Anyway, I've been trying out OpenBSD over the two weeks (using XFCE and -stable). It seems nice so far. Tried Lumina initially, but it just crashes for me very soon after launch. Also tried compiling -current a few times in the last few days, as I'd like try out stuff with the new vmm subsystem (and maybe make libvirt work), but it's failing to compile every time (bare metal and OSX Fusion). I'm obviously doing something dumb, and will hopefully figure it out later / gain-a-clue. :) Prob need to ask on IRC I guess. ;) Linux is absolutely a great thing for experimenting with, but once you're exposed to something that's planned/thought about... you get the sense it's an ever growing hodge-podge of utilities/functionality designed by people that don't really communicate with each other that well. Computers are growing more powerful, they should make our lives easier. That's not the direction Linux nor OSX nor Windows is going in the last few years. The BSD's each seem to take a more co-ordinated approach (better team communication?), so I'm personally hoping they do better over time. Try out the BSD's in a VM. Some of the command line utilities you're used to in Linux need different arguments, or aren't as feature rich. (I really miss tree mode in ps for example). But, in general the BSD's feel much better organised. Hope that helps. ;) Not the mountains I thought you were meaning. :p "... having worked for a short time at the Chattanooga Aquarium where he fed the sharks." That's also a line for people who died of shark attack. (ok, not Chattanooga Aquarium specifically) Just saying. ;) This article has the start of his journey... and he's 8 year into it now. But it gives no sense as to whether he's just breaking even, is killing it, or what? It wouldn't be that encouraging if after 8 years he's still struggling to make ends meet, whereas if he's killing things (in the positive sense), that's more inspiring. To me anyway. ;) And yet jolla.com has no mention of this (still encouraging buying), and neither does their blog. Um... wtf? Cool. It should be explicitly mentioned in the article though, not left for readers for wonder about and maybe figure out wrongly. ;) Tor is an amazingly good start :) to things. Tails seems to be decent as well. Hopefully there aren't other major vulnerabilities that turn up in it... but that's like wishing for a pink unicorn that er... expresses rainbows rearwards. :D Still doesn't seem that honest to potential customers. Trading when the directors know it's bankrupt is a big no-no legally isn't it? Hadn't thought of that. Thanks. :) The footer indicates REVSYS, but (in my opinion) that doesn't really say anything useful about what I'm meaning. The article itself would be better if it directly mentions this, so people can put it in context from that instead of having to guess. It's possible I'm being an idiot though. ;) "...iTunes in particular is becoming increasingly less about your music, and more about everything apple." This. 100 upvotes for this. If iTunes had a "local storage only" version, that doesn't share jack sh*t with Apple, doesn't potentially upload any sensitive info, doesn't try and force their crap onto people... (and the boundaries get moved with every single forced update!), that would be more than welcome. This is a huge pain point / bug bear for me at least. :( As a "general" kind of point, after using both *BSD or Linux for a few weeks, the BSD version generally feels better engineered. The command line utilities can be markedly different from the Linux version if that's what you're used to, but it's something that can be adapted to. This is a "general feeling" kind of thing though. It seems to be a common sentiment, but may not apply to everyone. YMMV etc. ;) One of the few(?) compelling arguments for cloud storage with no cave-in ability for law enforcement. :/ Kinda wondering if Yahoo's search traffic % would pick up if they do a u-turn into a "we don't track people" platform. eg DuckDuckGo or similar style. Being an actual trustworthy alternative to Google wouldn't hurt. ;) That being said, it seems like the opposite mentality of their current approach. They're not exactly building a trusted brand name for themselves. :( You can launch your games in Offline mode, which stops the need for having to go online/update/contact-the-Steam-servers-before-launch. It's not totally straight forward though. You need to unplug your network device (or turn off wifi, etc) so the initial startup times out, and gives you the option to use Offline mode. There might be a command line switch way to do that too, but I've never looked. ;) Thanks for mentioning this. Hadn't come across Affinity Designer before. Taking a look now, it seems good. Also seems like it would work with my old (mostly offline) macbook running 10.7.5. ;) Facebook is abusive of people's personal privacy, even though it is generally an effective tool for improving people's (layperson's?) communication. So, it's probably a better idea to approach it with a cynical perspective instead of an optimistic (naive?) one. It could turn out to not be estate-tax evasion... however it seems unlikely. Do you believe Google is or isn't a US company which would keep the most interesting stuff to itself/NSA/US-TLA's? Having Google audit the OpenSSL code is not really a problem... but believing them to do things for the benefit of anyone else isn't really feasible. They've shown themselves to be both good and bad actors on multiple occasions, so trying to pick which one this is... guesswork. :( Yeah, but you need to be connected online first for that. eg go through the whole "Steam starts, updates itself, etc". :) Please, re-read my question and think about it a bit. ;) 100,000ft isn't even close to Low Earth Orbit. Isn't calling that a "satellite" mis-representation? :( Guess it depends on the target audience. If you're launching cube-sat's to 100,000 ft for some pre-testing purposes, then "satellite" might make sense. eg environment testing of cube-sat's at 100,000 ft, as part of their dev cycle prior to real (rocket) launch Other than that though... "High-altitude balloon cube-sat", or "Atmospheric cube-sat" maybe? :) Shouldn't this have "(2015)" in the title? Maybe the further development of the LED tech could be useful for creating militarily useful lasers? Missing "(2011)" on the end of that title. :( Wonder how many of the layoffs will be from QA? Fusion 360 is the buggiest shipping product I've ever seen. Really hoping they don't lay off any QA staff. But, seeing the shipping product so far, I'm not optimistic. :( Exactly. Does anyone believe Autodesk won't pull an Oracle once they've transitioned their products to be Cloud only. I don't. :( Hopefully I'm wrong. :) Hopefully you've learned something important about not giving your login credentials for any service, to another service. ;) [And yeah, I'm aware of people doing this for other services too, eg financial account management. Expecting they'll become further anecdotes later one... :(] If you're one of the 135 people's lives they've wasted... you might take it a bit more personally. :D Yeah, I wish the language syntax in Sonic Pi was less Ruby, more Python. But, seriously disliking Ruby is just a personal hangup. ;) You're using GitHub for hosting a straight out commercial advert? That seems... not positive. :( Sure, and he's trying to downplay it. They're wasting 135 people's entire lives worth of time. Every single day. :( They definitely seem like an organisation who's dedicated to checkbox/feature-list improvements, and gaining everyone's complete data set (thus the lack of local file support). Platform stability... less of a priority. :( If they give it a "Manifest Destiny" point of view to work from... that would be a problem! ;) Just to point out... the US is the western only country on the planet which cares, or even mentions, people's skin colour/race AT ALL. Literally every other western country calls people... people. A man is "a man" not "a green/blue/pink/red/etc man". A women is "a women" not "a green/blue/pink/red/etc woman". Continuously giving skin colour qualifiers in descriptions of people... is (to non-US people) bizarre, and seems to be a large part of the language used to keep racism alive in the US. That's as far as I've been able to tell so far anyway. :( That's not at all what I said. I'm saying the US is the only country which prefaces descriptions of people with info about their skin colour. It seems (to someone not from the US) a truly strange cultural behaviour. [note - edited for clarity] Maybe have it be battery powered, and fly "home" for a recharge during the hours the store is closed? That is one very, very length announcement post. Very TLDR. :( Martin Shkreli described himself as "focused on pharmaceuticals". I think he missed a comma in that. :D Weirdly, the article refers to the Autodesk platform as "forge.com", which it's not. It seems to be called just "Forge". Incidentally, the "forge.com" domain appears to just have a squatter/advert type no-site-here thing for a web page. Missing "(2014)" in the title. Snowdrop has been known about for ages, there are demo's of it on Youtube... and it doesn't look all that good these days (my opinion). Looking through the comments for the top few most funded ones... _many_ (most?) seem to have not provided the thing they were attempting to provide. Lots of unhappy people in their comments, without anything shipped to them. :( Yeah. If they get involved with (say) the GitLab ecosystem, that could both reduce GitHub growth + attract more talent/projects to SourceForge. Both of which they'd be wanting to do.