D=100 * T=0 = 0 D=100 * T=1 = 100 D=100 * T=3 = 300 T=100 * D=0 = 0 T=100 * D=1 = 100 T=100 * D=3 = 300 I am almost positive most people who will give you money (who are smart; people who do their research) will prefer you're at D=100. If you have a prototype and need more money then sure, you can have a higher T, but you still should be able to be doing work while you wait; Likely why many smart investors want the founder(s) to be the engineering team so they're not reliant on money to get things done. +GooglePlus stole it Visual candy for the world that people didn't know they wanted - but want. +1 I think I need to swear more It keeps competitors out. Many governments do this. Keeps jobs and profits local, for the most part. I'm launching a blog platform called PressWord - want to be an advisor? What kind of job are you looking for, would make you happy? PayPal is just as likely to hold funds for 6+ months if you're not selling a product if using "Buy Now." You should only do heavy personalization once you're more sure that everything is in a layout that it will need to be. With the projects I'm working on even the smallest new information or feature being added to a page could totally change what the best functional layout and look is. With my own projects I've done hundreads of fairly drastic layout shifts - they are evolutions from ideas and eureka moments. Frameworks should be used to play around with the look to feel how the UX would be. It will be very difficult to determine full effects of design until you have substantial traffic and are able to cohort testing though, though a good designer will have this as an intuitive nature. Having data such as that click/cursor heatmaps divided into power users, first time visitors, etc. is invaluable as well for testing use-theories. Cute. But I would like to see a dynamically updating breakdown of all countries, for comparison, of all this data. Sadly, what governments publish may not be factual. I think the issue is initially when things were being invented there was a general lack of understanding of things. When car manufacturers first discovered how to bind metal to rubber (think tires), they didn't even patent it. There wasn't enough knowledge or skilled people to do the experimentation needed. They didn't want to patent it at that point they would just be teaching competition how to do it and within X number of years lose their advantage, and a minor variation in the process could allow them to compete anyway. And what is the difference between discovery and invention? Anything science related is discovery. Worse, money only goes into research that has a high level of profit potential, meaning that only if it can be patented. This structure is very detrimental to all societies. Who knows how many times things that could be very beneficial to society never see the light of day. And if there is something so beneficial to society that is discovered then the cost skyrockets giving companies huge profits. Even worse, what if something is found to totally eliminate a disease but isn't patentable? The company surely isn't going to release that information if it's in an area they're trying to generate profits. On top of that the low-profit-margin solution will have to fight the big-profit companies marketing campaigns directly or indirectly against them. That is totally the opposite behaviour behind the point of innovation and capitalism. The purpose of capitalism is to drive innovation, and the point of innovation is to reduce costs to zero, so then those savings can be past onto increasing innovation in other needed areas; Currently those profits are used to further research of other profit-potential patentable drugs. Thankfully we have universities but even those people resources and their efforts are driven much of the time by big companies looking for profitable options. Discovery and innovation should be rewarded by society, however preventing others from easily furthering an innovation or using it in further inventions causes a huge delay (and potentially even permanently) to People fear monger and say innovation won't happen if you can't have patents, which I don't believe to be true. One of the main keys is you need education systems in place, and we have those. I'm not planning to do anything for NYE myself. I don't particularly even want to be around my family as that can really be not fun at all, further isolation is actually a better option out of those two. I wonder how much lobbying hotels did to push this through. This doesn't address getting investment, nor finding a technical co-founder. You don't mention how much personal money they are bootstrapping or have access to either. I've been doing this a long while now and after bootstrapping and making mistakes, I am seemingly still not near being able to do what I want (either through getting investment or finding a technical co-founder). Steal your shoes. "Often this kind of student never makes it to the end. He flunks himself by dropping out. He ends on a soda fountain or doing yard work, but all the time reading and studying because a good mind is always hungry. Now one of the things about Lisp, and I've seen it before, is that Lisp is a real magnet for this kind of mind. Once you understand that, and see that it is this kind of mind that has contributed a lot to the culture of Lisp, you begin to see why Lisp is, like many of its proponents, a brilliant failure. It shares the peculiar strengths and weaknesses of the brilliant bipolar mind (BBM). Why is this? Well, its partly to do with vision. The 'vision thing' as George Bush Snr. once described it, is really one of the strengths of the BBM. He can see far; further than in fact his strength allows him to travel. He conceives of brilliant ambitious projects requiring great resources, and he embarks on them only to run out of steam. It's not that he's lazy; its just that his resources are insufficient." This stage in behaviour will eventually subside as we discover and experience the negative side-effects of such a facade of quality of life. Lack of activity and obesity, lack of education for allowing socializing and deep bonding, lack of real socializing and bonding / relationships with people; It keeps us in our heads, and not grounded - not connected. As Carlota Per sees it, we are heading towards a shift to wellness, and quality; Eliminating planned obsolescence, etc., and this will include more time for and with eachother. Figured this out too. I'm looking for a tech co-founder now so then I can continue.. Very much agree. I am planning to do a blog post that will touch on the idea that what investors promote as "the only way" is purely promoting and reenforcing a schema that's purely to their benefit. For me this had set very unhealthy psychological boundaries and pressures to work within. There are completely different ways though, as you state with your friend who slowly grew his venture over a couple of years. That high pressure path is addictive to many though, as you mentioned. I am okay with the slower path now - it's still a struggle but I'm currently hoping I can arrange my life to have the support I need to get me through the time and finance it on my own as I go, and perhaps smaller levels of investment from the local community. It's just not worth killing yourself over (literally or not), and you know, you still might just get lucky - it might just happen you get an opportunity for a large investment down the road. I have to assume it's based on having experience or not. If you don't have experience and had the opportunity to make mistakes then you have to make those mistakes, and they will have cost to them. Personality and feeling matter. The true issue which is ignored is that diversity in crops must be maintained. Monsanto wouldn't want this to be a topic though because that would be contrary to their goals; Diversity means hundreads if not thousands of variations in neighbouring crops, not just one or a few. If society supports the smaller farmers, in case their crop is hit that year, then they can survive financially / pay bills. This is in fact the safest way to do it. Thanks for sharing to remind us all. A non-compete for a minimum of X years clause might have helped the sting a bit. It's pushed and promoted as what you need to do in order to get investment because VCs feel there's less risk that way. I guess the alternative is you don't get your product built. Fetch Merge Commit Push -- I love this - thank you for sharing. I think this should be taken to Reddit to get PayPal to change their ways, and/or fundraise money to sue PayPal to change this practice. I would ask for proof of their 'reasonable belief' that it was counterfeit; If they don't provide, sue them for breaking TOS. "Antidepressants may prime the adult brain to rewire faulty circuits during therapy." Considered faulty circuits because stimuli was repeatedly presented with pain/an electric shock? This article also doesn't tell us why it's seemingly plastic. Also, it was only once the mice were removed the painful environment that ... so how about just remove people from a negative environment? What happens to the mice if you put them on Prozac, and the pain is still there? Do they learn to fear it even greater/stronger? Try this with MDMA along with therapy and you'll desensitize the mice/people too; http://www.maps.org/mdma/protocol/ Your basing your thoughts on the perception that 'yoga is gentle and easy.' This is farther from the truth: There is a spectrum. Most yoga people actually start out with are the more vigorous forms. Starting on your own is a generally a bad idea, unless you have a friend who is experienced and can help you properly understand positioning. There's some very proper positioning you need to know to avoid injury, or creating weakness / going farther than you should initially, and everyone's body is different. There is no one book that will not have excess information than what a beginner needs to know. It's very different when you have completely different environments (eg: contexts) to pull your mind into a different mode. Your mind will very quickly switch. Like most starting up multiple startups though you have one space where you work, and therefore you need to figure out other queues to create context for what you're working on - and try to eliminate other distractions from unrelated things. This is very hard for me, which is why the alternative is to work on only 1 project. Of course life itself includes more than 1 project. Logo suggestion: The 'f' in the font you're using can very easily be mistaken for a T From his listed skills he clearly can find a job, it's a matter of finding a job you want to work at with a culture that will let you enjoy the life you live. You have that option when you are in high demand. I still have huge cognitive dissonance regarding this. Get happiness from the people you find who support you with your passion. 'Not being public' is an 'exclusivity club' ploy to make new members want to join and be apart of the fun.. The Winklevoss Brothers' idea of exclusivity for Harvar / .edu emails helped Facebook similarly with initial growth. ~300 subscribers without much labor from you anymore isn't working well? Edit: Checking out the website, from a sales funnel / marketing perspective, there are many things you could do to increase the sales just from the current traffic you're receiving - and would likely reduce the new customer acquisition cost from $60. Edit2: Other things can be done to reduce churn rate as well. Well, there are plenty of things you can do if you understand nuances of marketing - just with the design, sales copy (text on the page), and other marketing pieces. You have a good start. And really I'm jealous of what you've accomplished so far. You could make this 10 times bigger with little effort, and time. I think Rupert Murdoch has been called much worse. Feel like science-fiction to anyone else? Re: Secretaries - Or hiring their partner to be their secretary, although the partnership likely makes sense if they get along that well (co-founders in a way) Have you made a final decision on no-nested comments/replying? There are some comments related to adding nesting as a feature, as you can even see with your own comment reply here- it's useful and pretty much a necessity these days to make sense of conversation. I was wondering when something like this would be made. Thanks. Hope lots of people contribute. You want dirty toilets? That's not very inviting or pleasant.. I'm glad you brought this up. It can be unhelpful/damaging to tell someone "this is the way." It could cause cognitive dissonance, confusion, and conflict for many between one's own previous experiences of what they are currently capable with and what is being stated they are required to do to be successful. I go through this very often. The latest being the push that's going to around, mainly that VCs and incubators perpetuated, that you need to find technical co-founders. This mainstream idea is promoted because it reduces the risk for those who will profit/benefit from reduced risk in their investments. Likewise, people who are, as you call them, hyperproductive, will probably have more successes from having more experiences and also be the personality to be vocal of their methods and will have more experience and success to be vocal about. Throw charges at everyone and see what sticks? Plus, they can try to leverage them to plea against their main targets / give evidence against them. That doesn't mean you'll know the nuances of the situation if you've not done VC raising before. Nuances and confidence come from previous successful experiences. To bring this back to the article - of course a VC would prefer someone who has experience, and who of course will be easier to talk to then. It looks to be more closely aligned with if people know how to execute or how much experience they have with doing so, taking and processing information. Personally, I'm not good processing information and acting on it quickly - some of it, sure, but it takes time for certain types of information to sit. Sometimes I'm sure I overthink what needs to be done, instead of just initiating and playing off of what happens. Similar questions should be raised regarding all other companies boasting their engagement rates. Hit a site with Facebook widhets and comments? Do they consider that engagement? shrug Would 'asking for advice' not be contrued as 'hand-holding' then - as it's not something you take and immediately run with? I personally don't see anything wrong with it, but I'm guessing the VC and entrepreneurs aren't aligned in expectations in that instance then. I just looked up more for those interested - here's a book for the general public on the subject: http://www.chapters.indigo.ca/home/search/?keywords=Get%20ou... I'd like to ask what size your goals are, in order for you to have met all of them? Are they the size of "I will send this email today" or larger which include more micro-management?