Yeah you're not alone there, the stupid idea that windows now needs to be fully tablet capable without a keyboard to the detriment of everyone else using it normally. Literally making the interface less informative and adding clicks, waiting and gestures to achieve actions that should've been a single point and click. I call it the "BIG BATAN" ideology, as everything needs to be a clean oversized button without any extra options or functionality. Stupid mobile OS features creeping into desktop for no good reason. I swear if MS eventually removes the don't group fallback I'm finally ditching Win for KDE and never coming back. Everyone asks how to build a search engine with Ruby on Rails, but nobody asks why build a search engine with Ruby on Rails... The real question: is it really mightier than the SWORD So it just needs subsidies to be economical then. I suppose this is a bad time to mention that commercial airlines would all have to close down years ago if it wasn't for the tax free fuel they get to use. If something's useful enough we can make it happen regardless. Manatee farms when? There was this Veratasium video recently about this very thing, apparently boredom is indeed crucial for creativity. So in a sense, cultured people like cultured meat. That's fantastic, someone ought to integrate this with Mycroft, stat. Yeah, besides Tesla has been collecting data for like a decade now, I'm sure they have enough of it to make a robust enough system for the US at large, especially with their Dojo training chip. At the end of the day it just needs to be better than the average human, and that's frankly not the highest bar unfortunately. To be frank, the lane keeping ADAS has been out for years and most car manufacturers offer such a thing on their high end models. Usually radar supported and pretty reliable from what I hear. Perhaps it's not the best idea to use these more advanced Level 4 systems in the densest city yet, but most of driving does usually happen on highways and regional roads so it's not a major loss. I'm sure someone will eventually figure out how to detect "eyyy im walkin eer" and honk back automatically, and then it should be usable in NY as well. > versions of AI that are hidden from the public both private and military I do think you overestimate how much the military has its shit together. These systems need gigantic amounts of driving data to train and nobody else has that aside from car manufacturers with their fleets. And out of those Tesla is the one that's been doing it the longest. Yeah the majority of the pushback probably comes from people over expecting what the system should do from overzealous marketing, but the tech is slowly getting there regardless. Whoever says the software flat out doesn't perform either hasn't been keeping up with development or has other motives. Tell me the difference between fraud and hype and I'll have the games industry arrested. I'm not happy with human drivers doing that either, but it does seem to happen. And that is after all the real life benchmark. Or perhaps.. aspergers? Which Elon does have. Yall are placing way too much emphasis on an outburst of an autist with a medical disorder. Or get this, we could walk and never get into a car crash! Well I do think it's very possible if not certain that they have unusually advanced systems that have been kept secret, but I would expect them to be in the areas they actually have data for. As in security cameras, finances, cell tower data, etc. Facial and gait recognition, location tracking, etc. far beyond anything commercially available. But I'd doubt they have an AGI behind closed doors :P Meanwhile Python: "Yeah if you could rewrite your entire codebase every few years because of some changes nobody fuckin asked for, yeah that would be great. Oh and by the way, we're dropping support for non-latest versions of the language lmao." Always ask string return questions, got it. He's right though, there are lots of articles being written by bots even in print these days, not being able to tell the difference between a somewhat bad writer and a bot is what makes them viable. And the tech just keeps getting better every day. Same goes for cars, it's not a thing until it is. Looking forward to that Mad Max sequel. "Where is your god now?" "Right behind you." Just stick a Starlink antenna on it, dummies. /s But how do they pay the gas fees? :P American Express Ireland: chuckles "I'm in danger" This is literally their entire economy lmao. These absurd speeds result in a significant amount of aerodynamic heating, so assuming the booster is simply not shielded much it'll likely disintegrate in seconds after being detached and no longer in the missile's shadow. Well it's widely known that Dr. Evil outsourced his sharks with laser beams to IBM, that makes sense to me. The thing about decentralized things though... they tend to be nigh impossible to effectively ban. People still have journalistic integrity these days? Now that's a real joke. When has the will of the people ever effected what politicians do? Well given how absurdly big the difference is, and the main thing he did was render on demand instead of 7000fps I think he has a good reason to be condescending and they totally deserve it for wasting millions of people's time with this shit. You call for a referendum, and block all Murdoch media for a few months before it. > In 2016–17, foreign firms paid 80% of Irish corporate tax, employed 25% of the Irish labour force (paid 50% of Irish salary tax), and created 57% of Irish OECD non-farm value-add. As of 2017, 25 of the top 50 Irish firms were U.S.–controlled businesses, representing 70% of the revenue of the top 50 Irish firms. (Wikipedia) Are you sure about that? If the EU enforces what they preach and Ireland loses its tax haven state they could lose a huge chunk of their GDP. Well it sure is the place to find out for sure. They've already disrupted facebook, run! Siri can't start an outdoor walk, silly. She doesn't have legs. Well I've been thoroughly nerd sniped by that game, so much for a productive Tuesday. IPv9 is where it's at. > $6.9 million in emotional damages Elon probably saw that number and was like "nice". Yeah now it's just a matter of time till someone makes a dock for it that isn't 1 square mile in area: https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/compute-module-4-io-boa... . Doesn't sound like this kind of complicated string eval would be able to do 1000Hz but then again I also have no clue where you could possibly need that for a snake game. On an oscilloscope you'd need to produce vector lines to move from/to right? Also when it comes to video game addiction it's always just psychological addiction, not actual physical addiction. Often correlated with stress or boredom, and when that's removed it's usually not too hard to adjust back from what I've seen. HAHA WHAT DO YOU MEAN, FELLOW HUMAN? Leo: "If you take a cookie I will be forced to add one full day to your sentence." Probably can't start in Netscape Navigator either, the audacity. To be fair, they were using extremely hard water so the lead quickly accumulated a layer of calcium carbonate which made them mostly safe to use. Well the why makes it far easier to make the process repeatable, so yes it matter a lot. I think the wrong assumption here is that we humans are completely fine with teflon overheating on the other hand. PFAS chemicals released really do mess with just about everything and anything in our body, the results just aren't seen on short time scales. We really should be taking steps towards a worldwide ban of this yet another asbestos-ass miracle material which sounds too good to be true because well, it is. Can we get one supplement pill that merges all of those that need to be consumed? Kthx. An annual production of 600 GWh worth of batteries, that will be mostly used in vehicles. For reference, annual EU power production is roughly 2778000 GWh, it's a drop in an ocean. Li-Ions are frankly a terrible solution for grid storage, pumped hydro is the only thing that makes sense on these scales.