I would say college cannot be resold, but it is sold in the first place. I looked up the Wikipedia article for "Economic Bubble", which defined it as "trade in high volumes at prices that are considerably at variance with intrinsic values." A college education is definitely a product, even though it is completely illiquid. I would definitely agree that many or even most people are paying more for college than it is worth, though not in every field and not at every school. I hope your peers aren't unaware of the class privileges they are enjoying. Getting an undergrad and then going into a low-paying service job is tough if you're poor. I just went there. #1 question? "What are the must hit brothels on a biz trip to Prague?" Yeah, that's classy right there. Nitpicky: You don't get a key somewhere. You make your own keypair, and send the public key off to be signed. It costs ~$100/year + you need an IP address, compare that to what I pay for shared hosting ($75/year including domain) and you get your answer. 18/20. Everything but Mattel and Toyota. I didn't know Arial was so ugly before taking this. So I've got a process running as root. I want it to spawn a new process running as user1, in /var/fred, with a pipe to stdin and direct stdout to /var/log/greg. First I create the pipe, then call fork. In the child, I chdir to /var/fred, open /var/log/greg, run fdup2 on the pipe and on the handle to /var/log/greg, setuid to user1, and then finally call exec. Show me an API that can do that without fork. All the popen / spawn / system functions are not system calls but rather library functions which operate by calling fork. XIBs are hardly magic. Make some UI objects in a XIB. They're just serialized to the XIB. "Outputs" are just fields with values. "Actions" are just objects and method names. What this solves is that it's a pain to position UI elements with hand-coded coordinates. It also gets in the way of localizing the UI. You can't always just use the same UI in Germany where the words are longer. With XIBs, you just copy the XIB, resize the text boxes as necessary, and enter in the localized text. I would agree, however, if you are writing a game then you wouldn't use XIBs. It's not because XIBs are magic (they're fairly straightforward) but because a game UI is nothing like the UI problem that XIBs were designed to solve. "Reasoning by analogy" The people who made your car were legally required to test your model of car by crashing it into another one and making sure the airbags work. This is also too expensive to test yourself. One does not modify an airbag system at all without retesting it. Your hosting provider has no legal requirement to test their backup system. At best, they have a contractual obligation. And they don't know how to test recovering your site, because testing whether it works is a different process for each site. Additionally, it's cheap to test backup procedures. Most people have a spare computer somewhere (maybe not in the data center), and it should only take a few hours to restore a copy of your site. Once a year. For Chris's sake, you could probably do it in the background and put a movie on. Well, I'm a bit more cynical than you. However, Jack in the Box is probably one of the least likely chains to experience an E. Coli O157:H7 outbreak (since 1993, at least). I think it's more of an observation about which of the two are _real_ men, and less an observation about Google. Looks suspiciously like the professor's notes from the linear algebra class I took (on the opposite side of the same country) for the first part. Then my professor started talking about homomorphisms, and things started getting GOOD. A vector space is an abelian group, a scalar field, and a homomorphism from the field to automorphisms of the group. That's all you need to remember for definitions. Almost everything decreases in value over time, such is the nature of progress. I can have tens of GFLOPS available to me for a couple hundred dollars, in 1984 I would have paid $15M per GFLOPS. That's a decrease of value of over 99.999%, in only a quarter century. Someday gold will be cheap, too, either because the bubble bursts or some researcher makes a gold machine. I don't have a right to value. Cash has always been a relatively poor investment, useful only because its convenience and liquidity are second to none. Inflation serves both of these purposes. If you don't want to use dollars, you CAN invest in stocks, gold, or just get chickens for bartering. Okay, this one is just... too easy. I can see why some people might find it confusing, though. Kitchenaid mixer. Totally awesome. I just submitted an entry. And it doesn't do any stupid stuff like that. No overruns, no pointer tricks, no funny syntax. All the string handling is even done correctly. My exploit abuses a simple, safe API call that sometimes behaves in a way people don't expect if they're not looking for it. Gah. It looks like it doesn't support removing packages. I won't call it a package manager if it can't remove packages. Every once in a while, I used to think, "What about Lua? Wouldn't Lua be nice?" Then I would start reading the docs, and stop when I came to the "local" keyword. Ick. Variables are global by default, you have to explicitly label local bindings. If any scope is the default, it should be local scope. Accessing an uninitialized variable is also not an error. Chalk this up to personal taste, but this reminds me too much of bad experiences in bash scripting. The languages I prefer: Python, Haskell, C, Scheme, Common Lisp... never play so fast and loose with where your variables go. I just made a similar complaint over at Reddit. Maybe interesting, maybe not. http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/b5v64/tired_of_... The closed form solution isn't O(1). It's Ω(2^N) since the number of digits in the output is Θ(2^N). I was going to post this exact comment on the blog but it requires some kind of draconian registration scheme. I guess the blogger doesn't really like getting feedback. Krav Maga is pretty cool, but I wouldn't call it a "martial art". There are no aesthetics in Krav Maga, no spectators, no tournaments, and no rules. Krav Maga is for people who want to defend themselves efficiently. Ahh, I remember using it way back in the day. Back then, my idea of revision control was "make a copy of the source code for each version". Here's a more complete list: http://www.ralentz.com/old/mac/humor/mpw-c-errors.html My favorite error message is perhaps "Symbol table full - fatal heap error; please go buy a RAM upgrade from your local Apple dealer" While I waited for the article to load, I was on the edge of my seat. Is it going to be dated 2010, or 2000? "Who Has the Biggest Bears"... awesome. Yes, yes, YES! I loathe the 1024-byte kilobyte. Because I sometimes want to do math. Lets say I want to put 6h33m of video on a 4.7 GB DVD. What bitrate do I choose? Ah, 4.7e9*8 bit / 23580 s = 1.59 Mbit/s. Now what happens if we use powers of two? I have to type a lot more into my calculator. This was my question, so I looked at the source. It refers to a page on algorithms that claims that it is 8-bit clean, i.e., it preserves non-ascii characters but does not modify them. I then compiled a test program to verify this, because the bit twiddling in the source code looks a little nuanced. It IS 8-bit clean. Although, if you're looking for something that converts non-ascii characters to their lower case equivalents, just use LibICU. This library looks nice for decoding things like HTTP which have plenty of ascii-only case insensitivity. I'm a little fuzzy on the concept of using template libraries inside PHP. What's the advantage over just using PHP in the first place? I learned "corporate" to get a job. It's comes with a huge collection of bizarre operators with baffling precedence rules and a template library that spews out errors to rival C++ STL circa 1999. It also changes, my most recent job introduced me to the "cloud" type which got everyone excited but then we learned it causes segfaults whenever it interacts with the standard "security" classes, and suddenly I'm managing two separate platforms. If you did use a dedicated client-side app, it could be made more secure than HTTPS for those who don't trust the CA system. The explicit trust of all CAs (and there are many, scattered throughout the world) makes HTTPS a lot weaker than the algorithms alone would suggest. I find the arguments presented poorly constructed and unsound. Examples: "These and similar statements show that Hitchens equates morality with altruism" (does not follow from given quotes, furthermore this is a setup for a straw man argument) "... it is observationally false that humans possess an innate sense of right and wrong: Many people, and not just psychopaths, make horrifically bad choices that ruin their own lives, the lives of others, or both." (this argument is unsound; the author states that since some people make bad choices sometimes, then humans must not know right from wrong innately. It's like saying "It's observationally false that humans possess eyesight: many people, and not just the blind, fail to see the mayonnaise when they go to the refrigerator even when it's right in the door.") "Ironically, the claim to innate knowledge—the claim to “just knowing” something—is precisely what Hitchens and the other New Atheists condemn when they condemn faith." (Other than the author's misuse of the term "irony", I have not heard the "new atheists" put forth such an argument and the author does not put forth a citation or quote to support this claim. As I see it, rather than condemning innate knowledge, the "new atheists" condemn what they see as baseless claims of fact.) "Hitchens subscribes to the idea that man is mentally and thus morally hampered by innate irrationality." A slight bit later, "If man cannot choose his actions, then he cannot have a guide to choosing his actions." So the author takes a quote from Hitchens where Hitchens says humans are "only partly rational" (Hitchen's words as quoted by the author) and then concludes that Hitchens thinks that man "cannot choose his actions" (I know that the phrase appeared after the word "if", but you can parse the full three paragraphs or so yourself). I stopped reading the article at this point due to the high density of illogical statements. Stylistically, I find it in poor taste to capitalize "new atheists", but there's no accounting for taste. Knowledge of, but as a statistics geek, I see a lot of people (like this guy) throw around the term "hidden Markov model" when they don't know what "hidden" means in context. In this context, an ordinary Markov model would be more appropriate. A hidden Markov model denotes the existence of some dynamic parameter that the computer cannot directly observe, such as the user's current mood. Such a model would take into account transitions between "happy" and "angry" in addition to transitions between "Firefox" and "TextMate". These additional hidden variables are very useful in a wide variety of circumstances, but in this situation I suspect it would cause a combinatorial explosion of state space with little measurable benefit to the user. "Gerstein said that this organization arises because software engineers tend to save money and time by building upon existing routines rather than starting systems from scratch." Bull. There are two reasons why the shapes are different. 1. The bottom of the Linux graph is smaller because there are not very many primitive operations on a computer. Data is homogenous. There are 256 interchangeable values for a byte. By comparison, a bacterium has to use separate pieces of machinery to handle chemicals made up of the dozens of non-interchangeable elements that it works with. On a computer, you might use one single function for searching binary search trees all over the place in different systems, regardless of the data. In a bacterium, when code gets copied, the copy is modified. Every new application is a fork of some other application, welcome to a developer's nightmare (a good argument against ID... a designer would never duplicate so much code). Developers reuse code because they can, bacteria doesn't reuse code because it can't. 2. The top of the Linux graph is larger because computers have to do more. Computers get selected for features. Bacteria get selected for survival. The bacteria have to "just work", whereas people expect to be able to configure computers. I can plug 100 different network cards into my computer, but don't expect to plug a different flagellum into a bacterium. Maybe it's just a matter of level, if you picked a higher point in the call graph eventually you'd get to "main", no? 50% gray isn't a medium gray, it is actually a fairly light gray. On an average PC monitor it is rgb(186,186,186) (assuming sRGB). Photographers often use 18% or 12.5% gray (0.18 or 0.125 albedo) as a medium gray depending on the tonal range they're working with -- these values are the geometric average of white and black in photographs with five and six stops of range, respectively. Then there's the issue of print versus the web. In print, you can call a color neutral because it reflects light which is the same color as the illuminant. I'm skeptical about "neutral gray" on a website, viewed in a variety of different environments with a variety of different backlights. Fill your screen with pure white, look at it on a sunny day and then again late at night. You'll find it's shifted from a yellowish white to a bluish white. I'm also skeptical about a mathematical formula for "emotionally flat colors". It seems I could choose a bright red, yellow, and blue and get them to center on neutral gray, and use that for my american hot dog stand. Then I could take a few shades of black and white, centered on neutral gray again, and use them to paint the corporate office. Neither seems emotionally flat to me. You said he should have been doing a rebase. I disagree. Almost always, if you think you should rebase, you really should merge instead. "Pretty severe" lack of professionalism? It's not unprofessional not to turn the warnings all the way up and sift through each and every one. Some of us work code inherited from other people with different coding guidelines, and some of the warnings will generate loads of messages for code that is not only technically correct but stylistically correct as well. The unused parameter warning is one of the biggest offenders in this area. And if you have a hundred warnings for unused parameters, which ones do you pay attention to? Another potential issue is that the code in the patch might almost never be called in the first place. Most libc implementations (three that I know of, where I've examined the "memset" source) have a "memset" like that as a fallback only for platforms without an assembly version. I'd say the problem is that there are several different ways this error could have been detected sooner: warnings, test, static analysis tools, and review, but none of them worked. But again, it's also possible that the code is never called because assembly versions are always available. This essay makes asserts that, for example, a human could never write a chess program that is better at playing chess than the human is, because the human could always just run the chess program by hand, given time. This is like saying that no computer is more powerful than any other computer, given sufficient storage and time. But limits on storage and time are THE limits. This is a very poor way to define "power". "Limerence" specifically refers to infatuation with a person. "Cathexis" is a broader term which also applies to objects or ideas. AD vs. BC: I prefer using CE with negative numbers, as suggested by ISO 8601. E.g., year -30 CE is year 31 BC. A lot of people find this article well written, or alternately, they find the article patronizing and some are angry at it. I just think the article is incorrect, which is a necessary consequence of its sweeping generalizations. A quote from the article: "You are a mess." The author spends much of the article telling the reader how unhappy the reader is, how much the reader is suffering. From a rhetorical perspective, I can understand why the author would do this. Yet I'm not convinced that I'm unhappy, and the rest of the article falls apart without that foundation. "It [life] is an emotional roller coaster, and you spend a lot of your time down at the bottom of the ramp, yearning for the heights." To me, life feels more like emotional airplane, at home above the clouds but makes the occasional layover in Detroit. Your experiences may vary. Both are stable. Both will continue to be stable for a long time. The main difference lies with third party library support. There are a number of third party libraries that don't work with Python 3 yet. They will get ported eventually. If you want to use a library that doesn't support 3, then the choice is made for you. The second difference lies with Linux distributions. On most distros you can just install the "python3" package and everything works, on a few distros you'll have to install Python 3 yourself or hunt down the right package repository (my info may be a year behind or so, I'm not sure). This also applies to third party libraries -- even if the library supports Python 3, your distro might not have a package for it, even if it has a package for that library for Python 2. It's fairly easy (most of the time) to write code for Python 2.x that converts to Python 3 code with the bundled "2to3" converter. I do this for any script I might ever want to give to someone else or run on a computer that's not mine. Otherwise, I just write straight Python 3 code. Assuming, of course, that I don't need some library. I don't think the circumstances compare. Python 3.x is different in a bunch of little ways from 2.x. Just like you say Rails 3 runs on Ruby 1.8 and 1.9, most Python libraries will run on 2.5, 2.6, or 2.7 (often 2.4 as well) without modification. Python 3.x breaks these libraries. Python 2.7 is also several months newer than Python 3.1. It reminds me of the 2.4 -> 2.6 transition for the Linux kernel. People were using 2.4 for a long time. Heck, you can still find Linux 2.4 in the wild. That's a big assumption. From another perspective, if one does not believe that any god (should it exist) intervenes in human affairs, then the question of whether it does exist would be not as interesting. Addition: Atheists can sound pedantic when it comes to word order, but this pedantry has a point. Compare the following two sentences: "I'm asking you to not join the Navy." "I'm not asking you to join the Navy." The difference in word order is the same as the different phrasings between different atheists: "I do not believe god exists." (I call this atheism) "I believe god does not exist." (I call this strong atheism) By this same logic I could argue that no scientist is Christian, and no Christian is a scientist. Ask any scientist who is Christian, "does a good scientist believe claims that cannot be independently verified?" Then ask, "do you believe in god?" The questions "are you a good scientist?" and "can the existence of god be independently verified?" follow. You'll force this poor scientist to admit they're not a good scientist, or perhaps as a compromise you can say that the existence of god is a hypothesis which they have not yet been able to test to their satisfaction (which doesn't sound like belief to me). Okay, that's actually not the most common result (I might expect a lecture on politesse, or perhaps a simple request to shut my trap). But I find it detestable to go around and tell people that they label themselves wrong, e.g., "You are not a true atheist." It's almost as villainous to say things like "Strong atheists do not exist." when there are plenty of people who claim to be strong atheists. Say instead something like, "strong atheism is not a tenable position." Or, "strong atheism is logically inconsistent." Then, at least, I won't think of you quite so poorly, and we can argue logic instead of identity. For the record, I'm positive that there are many good scientists who are also Christians. I'm also positive that there are many strong atheists. P.S. It's bad enough that as a bisexual male I don't exist, but as a strong atheist too I doubly don't exist. Harsh. 5. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" cannot be meaningfully answered due to flaws in the nature of the question, then you are a theological noncognitivist. 6. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" cannot be answered before defining "god", then you are an ignosticist. An ignosticist who claims that "god" cannot be defined is therefore also claiming that "does a god exist?" can never be answered. 7. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" is not worth answering, then you are apatheistic. 8. Alternatively, if you choose to assume that the answer to the question, "does a god exist?" is "no", but do not consider it worth the effort to attempt to answer the question conclusively, then you are apatheistic. 9. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" cannot be answered because the question cannot be correctly communicated due to differences in the definition of "god" and/or "exist" between the idiolects of the persons attempting to communicate the question to each other, then you are a philosophy major. 9b. If (9) above applies but you manage to work the word "qualia" into the discussion, then you are a philosophy major and I'm changing the subject. When you're coding, progress is immediately rewarded by a mechanism in the brain that releases pleasurable chemicals whenever you hit a milestone. It's like playing Diablo II and hearing that "ding" when you level up. (At least, this is the case for me. Especially when writing new features or refactoring.) But the reward system for the other work (release) isn't built into your brain yet. You can trudge through it, or you can try to hack together a reward system for your brain until it's burned into place. You can promise yourself that when you ship, you'll go out to a fancy dinner, buy a video game, or go to the beach. If you have a spouse / significant other, you can ask them to take you out to dinner if you ship (this is, in my opinion, one of the best perks of not being single). Your brain isn't a bulging mass of sheer willpower, although it's pleasant to pretend it is. You've got to figure out a way to get yourself to do the things that you want yourself to do, as much as that sounds like it doesn't make sense. Agnostic is, "I don't know whether god exists." Apatheistic starts with, "I don't care whether god exists." But it often continues from there, and apatheists can also include as their beliefs "Questions of theology should not motivate morality." Some apatheists are strongly atheistic and not agnostic, saying "God doesn't exist, but this fact is irrelevant to human affairs." I find apatheist theists not inconceivable, "God exists but who cares?" Kind of like when you ask, "How many feet are there in a mile?" and I say, "The answer to your question is irrelevant because you should switch to metric. It is wrong to use imperial units for any purpose. And there are 5,280 feet in a mile." I can honestly say that I don't care how many feet there are in a mile, and yet I know the correct number. It sounds like Haskell just isn't your style, but you're saying that Haskell is bad for "real-world" programming. And it sounds like you've never really used Haskell seriously (just a guess, most Haskellers I've met get over their monad fixation within a few months, yet you describe them as "artillery"). If you like Clojure so much, why not go champion that instead of complaining about Haskell? Besides, if you use "how easy is it to implement 'memoize'" as a benchmark then you'll always end up choosing a Lisp. You can litter printfs in your code, you'll just get a lot of hate if you do it in library code that you share. It's fine when debugging to write a "debug printf" function using "unsafePerformIO". Yes, it mixes side effects into pure code, but that's fine for debugging purposes. -- totally OK! go ahead! it won't crash or anything! debugPrint :: String -> a -> a debugPrint s x = unsafePerformIO (putStrLn s >> return x) You could also implement a memoization function using "unsafePerformIO". No, you won't get a visit from the FP purity police for doing so, it's perfectly fine. Why? Using "unsafePerformIO" in a function does NOT mean that that function is impure. It merely means that the compiler will not inform you whether the function is pure or impure -- the compiler's safety checks are bypassed when you use the function. Here's how I'd type the memoize function: memoize :: Ord a => (a -> b) -> IO (a -> b) Notice how it gives you a pure function out. No need to do stuff at the runtime level, or write compiler hints. It just works. If you want to memoize some nasty function: -- Totally fine! Unless nastyFunction is polymorphic... nastyFunction :: Paper -> PublishedBook nastyFunctionMemoized = unsafePerformIO (memoize nastyFunction) If you're new to Haskell, don't write memoize yourself if you want a version that works with polymorphic functions as that requires some more advanced techniques. Most people who need a memoized function don't need a polymorphic one though.