Interesting observations. As someone who has been in hiring positions over several years, the signal to noise ratio in recruiting consistently goes down. On-line recruiting used to be the domain of the talented. Now that everyone is on-line, the professional job-searchers have more time on their hands. Let's say the unqualified outnumber the qualified by 5 to 1. They're also job-searching on company time, so they send out 5 times as many resumes as the qualified. Their resumes then outnumber the qualified by 25 to 1. This gives you the ratios that Peroni sees. What's hard - very hard - is that good engineers aren't great at writing job descriptions that are useful to HR recruiters. Conversely, many good HR recruiters still don't understand technical job descriptions. In the end, this is why the best recruiting method still seems to be, "Ask your best person who their most capable friend is." My 2 cents... What is more likely to create a company built to last? 1) A firm starved for cash, but with boadloads of the best talent or 2) A firm starved for talent, but with boatloads of cash In situation 1, a great leader can create gold. In situation 2, all a leader can do is line their pockets. In 2002 and 2008 there were fantastic people that were unemployed through no fault of their own. People who just aren't visible in normal times. In many cases, these top performers already have money, so they can take a risk. Better to invest sweat in the dark days than cash in the bright ones. There are two unwritten assumptions in this post: 1 - The company focuses on people as appreciable assets, as opposed to costs to be minimized. 2 - There is not diminishing returns for chasing the best. Where this is true and recognized, companies don't nickel and dime employees. It is usually true in the best recruiter of each talent focused industry. Like them or not, this is in part why Goldman Sachs and McKinsey succeed, as well as top software firms. Once you view people as costs to be minimized (think the auto industry) or there is diminishing returns on individual excellence (think Wal-mart) then this system breaks down. The headline is a little more downbeat than the story, no? As I read it, they say that private VC investment is moving from research to development. This is consistent with the nature of VC funds - they usually have to pay back investor money within 7-10 years. The research cycle in physical sciences is frequently long enough that adding development pushes the idea beyond 10 years. As such, VCs are more interested in bringing already researched ideas (or incremental ideas) to market. There are 2.5 antidotes to this: 1) The government can fund more basic research, similar to biology. 2) The government can put a revenue neutral tax on unclear energy. (Carbon taxing) They can use to revenue to fund #1, or give it back in the form of lower taxes. Even the latter will create financial incentives to fund alternatives. 2.5) Fund longer term (10-15 year time horizon?) VC style investments with public funds, either through pensions or other dedicated funds. This would be similar to Singapore. I am fairly confident that #1 will help, as it benefits other areas in science. There is potential for waste, but lots of residual benefits. I am very confident that #2 will work, as it lines up everyone's incentives to solve the problems. I am only slightly confident that #2.5 will work, as it is not a business model that has worked in many other places. Call me jaded, but this doesn't seem so bad to me. If I like something, I am putting that out in the public. I expect it to be on my feed. Why wouldn't it be used more efficiently to tell others what I like? My view is that both Facebook and LinkedIn are services where everything defaults to public. What is strange is I don't feel this way about Amazon - I view my reviews to be public, but my personal ratings should not be. Same with Netflix. It is a very subtle distinction, and apparently not everyone thinks this way. I think abusing private personal information is a much worse crime. Good point. The more people are scared, the less they'll give useful information, and the less they'll benefit from the service, so the less they'll give useful information... Public versus private is a tough one, because many times I do click through to things largely based on who recommends them. In a sense it's like having a baby. There are always 100 financial reasons to postpone, but if you wait too long (despite 100 good reasons!) you wind up saying, "I wish I done this years ago!" On the one hand, the article can be depressing - each fallout is a dream that died. On the other hand, one of the things that makes the Valley succeed is it's capacity to celebrate failure. A mistake? What did you learn? Now move on! Companies that facilitate this are part of what makes for such a healthy eco-system. Compare this to Japan - much of their lost decade(s?) was caused by an inability to accept failure, and shut down unproductive firms. Don't just think of compensation in terms of dollars and equity today. Also consider: - What are the benefits implications? - How much will this increase your future marketability through connections and learning? - How will this impact your ability to do things outside of work? (10 hour workday? 12? 16?) - What will the work environment do to your mental health? As items with current and future $ implications, this is part of the compensation discussion. To paraphrase one of the Great Ones, "They're Not Dead Yet!" I had two folks re-interview with me who in the past 6 months had declined offers from my firm. They both went to other firms, and massively failed. In my eyes they are now more valuable to me, not less. More maturity, humility, sense of boundaries, etc... In both cases we re-extended the initial offers. In Japan it was a 2 tier issue. Insolvent (Zombie) banks were allowed to stay open. They in turn kept many insolvent companies alive. It's a testament to the strength of the Japanese that they kept the game going on for as long as they did. Of course it's not an exact analogy, but I share your concern that in the US we are trending towards a "Keep them open" mentality, rather than a "Try and try again". A recent quote from Michael Jordan has been making the rounds: (& I believe the real @ is much higher than 9000) "I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." Any time you have a massive government subsidy to an industry, people will eventually line up to scam it. In this case, it's a shame because there are a lot of innocent bystanders who get scammed. In addition to the taxpayer footing the bill by providing lower cost loans, people graduate the schools with worthless degrees. I am a big fan of charter schools, and in theory support for-profit colleges, but I wish I had more data points on where they succeed. Perhaps there will be a collegiate disruption similar to Khan Academy. The beauty of this discussion is not just "How to create memorable but hard to break password?" but "How much deep insight can a 4-6 frame cartoon contain?" The signal to noise ratio of xkcd is fantastic! They've again zipped a great discussion in just a few frames. Perhaps you could sell a 99 cents version on Amazon? Interesting post. I find work life balance to be very tightly coupled with the time horizon of the company. The 99 cents is arbitrary. Basically any number low enough to keep you from getting scammed. I was "yes, helpful" vote number 154 this morning. Hard to imagine too many others buying it. The charity idea is a good one too. Or you could create a beer fund for your fan base. :-) Or follow Knuth's example for people who find errors. I suspect this will all be resolved to your satisfaction shortly. Please keep us informed. The 99 cents is arbitrary. Basically any number low enough to keep you from getting scammed. I was "yes, helpful" vote number 154 this morning. Hard to imagine too many others buying it. The charity idea is a good one too. Or you could create a beer fund for your fan base. :-) Or follow Knuth's example for people who find errors. I suspect this will all be resolved to your satisfaction shortly. Please keep us informed. Seems inevitable, no? I get perhaps one meaningful piece of mail a week tops, and nothing that can't wait a week. There are peaks (weddings, Xmas, etc) but very little that justifies the scale of the system. I suspect this is true for a large percent of the population under 60 - at least the urgency part. The trend will continue. One secondary question - are the fixed costs so big that the system only works with huge volumes? Seems logical enough, no? There is diminishing personal benefit in getting another 2-3x returns. To quote The credit card companies - locking in your kids education is priceless. From a moral point of view - if firms are turning down billion dollar exits, they owe their early vested employees some liquidity. Of course the size of the rush to the exit is also indicative of the health of the firm. I hear you. From a personal view lot is BC/AC - before and after child. From a corporate view, it is a question of sprinting (to an exit or market opportunity) versus building for a longer time horizon. As we age, our priorities change, as do the types of places we choose to work. One success measure for academics is how long their ideas survive their passing. (As the Physicists perversely say, "The revolutions don't wait for the old professors to retire, they wait for them to die.") It's a testament to the deepness of EWD's ideas that they are still relevant in the field despite all that's changed. The link is now dead. I think that means you succeeded! The practical side is an interesting parallel to Knuth. Any best sources on his compiler? The core premise is sound. It is also consistent with research popularized in Blink, which shows how quickly people make up their mind. In practical terms, most times the proposer knows his subject more than the proposed. It takes the receiver of the information time and attention (both of which are scarce in decision makers) to deeply understand the pros and cons. So they fall back on heuristics: "Did this programmer meet their deadline last time?" "Are they wearing a suit?" "Did they go to a school I respect?" Early in my career, I thought, "It's only the content that matters. Anyone who disagrees is an idiot." It took a while to realize there are sound psychological reasons behind the other heuristics people use to choose. It took even longer to learn the game theory behind why some of the "Who you are" matters more than the quality of the idea in question. That's much too long a post for a writer who hasn't had their first coffee. One last thought... The Karma factor in part is a signal to judging people. (Or rewarding) Of course most of read the articles first, before looking up the credibility of the poster. :-) It's also about listening. It's impossible to listen when you're talking. This can be counterintuitive as we are hard wired to not like the blank space. Think of it in reverse... How much do we hate sales people who won't let us get a word in? How often do we really buy from them? If you have a consultant pitching you, would you rather listen to a 30 slide powerpoint presentation, or have a 2-way discussion on your issues? Using nature as a model for the internet, the economy, or other large systems is not new. Much of the science and (more importantly?) mathematics of explaining both is similar. Kevin Kelly (of Wired fame) is a great explainer of these ideas. He has lot of interesting writing on his website. http://www.kk.org/ I think Biz Stone is one of the most advanced thinkers of social media. I hope he keeps writing about this. Although I'm not a teacher, this topic is near and dear to my heart. My current firm recruits CS, Engineering and Financial Mathematics grads from top schools. Even in this environment, we need to give everyone a math test as part of the hiring process. We can't trust the GPA. Top software firms make developers write code as part of the interview. Even CS (which seems tougher than most majors) suffers from grade inflation. The beauty of this system is that "grade grubbers" who nag the professors for better grades ultimately don't get rewarded. People who are in school to learn do. A prior firm that I worked for (large consultancy) did a study on if GPA was predictive of good work performance. They found that there was a pass/fail barrier of a 3.0 for technical degrees, and 3.2 for non-technical degrees. Folks who couldn't find a way to hit the lower barrier on average didn't do as well. Folks who did better were more likely - but there was no benefit for getting much higher. A 3.8 student wasn't any more likely to perform better than a 3.1 student. (Slightly off-topic - the only other predictor of success was people who worked at least part-time while in school. It didn't matter what the job was, but people who had to work doing school on average performed better than those who didn't.) So what can be done that doesn't crush the professors? My grad school forced every non-Phd class to hit an average GPA. Want to give more As? Then give more Cs. When every professor is forced to live by this, nobody suffers in the evaluations. I will let others give you health advice. Just remember that nobody else will take care of yourself except for you. That said, here are some areas I have seen ex-programmers succeed: - Finance - May require another degree but it's an easy transition. The math shouldn't be too hard. It can be in the treasury dept, risk, anything with modeling. - Marketing analysis - you would be surprised how much Math is involved in getting a tube of Crest to your cabinet. - Teaching - most cs folks know enough math to teach it. Many states are so desperate for math teachers that they don't require an education degree. In the end, don't worry. Programming is one of the hardest intellectual tasks out there. Other fields will seem easy in comparison. True. Very few thinking jobs don't require desk time, and based on the little we've read, thinking is one thing we can infer from the original post. Some programmers migrate to Sales and other field support jobs, but it's a bigger stretch on skills. Or more precisely - they require certain skills at a high level that aren't as required in programming. Anything other than superficial "Check out this field" will take more than a couple high level posts. Shoot an email address, and I'm happy to discuss more in depth. Two interesting thoughts here, that are general to application development. 1 - The reason Windows lost it's way was a lack of simplicity. This is a broad comment about software in general. It is tough to be everything for everyone. And most software starts this way. 2 - There was a great line hidden in the footnotes. This speaks to the importance of collaboration amongst great programmers. "As Scrivener’s creator relates, he emailed Jesse Grosjean, Writeroom’s author, wondering how he did the block-cursor thing; very generously, Grosjean just gave him the code, and even recommends Scrivener on his own website." Very good read! A few more: - I don't need to worry about the product. I hired someone for that. - Hiring is for HR. - I will be spending August on an island in the South Pacific. - It is ok to miss payroll. - Our value add to the customer-centric value chain is based on world class process excellence principles. - That's not my job. After the startup succeeded or before? :-) It's very obvious, but also very hard. Hard because it isn't measurable in the short term, and hard because many engineers aren't wired for it. That said, technology leaders have to eventually overcome the introspection that made them successful in the first place. It is easy to see how some of the greats in the tech industry do it. Look at Ron Conway - he is a perpetual networker, and one of the highest impact people around. Steve Jobs is another, creating his famous reality distortion field. Look at Demo Day - isn't this the culmination of a lot of networking on top of great product work? One of the interesting aspects of social networking theory is that it is the people more removed from us who can help us the most. The people we are tightly linked to don't know that many people that we don't. The folks less tightly linked have the incremental connections we can't access ourselves. Coffee anyone? Any incremental improvement in recommendations is useful, more so than just advertising. Now if it's finding books that I wouldn't find on my own.... Wowsers! But that's just me. IMHO - There is a ring of truth to this, but it does not seem so profound. When I was unemployed (2008) it was depressing because the market was awful. But... I was able to work full time at improving my health (no "I'm working too hard to go the gym" excuse!) and finding new work. The fear of poverty is depressing, but not as bad as working awful hours without the time to improve one's situation. It is very easy to say, "Better to go hungry and wait for the perfect job." I think it is more realistic to say, "Don't take the first job that comes along. Be sure whatever you do is at least moving you in the right direction." "So, how do we reskill a workforce to adapt not only to challenges of the new but also to cope with the legacy of the old? Universities in conjunction with major employers should work together to address this issue." I think the market will take care of this, rather than universities. It is simple supply and demand. If COBOL programmers get paid enough of a premium, people will learn COBOL. This is an order of magnitude more likely than finding professors to teach a language they dislike. Even 20 years ago few students were lining up for university COBOL courses. Here's where I struggle... Everything you say about Groupon today applied to Amazon in the late 90s. They were accused of being a pyramid scheme. They were accused of bad accounting because they counted free shipping as a one time expense. They were never going to succeed. Fast forward 15 years and Borders is going out of business, Barnes and Noble is in retreat and Amazon moved beyond books to retailing everything - including the cloud. My nature is to be a cynic, and I roll my eyes when people make up new metrics. I look for cash rather than an opinion on earnings. Even Generally Accepted Accounting Principles can be gamed, let alone non-GAAP metrics. But maybe this time they're right. This isn't to say Groupon will succeed, but there is some precedent. Maybe they are more Amazon than eToys. This highlights how much iPhone is tied to local carriers. South Korea is a market leader in mobile technology. Making it there means a lot in terms of the global marketplace. (Then again, I used to say the same thing about Japan.) They left out better looking too. :-) I think it's a Marketing issue. The article describes it as self-image related. This could be true, and it's successful Marketing for Apple to convince buyers that they're special. It could also be that something that the article is missing - that Apple is hitting a wealthier and more outgoing target demographic. These are the types of people who will use the phone to communicate more, and will buy more apps. It does explain something of a paradox - why do poor middle Americans support policies that harm them in the short term? Why does the guy who lost his job when a PE firm bought his factory vote for a party that supports a very low tax rate on the PE carried income? (This is ignoring whether it's right or wrong in the broader sense) Why don't the poorer 51% unanimously vote tax hikes on the wealthier 49%? I assumed it was because they still wanted to support the party that appeared stronger on defense, or lined up with their social values. This article uses behavioral economics to suggest a different interpretation. Anger and Creativity are mutually exclusive? Perhaps in business, but I am not convinced this is true in Art. There are a lot of angry musicians out there. (Would we have had Punk without it?) Although it's out of my area of expertise, I would guess the same is true with painting. Anger clouds and narrows the mind, but isn't it a stretch to say it can not occur side by side with creativity? Seth is usually right, but I disagree with him on this one. It's a strange article for THIS audience, in that we are power users of technology. We don't buy the cheapest machines on the market - we tweak the best ones on the market. That said, Apple is succeeding with folks less like us. Folks like our parents, who never heard of disk defragmenting. Uber-Cheap Windows machines do indeed fail this market. The buyers do get what they pay for, but it's also because they don't know better. Those folks are who this guy is writing for. I've also known VCs who have said they wouldn't take VC money. VCs expect a high rate of return on the money - they take the risk expecting a high return. And if you can get the return on your own money, why not take it? So why go with a VC? 1 - You have no alternative source of income to grow the business. 2 - There is a significant opportunity to scale the business that requires a larger investment, and traditional non-specialized sources of financing won't understand it. (Your local bank or your rich Uncle Jack won't understand why viral marketing and a server farm could enable your business grow 100x, a good VC will.) 3 - Knowledge and Relationships. This is the main reason. A good VC may have been on 30 or 40 boards. They have great pattern recognition for success and failure. They know your industry. Your suppliers and potential customers will take their call. They know how to deal with investment bankers, who won't want to screw them over. It's worth noting that the difference between a good VC and a bad VC is enormous, but they both expect the same return out of you. As they say in the financial world, "He's talking his book." That said, much of what he says is spot on. Software is creeping into everything. Education seems obvious. Health Care will be more difficult. A lot of the change will happen in the US. If we can't invest money, we still can invest our careers. This is interesting psychology. Eventually 10 in a row has to happen. But would you bet 50 cents to win 51? At what point is it Bayesian statistics that tells you not to make the bet? (That somehow the coin is loaded) Seems like an interesting website. Will there be issues of the questions and answers getting out? Or will that be obvious in a second round interview? In that sense it's probably a better pre-screener than a headhunter who says, "I see they're requesting a C guru, and my Word search found the letter C on your resume..." I thought he summarized it accurately in the last paragraph. "So rework, reference, release. Flow through the landscape of your own strengths and weaknesses. Count to 10,000 rework hours as you walk. If you aren’t seeing accelerating external results by hour 3300, stop and introspect. That is the calculus of grit. It’s the exponential human psychology you need for exponential times. Ignore everything else." It took a lot of wording to get there though. :-) He seems to be very good at summarizing many pop-theorists (Gladwell & Friedman) and synthesizing an interesting core idea. My interpretation is, "It takes time to get to the limit of well defined fields, but if it doesn't get easier over time, you're on the wrong path." This rings true. Not everyone that takes an introductory CS course finds it easy, but if the third or fourth one is still awful instead of exciting, perhaps it's time to find a new major. Same with music. Or Literature. The great ones put in the time, but it gets easier. (& Perhaps that's why they can succeed!) Funny! And it's a more concise and effective call to arms than a 30 page peer reviewed article spilling with data.