I'm building something probably best described as a Dropbox competitor but with a p2p twist. No blockchains or tokens, just performant code, no-non-sense offering with a SAAS style (optional) subscription. Currently at the proof-of-concept stage. One-person outfit so far. Sounds like a nice way to end up in a plea bargain. I think it used to be in 20 years time. https://bigthink.com/videos/fusion-really-is-20-years-away-2... Even in the US people get away with all sorts of stuff when there's no evidence. killall -9 vim There was a drive which used the rotational energy in the platters to generate electricity enough to write out what was in the cache. I wanna say it was IBM. I think it's easier to sit down and stay put on a snowboard, just about everywhere. Whereas with skis, you seek out some snow naturally, probably on the sides, just to don't glide any further. (You don't want to sit down with skis. Sitting down provides more friction than standing up.) So you are advocating pogroms? I'll take democracy over that. Maybe foolish, but actually with a shred of ideology except Power. Damn, I was bit by this, I had forgotten about it because it was such a long time ago. No, the meta-data is somehow distributed and fsck can pick up pieces of it. I don't think you have to encrypt the image to avoid the edge case, a compress of the image should be enough. It still sucks though. Sure, but I read it like you wanted to respond in kind. It is'nt clear. For instance, to me it's not clear if that can be obstruction of justice in a forth-coming investigation. So? Aren't we talking about hiding evidence that something may have connection to sanctioned individuals? If so, I agree with everything you said but it could still be obstruction of justice. Very cool! This triggered another idea - our ears already can move a slight bit by its own muscles. Can't we read these muscle movements, and amplify them by controlling the servo Cat Ears in sync? Might be easier to learn to control, maybe. I think the success is partly accidental - when these schools started, traditional schools were often militaristic in style and with a focus on obedience and listening in silence. Montessori schools emphasised interaction and discovery using the simple tools of the day, like tools and toys. In todays school, the kids are often overstimulated by our current multi-media world. Montessori schools provide a calmer environment. So my pet theory is that they started out as stimulating under-stimulated kids, and today are calming down over-stimulated kids. Our human "cameras" also scan constantly, have crazy dynamic range, employ dynamic shades (hands) and move around several feet, inside a protective weather proof shield, as well employ "sensor fusion" with "microphones" and "vibration detectors". To add to the confusion, there are two main kinds of brake fluid: The classic, pro: works well even under high temperatures resulting from prolonged braking. Con: absorbs water over time and must be replaced fairly often even if not stressed. New kind, pro: does not absorb water and does not degrade as much on its own. Con: braking action gets "spongy" when the fluid heats up from prolonged braking. As a staunch advocate against war crimes, the sensible move is to outlaw the Russian commander in chief. Russians sometimes name Ukrainian "Little Russian". So the newspeak name for Russian could of course be "East Ukrainian" or "Little Ukrainian". How about non-nation states, such as the US? Maybe the Erlang way is more letting the entire thread crash and "bound" it with a restart? ElementaryOS is leaving a lot of money on the table. The reason is that they have an established user base, and there is an app store, which is very curated. People would be more than willing to pay for apps on that app store. Not so many developers are willing, though. The thing is, to publish on the app store, the source code must be publicly available on for instance, github. If they allowed app developers to sell truly commercial software, ElementaryOS could be a self growing machine, and they could give away the OS for "free" and keep the OS open source. Maybe it's not as "pure" as what they are doing now, but on the other hand they could reach so many more people if they had more monetary resources. But ElementaryOS is in a unique position to monetize which they don't use. They don't allow commercial applications on their app store. I'd publish there in a heartbeat, if they did. They are also in the position they (barely) function at a very low cost. They don't need a lot of cash flow to make a huge difference. If someone has a way in with them, please please mention this. I'd hate for ElementaryOS to die, I really like it and have followed it from the beginning. It's the only Linux which strikes the balance between being "normal" and caring about simplicity, consistency and ease of use. If they got decently paid, by allowing proprietary apps, one of the competing apps could stick around by virtue of actually making money. The ElementaryOS company would also get more cash, and could, (like Apple!) improve a core set of apps. A "kernel" of good quality Linux apps could also spread to other distributions, and hopefully slowly coalesce around GTK and "ElementaryOS" style GUI as a de-facto standard. (Since the other distros are more accepting of jumbled GUI styles anyway, why not make your app on ElementaryOS first, and distribute that version on the other Linux versions, too.) Anyway, the hurdle is not technical - flatpaks or no flatpaks. The hurdle is strategy and ideology. I forgot to mention - the user can pay $0 for any app. This is the problem which needs to be fixed. All apps are donationware, enforced by the appstore. Yeah, keep doing it, I meant. My mind was racing, but I see parallels to how Apple "gives away" the OS (really bundles), so MacOS does not have an apparent cost to end users. ElementaryOS could similarly do that while be the place to gather high quality graphical linux applications. And not only high quality, UX consistent. Such a shame if it fell down this close to success. It's really, really hard to start a 2-sided market. But it's almost like Elementary is activelly avoiding a run-away success. In a way it's like they are naturally a SAAS (curated app store) but they try very very hard to sell a product. They would be in no worse position they are now, the difference is that third party app developers could make money on their platform. For Elementary, it would mean the same or more cash. Likely more. I don't think it's apparent how little money ElementaryOS needs to thrive as a SAAS style business. They only need a few thousand sales a month through the app store to make a HUGE difference to their bottom line. Yeah, the turbo is a known issue. Always let it run a minute before you start your trip, especially when cold out. Never rev the engine until a couple of minutes after water temp stopped increasing. (So the oil is up to working temp.) Always let the engine run 30 seconds after you pulled in to park. If you ran fast or towed something, let it run a minute or two. Change oil twice a year or every 6000 miles, which ever comes first. Always use 5W-40 or 0W-30 fully synthetic high quality oil. If you do this, the turbo will live many years. If you start to see white or blue smoke on start, the turbo is shot. You still have time, but not much, to change turbo. It can be as little as a few cold starts left until it burns out. If it completely burns out, the engine will suck in oil, run dry, heat up the catalytic converter etc etc. But if you replace the turbo when the first smoke appears, you are golden. You have two options for turbo. New Old Stock is mostly gone. So either order a chinese Garret copy, or order a used one. Both a used original and a chinese Garret copy cost about the same, $200-300. Both have about the same chance of working for a long time. Some of the old ones have a lot of miles left in them, and the quality of the copies seem to have a high spread. If you or your mechanic can adapt inlets and outlets, you can put a turbo from another brand of car on your SAAB engine. The -2003 ("original") 9-3 SAAB, are in my opinion undervalued. They look good, and they drive good. It's not extremely fast, but I have never felt as "one" with a car as with that model, and it's also extremely forgiving. If you push it to its limits in corners, it will let you know long in advance what it's about to do. It felt completely undramatic to push it to its limits, never felt scary. I have driven both slower and faster cars which have both felt scary when approaching their limits. For some reason, I also pretty much immediately felt "where the car is" when parking the SAAB. I have driven many cars since then, various models of Mercedes, Volvo, Citroën, VW, and also the next generation SAAB 9-3, but in all of them it's taken me a lot longer to figure exactly "where the car is" when parallel parking and such. It's an easy thing to say. I used to ridicule my friends who longed for SAABs. Until a few years later I happened to drive one. Well, that was that. I was hooked. To bad the company tanked. They had neat design going: http://www.retrotaksi.fi/en/index.html I don't see any evidence your statement isn't made up either. None of those, but the implicit assumption that the pool of violent drunks won't increase when the bar (pun intended) for binge drinking in any setting is lowered. It has only been a couple of weeks yet. We will see how much will be left of Mariupol and other surrounded cities. Incompetence can be the worst scenario. "If all else fails, grind down civilian population with medieval siege and artillery." Your last paragraph goes too far to me. China represses its whole population. Yes, all empires are inherently "evil", but there are far more freedoms in the "west" than in China. You can't just equate them. This site we are talking on could not exist in China. I wonder how much of that is because of the medium. You had to film it, with film. The film itself cost money. You had only a certain amount of it on-set. You then had to wait for it to be developed to see how it turned out. You had to synch audio to it, so you had to really think about what you wanted to say and for how long. Finally, the distributed product had a standard length for distribution. (The reels sent out.) My favourite thing about that story is that it was on film reels , not videotape. Which one gets 2% more? Yeah... I have watched so many corporate video addresses which just drone on and on and on, often with minimal production qualities too, like a webcam and questionable microphone skills. These things would not have been filmed at all in the past, or they would have been much shorter. There would be a film crew. Someone doing the microphone setup and telling the subject to enunciate etc. And us corporates would have watched it in the cafeteria before lunch on the 16mm projector. The low barrier to entry today is wonderful, but it also means a lot of stuff made is just fluffy and not very necessary at all. I guess it's also easier to skip most of it, so there's that. That may be, but the massive corn subsidies in the US maybe can finally ful-fill their original purpose - protect against starvation in case of war. I always assumed as much. Constant fear of nuclear war is not what has made the corn subsidies constant. Maybe I'm missing something, but the US is so incredibly vast, I can't understand why you don't have place for a least a few beavers. I sort of agree, but the American legal system wasn't exactly in great shape before. The reaction described in the article is not good, but a reaction of some sort was expected. The largest atrocity was creating a power vacuum by firing the entiry Iraqi army after the war. "After the initial invasion, most of the Iraqi military's former soldiers and officers offered little resistance to Coalition forces in the early days of the occupation. Many soldiers had simply gone home rather than openly fight the invading forces. This seeming acceptance of Coalition authority stemmed from the US military continuing to pay the salaries of Saddam's former soldiers, while promising senior Iraqi officers that they would have a major role to play "in building a new Iraq." [0] Paul Bremer, head of the CPA, issued an order dissolving the entire Iraqi military, as well as most civilian employees of the old government, and pledged to build a new military and government from scratch. [0] Thus, a decade of hell and eventually ISIS, began. 0: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occupation_of_Iraq_(2003%E2%80... Sounds like a pretty good simulation of the corporate workspace, though! I'm sure it was not intentional at all, but it is pretty funny. Complete with lower pay (or at least less career opportunities) for working extra hard on the Death March project about to be cancelled. Quel surprise... how could Walmart have known about Canadian laws beforehand. :-D Not over , just engineered. That's what safety is. I don't mean to be snarky, the built-in buffer is part of what makes it safe. People are very spatial, and the Desktop metaphor and file browser metaphor already taps into that. The new version of OCaml got multiprocessor support recently. https://www.infoq.com/news/2021/10/ocaml-5-multicore/ It would result in less "engagement". (And a better "filter bubble". At this point, I don't know which is worse.)