At a high level, because it would have been directly counterproductive; at a low level, because her cover as an attaché of the US embassy came with diplomatic immunity. This doesn't leave the host country totally unable to respond in the case where a foreign intelligence officer is detected, but it does strictly limit the scope of such response; in practice, the most they can do, and from the sound of it what they did in this case, is declare the offender persona non grata , and put her on the next jet out of Sheremetyevo. Of course, there's nothing that says the host country can't put a captured foreign intelligence officer in prison, or even execute such a person outright, beyond a simple reciprocal convention that such things aren't done. The reason why that generally doesn't happen is the same reason why civilized nations rarely visit atrocities on prisoners of war: a country which unilaterally abrogates such a convention risks having its own personnel treated just as badly. In the case of espionage, there's the further, and major, consideration that any abrogation of diplomatic immunity risks a general breakdown of diplomatic relations, a state of affairs which between civilized nations generally presages the outbreak of warfare. Aside perhaps from a few madmen who never approached real power, no one on either side of the Cold War ever wanted it to turn hot, and the entire edifice of Cold War-era espionage existed precisely to help prevent that misfortune from ever coming to pass. Imprisoning foreign intelligence officers would, therefore, have been actively detrimental to the purposes of the nations which might have done so. Only when I want to, which isn't often because it slows me down. Sometimes it's fun to listen to the dialogue, though. I was rather expecting to find a UI library at the other end of that link, rather than a SaaS offering. Having found the latter, I was disappointed, although given what appears to be increasingly typical practice not surprised, to discover that there's no meaningful information on offer about what the service does or how to integrate with it. It should be possible to find out whether and how I can use your service before I decide whether to sign up for it; otherwise, how am I to know whether it's worth my time to sign up for it at all? It looks like the GA script is itself dynamically loaded, by injecting a script tag into the document. Fetching the document via "view source" won't execute this, which will produce a log entry on the server side that can't be correlated with a GA page view. That'd make it possible to identify page loads which didn't execute Javascript, which is a decent proxy for "tracking this side" unless somebody decides to be a jerk with curl and while (1) {}. With a little forethought and initial investment, you don't have to decide between giving up an iPhone and continuing to pay three figures monthly for the privilege of using it. Consider: Sprint - ostensibly free phone, $120/mo for a 2-year contract: $2880 all told, and you don't have a choice but to pay all of it Ting - $500 up front for 64G iPhone SE, avg. $27.50/mo for the same period: $1160 all told, and you can stop service any time if things get bad enough that you have to Sure, if you can't make the initial nut, it's not an option - but you're talking about being suddenly broke or close to it, which is the situation in which I found myself last year, and which motivated me to put some thought into better options for mobile service. The more I look at it, the more it seems to me that mobile contracts, at least in the US and at least for single phones, are every bit as much for suckers as rent-to-own shops are. *(in June) Can't speak for GP, but I experienced a similar moment of "ok now how do i close this again" before realizing I didn't really need to. But that didn't feel quite right either, like a popup that won't go away once its purpose has been served. Or like checking a footnote, and having a hard time finding my way back to wherever it was referenced. I get that what this library does isn't quite either of those things, but it feels enough like both of them that not being able to un-expound feels a little weird. > Oops! Something has gone horribly wrong! Not terribly helpful. Scanning the visitor's /24 without notice, warning, or opportunity to opt out is a dick move. Our IDS probably just lit up like a Christmas tree. One of OP's early theses is that the left is all about economic class, but can't admit social classes exist, so conflates them with economic class in order to talk about them. If your benchmark for analyzing the modern left is a collection of theorists from a hundred years ago, you're going to misunderstand a lot more than just this. There is now: https://github.com/aaron-em/ten-hundred-mode.el (There was before, under the name "1000-words.el", but it isn't very good, and it also isn't, and can't easily be made, available via MELPA. So I wrote this instead. The PR to add it to MELPA is open and awaiting review; pretty soon you should be able to M-x package-install RET ten-hundred-mode RET and get it.) No, but it might be a whole lot of them. > the key point of emacs is extensibility and customizability This really can't be overstated, or its value emphasized too strongly, and it goes a lot further than your simple statement makes clear. There is literally nothing in Emacs whose source code is not trivially accessible from the editor itself, via the documentation attached to whatever functions or variables are related to the behavior of interest. (Even the C source code is accessible in this way, if you have it somewhere on your system and have told Emacs where to find it. Or, if you build from source, it will remember on its own.) You can access the documentation for anything, including keybindings, with a single command, and follow a hyperlink from there to the Emacs Lisp or C source in which it's implemented. This reduces the mystery of why and how Emacs does what it does effectively to zero. If you don't understand why your last keystroke did what it did, you can find out. (If you're not sure what your last keystroke was, you can find that out too, because Emacs keeps track and will happily show you with M-x view-lossage.) If you don't understand how it did what it did, you can find that out, too. And if you want to modify what it does, there's a wide variety of ways you can do that, as well. Nothing in Emacs is inaccessible; nothing in Emacs is immutable. The only thing that can stop you, or even slow you down, from making Emacs exactly the tool you want it to be, is your own level of understanding and capability - and if you find it lacking, Emacs is there to help, and its community will cheerfully do likewise. (Oh, and the long-form manuals for everything in Emacs are built into Emacs, too.) I've built several Emacs packages, and released a couple on MELPA to quiet but generally positive receptions - nothing particularly big or world-shattering, just small things to make other Emacs users' lives a little easier, or a little more fun. Almost everything I know about extending Emacs, I've been able to learn from Emacs itself, in the course of seven or so years of using Emacs. I can't think of another editor I've ever used, or even heard of, in which that would be possible. Considering the central position a programmer's primary editor occupies in her professional armamentarium, it's hard to imagine any other editor that'd do even half as much as Emacs to help me get my work done. As you say, if I had to work in Java or C#, I'd probably find myself having to use Eclipse or IntelliJ or Visual Studio or what-have-you. It's not going too far to say that one reason I'm largely unwilling to work in those languages is because I wouldn't easily be able to do so in Emacs. That may strike some people as an astonishing assertion, and a foolish attitude toward choice of language. That's reasonable enough, but I misdoubt most experienced Emacs users would find themselves feeling much the same way. In Visual Studio, creating a custom keybinding appears to involve three dropdown menus, a dialog box, and at least two UI controls. In Emacs or Vim, it's a single line of code you add to your initialization file. I think there may be different definitions of "easy" in play here. I'll concede that Visual Studio makes custom keybindings possible , but so does any text editor worthy of even momentary consideration as a professional tool. And I'll take your challenge. Here's something I can do in Emacs: I can take a spreadsheet received from a client, full of intended configuration settings for a custom internal application. I can export it as CSV, load it in Emacs as such, and extract the relevant sections of the content into tables in a plaintext Org-mode document. I can then add a function to that document, in whatever language I choose, which will receive the contents of those tables as structured data in the language's own idiom, and generate the collection of complex SQL statements necessary to implement the desired configuration. From there I can decide whether I want this SQL script inserted into the document I'm writing, or written out to a file that I can copy to a remote host and feed to the SQL monitor. Or I can instead have Emacs itself connect to the target RDBMS and apply the configuration directly. Or any combination of those. And once the document's written, I can do all this with a single keystroke. Another single keystroke exports the document to HTML, so I can share it with the client to demonstrate exactly how their intent has been translated to reality, and with colleagues so they can see what's been done. Perhaps that sounds fantastic to some. For me, it's Thursday before last. It took a little less than an hour. I'm sure Visual Studio suits your needs quite well. I'm glad of that; everyone should have a tool that does what they need it to. But Visual Studio, from all I've seen of it, does very little to expand the scope of what you can do. Those of us who are fond of Emacs or Vim are so because, by comparison with something like Visual Studio, Emacs and Vim give you superpowers. Nope. This isn't a migration; it's one-off data population. Fluent Migrator can do that, from its documentation, but it wouldn't be required, and since this isn't a migration, Fluent Migrator doesn't really bring anything to the table that I can see. So you're building a custom software project in your language of choice, with all the overhead that implies. In the workflow I described, you create a file and activate Org-mode. (Or just create a file whose name ends with ".org".) There's also the documentation task, which has to include the source data and resulting SQL script, as well as the transformation code. I'm not seeing anything here that would simplify that in the slightest; you'd have to either write the HTML document by hand, or write code to generate HTML. In the workflow I described, all that code is already written, and you can invoke it with a single keystroke. And beyond that, there's the matter of data ingestion. You're starting from CSVs, so you have to read those and parse them just to have the data you need to work with in a form which you can use. Any serious language has a CSV parsing library, of course, so that's not a difficult task in its own right, but it's still more code you have to write, and more effort you have to put in - selecting a CSV parser, adding it to the project, learning its API, et cetera. In the workflow I described, it's a copy-paste operation. Don't get me wrong - I didn't say, or assume, that anything I described couldn't be done in Visual Studio. But at this point we're talking about, what, a few hours at least? And you're spending a fair chunk of that time on overhead, especially in document generation. You have to find, vet, and install libraries, write or modify a bunch of code, and so forth. By the time you're done, you've probably had to spend the better part of a day on this one task. In the workflow I described, the only code I needed to write was that in which I expressed the actual transformation from tabular data to SQL statements. Everything else, Emacs and Org-mode took care of for me; all I needed to know was how to invoke capabilities already present. And I had the job done and dusted in less than an hour, with plenty of time left in my day for other work. That's what I mean when I say Emacs and Vim give you superpowers - not that there's anything you can do in one of those editors that (with enough effort) you can't do in another environment, but that those editors are better than anything else (at least anything else I or anyone I know has ever encountered) at helping you get more done, faster, without having to spend time on ancillaries that distract you from the meat of the task at hand. I don't disagree with you, exactly, but whoever theorizes that needs to study recent history; Lister was never a battlefield surgeon. It's a subset, and the Blub paradox applies. For one thing, Org isn't a plugin; it's part of the Emacs distribution, rather than something you have to explicitly install. All you need to do to use all the functionality I described is install Emacs and start it up. For another, Emacs doesn't actually have a plugin system, per se. Instead of the usual headache, where a program written in language A exposes a lossy subset of itself to plugins written in language B, Emacs just exposes all of the language in which it itself is written, and you can do what you like. The usual distinction between first-class application code and second-class plugin code doesn't exist. There's just Emacs Lisp code, any of which can freely interact with any other Emacs Lisp code running in the same process space, including effectively all of Emacs itself. You can add new code by installing packages from a repository, which you can do in a single command if you know the name of the plugin you want. (If you don't, there's a searchable list.) Or you can do it by opening an Emacs Lisp buffer, writing some code, and evaluating it - again, with a single keystroke. If you like it and want to keep it around, save it to a file: boom, it's a "plugin". Add a line to your init file to load it, and it's a "plugin" you're using. Or you can just drop your new code into your init file directly, because your init file is - you guessed it - just Emacs Lisp code, that happens to be in a file Emacs will load and execute when it starts up. As I said before, the Blub paradox applies: it's easy to recognize something less powerful than what you're familiar with as such, but something more powerful just looks weird. From the sound of it, Emacs looks very weird to you. It did to me, too, before I started using it. Now I won't willingly use anything else. Perhaps I'm just very weird, too. Does the universe agree? > Org-mode is a better Markdown than Markdown integrated with a multi-format publication generation capability. It can even export to Markdown! (And I'll only author in Markdown under duress anymore.) It's funny that you chose the phrase "Magic Things". Before I settled on the "superpower" metaphor, I was going to talk about the times when I've done things with Emacs, in and out of Org-mode, that have made my colleagues say things like "wow, that's really cool" or "holy shit how did you even just do that". I opted not to because I figured it would sound like bragging, on the one hand, and on the other because you can do things in Emacs that really do have to be seen to be believed. But "magic" is the word I was going to use. (It's not always an advantage, either. I've had people show contempt for things like Org-mode tables, on the assumption that because they're rendered in text, they can't possibly be anything other than text, and I must be wasting insane amounts of time making columns line up and the like. I used to work for one of those people. I'm really glad I don't work for him any more.) The problems you've described make sense. They're not problems I have because I generally don't exit Emacs (and I don't use it on the command line, but in server mode with GUI clients), but if I did, I'd want to come back to the same environment I left. Changes you know you want to keep, you can add to your initialization code so that they're reapplied on the next startup, but that's not the same, and it doesn't cover ephemera at all. Which editor are you used to using that does , though? I ask because I'd like to experiment with it a little and see what it does and, to the extent possible, how it does so, because that seems like a useful capability for Emacs to have, and one of the nice things about Emacs is that it offers a programming environment flexible enough to support most other editors' "hey, neat" capabilities - the Sublime minimap, for instance. Incidentally, C-x 8 is by default bound to a keymap that includes a lot of glyphs not often found on keyboards. You can insert £ with C-x 8 L, which might be more convenient than M-x tom/insert-sterling-symbol RET. Not OP, but I recently installed the Emacs flavor of the widely used Emmet HTML generation tool, and I found myself wanting to customize some aspects of its behavior so that they better suited our in-house style. I could've edited the Emmet source code in place, but to do so would've meant losing my customizations next time I upgraded the package. I could have forked it, but that would mean having to manually merge changes into the fork every time a new release comes out. Instead, after a couple hours of reading the Emmet source and fiddling around in an Emacs Lisp buffer, I ended up with this: (defcustom emmet-verticalize-html-attributes nil "Whether to verticalize attributes in HTML tags. \"Verticalize\" here means to separate each pair of attributes by newline and enough indentation to line up the first character of attribute names. For example, the unverticalized production when verticalized becomes " :type 'boolean :group 'emmet) (defcustom emmet-verticalize-minimum-attributes 3 "The minimum number of attributes required for verticalization. If a tag has fewer than this many attributes. they will not be verticalized, even when verticalization is enabled. Values less than 2 have no effect, since verticalization only has an effect on tags with at least two attributes." :type 'integer :group 'emmet) (defun emmet-verticalize-html-tag (orig &rest args) (let ((html (apply orig args)) (attribute-count 0)) (if (null emmet-verticalize-html-attributes) html (save-match-data (with-temp-buffer (insert html) (html-mode) (goto-char (point-min)) (while (re-search-forward (pcre-to-elisp "^\\ "))) (re-search-forward (pcre-to-elisp "\\w[\\w\\d_-]+\\=\\\".*?\\\"" ) nil t)) (setq attribute-count (1+ attribute-count)) (and (not (looking-at (pcre-to-elisp "\\/?>"))) (newline-and-indent)))) (indent-region (point-min) (point-max)) (if (>= attribute-count emmet-verticalize-minimum-attributes) (buffer-substring-no-properties (point-min) (point-max)) html)))))) (advice-add 'emmet-make-html-tag :around #'emmet-verticalize-html-tag) (defcustom emmet-indent-html t "Whether or not to indent generated HTML according to the same rules used by `html-mode'. When non-nil, Emmet-generated HTML will be indented via `html-mode', with a newline after every closing angle bracket. When nil, Emmet-generated HTML won't be post-processed in this way. (The version of Emmet I'm using, 1.0.8, applies no indentation whatsoever.)" :type 'boolean :group 'emmet) (defun emmet-indent-html-snippet (html) (if (not emmet-indent-html) html (save-match-data (with-temp-buffer (insert html) (goto-char (point-min)) (while (and (re-search-forward (pcre-to-elisp "\\>") nil t) (not (eobp))) (newline)) (goto-char (point-min)) (while (search-forward "\n\n" nil t) (replace-match "\n" nil t)) (html-mode) (indent-region (point-min) (point-max)) (buffer-substring-no-properties (point-min) (point-max)))))) (advice-add 'emmet-make-html-tag :filter-return #'emmet-indent-html-snippet) ...which not only implements the behavior I desire, and does so without modifying the original source or breaking my ability to upgrade Emmet, but also adds customization options to those provided by stock Emmet, so that I can adjust the way my Emmet extensions behave without having to touch the code. (Not that touching the code is any great hardship, but it's nice to be able to adjust the way these extensions behave in the same interface I use to make other minor adjustments to the way Emmet works.) Shortly after I copied that code into the Emacs buffer I'm using (via Firefox's "It's All Text!" extension) to edit this comment, but before posting, I inadvertently killed Emacs's message buffer, which contains a running log of everything displayed in the editor's echo area. I wasn't prompted for confirmation before killing that buffer, but I felt I should've been. So I opened an Emacs Lisp buffer and wrote this: (defun defend-message-buffer (kill-fun &rest args) (let* ((buf (car args)) (buf-name (if (stringp buf) buf (substring-no-properties (buffer-name buf))))) (if (string= buf-name "*Messages*") (and (yes-or-no-p "Really kill the message buffer? ") (funcall kill-fun buf)) (funcall kill-fun buf)))) (advice-add 'kill-buffer :around #'defend-message-buffer) And now I am. An interesting article and a fascinating perspective. What happens when the smarts in your "smart home" don't necessarily answer to you? And if Vim or Emacs couldn't do soft line wrapping, you'd have a point. It happens at the same time you need to throw a punch in order to land it on the boss, not at the same time the boss is about to throw a punch. It's not periodic, so the idea that the displayed behavior is mere coincidence is implausible at best. > if I want to use a one-character password, that's my business It's really not. Depending on the service, someone who guesses your weak password and compromises your account may very well be able to injure more people than just you. The plugin API doesn't make it look likely. Look into Dash. Even if you don't want to pay for the application (or can't run it on your platform), the docsets are free and ISTR there are some editor integrations for them that don't involve the paid app. Doubtful. The set of people willing to do business with a thumb-fingered goober like this one is likely disjoint with the set of HN readers. Considering that, if this isn't a troll, he wiped out his entire business with a single command, I think you're giving him too much credit here. Which model? I'm in the market for a couple of new displays, and if they've come out with a lemon, I'd like to avoid it. Visual Studio integrates well with the capabilities of C++ and of languages that run on the CLR. Outside that realm, it can do little or nothing for you. Emacs integrates well with the same capabilities in almost any language that provides them - even C#. See the difference? "The idea of the plugin is to prevent users without technical background from changing the page HTML. For example. many eCommerce customers change the price of the product using dev tools and send a screenshoot." Yeah, good luck with that. > What is the point of speed reading a novel? Well, if it's a recent Honor Harrington novel, to skip over all the stuff you already know is going on because it's been covered in pretty much exhaustive detail in the last four or five books too. David Weber is a man in desperate need of an editor. > Learning emacs and vim from decades old documentation is quite a journey. Can't speak for Vim, but the Emacs documentation has hardly succumbed to the sort of obsolescence your description of it implies. (It's also built in to the editor, and reachable via M-x info.) You might want to take a look at it, before you go on consigning novices unfortunate enough to heed your bad advice to the hell that is Stack Overflow. (And if you're going to point people in even that general direction, at least point them at Emacs SE, which unlike SO isn't overrun with garbage and lies.) Apropos and describe-{function,variable,key} argument expansion can help a lot here. You wouldn't, because you can't be sure you've found the last value satisfying the predicate until you reach the end of the list. To do it lazily, you'd have to reverse the list first, but that's O(n), so not practical with very long lists. Javascript will short-circuit in && and the ternary operator, too. But that's not really the same as lazy evaluation, which both is more general and happens in a different context; ES6 generators, for example, are lazy, which means that any sequence function in which one is used is lazy as well. Indent your code snippets with a minimum of four spaces and they will be rendered as preformatted, monospaced text. Vertically adjacent lines thus indented will be rendered as a single block. Commodity computer hardware, to say nothing of AWS, hasn't been around nearly so long as our habit of skimping on infrastructure funding. > That's a classic slippery slope, isn't it? Korea spent thirty-five years occupied by imperial Japan, a regime never much noted for the softness of its grip, and after the war, was partitioned and the northern part given directly into the hands of the Soviet Union as a proto-Cold War quid pro quo . That's not so much what you could call a "slippery slope", as it is torture and brainwashing on a societal, rather than an individual, scale. Yes, and the trains run on time, too. > As a non-American, seeing young children reciting the pledge of allegiance in unison is downright creepy. The practice dates from the heyday of Hitlerism, and arguably springs from much the same sort of motivation - and it's creepy enough before you read about the Bellamy salute. Do you mean "opprobrium"? Approbation is praise. "Centralized" doesn't mean you rely on Github or Google or Microsoft or whoever, although you can. It means you handle authentication and authorization with a service that does that job, instead of shared secrets or "well, it's on this VLAN, it must be OK". You can run your own OAuth2 (or whatever) provider pretty easily these days. That's not a backport, that's just a port. Backporting would be converting XBox One games to run on the 360. I've done the same, on OS X yet, and had no trouble. Unfortunately, fb2k ended up being unsuitable for my purposes for other reasons - namely, that it can't handle self-signed TLS certificates, and probably never will be able to because the developer doesn't care about that use case. I still use it at home, but for remote streaming I've found Subsonic to be an amazingly effective solution, not least thanks to the excellent iSub app. What's the actual difference between Subsonic and Madsonic? I haven't been able to find any more detailed description than "[Madsonic] adds features and bug fixes", which is hardly helpful. Not only a bad media player, but one which the OS ties so tightly to the keyboard's media control functions that there seems no reliable way of prying them loose. Not my biggest OS X annoyance, but easily in the top five. "If you're not paying for the product..."