I've been waiting for years for somebody to do something like this with emoji. All we'd need is a way to add radicals and a central dictionary. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_nonsense I can see this being useful for police sketch artists. This is called linguistic determinism, or the strong Sapir-Whorf hypothesis, and is not widely accepted. You have to be careful. My cousin and his friends were being rather rude (in Irish) about a woman on a Belgian train, she managed to keep a straight face throughout, before lambasting them before leaving. Ach, ar aon nós, táim an-shásta bheith ag léamh faoi Ghaeilge ar hn. N'fheadar liom cé mhéad atá anseo a bhfuil in ann sí a labhairt. The Irish Republic only existed from 1919 to 1922 :/ And Malta is another EU state with English as an official language. I've watched a couple of programmes on BBC Alba, and understood a good bit. It was somewhat like hearing Dutch as a German speaker, except maybe easier. There has been talk of an "Idir-Ghaeilge" reunified language. The Irish online magazine Nós had a nice article on this recently http://nos.ie/gniomhaiochas/teanga/idir-ghaeilge/ (in Irish). Could become a reality in the unlikely but beautiful event of a post-Brexit Scotland uniting with Ireland in the "Celtic Union". As a quick aside, Google EU is based in Ireland, and under Ireland's data protection legislation you _are_ entitled to data the Google stores (including whatever tracking they're doing that you don't normally have access to). > Under Section 4 of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003, > you have a right to obtain a copy, clearly explained, of any > information relating to you kept on computer or in a structured > manual filing system or intended for such a system by any entity or organisation When will DeepMind be good enough to detect YouTube perverts? I must have missed that war. Absolutely not. You could (if it's true, at a glance it's not terribly convincing) use this as a probe of curved-space QED (a very difficult field) or as a method to measure of the spin of black holes (currently done by different dark magic which isn't very reliable). The point of school (American school, at least) isnt to learn, its to get a good grade. When the goal is a number, than 'cheating' is simply trying to achieve the goal. Aka Goodhart's Law[0]. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goodhart's_law I took a "Computer Algebra" class in undergrad which was taught entirely in Mathematica. It was a lot of work to convert everything (and the instructor would jokingly refer to me as "sage guy") but I got an awful lot out of using Sage instead. What keeps me from using sage nowadays is that I have a great jupyter workflow, and last time I used Sage it was just a worse version of that with better symbolic support. This may not be quite the case, see https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thoburn_v_Sunderland_City_Co... . Could you explain for the benefit of non-americans how Hispanics aren't white? And yet so many people learn int* p; // p is an int pointer instead of int *p; // dereferencing p will give an int I know this is the subject of holy wars, but once I'd seen the second one my eyes were opened and I had way less trouble. I think that declaration follows use is another of example of the amazing design powers of the patriarchs. There's a GNU extension for it. https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Nested-Functions.html But it's not a proper closure, and it's not GC'd, so it's pretty useless. Thanks for caring about gendered language. I used this term because it's used (humorously) in the Unix Koans[0]. But maybe you're reading to far into it, I certainly don't mean to imply their gender had anything to do with C's design, but for better or worse they did happen to be men and were seen by by some as a "father figure" for the language. [0] http://catb.org/esr/writings/unix-koans/zealot.html For windows ten I'm using a combination of babun/WSL and cmder. But I agree that there is no good terminal emulator. It's not terribly surprising though. When those aren't enough I have a "seamless" ubuntu VM running. Combining the mendeley plugin with the automatic .bib generator and LyX means I can cite stuff pretty much as quickly as looking at the page. "10.000" What number is this? Is it ten? Ten thousand? I don't think decimal (thousand) separators are necessary when you can write the number without, use scientific notation or the number in words. But there is an English-speaking standard (comma) and an international standard (thin space). Considering that there are at least five better options I think this usage is perverse. And I was arguing that it is a bad idea to do that in an international forum. If I hadn't seen this comment I would have posted something similar. I can't see why it should be downvoted. "As we say in the Netflix Culture Deck, responsible people thrive on freedom, and are worthy of freedom." But you arbitrarily can't watch stuff in Incognito Mode? Have you tried using cacaview on images? When I'm running scientific code on remote machines I use jupyter tunneled over ssh, but I assume you can't do that. I think the issue is that like any other outfit that holds bitcoin they may just "lose" them and vanish. I think this guy is just wrong, except maybe in saying that `log` is ambiguous and we should be using `log10` and `ln`. Incidentally he uses comma as both a thousand separator and a decimal point in the article. I mean in your assertion that `log` must mean `log10`. I have huge sympathy for contending with inconsistent use of ambiguous notation. My pet hate is `gamma` vs. `tgamma`. Well my anecdatum, as a theoretical physicist, is that people very rarely write `log` or use logarithms is bases other than e. I wish everyone were this level headed and reasonable. Unfortunately jumping to conclusions, especially those that align with your favourite "narrative" seems to be the funnest new way to make your mind up. It could be[0]. It's just not very likely, since you'd have to have very special circumstances, but it's not logically impossible, at least in cosmology. [0] http://abyss.uoregon.edu/~js/cosmo/lectures/lec17.html > The mind is not a physical thing I was with you until here. I'd say you were getting religious if you tried to represent the mind as anything other than an emergent physical phenomenon. > Nobody - absolutely nobody - has the right tell him differently. > People are ignorant and frankly downright... disgusting/pathetic/opinionated Those are some very strong claims. You can be sympathetic without being hyperbolic, or assuming that the reason that other don't share your views is that they're bad people who don't share your perfect reasoning. but are you _my_ lawyer? Disappointing to see Facebook, a company with a huge Irish presence, neglect Irish in the list. There are plenty of minority languages in there, like Breton and Scots. And languages not spoken natively anywhere like Latin, Esperanto, Volapük. Google Translate (with a similar number of languages)supports it fine. Presumably fine. Why would you let infidels into a holy place? While persecuting people for circumstances of their birth is IMHO a moral wrong, adults are free to choose their religion (in "secular" countries like the US at least). The entails a set of beliefs, privileges and responsibilities. Whether or not it's fair, border security in a lot of places is anti-Muslim. It's part of the belief system of border agents and (some) voters. Islam and not-Islam are at odds here, just as they are in Mecca. I especially feel sorry for non-religious "Arab-looking" people who get caught up in this. I suspected it was something like this. Unfortunately the Vicipéid is not of very high quality. I just just hope Facebook doesn't forget which side its bread is buttered on. Because the civets are usually kept in terrible conditions just to make novelty coffee? "There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things, and off-by-one errors." To play devil's advocate, it may be useful to know when the card expires for a merchant who mightn't charge immediately. And maybe it's significant that the cvv is on the back so you couldn't just use a photo. And mixing letters and numbers is scary. But I agree. Maybe the solution is just having lots of entropy and reading it electronically, who really needs to read out card numbers over the phone? I assume you've come across Debug.Trace. That let's you do "printf-style" debugging in Haskell without much fuss. trace ("calling f with x = " ++ show x) (f x) I agree with your sentiment but not your language. Nobody pays "more than they're willing to" in economic terms. They have the choice to not pay rent and be homeless, and the price they pay in rent reflects their desire not to do that. But I'll agree that most people pay more than they'd like, more than is sensible and more than is fair. It's an economic model. If you're starving you'll choose to spend all your money on food and none of it on rent. And you'll choose to buy the cheapest food. Incidentally I don't believe it helps for you to get offended on behalf of the starving. One could say the same about your post. I think if Google can pass for a non-native speaker that's pretty good. Yes. You can use cell magic to change the language for each cell and you can display HTML/latex output inline or just mix computations in with markdown. The only problem is that the editor is just a text box with annoying bracket matching instead of Emacs. That's a strange thing to say. In my experience having friends in Ireland is just like having friends in any other country. The jupyter team are aware of, but not currently fixing, this issue. I use the excellently simple nbstripout as git hook and it silently removes everything but code. What about GHC? > fall outside of the bell curve You know that Gaussian distributions specifically include outliers. Why say "over 280" when you could just say 288?