To me this was a huge WTF? If they went to the trouble of making the back easily detachable, why did they deliberately do that? Almost feels like they're trolling the user: "Ha! Fooled you!" Even more so when they officially refer to it as the "battery door" in the documentation! https://motorola-global-en-roe.custhelp.com/app/answers/prod... I can remember that out of all the code I've written, I've very rarely needed a +1/-1 except as part of accessing a next/previous element, so at least from this data point, zero-based indexing makes the code simpler and easier to understand. That second example of yours I had to spend a lot more time reading (and mentally doing increments/decrements) to figure out. I'm almost willing to bet there would be more off-by-one errors if one-based somehow became the norm. And that's something that can be done in a single line at the terminal in Windows, OS X, or *nix. Learning how to use that effectively before learning how to code would already be a big step. It actually has a lot more processing power than the minimum required to "connect to the Internet" - TCP/IP and web servers have been implemented on microcontrollers with KBs of RAM. Parsing and rendering HTML, however, does need more than that... ...or maybe not, as this C64 web browser(!) shows: http://csdb.dk/release/?id=30400 You can already do something like this with smartcards (stick them on a reader/writer), although the data transfer rate and capacity is much lower... More like two connections plus a ton of short circuits... I read the title as "$0 commision block storage"... This looks closer to Mathematica/Maple/MATLAB than a basic calculator, although still nowhere near the power of those. Of course 1/0 should be +Infinity, not ?... (Disclaimer: I have a Mathematica console always open on my desktop, and regularly use it for all kinds of calculations.) Interesting to see that they're reusing what used to be the REP/REPNZ prefices for this purpose, rather than assigning a completely new (and likely 0F+) opcode. I suppose it's because the existing instruction decoder already recognises it as a prefix (they would just be ignored pre-Haswell.) To make a game from scratch, you must first reinvent the universe. Python advocacy aside, I agree that OOP is best taught when it "comes naturally" and NOT the first thing programmers should be learning. That is, the ideal sequence of concepts I think would be (along with a possibly contrived but relevant example): 1. Very basic, sequential computation. Add two numbers. 2. Conditional computation. Find the absolute value of two numbers. 3. Computations over homogenous data: Arrays and loops. Find the average of the absolute value of a set of numbers. 4. Computations over inhomogenous data: Structures. Find the area of a set of rectangles. 5. Computations over "even more inhomogenous" data: Objects. Find the area of a set of shapes of different types, and find the centroid of them. That's where you ask "how would you do this with what you've learned so far", and the learners should start to build different structures with a lot of similar aspects and duplication of code (I realize I didn't explicitly talk about the value of functions/procedures above, I guess it'd go somewhere after 3), and then you show them how much more straightforward it is to do with OOP. Now they know the value of OOP and what "doing it without" would entail, and you end up with a bunch of more knowledgeable programmers who won't needlessly create baroque class hierarchies and write more code than they need to, but will use those abstractions when they have value. There is a huge difference IMHO between e.g. being taught dogmatically "you MUST use functions because abstraction is good" like it is something you should take at face value, and being taught by being given a problem in which you do not know about functions at this point and thus write lots of duplicated code and then being shown the value of eliminating that duplication via functions. I've seen way too many learners create half a dozen classes with a ton of methods in them when given a problem that could be solved in a single function of a few lines, then have trouble figuring out what to put in the method bodies... it's completely backwards! No matter how much "architecture" you manage to create with deeply nested objects, in the end all the functionality of your code is essentially based on a series of statements executed in sequence, much like they would be in a purely procedural language. The fact that many otherwise highly-regarded educational institutions are churning out programmers who can create dozens of classes with dozens of methods in them, and then not know what goes in those methods, i.e. the actual "meat" of the computation, is something I find highly disturbing. If you view OO as a set of organisational facilities above procedural code, then it makes a lot of sense. The article is arguing that abstractions like OOP are unnecessary for a beginner. It is only after you understand procedural code that OOP "makes sense". To take that example even further down the "procedural with OO-ish conventions": Window_open(window); Line aLine; Line_make(aLine); Window_add(window, aLine); Because that's how a computer actually works, and the sequential execution concept is something that is intuitive to anyone who has followed a schedule, a recipe, been taught how to tie their shoelaces, ... , in essence, done any sort of living. Definitely. Structures are data grouped together, classes are that plus you can define functions to implicitly operate on their contents (also known as methods), extend them, etc. Then it becomes even easier to move onto C++. > I'm on a Mac so there's no scrollbars. There's your problem. They are still in use for modern mechanical watches with a date display - to advance the date wheel one day per two revolutions of the hour hand. NO, that is the wrong way to go. HDD is important (especially if you have an SSD) because it shows when it's being accessed, Wifi is even more important because you're communicating over the network when that one activates, and if it's doing so without any reason to then you should suspect something going on (like malware infection). Ditto for BlueTooth. If they're implemented well, hardware indicators are impossible to fake. One of my biggest gripes is how MS removed in Win7 the little connection icon in the system tray that shows when data is sent/received (it even split send/recv into two separate indicators, rather clever I think.) IMHO the trend of "simplification" is going too far. How about educating the users instead of making them more ignorant by hiding anything that they "wouldn't know about" (and making it harder for them to even start wondering about - and thus possibly learning)? "flexibility" is the same reason for why we have software designs that are many times more complex than necessary, an IMHO it's a line of reasoning that should be questioned more. As a compromise, the indicator could be wired-OR: software can turn on the indicator if it wants to, and it gets turned on if the camera is on, but software cannot turn it OFF if the camera is on. Things like this are sort of like seatbelts and helmets: you usually don't need it, but when you need it, you REALLY need it. Indicator LEDs usually just dim (unnoticeably) over time. Catastrophic failures do occur, but tend to be more likely with high-power torch/backlight LEDs that are driven hard to produce the most light rather than indicators which are operated at "visible but not too bright" levels. I have a keyboard from '86 and its numlock LED is still working perfectly fine after nearly 3 decades. configuration. It's also cheaper to "just do it in software". Some laptops will seriously overheat if left turned on without an OS loaded, because the *s that designed them didn't even bother to hook up the temperature sensor to the fan controller and left the "hook up" to OS-level drivers. Care to show any Apple laptops that don't have built-in webcams? Sorry to burst your bubble but actually that "physical switch to disable radios" is, if I remember correctly, just another signal to the wireless card (which runs its own firmware as well). It's not a true power kill. IMHO there's no much simpler way to write a CPU emulator than as a huge switch inside a loop as that models quite well what a real CPU does. Anything more just obfuscates the essence of the functionality. Coincidentally it's very likely the new Furby also uses a GeneralPlus 6502 (CMOS) core. I can also get a good idea whether the CPU is idle or doing some particular task just by listening to the motherboard. This isn't any sort of paranormal effect, it's quite audible. I suspect most of it comes from the inductors on the CPU vcore DC-DC converter. For me, the sounds I hear are somewhat like this: Animated GIF = chuff-chuff-chuff, one chuff per frame transition Scrolling terminal window = low hissing, like someone slowly breathing out Dragging window around the screen = high-pitched whine CPU stress test = very high-pitched whistling Loading a big app = a more noisy hiss than scrolling the terminal window, interspersed with HDD sounds I was tested at a young age to have above-average hearing range, so maybe that also has a factor in how well you can hear these things; I don't listen to loud music or subject myself to loud noises either. The problem in your case (no pun intended) seems to be the difficulty of "finding the right branch". With a CPU emulator, it's not so hard: look up the opcode and there it is. Would you rather scan through a single file or several dozen? Interesting trivia I've wondered about (like "why are the registers in x86 named in A, C, D, B order), not really any issue though; you memorise them just as well in any case if you work with enough code. What autocorrect thinks of "mobile devices", I guess. But people do use them an awful lot for watching movies too... In the case that the value you're switching on is a byte, and all 256 values are present in the case (very common for an 8-bit CPU emulator), a switch is a single instruction. You can't get faster/simpler than that. A little hint for improvement: condition() could be implemented as a switch instead of a long if-chain. Did you use this for generating the opcodes? The Z80 ISA encoding is quite regular and octal-based: http://www.z80.info/decoding.htm Do you pronounce it 'stidder'? And before reading the article I already had the impression that it came from someone seeing error messages going to an awfully inappropriate place. > The researchers examined the printer nozzle after printing, though, and found that a lot of cells were sticking to the interior surface All the advances in science and we still cannot figure out how to stop a printhead from clogging. ;) They could've used a 32-bit comparison instead, which would remove much of the oddities (and probably run at the same speed on modern processors). There's always a pattern to the opcodes, even though in some cases it's not quite so obvious (like x86 - it's octal too). The reason has to do with how it's implemented in hardware. The 6502's is only slightly less regular than the z80 and here's an interesting article about that: http://www.pagetable.com/?p=39 IMHO the switch would improve both style and performance, what caught my eye when I looked over the code was that different flags would require different amounts of time to execute, which really seems an odd thing for an emulator to do. Intel does. http://code.google.com/p/corkami/wiki/x86oddities#register_o... I like the story of PHP because it is a very powerful reminder that ultimately what matters is that something works, not that it is beautifully designed or appeals to some other higher-order train of thought. It's a very grassroots-style of innovation where pragmatism prevails, and there is no "right" way that people dogmatically follow. You don't have to know much about data structures or hashing to do anything useful, just find a way that works. You don't have to worry about finding the "perfect design". If people can learn a language like English with far more irregularity, inconsistent function names are the least of their worries. Just do it. And I find that very inspirational and motivating because it says that anyone who puts enough effort into getting something done, will. ...like everyone who has learned C or its derivatives. It's just part of the vocabulary of the language. You could as well ask "what's a list comprehension " in Python, for example. Never seen that one, but I think it's cute. On the other hand, you now have something that could easily be turned into a regex for detecting spam. The majority also use unbranded/local/clone Android handsets (including ones that look like iPhones). > User experience while crashing improved; some users have reported over a 200% improvement here lolwut? > Directory listing is now more accurate It was inaccurate before? What I find when I work with "pointy" data structures is that it really, really helps to draw diagrams to clarify your thinking. I can write a doubly-linked list extraction with my eyes closed (and it'd probably help to do it with closed eyes, since I can more easily picture what's going on) but it very likely won't look anything like yours... what's dec for? And all the extraneous underscores in the variable names, I don't see why you need them. What's wrong with p and p? XML? For key remapping ? Seriously...? The first thing to come to mind when I read the parent was Sean Wrona too... I use StickyKeys which lets me hit Shift and then a letter, which I think is even faster since you don't have to "un-shift" like you would with CapsLock. I don't know when but very shortly after I started to use vi I learned about and used Ctrl+[, and have been doing that to this day. I still tend to use ^[ instead of Esc by instinct, even when it doesn't work in any other program. Indeed, a bootable browser has little use outside of... web browsing. Even an old machine with an old OS is more usable, especially when there's no network connectivity. That happens a lot more than you think with a laptop.