See Ypsilon Scheme: http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/ Ypsilon has been developed as a fundamental technology for LittleWing Pinball Construction System. More info: http://www.littlewingpinball.com/contents/en/ypsilon.html Yeah, like the Lisp Machine from 1980. Command: (software-type) "Lisp Machine" Command: (time:parse "twenty-nine years before yesterday") 0 0 0 4 4 80 4 NIL :RELATIVE France has solved nothing. The nuclear waste problem is unsolved in France as it is everywhere else. Depends in which areas. If you are in environmental sector (for example alternative energy) there is a good chance that the technology has been developed in Germany. Same for machines, cars, ... Europe has several companies competing in the area of high-speed trains. The US has none. It is just thinking about having their own high-speed train services (minus the Acela, which is not really high-speed), where Europe has lots of those in France, Germany, Spain... There are innovation areas where Europe actually now is ahead of the US. That happened, because the US was more focused in finance, space and military technology - and less so with other engineering areas (often civil). The German 'Mittelstand' (medium sized companies) has lots of 'Weltmarktführer' (market leaders) which are based on innovation and technology in their areas. Software is part of their offerings, but it is not the web-based software what they develop. It is often embedded software or applications. Guess what, these companies are fully exposed to global competition. Actually their market is global - which is why Germany has a huge trade surplus - from selling high-tech, machines, tools, cars, trains, robots, ... The article is also not really correct with respect to 'Theseus'. Theseus is a german research project in the area of semantic knowledge infrastructure. It is not a start up company and it is not done with France. Theseus is basic research. Volkswagen is also long ago - it was founded by the Nazis. It is not an example how companies are created in Germany nowadays. It is true that Germany has less venture capital and its innovation is not that much based on creation of startup companies funded by venture capital. But that does not mean innovation is government controlled or induced. The example I mentioned above, innovation in the 'Mittelstand' is the counter example. How about taking the money away from DARPA and do some actually useful research? For somebody with 15 years of Lisp experience he sure managed to mention the most trivial use of macros. If I need to run my programming language to run on top of the infrastructure of another program language to use its services, the designers made something wrong. Today larger applications are based on layers communicating with each other over all kinds of ways. Deeply embedding is just one way. I also think that developers should do more than read books to evaluate a technology. Reading Lisp books is surely not sufficient - eventually the author now was able to use a Lisp dialect and not only read about it. The author is also mostly guessing that 'Clojure has all the benefits of LISP' without having used other Lisps. can Clojure now save images? does it have CLOS? I thought a huge different to many Lisp dialects is that Clojure is not especially object-oriented. In contrast to most CL implementations (and other Lisp dialects like ISLisp, many Scheme implementations, ...), which are very object-oriented - using many CLOS-based libraries. can it compile to C? can I use it without the JVM? does it start up in less than ten ms? programmable reader? more powerful exception handling for interactive software? tail calls? etc. etc. I'm not saying that you need all that, but saying that Clojure has all that a typical CL implementation or what some of the more advanced Scheme implementation offer would surprise me... if you say: Clojure is a member of the family of Lisp languages x is the set of features that all the members of the Lisp family share Clojure has all features in x then this is trivially true and not surprising. But if you compare the specific language and implementation called Clojure with, say, the specific implementation Clozure CL (CCL), then I would say that there are quite a few features (and their benefits) of CCL that are both available in a lot of other Lisps (for example direct support for object-oriented programming or the ability to save and restart the state) that Clojure lacks. Also true, Clojure has a few features (especially features that are not widely shared among Lisps like STM) that CCL lacks. hmm, could that list not be replaced by one book? Common Sense for Dummies Now we only need some data that somebody in a billion years wants to read. I don't care that much how people perform in exams. I don't hire people when they need drugs to reach the work level they claim to be at. Should I send the guy to a consultant job and on expenses then pay for the drugs he needs to do his/her job? Here is what I do to improve mental performance: I go jogging with my co-workers in the morning. It is well known that sports like these also increase mental capacity + it also has lots of other positive effects. you can open your mind by watching the nature. In the Lisp 'world' a thunk is often a function/closure with no parameters. I go jogging to maintain a certain fitness level, no to 'induce opiod'. I do understand why it hasn't taken over the world. I also don't care. But then I also don't listen to Britney Spears' 'music'. How much impact had Guy Steele on the design of Java? My guess was always that Java was mostly designed when he arrived and he was hired for his experience in standards and his writing capabilities. Given that Mr. Steele co-wrote a book on C, worked on the standard for High Performance Fortran, the CL standard, and other things. not really. The Symbolics Lisp Machine came with a huge library of thousands of class and 30000+ functions. Additionally it had compilers for Fortran, C, Pascal and others. It could compile things like TeX and X11 on the Lisp Machine. He just does not want to build on the JVM. I can understand that. The JVM is optimized for Java and nothing else. SUN has not done much to support other languages (functional, dynamic, ...) on top of the JVM (Microsoft does that with its .net infrastructure, though). Using the JVM for Lisp is fine, because it is there. But it is ugly, since it is alien for Lisp. More alien than x86 is for Lisp. So you would not write hybrid Java and Clojure programs? You would not reuse and extend Java classes? Strange. I thought Rich went to the JVM because the eco system is so rich ;-) and not just because it happens to have a code execution environment and a garbage collection implementation. Strange, most people on comp.lang.lisp seem to use Common Lisp on UNIX, Linux, Mac OS X, JVM. Many edit in Emacs or VIM. Most use some kind of X11 window system. Seems to me pretty pragmatic. just not for a Lisp dialect. The mismatch is known and widely documented. they were in the Luftwaffe and a part of the war machine of Nazi Germany reading a bit through the history I have the impression that projects like these were taking resources but achieving little. I doubt a plane like this with the technology of that time would have had any impact in the war, other than losing lots of pilots in an unstable plane. is there any non-military research left in the US? The page is lightweight with a reason. The documents are linked to another server with more bandwidth (but with a slight disk problem, I hope it still survives a bit). More 'problematic' was comment of mine on reddit where I linked to some pages with images. If it is slow, then it is more especially when somebody looks at such a page. Well, when Clinton was president, two Symbolics XL1200 and then later two DEC Alphas running Open Genera were serving the White House Publication Server (a part of Clinton's web presence). Those two machines did get a lot more hits than my home site does. I had the chance to look at the live logs during the monica levinsky scandal. ;-) Anyway, don't crawl the site. It is for reading, not for crawling. It's up in this way since 2003 and I hope it stays this way. Thanks. ;-) Microsoft is a disease. Their products are buggy, ill-designed and over-priced. Eclipse is a great window environment. It only needs a good IDE. web programming mostly I would say that MAP/FILTER/REDUCE are relatively trivial applications of Functional Programming. Add to that lack of side effects, then it gets really simple. What would one want to test with these simple examples. But how about more complex code, like an XML parser in a functional language. No tests? I doubt that. Ever tried to write more than a few pages of text/graphics with Word? It falls over pretty soon. Yes, I do own a copy of Microsoft Office. Excel is okay. Powerpoint so so. Word is terrible. Entourage has good and bad sides - but has lots of problems when there are non-trivial amounts of data. There is no excuse for the buggyness of MS Word. See here: Hacker Spaces ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hackerspace ) all over the world: http://hackerspaces.org/wiki/List_of_Hacker_Spaces I would format the function like this: (defun memoize (fn) (let ((cache (make-hash-table :test #'equal))) (lambda (&rest args) (multiple-value-bind (val win) (gethash args cache) (if win val (setf (gethash args cache) (apply fn args))))))) I'm a Lisp programmer and the C# arglist is already hard to parse with lots of noise - for me. Second I don't look for { or ( but for the block indentation, so a { on a single line does not give me enough visual clues. The 'return arg =>' form is not obvious to me. What does it do? Where dies TReturn come from, TParam? Why is there }; and } ? it is still Yegge: shallow and mostly wrong. People who actually use Lisp (opposed to people who only write about it) have no problem that there are extensions to the standard. The whole point of Lisp is that it is easily extended in many ways: the programmable programming language. Sure it brings a bunch of problems, but that's what it is and why people use it. The stuff he writes about CLOS is mostly wrong. CLOS is not implemented as a bunch of macros. CLOS is actually a three level architecture: the core is written object-oriented in CLOS itself, on top is a functional interface and for user convenience there is a bunch of macros for easy definition of classes, generic functions, methods and some other language objects. Then, macros are no problem. They are a feature. No, 'hygienic' is fine, but not needed. No they don't need to be rethought. They do a useful job like they are. No, Lisp will never be massively successful (because it is a bit too complicated, too dynamic, too powerful for many users) and bending the language trying to make it 'massively successful' won't improve anything. No, I don't want a dictator. Lisp has choice, various alternatives and a more democratic approach. Lisp is still a good choice for computing with symbols. If you don't need that, then you might not need Lisp. But that's not a reason that Lisp should change. Should a helicopter be changed in design because someone does not use it, but drives a car? Should the helicopter be changed, because more people drive cars, getting a drivers license for cars is easier than getting a pilot's license for helicopters? Lisp is different, for a reason and this difference will ensure its survival for many years. We have now fifty years that the basic ideas have proven to be useful and I don't see that this will change in the coming years. if you are a good cook, a sharp knife will be very useful. Others might only hurt themselves with it. No, the quality of things is not measured necessarily by the amount of uneducated users. the scripting languages are a shallow subset of Lisp, in some ways. But Lisp was not designed to script applications. It was designed to be a language that can compute with symbols. This applied to Lisp itself lead to meta circular definitions, macros, meta level architectures like CLOS, and more. It led to the first self hosting compiler in the earlz 60s and ever since Lisp implementations have been written largely in itself. It was designed to easily implement all kinds of notations and evaluation mechanism. Originally for example to implement symbolic mathematics and logic reasoners. If the subset of Lisp that allows scripting is fine for you, that's great. Why complicate things? It is popular enough, that there are ten maintained Common Lisp implementations, a hundred Scheme implementations and new dialects get invented every other year. I was just sunday on the European Common Lisp Meeting here in Hamburg. It was really nice, we heard of a bunch of actual applications and heard of new implementation facilities. The biggest plus: the event was completely free of random whining. Java appealed to the industrial users: a controlled language specified down to the instruction level, no complicated features, absolute stability on all levels. The SUN Java courses were just that: the programmer has to learn the language constructs and the library. Then the programmer learns some patterns to use the language effectively Lisp is the antithesis to this: it is a language laboratory - the programmable programming language. The programmer needs to develop skills to understand when and how to change the language. Changing and extending the language is a core mechanism. This makes the language unstable and puts a lot of linguistic power into the programmer. With Lisp you need to trust the programmer and the programmer has to learn how to justify the trust (by learning to effectively use macros, by learning when and when not to use EVAL, ...). The Lisp programmer has to learn how to program languages and the concepts he may want to use for that. 'Recursive Functions of Symbolic Expressions and Their Computation by Machine', McCarthy, 1960 http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/recursive/recursive.html Does that sound like 'Ruby'? I don't think so. Common Lisp defines a mildly large language with a standard of 1000+ pages. Implementations use both non-portable and portable libraries. There are also several libraries that span several implementations. Also the implementations serve different purposes and may use widely different implementation strategies - so not all libraries might apply to a certain implementation. The choice is there for a reason. Some libraries might start on some implementation. If it is good, then it will likely be ported (if necessary) to other implementations. I saw that talk and I can tell you that he looked very confused. He was just in the need for an excuse to develop just another scripting language. You could see that he had not much experience with Lisp and that Lisp was not something that he actually needed. I think he knew Lisp mostly 'in theory'. If you think that he is a pretty smart guy, then I would say that there are many Lisp implementations that are way ahead in terms of implementation technology - Matz's Ruby implementation is in the Lisp world several decades behind the state of the art. Ruby is one of the slowest scripting languages and has a very much ad-hoc design. It does useful things for many people, and that counts. But from the technology it is Ruby that is a huge pain in the ass. Just see how people struggle to write a decent compiler for it. Instead it is just another simple interpreter with a C core for the interpreter implementation and parts of the library. Ruby is fast where you stay in with the library functions that are implemented in C - otherwise it is a pain. The better Lisp systems are also written in Lisp and their performance is sometimes 10 to 100 times of what Ruby offers - while Lisp offers also lots of dynamic features and the code as data paradigm. Guile is some random Lisp implementation, designed for scripting. 'Lisp' is a family of languages and the basic design was done by John McCarthy starting in 1958. He did not design a scripting language. I was talking about 'Lisp', not Guile. Why do you want to take away my ability to choose a suitable implementation? I let you have your freedom to choose a scripting language. Lisp is a family of different languages and implementations. Like 'scripting languages': python, rebol, ruby, javascript, vbscript, ... - similar problem there: why not have one main language? why these all these scripting languages which share almost NO code? In Common Lisp I have a core language and can share lots of code between different implementations. ECL compiles to C and byte code and can be embedded. SBCL uses an optimizing compiler to machine code. CLISP uses a byte code engine written in C. ABCL is compiles to the JVM. LispWorks and Allegro CL define very large languages with lots of bells and whistles. Each of these implementations have been developed for different usages scenarios. CLISP is fine for scripting, LispWorks is better for the development of portable applications with a GUI. There are Common Lisp implementations that are more popular than others. For free implementations SBCL is the most popular. But there is competition. CCL is also very good. Some implementations are less popular, but they survive because they use different implementation technologies. The commercial implementations like Allegro CL and LispWorks are also widely used, and provide features that the other implementations don't provide or don't provide as complete. LispWorks for example has a cross platform GUI toolkit that is used to implement its cross platform development environment. One can develop sophisticated GUI applications that can be compiled for Windows, Unix, Linux, FreeBSD and Mac OS X without changes. Dan Weinreb gives an overview: http://common-lisp.net/~dlw/LispSurvey.html . Ruby for example does not give me these choices. The main implementation is widely used, but lacks much of what the advanced Lisp implementations offer - which enables me to write a different class of applications in Lisp. http://rubyconf2008.confreaks.com/matzs-keynote.html He sounds confused. Started with BASIC: 'I could Make Intelligence'. ??? Then he found Lisp in a magazine article and 'fell in love with it'. 'BASIC aristocracy' vs. 'Lisp democracy'??? He liked Lisp from a book, but 'unfortunately he did not have a computer that could run it'. In University he used Emacs Lisp and it did not make him 'happy'. Parentheses? No? He had no problems with it. Macros? Partially. 'Smart people just underestimate oridinarity (sic) to use Lisp'. 'We are too ordinary to use Lisp'. Aristocracy. He is happy with aristocracy, as long as he has power. The whole video is so painful... I was not talking about 'technical correctness' (though the literature how to implement languages does exist - just start with Steele's papers - Steele describes efficient compilation some thirty years ago), but about 'technical capabilities' - and it that area Ruby is lightyears behind Lisp implementations. I'm also not saying 'Ruby is slower so we should all use Lisp', I'm saying: Ruby is much less capable than Lisp, so it neither is a Lisp nor is it able to replace Lisp for the tasks where people use Lisp. For an expert Lisp programmer there is little reason to use Ruby anyway. Ruby has a larger user community, but that does not help me when Ruby simply does not provide the capabilities I need - the user community could be ten times larger and the number of libraries could be also even larger. It does not help if the libraries that I'm interested in are not available and probably never will. Matz designed Ruby for so-called 'ordinary' people with him to do the language design. I can tell you for sure that I neither like his design nor do I want him as the language designer. In the Lisp world the implementors role is to empower the user, not make them dependent. I need a new control structure? I write one myself. I don't have to wait for some benevolent dictator, who probably does not get basic designs right - just look at the confusion of blocks, lambdas, etc. in Ruby. (also there is no excuse for putting confused stuff on slides, even when he is not a native speaker - lots of people (including me) are no native English speakers and I haven't sensed this amount of confusion Matz shows) That Lisp is too complicated for some people is not news, still Emacs (which he tried) now comes with a standard library of a million lines of Emacs Lisp code for all kinds of editor extensions. Emacs Lisp code that has been written by very different people and obviously a lot of them learned enough Lisp to write sophisticated applications based on Emacs (like GNUS, calc, the various mail modes, org mode, ...). Lisp is also not only great technically and theoretically, but some people found it practically. There weren't ten maintained Common Lisp implementations if there were no users for it. For example the talks at the Lisp Meeting last sunday here in Hamburg described several applications in Lisp: an airline reservation system (developed by a team of hundred people, fifty of them Lisp programmers), a visual reactive programming system, an aircraft analysis tool, a reasoner for the semantic web, a visual simulation system, machine learning applications and some more. C, C#, C++, Objective C, C with extensions, ... The usual default is that Lisp is late bound. You would tell Lisp when or where you don't want that. If you use CLOS for example, any method can be removed or added at runtime. I'm not sure how not adding a reader macro mechanism makes the design easier. Actually the point of read macros is to enable incremental addition/change of syntactic elements of s-expressions. PAIP has some great code and explains more how to do version a), how to move to version b) and finally reach version c). The process is typical in Lisp: you do a quick first version and then refine it where needed by adding features or by optimizing it at the right places. I think the main reason is exactly this: the local telcos don't earn money on voip telephony. India is looking to increase income - being able to bill phone calls is definitely desirable for some people. no, they are not 'bad on purpose'. Peter Norvig shows how to get from quick bottom up prototypes to optimized code. The purpose is to quickly and cleanly as possible get a first version going and then improve that. Common Lisp programs make heavy use of side effects from imperative code, over destructive operations to the CLOS object system.