I signed up for HN over 2 years ago, made one post, then promptly forgot my login. I've tried on a few occasions to remember, but this is the incentive I needed to finally figure it out - thanks. Disclaimer: I've never done an industrial-class password hash, but the salts you show match my understanding of good practice. Coincidentally this was posted on HN today, and it takes issue with the hashing method rather than the salt: http://codahale.com/how-to-safely-store-a-password/ Grados are old-school ugly, but they sound fantastic and don't completely block out the world. I have the SR60. I keep seeing this "problem" come up, but I don't understand how it's realistic. If you have a function that modifies a parameter as a side effect, why would you have a default value for the parameter? And since the site's comments seem to be taken over by link spam, is this mention on Hacker News just a clever way to juice the Google rank of said spam? How is that possible? I thought that a generic word in common use couldn't be trademarked at all. Is the system really that broken? First step, talk to a lawyer. Don't trust anything you read on the internet, including what comes next - I am not a lawyer, and even if I were I am not your lawyer. I find it funny that the letter talks about copyright and making copies. You can't copyright a name, although you can certainly trademark it. uspto.gov has a trademark search function. And there's no better reward for the prankster than taking your freak-out public. The link ends up at a paywall. Sorry, can't be bothered. Interesting tech, but calling it 300 DPI is a bit dishonest. It takes 2 pixels to get the full color gamut, so your effective resolution is cut in half. If you have a programmers.stackexchange.com account, you might want to put a vote in here: http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/47197/are-the... I guess Bing has a little catching up to do in its misspelling detection. I've often been glad I'm not a lawyer. Could you imagine writing code (a contract) that you can't test before putting into production, and running it on a processor (Judge) that would execute it inconsistently from every other processor? The more useful BitCoin becomes, the more of a threat it becomes to the governments of the world. You'll be creating a huge lightning rod. The two most likely outcomes are BitCoin is a flop and so are you, or the government shuts you down. Not very promising prospects. The peak always comes just before the decline. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The best way is to point out real-life bad outcomes. It's a bit difficult because they tend to be hushed over. Here's one example, I'm sure nobody had access to their database either: http://www.bankinfosecurity.asia/articles.php?art_id=2415 No question I'd talk to a lawyer before trying to integrate this service into my own product. Already discussed: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2687680 Is it the work "TODO" which has been trademarked, or just the graphic associated with it? If it's the word, I'm disgusted - words and phrases in common usage shouldn't be eligile for trademark. Bitter much? The value of a college education hasn't changed in a long time. It has never been a guarantee of a job. It has never been the only way to learn things. The only thing that has changed is the cost: the price of college has outpaced inflation for many many years. Only a small part of your rant covered that aspect. Success comes to those who demonstrate their worth. A degree is only a part of that process. You're going to get a huge amount of selection bias in a poll like this. The people most likely to try out Google+ are the ones who were already looking for an alternative to Facebook. You could simply open the footnote in a new tab, then the only effort to returning would be to close the tab. Or better just leave it open for the next footnote you come to. Citations go 20 years before that: http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Citations:automagical#English Unfortunately the P&T office has gone stark raving mad. And nobody will step up to overturn these because that costs money, and who will fight for something they can't own either? I just turned on showdead but I still can't see anything at the link. Even if the patent has expired, copyright is still in place. You can't use the code unless it was placed in the public domain by the author or you have been granted a license. You could however write your own code that expresses the same algorithm. Nothing about this protects you from violating any other patents. The patent may be expired, but an enhancement to it might be granted a new patent, and your implementation might inadvertently infringe on the enhancement. There may also be cases where two patents cover the same algorithm. Be careful about assuming a patent has expired, terms have changed in the past and you have to consider foreign patents as well. Like a virus scanner. Or a virus. Shouldn't you be asking GoDaddy instead of us? Seems like a simple problem to resolve unless they're actively ignoring you. Old joke: "Being a founder means you can work half-days if you want. The best part is you get to choose which 12 hours that is." Your relationship with your customer(s) should be your number one priority. With a 1 year head start you should be the premier option, it would be interesting to find out what caused this defection. If you strongarm them back to you, what will be the long-term consequences? Deleting a ton of emails is one sign of a hacked account, and Google has been trying to add safeguards lately. They're probably waiting for you to contact them, at which point you'll have to jump through hoops to prove you're the rightful owner. The current system works well enough and is unlikely to be replaced, ever. 1) Append .com and see where it takes you. 2) Let a search engine figure it out. And tell me again why this belongs on HackerNews? The devices exist already, except they're all running Android. It shouldn't take more than a few tweaks to get WebOS running instead. Any HW manufacturer could try it to test the waters, and if they're first it would be good PR. Ironically the site features don't work in IE8. I went back to the link and couldn't find that disclaimer. Can you tell me where it is? Edit: never mind, it's not on the linked page, it's on the parent page. And how was I supposed to know that? I think ultimately the worst thing will be the unintended consequences, but those are hard to predict before they happen - and don't fit conveniently into a sound bite. Naturally there are always applications that can use more raw power, but the article focuses on those segments and I think that's misguided. The real growth powered by Moore's Law in the immediate future will be processors that are lower power and cheaper, not faster. The success of the iPad has proven that faster processors are not what the public is clamoring for right now. Mainstream tasks really hit diminishing returns after two cores. Not that processors won't get faster, just that the transistor budget won't get used to that end exclusively. I'm pessimistic for the future of the cloud on mobile devices, because we'll reach a bandwith limit. As the frequencies fill up the pipes are going to get more sluggish over time, unlike the trends we see in other tech sectors. Reminds me of the children's book "Something for Nothing" which took the principle a step further. When some cats started trashing a dog's house just for fun, he offered to pay them to do it. The next day he paid more but made them work harder for it. And again etc. Finally he said he had no more money, and the intrinsic motivation of the rogue cats was gone - he never saw them again. Reason 1: past success is the best predictor of future success. With no track record you can't be evaluated. Reason 2: there are certain things that can be only learned by experience. If you have no experience, you haven't learned those things yet. A VC or Angel knows they're taking a risk that you won't be able to handle the job, so they spread their investments over a lot of companies hoping to find that diamond in the rough. Even so they're not going to hand over money to everyone who asks for it, you need to prove yourself to them through some means other than experience. Look at how tough it is to get into YC for example. I have a friend who worked as a programmer until a bad case of burnout coincided with a layoff. He's been driving for a delivery service for at least 10 years now. I've never heard of Deja Vu harming anyone, but I'm not a doctor. Maybe you should start by talking to someone who is. Have you been taking care of yourself? Getting enough sleep? You're blaming Apple because the different carriers all decided on incompatible RF standards? You're blaming Apple because your carrier doesn't offer a family data plan, and you refuse to consider a wifi-only iPad? I think you're ranting in the wrong direction, and in the wrong place. I thought this would be a perfect chance to try http://octopart.com/ but no luck there. Sorry. There are a few states that have laws covering this situation, otherwise it probably depends on the agreements you signed when you were hired. stackoverflow.com/questions/401269/states-having-nonassignable-invention-exceptions-similar-to-california-code-sect I don't know what the default is in cases where there's no explicit agreement, but this outcome seems possible. www.dilbert.com/2009-01-22/ Forgive me that the links aren't clickable, I'm having trouble submitting this comment and I suspect it's a bozo filter that I'm tripping. I think this is missing the difference between grabbing your Facebook login and using Facebook's OpenID capability. The only piece of information StackOverflow gets back from Facebook is the fact that you're logged in there. Does the Linux disk cache push out pages that are used by running applications? I believe Windows does it, though I can't state that for a fact. How well does it work with formatted email? The problem is coming up with a scaling algorithm that works ideally on every kind of image; it simply can't be done. Some methods work better for some images, and other methods work better on others. Wikipedia has a good overview: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image_scaling The scaling in the browser has to work on any arbitrary resizing, not just 2x. A simple pixel doubling only works in one specific circumstance, and would be inconsistent with other scaled images.