I dropped Dropbox completely two years ago because I considered them to be insecure and unsafe. (Like all the rest of cloud storage.) I have since set up my own personal cloud. It's more secure and nobody else has any control over it. First world problem. Just appreciate the fact that there IS toilet paper. "Bomber" by Len Deighton. Nothing that you do not control yourself can be considered secure. If you must use a 'cloud storage', consider it to tantamount to be 'in the public domain'. In other words, don't put anything in 'cloud storage' that you would not be happy seeing printed on the front page of the New York Times for all the world to see. Was that -40 F. or -40 C. ? Now -40 K., I'd like to see that! Very Novice user, and coming from a MSDOS background, I habitually logged in as root, even though I had heard dire warnings not to do that. I had lots of dot-directories in /tmp and my disk didn't have a lot of space left. So I typed in rm -rf .* thinking that I was very smart, and would save time by not having to remove each dot-directory separately. After a while, I wondered why it was taking so long and discovered I had very little of my root filesystem left, so I was forced to do a complete reinstall. Needless to say, I always do my day-to-day work now as a lowly common user, and NOT as root. Looks a little like the XFCE Window Manager (the underlying distro could, quite literally, be anything) but I feel the video is too poor to identify anything properly. ALL water has been recycled pee at some time or other over the last four and a half billion years. And a lot of tap water already has some pee in it from birds and animals (as well as the occasional human). The thing about the disruption is that it wouldn't happen if it were predictable. (If it were predictable, the companies would have done something different, and they wouldn't have been disrupted.) So, while predictions can be made, it won't necessarily pan out that they actually occur. The disruption is normally only really apparent in hindsight. In any case, the companies concerned were honestly trying to do their best, not their worst. The first thing I thought of was the grave robbers who plundered the pyramids and other royal burial chambers looking for valuable metals. There are quite a few nice pieces of valuable metal making up that clock. I give it even less than 50 years before it gets looted. The modern armies rely too much on technology. Yes, it gives you an edge, but it is also a two-edged sword. That's why the old-fashioned insurgent armies of men with human eyes and an AK47 often outfight the soldiers with all the bells and whistles. The Wehrmacht was very high-tech compared to the Red Army in the 1940s, but the Soviets (as did the Americans on the Western Front) threw quantity rather than quality at the Wehrmacht, and destroyed it. True, they lost a lot of stuff and men, but they won. As Stalin said,"Quantity has a Quality all of its own." It's no good having men or equipment that has a 100-to-1 kill ratio, if the enemy can throw 101 at them. It's supposed to be a secret, so please keep it quiet, but FEMA is rounding up all the UUIDs with a starting '51d4' and incarcerating them in special concentration camps. It's a very special place: it's called a Bookmarks file. You can even have folders with subfolders so that you can find what you want very quickly. Sometimes the lo-tech approach works the best. Shades of the 'Windtalkers', who used Native American language during WW2 as a form of unbreakable code. "If you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing to fear". Brand-Names have such a hold in the US that it's often quite difficult to find out what the chemical (or 'generic') name for a drug really is, even using Google. This is a problem for them overseas because the brand-names often differ from country to country while the chemical name remains the same. Many people in the US often don't even realise that Tylenol is the same thing as Panadol or acetaminophen. (Such an ugly word, acetaminopen, that I'm surprised the other common generic name, paracetamol, hasn't won over.) In most other countries, the generic name is used more commonly and Brand-Names are used as an option. Thus a client can say to herself, "Now, which brand of paracetamol will I buy? The 'Tylenol' brand at $10 a hundred, the 'Panadol' brand at $9.50 a hundred, or the local pack at $5? Or even, "I see they're out of my preferred brand, 'Tylenol', so I'd better grab the 'Panadol' brand instead." Facebook problem? (many of us think Facebook IS a problem.) This content is currently unavailable The page you requested cannot be displayed at the moment. It may be temporarily unavailable, the link you clicked on may have expired, or you may not have permission to view this page. When enough people boycott the content-providers for their heavy-handed actions. BDS can be used against companies just as much as against countries. Mainly so the airline can hire out an iPad for in-flight entertainment. They hold your credit card until you return the iPad at the end of the flight. The only "Halt and Catch Fire" I'd heard of before was from the satirical computer instruction set from the 70s(?): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halt_and_Catch_Fire There is other history apart from European history. I see no confirmation from Arabic, Russian or Chinese history which would certainly show a 'sudden jump' over the years which were supposedly invented. I have gone through the 'make it smaller' phase of mobile phones from when they were relatively large heavy bricks that ruined your clothes (or could only be carried in your hand) down to the small chocolate bar size where you could comfortably put two of them in your pocket without noticing them. Now, I find we are going through a 'make it larger' phase where mobile phones are getting too large again to comfortably fit in your pocket. I dislike my Samsung S3 for that reason, and it is no longer one of the largest. When a phone is too large to fit conveniently in your clothes because of weight or size, you can no longer think of it as 'mobile' because you rarely carry it on your person, and tend to put it down and walk away from it out of earshot. Shhh. For God's sake don't tell my desktop and laptops. They've been running Linux (and UNIX before that) for over 20 years. There is a difference between stalling due to high angles of attack, and having too much drag from cross-sectional resistance on an unstalled wing to be able to lift. The practical outcome is the same however, not enough lift to overcome the weight. SWIFT used to cover the world because it was 'neutral' to all countries. By banning Iran from using SWIFT several years back, SWIFT went from covering 'all' to only covering 'some' and thereby lost it's 'indispensable' reputation. Now it looks like another country will be banned from using it. That's called 'shooting yourself in the foot'. The BRICs are now in the process of setting up their own SWIFT-like system, and as time goes on more people will use that system and SWIFT will become less and less relevant, instead of remaining the 'only game in town'. I cancelled my Dropbox subscription several years ago for precisely this sort of situation. Not that any of my files are particularly wonderful, but the point being that I would no longer have control over other people having any and all access to them. Microsoft will eventually roll over. I got imprinted with WordStar back in the early 80s. So much so, that when I program today I use those same text-editing command-codes. So I can jump seamlessly from programming on CP/M, Linux or even MSDOS. Frightening, isn't it? The only thing preventing "boot this USB stick, install Linux, install Windows" is that Microsoft doesn't allow that to happen. Secondly, there are too many questions that need answers which would prevent there being such a simple set of commands. Things like: 'how much space for Windows, and how much space for Linux on your hard drive(s)?' 'what order would you like the boot options to be in?' 'how many logical drives for Windows and how big?' 'how many partitions for Linux, how big, and where do you want to mount them?' and so on. But it never hurts to dream Manufactured by P.T. Barnum, apparently. The articles contains quite a bit of wishful thinking. The same sort of disparagement of an prospective enemy that occurred pre WW2 when 'Made in Japan' was a derogatory term. That soon stopped when US forces came up against the superior Zero fighter and the very capable Japanese Navy. Just because an army's equipment may not match yours in technology is no reason for complacency. The US and Soviet weapons in WW2 were inferior to German stuff, but as Stalin famously said 'Quantity has a quality all of its own'. I think it's time we re-invented Usenet by making the subreddits tree-structured. Or at the least, by making a tree-structured list of subreddits. At the moment there are thousands of subreddits but the only way to find them is by playing with the 'random' button and hoping for a bit of serendipity. I dropped Dropbox at the end of 2011 when the NDAA passed. I felt that 3rd-party cloud storage was no longer private enough or secure enough. After Snowden, seems I was correct. I've been watching the numbers ever since the first reports started coming out. The doubling time has been remarkably constant at about 3 weeks (about the same as the maximum incubation period). In other words, there has been little to no effect on the doubling time by all those policies and procedures we have used to combat Ebola so far. Everything is clear and more evident in hindsight. It seems that as far as Duncan knew, that pregnant woman was suffering from malaria, not ebola. She died while he was in transit or shortly after. He would not have had that knowledge. And to those whose initial reaction is 'Eww! How dirty!' I have to say this: urine is normally more bacteria-free than tap-water coming out of the shower-head. (Which is why it is a good wound-cleanser for soldiers in battle) Boycott for a specific length of time, sometimes for ever. Even when they ring you begging you to 'come back, all is different now'. The only thing companies understand is their bottom line. I withdraw my custom from Companies which rip me off for enough time that they lose at least the amount of money that I have lost, and generally much more. One company made me hang around for 5 hours when I needed that time to do other very important stuff. Then they offered to 'fix that' and did exactly the same time again. I took all of my current business away from them and put put them on the 'do not use' list for 10 years. Several times during that period they rang to offer me various deals, which I refused and told them why I refused them. After 13 years, I thought I would give them another chance. This time they promised the service and I thought they would deliver. But no. They offered some minor services but not the main item I had requested, and made no excuse at all for not delivering. I cancelled that order and went elsewhere. So again, they are on my 'do not use' list and will probably never get any more business ever from me. We now have several land-lines, and mobile phones and ipads which do not ever give Telstra any income from me. One bank insisted on charging me to verify information which I supplied at my own cost. I said to them 'I wouldn't have minded if you had charged me to get the information yourself, saving me from the cost of doing it, Instead you want me to incur the costs of my doing it myself and then your costs as well. If you charge me that $40, I will take away all my business.' They didn't believe me, so I took away several accounts, including a fairly large term-deposit, and took them to another bank. My previous bank-manager rang me to say 'Well, that wasn't necessary over $40.' So I told him I had given him fair warning, and he could have scrubbed the fee. Now he would lose my business. That was 22 years, and many bank-loans, credit-card fees, etc lost over just $40. Not quite as simple as that. The infected patient coughs and a spray of droplets lands on a handle or arm-rest. The next passenger puts his hand on the arm-rest and then eats a packet of peanuts, thus transferring one person bodily fluids into a second person's bodily fluids. Hmmm. I pronounce 'data' as 'dar-ta' because I learned Latin at school and my ancestors were Italian, so I tend to use the Latin 'a' sound. But no, it's 'gif' with a hard 'g'. joe with wordstar key-bindings Some things can't be compiled. Emulators for instance can be compiled for the main guts of it, but the actual operation of emulation can only be interpreted, because the emulator doesn't/can't know in advance what code it could be called upon to be emulating. First rule of business: NEVER turn away a paying customer. Just too many of us. Yet several generations of a 'one-child-per-couple' policy would quietly reduce our numbers enough for us to cope with our over-population and unsustainable use of resources. But that sort of thinking is taboo. 'Interstellar', here we come. But unfortunately, there won't be that convenient wormhole waiting for us. "the infamous Altair 8800" Seeing that this was the machine that fired up the "home computer" revolution and was a direct ancestor to the everyday PC, I can't understand the 'infamous' epithet. In my opinion, that line should read "the famous Altair 8800". I've used Unix/Linux as my primary desktop since 1991. 1991-1995 Bell and Netware Unix SVR4 1995-2001 Sun Solaris 2001-2014 Linux (various distros), currently Linux Mint 17 Somebody probably told them about SCO. It would most likely have a very poor cost-effectiveness ratio. A surface aircraft-carrier expends no energy in maintaining itself, only for propulsion. Turn off the engines though, and a flying aircraft carrier rapidly becomes a surface un-carrier. These days, it's more 'install and go' than previously. That's not to say there is nothing at all to do to customise your system, but it's probably at about the same level as customising your Windows system. Several years ago, things were different. And it used to be that Slackware was the most hands-on distro for learning and using Linux. I believe that is still the case. The manufacture of bicycles in third-world countries appears to be on the increase. Interesting situation. Do we redefine the current magnetic south-pole phenomena to maintain the present compass and mapping infrastructure (in other words, the current south-seeking needle becomes the new north-seeking needle) or do we redefine our maps and naming to follow the current compass infrastructure. (The compass will now point south instead of north, so therefore the current South Pole becomes the new North Pole.) Almost certainly, we will choose the first option, as it permits the least number of changes. We wouldn't be stupid enough the maintain the compass so that the North Magnetic Pole is located close to the Earth's South Pole in Antarctica. Or would we?? Start small then build up. Give yourself lots of small nonsense throw-away challenges, or maybe take one small part of somebody else's website and see if you can duplicate it. You have to keep challenging your boundaries. Don't do stuff you know, try to to do things you don't know. But keep each step upwards simple - don't try to build a skyscraper before you can build a house.