Always when such protests happen in Romania, all the TV shows and the other mass-media are invaded by various people, who benefit from the money stolen by the government, and who tell a huge number of lies designed to confuse the ignorant or weak-minded. Nevertheless, I was surprised to find such a person trying to influence an Internet forum in the USA, far from home. The lies said above by "Sylphine" are some of the most common lies used by the government propagandists at each protest, during the last 26 years. 1. All such protests, began as a response to some wrong action of the government. However the shills, e.g. "Sylphine", behave as if that action did not exist and say that the protests are instigated by political opponents, foreign corporations and so on, who want to overthrow the innocent government. It is true that the political opponents, e.g. the current Romanian president, always try to use such protests to gain advantages over the target of the protests. However, this has nothing to do with the cause of the protests. No politicians in Romania have enough influence to convince a really large number of people to protest just because they say so. 2. Another frequent lie is that from the message above, which attempts to present the two positions, of those that are pro & contra the government as being two equivalent positions. That is as if one would say that there are 2 equivalent theories, one claiming that 2+2=4 and the other claiming that 2+2=7, and that the truth must be somewhere between these 2 extreme theories. This is a lie. The counter-protest gathered not even 200 times less people, all who were obviously old and poor. They were unable to explain logically why they protest. It was obvious that someone has scared them with lies, e.g. that the opponents of the government want to decrease their pensions or salaries. Before the government introduced the changes in the penal Code that started the protests, they increased slightly the pensions and the small salaries. They hoped that this will make everybody happy so nobody will protest when they will achieve their main purpose of modifying the penal Code. While corrupt politicians are everywhere, including in the USA, I am not aware of any other case when they would have been so shameless as to give themselves the permission to steal from the public money, by law, as they tried to do in Romania. The text of the changes to the penal Code is public, so there is no doubt about their content. It is not possible to argue that any member of the government that voted these changes did not break his/her oath, which said that he/she will observe the Constitution and the Laws and he/she will protect the rights of the citizens (which include the right of property over the public money, which must not be stolen by those hired to administrate it). So the 2 positions are not equivalent, one is right beyond any reasonable doubt and the other is wrong beyond any reasonable doubt. This is reflected in the numbers, it is much easier to fool a couple thousand people (counter-protesters) than to fool many hundred thousand people (genuine protesters). The increase in the number of ECHR cases during a year suggests absolutely nothing about the government of that year. Almost all such cases are about trials that have a long history. Trials that have begun 10 years or more ago and that are not solved yet, are not uncommon. So whatever abuses are the subject of complaints, they might be the fault of a government of many years ago. As ECHR is reached after exhausting all other means, it is almost impossible for an ECHR case to refer to an abuse happened during the same year. Those benchmarks mean absolutely nothing, because they obviously knew almost nothing about the processors they were trying to use. 1. "Ryzen's AVX2 support is a bold-faced lie" To say this only shows complete ignorance. It was publicly known for many years that Ryzen will have only 128-bit AVX units, compared to the 256-bit AVX units of Haswell and its successors. Nevertheless, using AVX-256 is still preferable on Ryzen, to reduce the number of instructions, even if the top speed per core is half of that reached by Intel. 2. The benchmark results just show incompetence. While the top speed per core is half, the number of cores is double, so you just need to run twice more threads for a Ryzen to match the speed of Intel. It is true that an i7 7700K will retain a small advantage, because of higher IPC and higher clock frequency, but the advantage for correct programs is small, not like the large advantages of those incompetent benchmarks. I have both a 3.6 GHz /4.0 GHz Ryzen and a 3.6 GHz / 4.0 GHz Skylake Xeon, so I know their behavior from direct experience. While 4-core Intel retains a small advantage in AVX2 computations over 8-core Ryzen, there are a lot of other tasks, e.g. source program compilations, where Ryzen has almost a double speed, so you should choose your processor depending on what is important for you. 3. The most stupid benchmark results are for SHA-1 and SHA-256. Ryzen already implements the SHA instructions that are also implemented in Intel Apollo Lake processors (to boost the GeekBench results against ARM) and will also be implemented in the future Intel Cannonlake processors (whose 2-core version is expected to be introduced this year). If they had benchmarked a correct program that uses the SHA instructions, Ryzen would have trounced any Kaby Lake processor. I agree with these observations. Unfortunately the people who lived all their lives in North America and Western Europe are very naive about what the communist societies really were and they are not aware that during the last 25 years their countries have evolved continuously, becoming every year more and more similar to the former communist countries. This refers not only to surveillance, censorship and loss of rights, but also to the creation of quasi-monopolies in almost every domain. Most people seem not to realize that communism was not different from capitalism, but it was the worst form of capitalism, where everything was done by a monopoly. Not all ARMv7 have FMA, only the newer models. Models with FMA: Cortex-M4, Cortex-M7, Cortex-A5, Cortex-A7, Cortex-A15, Cortex-A17. I do not remember which Cortex-R have FMA. Models without FMA: Cortex-A8, Cortex-A9. The BMC is an ARM microcontroller that has complete access to everything, exactly like the Intel Management Engine, but the server vendors prefer a separate chip for the same job. What is described in the article is very easy to do by inserting a microcontroller on the SPI link that connects the BMC with the flash memory containing the BMC programs, which are copied from there to a RAM at boot. However, such a microcontroller would need 8 pins for at least 7 signals: ground, power, SPI clock and 4 SPI data, to and from BMC and flash memory. Nonetheless, 8-pin packages can be very small, e.g. 0.8 mm by 1.35 mm, i.e. only slightly larger than 1 square millimeter. So from a technical point of view, all is easily feasible. The problem is that it would require compromised people in several places at the subcontractors, because the design files for the PCB must be replaced wherever the PCB is made and in another place, at the PCB assembly, the pick & place document must be replaced and an extra reel with the backdoor component must be mounted on the equipment and that reel must come from somewhere else than from the normal suppliers of the assembly line without raising suspicions. It can be done, but many accomplices are required. Because most of the time the backdoor component will pass the SPI data signals transparently, it will not be detected at any electrical testing and the usual optical inspections are unlikely to detect such a small change. I am using many Supermicro motherboards, so I am wondering if this story is true. If it were true, it would not be much of a surprise, because they did not do something really novel but they just matched what USA also did, e.g. in the Cisco case. If you expected some hyperbole nonsense, it is obvious that the title was completely correct, because you had no idea who were those two. Among not too young users of FreeBSD or other BSD derivatives, it is well known that those operating systems have been partially based on 386BSD, which was written by the Jolitzes. Their role for BSDs is indeed as important as the role of Linus for Linux. While even inside the BSD community they are not as well known as Linus is elsewhere, that is normal, because their contributions ended after the first years, while Linus remained very active until now. I have started to use both FreeBSD and Linux in 1995, and until around 2003/2004 FreeBSD was much better. Then the BSD derivatives had very slow transitions to being able to handle multi-threaded and multi-core processors and also to handle more modern peripherals, e.g. GPUs, while Linux improved much faster than them. The 3rd and 4th are mutually exclusive. If you want the power consumption of a smartphone, you also have the computational speed of a smartphone, but that should be enough for many applications. I have experimented with a very large number of devices between NUC and Pi. While the best processors for such devices would be ARM processors (with Cortex-A76 or Cortex-A75), nobody offers adequate devices. You can find only devices with obsolete slow ARM processors, e.g. RK3399, which are much faster than Pi but much slower than x86, or you can find development systems or modules with modern smartphone ARM processors, but those are much more expensive than a faster Intel NUC. Therefore, for the moment the only sensible choices are devices with either Intel Gemini Lake processors or with Intel Y-Series processors. The devices with Intel Y-Series processors are much faster, but they are also more expensive. While Zotac has presented at CES one such device, its price and time of availability are unknown. For now, the only device available with Y-Series is "LattePanda Alpha". Considering that its price includes 8 GB RAM, 64 GB flash and the Windows licence (even if I wiped it and I installed Linux) it is cheaper than an i3 NUC where at the same price you have no memory. It has everything a NUC has, except that it has one less USB port (it has 1 C + 3 A, while some NUCs have 1 C + 4 A). I have installed in its 2 M.2 connectors a NVMe SSD and a second Ethernet interface. The speed was excellent, because the Kaby Lake CPU was configured for 7 W TDP with 15 W TDP for the first 28 seconds. The included fan does not start unless you run a heavy workload and even then it is silent. The size is smaller than a NUC but larger than a pico-ITX board. If you want something cheaper, or if you want, like me, both full-size DisplayPort & HDMI connectors (not DisplayPort on USB C), then you must choose a Gemini Lake device, i.e. either Zotac ZBOX PI335 Gemini Lake (with N4100, not to be confused with the obsolete ZBOX PI335 with N3350) or an ODROID H2. The ODROID H2 is faster and possibly cheaper (depending on the memory you buy or you already have; ZBOX has soldered memory), but it is larger. ODROID H2 is NUC-sized while PI335 Gemini Lake is pico-ITX sized. ODROID H2 has 2 Ethernet, but PI335 Gemini Lake includes WiFi & BT and it comes in a closed case which will protect it in dusty environments (both have passive cooling). PI335-GK uses a 5 V power supply, so it should be easy to be powered from a power bank. The CPU TDP is configured for steady state 6 W and 15 W for the first 28 seconds. The idle CPU power is less than 2 W. I have not measured the total idle power of the computer. With the CPU halted, the power consumption should be much less, but I have not measured it. Gemini Lake has a speed just a little less than a Snapdragon 845, but it is much faster than older ARM processors and than older Atom processors. While I agree that Dave Cutler was a very good OS engineer, it absolutely ridiculous to compare the work of an experienced OS engineer who already learned a lot by designing other operating systems and who also was free to design a new incompatible OS, with the work of an inexperienced senior student, whose purpose was just to reimplement the UNIX API's. Even if the Linux kernel has evolved internally a lot since then, it has remained constrained by the userland POSIX interfaces, some of which are obsolete. You cannot predict whether Linus, at his current age and experience (which only now are similar with those of Dave Cutler when designing Windows NT), would do a better or a worse OS than Dave Cutler, if he would be free to abandon everything else and to design a new incompatible OS, without legacy baggage. Even if it had a nice clean design, I do not remember anything really revolutionary in the initial Windows NT, at least in the features exposed to the users. Almost everything had a correspondence either in UNIX or in OS/2, but because NT could afford to be incompatible, most NT interfaces had various nice improvements, especially in asynchronous IO, event handling and security. Also because they were designed together instead of being accreted over a long time, the NT interfaces and types were much more consistent in the beginning, compared to UNIX. After other 25 years, Windows has accumulated again countless API additions and replacements, so the initial consistency is long gone. LibreSSL was not among the 9 libraries tested. Nevertheless, it is likely that LibreSSL has not replaced yet this part of complex code inherited from OpenSSL. In that case, LibreSSL would also be vulnerable. While it is true that 2 real numbers can determine both a complex number and a point in plane and it is also true that 1 real number can determine both a real number and a point in a straight line, these are different mathematical things. The correct view is that the real numbers, also known as scalars, are quotients of 1-dimensional vectors, while the complex numbers are quotients of 2-dimensional vectors. This means that given two 1-dimensional vectors, the second being non-null, there is always a real number by which you can multiply the second vector to obtain the first vector. The same for two 2-dimensional vectors and a complex number. In this case the magnitude of the complex number changes the magnitude of the vector, while the phase rotates the vector. When you understand this fact about complex numbers, than it becomes obvious that the imaginary unit is not imaginary but just a rotation with a right angle and it is trivial that its square, i.e. a rotation with 180 degrees is equivalent with a multiplication by -1. The point are a third, different kind of mathematical entities, distinct from both real & complex numbers and from vectors. In fact points (i.e. members of 1-dimensional, 2-dimensional and so on affine spaces) are the primitive objects. From points you can define the vectors as differences of points (i,e, translations). Then from vectors you can define real numbers, complex numbers, quaternions and higher-dimensional matrices as quotients of vectors. (Such definitions define e.g. a 2-dimensional vector as a class of equivalence of pairs of points in plane that are transformed into each other by a translation, and a complex number as a class of equivalence of pairs of 2-dimensional vectors which are transformed into each other by a proportional change in magnitude and a rotation with a fixed angle.) Obviously, my explanation here is very simplified, but it is useful to be aware that e.g. a point in plane, a 2-dimensional vector and a complex number are 3 very different kinds of mathematical objects, even if all 3 are determined by a pair of real numbers. They are very different because the set of operations that can be applied to each is different. For example only the complex numbers are members of a field. You can add 2-dimensional vectors (i.e. compose 2 translations), but you cannot add 2 points from a plane. Sorry, there were a couple of typos in the reply above. I want just to clarify more the last 2 sentences for those less familiar with mathematical jargon. The reference the the field of the complex numbers means that you can multiply 2 complex numbers, i.e. compose 2 geometric transformations consisting of scaling + rotation. You cannot multiply neither two 2-dimensional vectors nor two points. In conclusion, in a programming language one should have different data types for points, vectors and complex numbers, because each type allows different operations and attempting to pass them as arguments to an inappropriate function should be an error. Exactly as I have written above, a 1D vector is the difference between 2 points on a straight line. In most mathematical handbooks it is now traditional to define first the real numbers deriving them from integer numbers, via rational numbers, without any geometric interpretations, then to define the straight line and the mapping between the real numbers and the straight line. Then usually the vectors are derived from tuples of real numbers. I believe that this methodology is very wrong because it occults the real meaning and usefulness of vectors, real numbers, complex numbers and of many other important mathematical entities. This sequence of the derivations of the main mathematical objects leads to many confusions and mistakes and it also does not correspond with the historical development of mathematics, where the real numbers, that is the "measures", as they were initially called, were indeed obtained since the earliest times as quotients of differences between points, i.e. as quotients of vectors (e.g. the quotient between a measured length and a standard length, e.g. a foot), and not as some limits of rational sequences. It is perfectly possible and much clearer in my opinion, to start from axioms of the affine spaces (i.e. the spaces of points) and to derive the real numbers (and everything else in geometry) from that. The result that the real numbers correspond to limits of rational sequences is very important in practice, but it is not the motivation for the introduction of real numbers. Why would you believe a priori that the limits of rational number sequences are of any interest for you? The points are interesting, because they model your environment. Then the vectors and then the real numbers, complex numbers, matrices etc. become interesting to be able to model the geometric transformations of the points. They did not have coinage, but they already had prices and also professional musicians (besides other non-producing professionals which appeared there for the first time, i.e. judges, medical doctors, accountants and prostitutes) (obviously, chiefs and priests existed much time before written history). Initially the prices were expressed as weights of precious metals. The coins, which allowed simpler payments, without the use of weighing scales, appeared thousands of years later after the prices, probably in Lydia in the first millennium BC. I have used PayPal for a few years, mainly because paying with it was more convenient than using directly my credit card, even if the PayPal exchange rates were disadvantageous. For a few years, PayPal worked fine and I was a satisfied customer. Than it had some kind of breach of security. The credit card known to PayPal was charged with a large number of small fraudulent transactions. I did not loose any money, because within hours my bank alerted me about unusual activity and I blocked the card and refused the transactions. Then I got a new credit card. Soon after making another payment through PayPal, similar fraudulent charges appeared again. After obtaining and then cancelling 3 or 4 new credit cards, the causal relationship between making a payment through PayPal and a third party receiving my credit card details became obvious. I have stopped making payments through PayPal and I have never had any credit card fraud problems again. I have no idea about how my PayPal account was accessed by whoever was behind this. The only thing that I am certain about, is that it was not possible to guess my PayPal password, which was a long string of random characters and which had never been used for anything else except for logging into that PayPal account. Therefore I believe that it was some sort of inside job within PayPal. Because I have never used again PayPal during the last 3 years, I do not know if there was any improvement in their security procedures. The only good file transfer solution has always been to use rsync over ssh instead of scp or sftp. I have stopped using scp and sftp many years ago. Besides the fact that sftp can be too slow, both scp and sftp fail to make identical copies of the transferred files because sometimes they can lose some metadata, e.g. extended attributes or high resolution time stamps. What I am normally using is: alias scp='rsync --archive --xattrs --acls --progress --rsh="ssh"' While you are right, at least rsync works correctly, i.e. it is able to make perfect copies of files, regardless of the files systems used at source and at destination, while scp and sftp have always lost information (file metadata) in certain cases. Any file copying program which is unable to make identical copies is garbage in my opinion. The Linux tmpfs file system is another bad example. Like scp, which can silently lose information, copying a file to a tmpfs directory, then again to a decent file system can lose file metadata. Generating automatically the dependencies is trivial with gcc and GNU make, if you just take care to group adequately in directories and subdirectories. I.e. you just have to put all the source files from which you generate object files that will go in the same libray in a set of directories which does not contain files that will not go there. Similarly, all the source files for the object files required for an executable, except those that are in libraries, should be in a set of directories. The sets of directories need not be disjoint, just a given set must not contain files that must be excluded for linking a certain target, as that will make the building process more complex. Given this constraints, it is possible to write a universal GNU makefile usable for any project, which will generate automatically all dependencies. For any executable or library you want to build, it is enough to write an extremely small makefile, containing 4 lists (of defined symbols, of source files, of directories with header files and of libraries) and the name of the generated file and its type (excutable, shared library, static library). At the end you need to include a makefile that is good for any project targetting a certain CPU + operating system combination. The makefiles per CPU/OS must define a few things, e.g. the compiler used and other utilities, option flags for all, locations of the tools and so on, then you include a unique makefile for all architectures and operating systems. I have started using this method more than twenty years ago and I have never ever needed to write manually any dependency information. Whenever I see the huge and intricate and impossible to maintain makefiles that are too frequently encountered in many software projects, I wonder how one is willing to waste so much time with a non-essential part of the project. From my point of view, building easily any large software project is a problem solved a long time ago by gcc & GNU make, but for reasons that I cannot understand most people choose to not do it in the right way. Of course having to use in 2019 a programming language which does not implement modules by any better method than including header files is something even more difficult to understand, but I still must use C/C++ in my work, as there is no alternative for most embedded computers. Sorry, there are several typos in my message above. For most of them it is obvious which was the correct intended word. However, one typo can lead to a confusion because an entire word is missing. In the 4 lists that must be written in the makefile, the most important list, as the other lists can be omitted, is the list of directories with source files (not a list of source files). For simple projects the list will be reduced to a single source directory. Whenever you add, delete or rename source files, there is no need to edit the makefile of the project. All changes can be taken automatically into account by GNU make, which can be instructed to scan the source directories for source files for all the programming languages that you use. " There are many situations where someone does not “want” to testify, but it is necessary to better understand the truth." In my opinion, such a belief is extremely dangerous for a society, even if I suppose that it is shared by most US citizens, who grew up believing that they live in a "free" country, where they should trust justice. Many years ago, USA advertised itself to the world as a champion of "human rights". In my opinion, the most important "human right" is to be free to refuse to answer to any question, in any context, including during a testimony. I do not know if there exists at least a country where this right is recognized, but this just prove how abusive are most state constitutions and laws. Unlike most of you, I know very well the importance of this right, because I was born and raised in a country which was governed by a gang of thieves and murderers, who were installed in power by the Russian invaders. Where the thieves make the laws and where the main purpose of the "law enforcement" is to prevent any attempt of resistance against the government and their servants, who share the spoils, do you believe that it is right if anyone who refuses to testify can be severely punished ? About testimony being required in a "democratic society", unfortunately nothing guarantees that a society that is democratic now will remain democratic tomorrow. After 1990, it seemed that democracy will improve in most of the world, but it did not happen so. While im many formerly communist countries there were modest improvements, during the last 30 years the western countries and especially USA have become each year more and more like the communist countries from before 1990. This has happened not only in the many new abusive laws and in the more and more incompetent governments, but also in the economy, where every year brings more major merges & acquisitions, increasing the power of monopolies. There was a single important difference between the "socialist" economies and the "capitalist" economies. In the socialist economies there were only monopolies. Everyone can see the results. Even if Russian soldiers have also fought the Nazis, those who fought in Estonia and in all the other countries which were unlucky to be neighbors of Russia, were just invaders, who during the war were notorious for stealing from civilians everything they could and for raping, and the result of their successful fight was the occupation of those countries, which allowed the Russians to steal huge amounts of valuable products from all their neighbors, while killing and torturing all possible opponents from the local populations. The Western countries were able to free themselves from the Nazis only with the help of Russia, but they paid the Russians with only little of their own money but mostly with what was not theirs to give away, i.e. with what belonged to the Eastern European countries. What I affirm hear is not from hearsay, but from personal experience, because in 1940, i.e. before Russia being attacked by anyone, so before having the right to claim that they are defending themselves against Nazis, the Russian invaders murdered both my great grandfathers, the reasons being that one was a teacher at the village school and the other had a minor job in the village administration, and everybody who distinguished themselves somehow from the masses were deported to labor camps in Siberia, to make sure that nobody was left there who could lead some form of oppositions. A few younger and stronger people have survived the Russian labor camps, but my great grandfathers were old, so one was shot before reaching the labor camp, because he was walking too slowly and the other died after a couple of months because of the cold, lack of food and hard labor. Taking such events into account, it is obvious that the Russian soldiers are not loved in the neighbor countries of Russia. Very good summary of the post-war history. I completely agree that the high point of liberal democracy was the decade between the fall of the Berlin Wall and the fall of the World Trade Center. Since then, every year the Western democracies resemble more and more with the socialist countries they were criticizing so much 30 years ago, both in their economies dominated by monopolies and in the surveillance of their citizens and in the restrictions of the citizens' rights. In most kinds of logic circuit families, a XOR is slightly slower and more expensive than a NAND or a NOR, but it has about the same cost as an AND or an OR, so it does not seem appropriate to call it slow and expensive. Even if in theory you can make any logic gate from a combination of NAND or NOR gates, the XOR gate is almost never done so. In most logic circuit families, including in the most popular families, i.e. TTL and CMOS, there are special circuits for implementing XOR, which are better than a NAND or NOR combination. Also, in most logic circuit families, including in the most popular families, i.e. TTL and CMOS, even if you can implement NAND with NOR and NOR with NAND, this is not done so, but there are distinct circuits for NAND and NOR. In conclusion, in most logic circuit families you do not implement everything with a single kind of universal gate, but you have 3 kinds of basic blocks, NAND, NOR and XOR. In certain logic families you have extra basic blocks, which can be implemented in a better way than the equivalent schematic made of universal gates. Moreover, even if TTL circuits are usually presented as being composed of NAND gates, it is more useful to view the NAND TTL or DTL gate as an AND gate (a minimum-computing circuit made with diodes) followed by an inverter made with a transistor (which can be expanded to a NOR gate by adding parallel transistors). So the real basic blocks of TTL circuits are AND, NOR and XOR (the NOR being not the same as the NOR from the NAND+NOR+XOR description, but a sub-circuit of that), but these simpler AND and NOR blocks cannot be used by themselves, because the AND does not have TTL output levels and the NOR does not have TTL input levels, so you always must have an AND (possibly reduced to a repeater) followed by a NOR (possibly reduced to an inverter), to make a complete TTL gate. My point is that while it is useful to know that any gate can be implemented using only a single kind of universal gate, such implementations are not efficient and you must use a small number of basic blocks, not only one. On the other hand, when you want to understand the theory of logic gates, basing them on one kind of universal gate is also no useful. You can better understand logic operations when you see them as based on minimum (or the equivalent maximum) and on inversion (for values between 0 and 1 inversion is 1-x, for values between -1 and 1 inversion is -x). These 2 operations are also valid when applied to non-binary logic values. The physical implementation of these 2 operations can actually work with real-valued inputs and outputs. An alternative view for the binary logic case is that mentioned by someone above, of having addition & multiplication modulo 2 as the basic operations. Either the minimum/inversion view or the addition/multiplication view give much more insight than reasoning about NAND or NOR, which just combine the 2 basic operations in such a way that a cascade of the combinations can recover each of the basic operations, so they provide an alternative. See my answer above. Even if a single universal gate is enough if you disregard speed and cost (area and power consumption) when you implement physical logic circuits speed and cost are essential so you cannot use a single type of universal gate but you must use a small number of basic gates, because each of them has a better implementation from diodes and transistors than an implementation made as a cascade of a single type of universal gates. Also, I forgot to mention in my first answer above that it is false that "XOR and AND is not a minimal construction". The following 4 sets of logic operations (and many others) are minimal: 1. AND, NOT 2. AND, XOR 3. NAND 4. NOR So AND + XOR is a minimal set, because you can make NOT from a XOR where one input is true. The question about a minimal set of primitives arises in many domains, not only in Boolean functions, for example in structured programming or in a minimal computer instruction set. In all such domains it is possible to find a set composed of only one primitive and some people think that that is the minimal set because it has a minimum number of primitives. Nevertheless, other people do not agree that the minimum number of primitives is the correct goal for minimal complexity. In all such cases the single primitive is more complex than the primitives belonging to an equivalent set of primitives with more members and it is equivalent to a composition of all the simpler primitives, done in such a way that it is possible to obtain any of the simpler primitives by composing the single primitive with itself. In my opinion, it is nice to know this nice trick about reducing a set of independent primitives to only one, but this almost never has any practical application. When reasoning about that domain, using the single primitive does not make it any easier, because it glues together independent concepts which are easier to handle separate and not in a forced combination. For example, when thinking about Boolean function, it is easier to think about AND-OR stages instead of NAND-NAND, or about OR-AND stages instead of NOR-NOR. So the knowledge about being able to use just NAND does not help you. If we are talking about implementation, there also the single primitive does not help you, because you must actually implement it from more simpler primitives. For example the main blocks for TTL logic are minimum circuits with diodes (AND), parallel transistors (OR) and transistor inverters (NOT), while the main blocks for CMOS logic are parallel transistors, series transistors, transistor inverters and transmission gates. You do not design just a NAND and then make the other cells from it, but you must design at least a NAND, a NOR, a XOR and a multiplexer, then make other functions from these blocks. Knowing that you might use just a NAND does not help you, because any implementation that uses only NAND is less efficient than those based on multiple simpler primitives. An example from another domain, you can use just a WHILE-DO to implement both an IF-THEN and a REPEAT-UNTIL, so you can claim that it is enough to have that primitive. Nevertheless, if you look at the implementation, both IF-THEN and REPEAT-UNTIL are made with a single conditional jump. On the other hand, you must use 2 conditional jumps for a WHILE-DO, there is now way to implement it otherwise than as a composition of IF-THEN with REPEAT-UNTIL. If you implement the simpler primitives with WHILE-DO, you obtain a more inefficient implementation. In conclusion, while it is interesting to know that you can reduce most or all sets of primitives to only one complex primitive, both in theory and in practice the sets of multiple simple primitives are more useful. I see a lot of claims about "forced tech transfers" to Chinese companies. This is a completely ridiculous complaint because none of those transfers were forced. All of them were approved by American, European, Japanese and so on CEOs, not because anyone forced them but because they desired to gain themselves a lot of money, maybe also because their companies gained a lot of money in the short term, even if the deal was bad in the long term for their companies or for their countries. Why do you see anything wrong in the fact that the Chinese were smart enough to negotiate good deals with their Western partners ? You should blame the American etc. CEOs, because they were stupid and greedy, not the Chinese. I had a former colleague that more than 10 years ago was detached by his company for several months at Huawei, teaching them how to manufacture mobile phones. Already at the time I believed that it was a stupid technology transfer, and obviously, after a few years that Western company had to exit the mobile phone market, because, unlike Huawei, it was no longer competitive. But again, none of those technology transfers was forced in any way. I have no doubt that the Chinese conpanies, like many companies from USA or other countries, have also stolen some IP, when there was any opportunity. Nevertheless, having experience in mobile phone design, I am certain that whatever they have stolen was much less than what they have just bought from willing partners. Moreover, it is obvious that during the last years they have improved a lot above whatever they have bought or stolen and now it is they who should fear that the Americans might want to steal their IP. Supposing that the claims about IP theft are true, then the Americans should have presented some proof and they should have applied sanctions many years ago, because if there was any IP theft there was much more of it 10 years ago then now. As it is now the USA sanctions look like commercial fraud, i.e. you have US companies that first lure you to buy products from them, claiming that they are better than alternatives, so you invest a lot of money in developing products that include US components, then, from one day to the other those US companies refuse to sell you their components causing you huge damages, as you might need a year or more to redesign everything to avoid US components. This is a lesson for any electronics designer from any other country except USA, that from now on in any new project they should avoid components made in USA like the plague. "only recently released processors that met the requirements for the other haswell" This is false. Zen was introduced in Q1 2017, before that patch was written and it already implemented all the useful parts of the Skylake instruction set (and also the SHA extension not implemented by Skylake). The fact that the CPU vendor should not be used when testing for CPU features was already discussed a lot, many years ago, so someone of the library maintainers should have noticed this bug and removed the inappropriate test. About AMD not supporting yet AVX-512, that is far less annoying than the fact that Intel does not support AVX-512 yet in any of their CPUs which are actually competitive in their target market (Ice Lake is worse than Comet Lake, Cascade Lake is worse than Epyc 2). No,already the first Zen in 2017 supported perfectly AVX2. It just had half of the throughput of Haswell/Broadwell/Skylake. Nevertetheless, using 256-bit AVX instructions was still slightly faster in most cases than using 128-bit AVX or SSE, because less instructions had to be fetched and decoded. When Zen was first released in 2017, using -march=haswell in gcc produced faster programs than using -march=znver1 or -march=bdverX. Using AVX2 + FMA and all the other instructions introduced by Haswell & Broadwell was always the right thing to do when compiling for AMD Zen. Nothing has changed with Zen 2, except that the throughput of the AVX programs that are not limited by the memory throughput has doubled now. Skylake (i.e. Skylake, Kaby Lake and so on up to Comet Lake) does not support any AVX-512 instructions. Only Knights Landing, Knights Mill, Skylake Server, Cascade Lake, Cannon Lake and Ice Lake support AVX-512. What is called "Skylake Server" in the Intel documents, includes products sold under various names, i.e. Xeon Scalable, Xeon W, Xeon D-2xxx and Skylake-X (HEDT). I assume that you were thinking about Skylake X, but those processors are a very small fraction of a percent in comparison with all the processors using the Skylake microarchitecture, which were sold since 2015 until now, so one should never use "Skylake" to speak about "Skylake Server" a.k.a. "Skylake X", because this is very misleading. "The elements in the same column and rows share some properties" While this is what most are taught, in my opinion this is not the best way to understand it and this can actually lead to mistakes. The chemical properties of the elements are mostly determined by 3 characteristics: valence, electronegativity and size. Valence and electronegativity are usually similar for elements in the same column and size is usually similar for elements in the same row. This is the cause for the similarities in columns and rows. However, while the electronegativity and the size have quasi-periodic variations with the atomic number, there are various reasons that shift their similar values in adjacent rows, so that there are many cases when there are much more similarities between elements in different columns than between those in the same column. Usually for the heavy elements grouping them by column is much more useful than for the light elements, which can be more similar to elements in the same row or to elements in a diagonal position. For example, due to their closer electronegativity and size, carbon and sulfur resemble much more to each other than to silicon or oxygen. As another of the many examples, in the first row of the transition metals the maximum density and the change from hexagonal to cubic structure is located at cobalt-nickel, but in the next 2 rows it is shifted to ruthenium-rhodium and osmium-iridium. There is a huge number of such examples, so that anyone who wants to understand the similarities between chemical elements must not use directly the column and row numbers but must know how the electronegativity, the atomic size and the valence vary within the periodic table. I have been using in my home for several years a Quantum external LTO-7 drive, which is connected via a Serial-Atached-SCSI cable, so I also have a SAS HBA card in a computer. I am living in the European Union and I have bought the required hardware from an on-line shop from Germany, where it was cheaper. Now you can also buy it easily e.g. from Amazon. The cost was around 3000 EUR. The tape cost is about 10 EUR per terabyte. Previously I was using HDDs for archiving. I have not followed closely the evolution of the HDD price, but looking now on Amazon I see about 30 EUR per terabyte. I have a data archive of about 120 TB, but I am paranoid because of past data losses due to defective HDDs/CDs, so I store 3 copies of each tape (in different places). That means that by using tape instead of HDDs, I have already saved 20 * 360 - 3000 = 4200 EUR. Someone who would store just 2 copies of each tape (the minimum rational value), would need to have a data archive of at least 75 TB to recover the initial cost. Nevertheless saving money is not everything, you also gain peace-of-mind because the chances of the tape becoming defective just from storing are negligible compared to a HDD, which if not used for a very long time might never start spinning again. With tapes you must transfer the data only when you can no longer buy drives that would read them. With HDDs you should better replace them before their warranty expires, as I have seen too many that died immediately after that. The tapes work OK both in Linux and in FreeBSD, but the FreeBSD utilities are more convenient, so I have connected the tape drive to a FreeBSD server and I transfer the data to be archived through 10 Gb/s Ethernet, which is faster than the 6 Gb/s SAS, so it is not a bottleneck. The writing speed of LTO-7 is 3 Gb/s, so that is the bottleneck anyway, not the interfaces. That speed is much faster than of any HDD of up to 8 TB that I have ever used, but I have not checked the latest HDD models to see if they have improved their speed to levels comparable to tapes. Using tape is very simple and retrieving any file (I have a tape index on my SSDs) takes at most 3 minutes, including the time to manually start the drive and inserting a tape in the drive. The maximum seek time is about 2 minutes. When I had a HDD archive, there was still the same time for manually selecting a HDD and inserting it in the HDD rack. For retrieving very large files, the tape can even be faster, due to the faster sequential speed. The conclusion is that if you have data of at least several tens of terabytes and/or if you value that data enough to want to avoid any chance of losing it, than magnetic tape remains the best solution for now. Tape (LTO-7) costs 3 times less than the cheapest HDDs, so the prices are not comparable at all. To recover the drive + SAS HBA card costs, the movie collection must be larger than about 75 TB if you store double copies or larger than about 50 TB if you store triple copies. If you store a single copy of any digital medium, the chances to not lose anything after many years are negligible. I forgot to mention that I referred to the prices for non-compressed tape storage, i.e. counting LTO-7 tapes as 6 TB tapes. Compression does not work for movies and even for compressible data I disable the tape compression and I use better compression algorithms on the computer. The most common tape is LTO-7, which is 6 TB (non-compressed). The most common Blu-ray disks store 50 GB, so a tape equals 120 discs, not 50. I have mentioned in another message that the breaking point is around 75 TB or around 50 TB, depending on how many copies you store, i.e. around 1000 to 1500 Blu-ray movies. I agree that many people, probably most people, do not need to store so much data to make tape storage economical, but for those who have a large enough data archive, like myself, the tape is really radically cheaper to have changed my life. Obviously, there is a vicious circle, few people buy tape drives because they are too expensive, so that tape drives are expensive because few of them are sold. If they would have been mass produced, tape drives should have been 5 to 10 times cheaper, and then tape archives would have made sense even for the smallest movie collections. My LTO-7 drive needs about 2 minutes from one end of the tape to the other, so that is the maximum latency when the tape is already loaded. Adding another minute to manually find and load a tape, would reach a 3 minute latency. So a few minutes of latency in the worst case, yes, but certainly not hours of latency, unless you must drive a car to an off-site location, but that would be the same for a HDD or optical disc stored in another place. Tapes are slow only at the latency of random access. Their sequential transfer speed is lower than that of good SSDs, but higher than that of HDDs. No, the LTO-7 transfer speed is 3 Gb/s a.k.a. 300 MB/s without compression. The compression in drive may be useful for automated backups, but if you use the tape for an archive of files selected by yourself, it is better to disable the drive compression. If you have compressible files, you can compress them with better algorithms on the computer, before storing them on the tape. I have been using since 2016 the following setup: 1. QUANTUM LTO-7 Tape Drive, Half Height, Tabletop 2. Delock Cable Mini SAS HD SFF-8644 > Mini SAS SFF-8088 1 m 3. LSI LSI00343 SAS 9300-8E Host Bus Adapter (8-Port, PCI-e 3.0 8x, SAS 3.0) Also, there is a couple of useful tape accessories: 4. Cleaning Cartridge (I use one from Quantum) 5. Cases for storing LTO Ultrium cartridges (I use some from Turtle Case, for 20 cartridges each) I forgot to mention that the files that are written to tape should come from an SSD, because an HDD is not fast enough. The files can come from an SSD of a remote computer, if you use 10 Gb/s Ethernet, as that is fast enough. That is a problem of the backup software, not of the tapes. I have a custom program that generates an index with all the files on all my tapes and which updates the index after any tape write. I can determine in a second the location of any file, so I know immediately which tape cartridge must be loaded to retrieve anything. The file index is actually a relational database table with a lot of metadata about the files, including: position in the tape collection as tape number + file number, name, path name, modification time, length, content hash (to identify duplicates) and a set of keywords and tags, to be able to search for a file even when the name is not known, or to be able to retrieve sets of files. The files written on the tape are grouped in compressed archive files, but the database with metadata is about the files inside of those archive files. Obviously, the file index itself is also backed up regularly. The post above was about the latency of random access to a file, not about the duration of a restoring operation. The tapes have the fastest sequential transfer speed of any alternative, so the restoring duration should be better than from anything else, if the restoring software plans correctly the sequence of retrievals. It is true that if the backup software is not clever, you could waste a lot of time to determine what you must restore and where is it. However, this has nothing to do with the tapes, the same can happen with backup on HDDs if the backup software is equally bad. I am not sure what you mean by having lots of more tapes than reader, as that is the point of tape storage and the cause of it low cost per terabyte. The only way that I could understand that phrase as a disadvantage for tapes is that when you would need to read as fast as possible e.g. 300 TB with one reader, that would need 10 days, but if the 300 TB were stored on 25 HDDs and you would also have 25 spare computers and some technicians that could open the computers and connect the HDDs inside them and you would also have an 100 Gb/s Ethernet network from those computers to the destination of those 300 TB, then yes, you could read the 300 TB 12 times faster that with a single tape reader. However, such circumstances seem too unbelievable. For such a huge organization it would be more realistic to buy immediately e.g. 3 more readers to reduce the reading time from 10 days to 2.5 days. On the other hand, if the 25 HDDs would have been located from the beginning inside a backup system, then that system would have had a price with at least 5 digits, far higher than the cost of a tape backup system, and unless it would have been connected by 100 Gb/s or at least 25 Gb/s Ethernet, its speed could not have been much higher than that of a single tape drive. Restoring the index database from a tape would be needed only if the SSD where my database is normally located would become defective, which should be a very seldom event, especially if it is replicated on a few SSDs. In my custom program & file database, I only use physical tape names, i.e. the names that I write on the labels of the cartridges. Either the program tells me what cartridge to load in the drive, or I inform it what cartridge I have loaded (e.g. for a new cartridge). I see no reason for a logical name. If I would ever copy a tape on another and I would discard the original tape, it would be trivial to substitute the name in the database. Maybe for a large enterprise maintaining a comprehensive file database could be time consuming even in the best implementation, but I doubt it. In my experience, keeping an up-to-date file database for about 120 TB of content that increases by about 10 to 20 GB per day still takes a negligible time. While I have worked in a few large companies where a lot of data existed, in all small- and medium-sized companies (less than 100 computers) that I have seen there was less backup data than that (not counting things like standard disk images with the OS and with SW, which do not belong in periodic backups and which where shared, being identical for various classes of employees). Any non-volatile memory is characterized by a "retention time" after which it may loose the information stored in it. The retention time depends on the storage conditions, especially on temperature & humidity. For ancient flash memories, with large cells and 1 bit per cell, the retention time can be of 10 years or even 20 years. After that the capacitor will discharge, because the insulation is not perfect. For modern flash memories, with much smaller cells and wit 3 or even 4 bits per cell, the electrical charge variation that will lead to wrong bits is much less, so the retention time can vary from a few years for a new SSD stored at low temperature to a few months for a used SSD stored at a higher temperature. At a high enough temperature (not impossible to reach, e.g. when forgotten in sun light), the retention time can be reduced to days. When a SSD is used, i.e. it is powered, the microcontroller inside it rewrites its cells from time to time to avoid losing data. If you store it without using it, after the guaranteed retention time you may lose data. Consumer SSDs and memory sticks are guaranteed for a retention time of 1 year, so you should not expect more than that. Normal HDDs are at least 3 times the price of tapes. To reach only double price of tapes you must choose some super-ancient junk, e.g. 1 TB 3.5" HDDs, which are much slower than tapes and which require a huge size and weight for the same capacity as tapes. 12 TB HDDs have about the same volume as LTO-7 tapes (i.e. about the same volume as two 6 TB tapes), but they are much heavier. LTO-8 tapes have double capacity compared to LTO-7. > but tapes are smaller than disks Tapes are also physically smaller, therfore their capacity per volume is better than for HDDs. Two LTO Ultrium catridges have about the same volume as a 3.5" HDDs, so you have 24 TB in the same space as a 14 TB HDD. Moreover, the HDDs are much heavier. You can easily carry a suitcase with 20 tape cartridges, i.e. with 240 TB. If you would carry a suitcase with 17 HDDs (238 TB), that would be around 14 kg (around 31 lbs). Possible but not at all comfortable. 110 USD is extremely expensive. In Europe, at Amazon, the price is 60 EUR, including sale taxes, for a 6 TB tape from IBM, Quantum, HP or Fuji. Looking at Amazon USA (just search LTO-7), I see prices between USD 63 and USD 69, or even just $60 per cartridge if you buy a 10-pack. That is still more expensive than where I buy, but it is nevertheless far closer to 3 times less than HDDs than to 2 times less than HDDs. As Dylan16807 also said, you waste very little. I am using 6 TB LTO-7 tapes and I group the data written to the tapes in files of approximately 50 GB, which are read from a NVMe SSD. This means that each 50 GB file is written at 3 Gb/s, the maximum tape speed, but after each 50 GB the tape is stopped then restarted. So I write on each tape about 120 files with an aggregate size of up to 45 905 860 blocks of 131 072 bytes each. That is more than the 6.0 TB advertised for the tapes, so I do not waste any measurable tape capacity. The 50 GB file size is chosen because it fits inside the 64 GB RAM of the computer with the tape drive and certain algorithms that I am using to process the tape files (lrzip & par2, for compression & redundancy) are faster when the entire file fits in the RAM. For example on a computer you can use algorithms like lrzip, which search for very long distance redundancies (i.e. not in small data windows like traditional algorithms). This usually achieves a decent compression even on normally incompressible files, e.g. on collections of movies or on collections of PDF files, because it may find repetitions at least e.g. in the headers of the files or of the file sections. If there are similar files, then there are chances that lrzip will find repetitions between files, even if a traditional compression would not find repetitions inside a single file. If de-duplication is possible, then that would also be much more efficient than enabling the compression option of the tape drive.