Isn't #3 what your network is for? Wow, that was sobering. First program was a basic spaceship animation in the 80s. Whoa. Great post. Makes me want to bring these concepts to my CEOand work out our core and cultural competencies. Or, you could use a catch all email address to give every site their own unique email: sitename@yourdomain.com. More outlined here: http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/219 Then you know who is selling/losing your email address. And pipe those particular addresses to /dev/null Yup, I have had that happen more than once with my company address ( that is hosted with google apps). 17 bucks a month is expensive? I find olark to be inexpensive and effective. No I am not an employee, just a happy customer. Yes, I believe this is pretty much standard practice. Keeps Google from getting confused by duplicate content and sends all the juice from links to one url rather than two. I've found that joining clubs (either informal, like the climbing club I was a member of) or formal (like the Odd Fellows or Masons or Kiwanis) is a great way to meet friends. You still have to deal with the time issues, but at least you don't have tensions of work--and as a plus you get to meet people with different types of employment and age. However, the main issue is that when you are in college and your early 20s, you tend have gobs of time to make friends--once you hit a certain age (or marital status or child status) other activities come first. Might as well celebrate the closeness with your family or your work achievements as kvetch about the difficulty of making friends. I'm in my mid 30s. Yeah, and that's cross browser and available today, in contrast to some of the other CSS mentioned. Short term health insurance doesn't offer much protection, and most accelerators are aimed at a short term commitment. However, I'd think it would be great if an accelerator would act as an umbrella organization, letting startups buy cheaper health insurance while small, through aggregation, even after the initial accelerator commitment is done. Good reasons not to use it: * you are only interested in developing for one platform--ios. * you have obj c and any other language talent in house, but don't have c# talent * you need to use tons of custom native libraries that the framework doesn't have bindings for * you want to avoid vendor lockin So much of this depends on context, some of which you provided. What is your comfort level with these technologies? What would your effective rate be for each of the scenarios? Are there components or databases (sql server) that make particular tech choices more sensible? How much time to tear down and start anew? What pressures or deadlines are you facing from the business? I don't see anything in your explanation that would push my opinion one way or another, which means that you should probably take the long term view and do the rewrite. Here's a post about basics of job descriptions, but it also has some tips for a/b testing your hiring posts: http://katemats.com/benefits-job-description-prove-wrong/ Resumes are for chumps. Don't do it, spend the time getting to know the company you want to work for, or people you'd like to work with. Frankly, I don't want to compete on the basis of my resume! Keywords and biz speak are hard to avoid on these documents. And now that everyone can spray their resume at hiring managers without licking a stamp, sending in a resume really is a waste of time. It almost always has been that way, read 'What Color is Your Parachute' for a taste of job hunting over the past few decades. Get to know someone at the company, do a contract to hire, do a gig, volunteer with someone, even read and comment on a blog or twitter feed of someone in the company. All these are far more likely to lead to conversations that will let you know if you actually want to work there, and if you'll be a good fit. Can I ask what you use it for? Regression testing? A web directory? Here's a post about what data sources Apple is using: http://mobile.theverge.com/2012/6/11/3078987/apple-tomtom-op... I did the same thing, but it was a ticket to Australia and a work visa. One benefit of taking this kind of time off is that it lets you know what you truly love. After a few months of kicking around, reading books in parks, seeing sites and meeting some cool folks, I found myself reading web tech articles. That was an eye opener to me--"hey, I really like this career path!" I found it interesting that he barely touched what I feel is the most important part of freelancing: marketing. Yes, right now you can name your price if you are a good developer, but how do you show that, and how do you evaluate projects? (I know he touched on what kind of clients to keep.) When I freelanced, I evaluated clients on three criteria: * had I worked with them in the past? * did I know anyone who had worked with them in the past? * everyone else If I trusted them or people who had worked with them, it made the engagement easier all around (though you still need a contract!). As far as finding new clients, I relied on word of mouth, which probably didn't lead to as many opportunities as would have occurred if I was more active in various communities, but I was ok with that at the time. Also, I wonder what the author moved on to? Your story proves that sometimes you have to find a bigger crowd and/or a different approach, not that crowd sourcing sucks. Either way, nice work! Hmmm. Interesting post. I might say that the closer community members are, the more the reward or incentive is getting to know the other members rather than fame or money. After all, that is the reward for interacting with offline communities based on close ties like family. Well, except for interactions with that rich uncle /sarcasm. Or, an equivalent statement, if the love you have for the folks is strong enough to survive through the crises. It's easy to love folks when everything is going swimmingly. (BTW, I have no idea what crises, if any, the author and their company have gone through. Maybe that'd be a good post for them?) Go to a meetup in your area. Go to a bunch, in fact. Some focusing on an industry you'd like to freelance for, some focusing on a technology you are familiar with. Talk to people at said meetups. When you find someone looking for what you are offering, do a small project with them. That lowers risk for you and for them. Make sure you have a written contract and set of requirements, and that you know if you are billing hourly or per project. Wash, rinse, repeat. I'd stay away from odesk/elance because you'll be competing on price. I met one client from Craigslist, so you could check there, but I'd limit it to your area, because face to face communication is important. Especially for your first couple of contracts. Also, I'd look for a more senior freelancer to take to coffee for advice on this kind of stuff. You are correct, it is a correlation, not a causation. I think I mentioned that in the disclaimers. It is really hard to control for all the variables (price, motivation of seller, location, who the listing agent knows, what style of home is hot), but all other things being equal, it's better to have more photos for a listing. In fact, since it is one of the easiest things to control (it's a lot easier to snap 25 photos than change the price point of a house) I'd argue it is one of the things home sellers should expect. Would love to hear your suggestions on making this more rigorous. Off the top of my head, it'd be interesting to list a set of same homes twice, once with few photos and once with many photos, and see what the difference in response was. Unfortunately, that is a bit beyond my scope for the time being. Thanks for the joke! I appreciate your comments. I like the idea of option number two, because it still gets to the end goal--a sale. It'd be a bigger project than I want to take on, though. Option number three gauges interest in a scientific manner, but assumes that interest is a valid proxy for the end goal of a sale. I'm not sure how true that assumption is. I've window shopped homes that I had no intention (nor capability) of buying. My employer one had a record day because one of the homes on the site was a football player's and had gotten mentioned in an ESPN blog. In both cases, interest was only vaguely related to purchase capability. Testing all the way to the end of the funnel (home sale) is key, and difficult. This article is from 2009. Here is a TED talk by Sadoway from 2012, if you want a more recent look at the technology: http://www.ted.com/talks/donald_sadoway_the_missing_link_to_... Is open source software a complementary good or a substitute good for developer labor? I think the answer is that it tends to be a complementary good, driving demand for developer labor. Apache, mysql, ror, etc, let more of a company's software budget be paid to labor than would have happened with Netscape server, oracle or some costly 4gl language. There are times when it is a plain substitute, especially when combined with that mechanic you speak of. See http://mikecr.it/ramblings/drupals-golden-handcuffs for more on that. More on complementary and substitute goods: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/StrategyLetterV.html It is interesting that they are looking for someone who can complete an entire product cycle. Maybe looking for flexibility, if they are a consulting shop? Or seniority--someone who can do all that has been around the block? Or maybe they are such a small shop they can't afford specialists? I have been in this full lifecycle role almost my entire career, often as a consultant, and it has benefits and downsides. You are always learning something new and have a wide view of the software world, as well as the ability to really dig into new toes of problems. But sometimes you feel a mile wide and an inch deep. Good points about programmer value, but it's not clear why the author thinks they are underpaid. A reverse caller id app like NumberGuru might be a good idea too. At the end of the post, the advice is "Just pick something and see how far you can get with it." I have to disagree. I wouldn't point anyone who is non technical towards a language that is not memory managed, nor would I point them to a non mainstream language. Why point them to a language where they have to worry about memory allocation. While it is important to understand eventually, for most beginners it is a needless complication and chance to shoot yourself in the foot. Why point them to a non mainstream language whe the number of tutorials, forums and ore resources for help are plentiful with a more popular language. There is tremendous value in learning languages that are wildly different, but for starters, one with lots of support is the best option. Here's a nice post about programming language popularity: http://redmonk.com/sogrady/2012/09/12/language-rankings-9-12... . The languages I would recommend would be in the upper right corner of the graph. Finally, and most important, what did the beginner want to do? If they wanted to write an excel plugin, steering them to objective C would be a disservice, and if they wanted to build a webpage, choosing something like vb would be a bad idea as well. I agree. The data is not the best, but having some data is better than none, as long as the graph is taken with a grain of salt. Great post. I have had several family members and work colleagues get burned by partnerships, but can point to one or two successful pairings. I wondered what the deal was. You present a compelling thesis, and I look forward to finding out what they (the successful partners) think of it. It would have been a stronger article if you could have talked about methods to keep values in sync. That's an interesting point. The way to combat that is with long term relationships. For example, I work as a software developer for a real estate brokerage, and have mentioned the sell side realtor scenario you bring up. The answer is always: yes, it is in the short term interest of the realtor to take the first offer. But in the long term (as they screw more and more people) they will be hurt by this behavior. In fact, there is long term incentive (because, in the US at least, people buy and sell homes multiple times over a lifetime) to get the best deal for the seller, so that they will: * refer the realtor * use the realtor again To bring it back to recruiting, if you had a relationship with the recruiter, and they knew you were going to go back to them in 1 or 5 years when you were ready to move on to your next job, they would have a rational interest in finding you the right job (and the same interests hold true if employers have a relationship with the recruiter). This relationship, if it exists, really turns the recruiter into a headhunter. (Aside, here's my favorite headhunter/recruiting information source: http://asktheheadhunter.com/ ) I found the article interesting because he was talking about how mobile distractions could be better managed: "Now, I’d love for there to be a way for me to know about high priority interrupts – things that actually are urgent. But my iPhone doesn’t do this at all in any discernable way. There are too many different channels to reach me and they aren’t effectively conditioned – I either have to open them up to everyone (e.g. txtmsg via my phone number) or convince people to use a specific piece of software – many, such as Glassboard – which are very good, but do require intentional behavior on both sides." Again, not rocket science, but considering on the production side there are many folks jockeying for attention on your mobile device (download my app, use my app) it is interesting to hear from someone who funds some of those companies that a break is needed. I for one will be interested to follow along as he tries other methods to increase effectiveness of the immediacy of his smartphone "interrupts". I think this is a great idea, though I would have loved for the article to be more in depth and actually had some quotes from one of the 5 teams that have been greenlighted. Autonomy at work can be so very precious. I don't know what kind of programmer I am, but I do know that most of my leaps in productivity come from three sources (I am a web developer): * experience * really understanding what the client or business needs, so I don't spend my time building something that doesn't meet the needs of the user * finding a tool or library that gets 80-100% of the job done rather than me writing the code (my favorite scenario!) I believe there are many domains where the above factors are enough to make you a great developer, though perhaps not a 1000x dev. I ran into many of the same issues, and my company is based in the USA and I was able to get a DUNS number fairly easily. I contrasted this with my experience with google play here: http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/890 I don't know why Apple makes getting an account so difficult.... Perhaps to filter out fly bynight mobile app developers? I would. it is tedious and time consuming, but not necessarily a lot of effort. Just, as some of the comments imply, a lot of waiting. I can't see it hurting anything, as long as you have the time to fill out a silly form a couple of times. I have an iPad and love it, but haven't bought a single app for it. Sure I use some free apps, bit what is the single most used app? Safari, for, wait for it, browsing the web. It will be interesting to see how today's kids get into content generation with less keyboard experience and I do believe that tablets will rose over huge chunks of the internet user experience--it is just too easy to consume content using one. But the end the open web of google and web search? And the rise of the special purpose app for everything? I don't think so. Not as long as tablets ship with standards compliant browsers. As always, the answer is "it depends". What is your market? Who are your users? It is better to start with the market and problem you want to address, then find out what kind of platforms they possess (and plan to continue to possess) and build for that platform, than to start from the technology side. By "works", I think you mean "brings in more revenue than it costs" aka is profitable. But I think the author brings up a point that it may be hurting the brand unknowingly. just because you can put someone on an email campaign for years because it is super cheap, doesn't mean you are conveying your message well or building a loyal customer. And don't get me started on list sharing. My company uses Olark and loves the integration with gchat. As a developer, I like the Olark API: http://www.olark.com/documentation Hmmm... I don't think that the $50 is going to the hacker. I think that is just the fee for GetHacker to connect the project owner with a developer. See the 'get to work' bubble on the homepage: "Once a project owner decides to pick you for their project, we'll connect you both via e-mail. The GetHacker process is over, and you both can take it from there." which implies that once a match has been made, there may be further negotiation, but it won't be facilitated by GetHacker. To say nothing of running development code against a production database. If there were only two junior folks, what were the senior folks doing? What I think is fascinating is not Ang Lee's determination to last those 6 years, thought that is impressive. It is that his wife and family supported him for all those years (granted, it seems he was providing childcare). And believed in him, to the point of scolding him when he considered switching to a more immediately lucrative career. We should all be so generous to our partners. This just a corollary of the fact that has led some to propose a financial transaction tax: that the stock markets, which used to be focused on providing capital to companies, are now focused on betting faster and with more borrowed money. Hi, Here's more information about the rights of US citizens: http://www.aclu.org/drug-law-reform-immigrants-rights-racial... (I know the ACLU can be biased in their views on constitutional questions, but think the answer truthful.) In general, you don't have to answer questions about your immigration status, though, as the link notes, different "rules apply at international borders and airports, and for individuals on certain nonimmigrant visas, including tourists and business travelers." I agree that it makes sense for Amazon to charge for 3G downloads (at least, at a certain size), but it is counter productive for authors to be incented to publish crappy images. My favorite way to comment the why is to put in a URL to an external bug tracker or wiki. This means more work for the reader, but can really show the back and forth over why a decision was made. I've come across comments like this in code I wrote years ago and being able to quickly review the logic helps tremendously.