I presume they aren't interested in anything that AMD is selling right now, but rather Llano, AMDs APU (CPU and graphics on the same die) which has had test silicon going out to partners recently. If there are only 100 widget and there is a price such that there are exactly 100 people willing to pay the price for a widget, not only is it ok to charge that price but its probably the _socially optimal_ price for the widget since it will be the people who want the widget most who will get it, rather than the widget being distributed randomly. So the markup isn't something insane, but rather what the manufacturer should have been charging in the first place. The only bad part about reselling is that the manufacturer doesn't capture the extra sale price and invest it in making more widgets, so everyone can be happy. I found it really odd how much the MC scores increased relative to the Xeon in the one Linux benchmark they ran. Maybe there's something about the that Windows handles NUMA that doesn't agree with AMD's system? No, the critical difference is that as things currently stand none of the people involved in the drug trade have any reason to cooperate with the authorities. And really, once alcohol was legalized look at how quickly the mob violence around it disappeared. I seem to recall hearing that when alcohol was legalized the number of people drinking roughly doubled and the number of alcoholics went up by around 15% (there seems to be a correlation between substance abuse and willingness to break the law, surprise surprise). Whats that economics law that says something like "Once pressure is put upon an observed regularity in the markets for control purposes it tends to disappear"? When buyers only cared about the truth of a rating they had a pretty good reason to want the ratings to be as accurate as possible (counteracting the seller's incentives). But as soon as reserve requirements are dependent on how what the credit rating says suddenly both the buyer and the seller have an incentive for things to be rated as highly as possible. If I might ask, what windowing systems do you have experience with? While its true that desktop Linux has been lagging behind in a lot of areas it seems that a lot of innovation in window managers is happening there. Having multiple workspaces each with its own reasonably sized set of windows really eliminates the need for expose for me. Well, thats how it is at work where I use a default GNOME workspace. One the laptop I'm using right now I'm running a window manager called Awesome (its a silly name, I'll agree) that actually assigns one or more tags to each window and displays a set of tags to the main screen at once. Mostly I just have one tag per window and display one tag at a time and it ends up working like multiple workspaces, but sometimes I'm working on something where I want to toggle another window in and out repeatedly. Since Awesome has a tiling as well as a stacking mode, when I toggle the new window in all the other window rearrange themselves to accommodate it And using a tiling window manager makes it easy to do everything with the keyboard instead of having to use a mouse though you can use your mouse too if you really want to. Thanks to that and vimium I'm not sure I've had to touch my mouse yet today. Yeah, according to people around MIT talking on zephyr we get our water from Fresh Pond. Yeah, though people have made better user interfaces for it. The particular space between Twitter and IM that it sits in doesn't seem to have been colonized by anything better yet. EDIT: Though I'm sure there are people here who'd be happy to try :) You should be able to find the MIT opencourseware lectures for 6.004 (the introductory computer course) online somewhere. The idea, I think, isn't that this grey goo would get energy from dirt and rock and literally consume the Earth. Rather, it would use dirt and rock plus solar energy to grow and if its efficient enough out compete existing plants. The other bad possibility is that some nanite comes along that can digest typical organic matter but that can't be digested in turn. Then it proceeds to much on the biosphere while leaving the rest of the planet alone and just eat all the organic life (that hasn't hermetically sealed itself away). Either of these scenarios would, of course, be Bad Things. I'm not sure either is actually credible, but I'm not aware of any reason to declare them impossible. That's what I've been using for all my IMing for the last Month or so and I'm loving it. If only it worked as well for web browing... EDIT: Actually, how hard _would_ it be to make screen work with x-forwarding? This is unfortunately outside the area of my EEly expertise. Apparently Glen Beck mentioned it. Via Marginal Revolution, http://hayekcenter.org/?p=2719 I'm not sure about Dalvik on a chip, but ThumbEE is there in ARM A8s just for accelerating virtual machines. And I know at least two people using linux on their T510 laptops so I can tell you that that works. Actually people tend to really overestimate how important trenches were to the stalemate. Sure, it took a lot of effort to break through a trench line but both sides were perfectly capable of doing it when they could devote enough resources. The problem was that railroads meant that the mobility of the defenders was always much greater than the mobility of the attackers and telegraphs meant that the abilty of the defenders to coordinate was much greater than the ability of the attackers to coordinate. The internal combustion engine and radio changed this when WWII rolled around. There were also very many places where things could have turned out differently. For instance, if the Germans had stuck to the original Schlieffen plan and managed to outflank the allies they might very well have captured Paris right at the start. The post is from the forums attached to the realworldtech website. Even worse, accepting a password with special characters in the "Change Password" screen but having it not work when you try to log on with it. Evolution is just a way of explaining how someone came to be, not how they work. Being a good materialist I do think that people are reducible, but we certainly haven't been able to figure all of the steps out yet. If BMW was the only car brand out there, then yes the emergence of the Corolla would actually represent new competition. Don't the existence of thing like the Gödel sentence show that there are things that are true but which humans can't prove, contradicting the claim that this is an important distinction between humans and computers? I was annoyed at how the article just blithely asserted that wavefunctions collapse, as if that wasn't a matter of ongoing debate. In fact, Penrose is remarkable among big name physicists for being sure that wavefrom collapse occurs. http://www.hedweb.com/manworld.htm#believes "People must choose, when a computer need not choose." Perhaps I'm not understanding something, but that seems to be obviously false. A human always has the option of being unsure in the face of non-computable statements like "You can't know that this sentence is true" or such. Ok, I'll confess that I'm not sure what you're talking about when you mention second order systems. However, Godel's incompleteness theorems (plural) were a lot more general than you're suggesting. First Theorem: "Any effectively generated theory capable of expressing elementary arithmetic cannot be both consistent and complete. In particular, for any consistent, effectively generated formal theory that proves certain basic arithmetic truths, there is an arithmetical statement that is true, but not provable in the theory." Second Theorem: "For any formal effectively generated theory T including basic arithmetical truths and also certain truths about formal provability, T includes a statement of its own consistency if and only if T is inconsistent." It wasn't that Godel proved that Peano arithmetic was incomplete that shocked mathematicians, it was that he showed that _no formal system_ could ever be complete as long as remained consistent. Of course maybe this second order system isn't consistent, in which case there's no problem. After all, I'm fairly convinced that human reason isn't always perfectly consistent, so it makes sense that we can avoid Godel's theorems. Of course, I see no reason we couldn't make a slightly inconsistent computer either. There are several obvious explanations like that we evolved conciousness in order to be able to explain ourselves to other humans. But I thought Chalmers believe that the physical world was "causally closed" and that therefore a purely material feedback process like evolution couldn't select for qualia? When he said that he had just been voted out of office, and therefore perhaps not as enthusiastic about this whole "democracy" thing as he usually was. When I started learning vim I put that up on the wall next to me. It was a big big help. Emacs is a better IDE than vim, but vim is a better editor than emacs. Emacs is far easier to script and plays nicer with other programs so there are more, more useful extensions for working in various languages. On the other hand, I find vim's modal interface faster and easier on my hands than emac's chording interface. viper-mode in emacs might be ideal. I'm not optimistic about this ever being legal even if it ends up being safe and effective. The bottom line is that I can't see the FDA ever approving a mind-altering drug that isn't for a recognized disease. I've found History According to Bob endlessly fascinating; http://www.summahistorica.com/ Short, digestible college style lectures about various history topics. I might be missing something, but how is it that overall the number of leading 2s is greater than the number of leading 1s, but not in any of the constituent regions? I've had two runins with the patent system, and both have severely weakened my trust in it. Back in the day a student at my dorm in college decided tit would be a cool idea to make a webserver for our laundry machines so that we could tell if there was one free without going down to the basement. It attracted some interest, and was even Slashdotted a couple of times over the years. Between Slashdottings one and two a company applied for a patent on the idea of connecting laundry machines to web servers. Much later, after our dorms laundry server had been in operation for about a decade, they sent us a cease and desist letter. We informed them that they'd lose their patent if they took us to court and didn't suffer, but they are still charging people millions of dollars for the system their invalid patent gives them a monopoly on. After I got my Master's I started work at a consultancy that did custom sensors. They had previously outsourced their engineering, but the company that had been given the engineering work had tried to patent the ideas of the consultancy out from under them. Luckily the consultancy had filed for patents first, but the company was granted one of the patents anyways. Really? Generally I mostly simulate things whose macroscopic behaviour I don't understand, and I simulate them so that I can understand them better. C++ at work for the new code C at work for supporting the old code (and at my last job for embedded systems) Matlab at work 'cause the science phds I'm collaborating with don't know anything else Python for most random tasks (and some analysis for myself using numpy) Lua for extending my window manager Haskell (just starting) for fun Spice at my last job for circuit analysis You don't need to know more than the other market participants to do well in the stock market, you just need to know one thing that other people don't (assuming your investment is a tiny fraction of the money in the stocks you pick). You should always expect that all the information on a product that is accessible to Wallstreet traders is already factored into a stocks price, but there may be things (does this product really make sense for someone like me who lives in a small appartment, how will this inovation interact with the stuff I learned in all those technical courses I took in college) that you might better information about than the market makers. Of course, it might just be that random chance has caused the author of the post to do badly in the market and me to do well - causing us both to be biased. You should always diversify your investing and its probably a good idea to put most of your stock money into index funds. Solar hot water heating is probably a much better deal than photovoltaics. Generally, any company that is doing ok and isn't trying to expand quickly. Solar cells are expensive now, but production of them has been going up at something likely 20-30% a year for a decade. You got to figure that a lot of the price of a cell is going to the rapid ramp-up in manufacturing capacity, and that at some point the supply will have increased enough that the price will drop. That's not really true, we self-replicate all the time (thanks mom and dad). What we don't know how to do is design things that self-replicate from scratch, but we do already have plenty of existence proofs. Also, self-replication is actually easier at the molecular level because all the parts are perfectly regular. I really wish that the author would have, when complaining about "Drexler's Book", been clear about which one he was talking about. Also, "Mechanical objects on microscales do not exist" is gratuitously false, we even have really simple mechanical objects (like cantilevers) on the 100nm scale now. Yeah, but we were reusing the cell's own molecular machinery there. What I was thinking of, though I wasn't clear, was all new machinery. I found that criticism less than persuasive. If a person says that $1000 in medical bills is to low a threshold to declare a bankruptcy to be due to medical expenses, then the fact that the actual threshold the study used was even lower ($1000 in medical bills or A or B or C) doesn't detract from the argument and merely makes the critic look bad. All the other specific criticisms seem to be either equally pedantic, or matters where there could be a reasonable difference of opinion expect for his proper criticism of her for getting the response rate of the survey wrong which does significantly effect one of the points Megan raised in the article that was being debunked. McArdle didn't distinguish between covered and uncovered bills in her writing, and given the context (covered bills can't push someone into bankruptcy by definition) it was pretty clear she meant uncovered bills. So yes, the author is being pedantic for insisting that something that was clear from context be spelled out. My main workspace has several terminals, each with multiple tabs open, mostly with copies of vim running. It might work better than King's experiment, I would guess that Stephenson's natural audience is more willing to read things online. " As a society, what is our solution to this so-called problem? We add another layer of victimization on these innocent women who are already victimized!" 'Fun' fact, one out of every 50 times a prostitute in Chicago has sex she's doing it with a cop for no money so he doesn't arrest her. I'm not sure that anything you're saying there contradicts what was in the article (or the headline), though thank you for detailing what the article calls just "new therapies that work". The article seems to have been written in the context of the numerous people who have been sent to jail solely on the testimony of people who thought they had repressed memories which psychotherapists were able to recover. See wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satanic_ritual_abuse The SCUD was doing a much easier job, though. And the amount the patriot missed by is actually pretty close to the accuracy of a SCUD at hitting its target. Ah, I was sort of hoping to find that someone had made a theme with syntax highlighting as useful as fish's. I think your post is actually an excellent example of the thing being warned against. If you say "Doing X will maximize growth" that is perfectly scientific, but if you say "Doing X will maximize growth and therefore science says we must do X" is not, because the audience might give some weighting to things besides maximizing growth, changing the outcome. After all "an ought cannot be derived from as is" and people claiming to do so deserve to be criticized. And if all you've got is a statistical correlation without any good causal reasoning it always pays to remember Goodhart's law.