mmap of course? Light is the only thing thats done it for me, ever. In high school I made myself get up and turn on a light, which was permission to go back and lie on the bed for another 15 minutes. Without light, I've never been able to get up. The funny part is I sometimes forget this for extended periods of time and suffer awfully trying to get up in the morning. Ah! One of my favorite topics! Inkboard was a fork of inkscape that was an experimental collaborative whiteboard. It uses XMPP, and some pieces of it were merged into Inkscape proper well after the fact. Coccinella is a perl/tk IM client that uses XMPP to do whiteboarding. shit was at 75% less than a week ago, of the 10k it was requesting. talk about a fast shift. Threaded model has two detractors; Foremost, context switching. This is a non-trivial process: on-die caches get flushed, virtual memory has to get re-mapped, registers re-loaded. This is by definition lost time, time the OS is spent not doing your workload. If the number of context switches gets too large, a system is spending an inordinate amount of time performing context switches, and less time doing "real work" inside threads. You cite two isues, slow and not scaling. Second, memory usage. Each thread has its own stack space, which consumes a fixed memory size. As to "slow" and "does not scale;" slow is relative; the amount of time spent context switching is very dependent on a variety of workload factors. Threading _can_ be slow. Scaling, on the other hand, is less unequivocal. A quarter million active threads, each doing very little, is not a good thing: too much memory, too many context switches, and too high a latency. The problem is not threading per se. It's pre-emptive multi-threading, where a programs state is transparently pulled from the CPU by the OS and serialized to someplace else, and another programs state is de-serialized and loaded in transparent; that is, without the loaded or unloaded program knowing. Erlang and tasklets are examples of userspace or lightweighs threads where pre-emption is not permitted, and the context switching penalty is negligible. Instead of threads being ignorant, and being preemptively swapped in and out, they are coordinated and actively yield themselves back to the scheduler, thereby reducing the context switching penalty. ryah immediately posted the following series of tweets, to such effect: "Thanks-some valid criticisms. The story doesn't stop at the process boundary. Concurrency through Spawning&IPC should be discussed" "ie, "actors", although not explicitly given that name, are baked in. I just don't feel then need to put them inside the same process." asked about impl discussion; "Not really. It's not fancy: unix socks, no framing protocols, no RPC daemons. But using what's there is a valid concurrency solution." the particular danger i'd cite w/r/t JS is that its a much more flexible language than many, and that there's not the same level of entrenched best practices and tooling to enforce best practices. in other words, everyone knows JS, granted, but they know very different styles of it. consider the plethora of means of doing inheritance that exist for JS. There are features you miss by relying on IPC. UNIX Sockets are zero copy, sure, but you still lose performance doing the marshal/unmarshal tasks, and that could be largely avoided using shared immutable memory. I'd much rather node have a multi-threaded Web Workers implementation of nodejs that uses immutable shared memory for message passing. Not coincidentally, I'd much rather push the real distributed scaling problems (such as coordination and marshalling/demarshalling) up to a much much higher level in my application stack. As it stands now, I need multiple marshal/unmarshallers, for the IPC layer and the app's scaling-out/distributed layer. the entire point was that it's not mapreduce, it's a stream processing system. try http://wiki.s4.io/Manual/S4Overview#toc1 for a " what is S4 " intro. The architecture resembles the Actors model, providing semantics of encapsulation and location transparency, thus allowing applications to be massively concurrent while exposing a simple programming interface to application developers. and S4 is a general-purpose, distributed, scalable, partially fault-tolerant, pluggable platform that allows programmers to easily develop applications for processing continuous unbounded streams of data. go stream processing. also see Flume for related recent works. Any delay in rendering web pages is due to the network. many many webapps do not use the network, and any latency experienced comes from the page's own processing, the browser & the os. i'd throw ANDROID-1147 and ANDROID-1376 in the Android technical management "absolutely really just doesn't get it" bucket. otoh, the issue Charles Ying of Satine.org rages aobut, ANDROID-6914, seems much more questionable to me because the issue itself is really complex. the two tickets, "Support for external keyboard, mouse" and "Browser doesn't render SVG images" both strike me as absolutely essential to making smartphones competitive with PC's. people have been happily attaching fold up keyboards to Palm Pilots for a decade now, SVG is perhaps the only sane route forwards for resolution independent apps and animation, and Apple has found religion on both these topics-- yet Android is obstinately behind. otoh composited gpu acceleration is not nearly the huge obvious win C. Ying boasts it as. the gpu is more power efficient than the cpu for intensive applications, but a smartphones natural state is not intensive use. mr guy of android points out a number of complexities-- opengl drivers only supporting a single context, opengl acceleration proving less speedy than software implementations. it places huge emphasis on driver support, which any embedded wonk will tell you is a scary prospect. although gpu acceleration is becoming better supported, keep in mind that the smartphone market expands, both up and down, with broadcom & others putting out chips designed for sub $75 smartphones. android is definitely not winning the race for the top atm, but performance has always been a rather lonely market-- that said, unsmooth experiences dont fly. software graphics focus insures a base level of performance for everyone, and strikes me as the right place to start to insure a speedy experience not subject to external interrupts. the current silkiness situation is a little sad. it'll get better. more relevant to me is Android not playing in the ecosystem-- external peripherials, UPnP/DLNA, SVG-- these are the real things that will make or break not Android, but the open digital web, and Android is failing, badly, even in compare with non-web-enthusiasts Apple. Samsung cared, and they spend X million dollars building new devices that made use of the hardware they had onboard because they cared. As a result they can run a browser at 720p smoothly on their phone. Innovation doesnt come from asking people what they want. It comes from finding new markets and making new means. The argument in favour of a GPU-accellerated GUI which is not mentioned here is battery life. I haven't been testing this side of things, but just because a CPU can do a 60 FPS GUI doesn't mean it should. Deferring it to the GPU would certainly reduce power consumption while navigating a UI. Both Charles Ying of Satine and wzdd seem sympathetic to this notion that the gpu is a power saving device. Surely it is when doing complex work. On the other hand, most smartphone usage consists of relatively simple screens and basic if any transitions. If it's only going to take 3ms of CPU work to run a 150ms animation, by all means, figure out how to keep the OS from interrupting the high priority graphics task and make the CPU do it. Particularly if the GPU would have to be on across the entire 150ms. If not, what is the cost of copying the graphical content between the GPU and the CPU? How much CPU does it take to initialize and set up the GPU for this extremely simple task you ask of it? Is the CPU going to be able to sleep while the GPU is running the animation, and if not what kind of context switching and control costs are going to be imposed on the CPU to manage the graphics state? We've barely begun to see multi-core cell phone GPU's, but the point of the GPU is basically to run lots of work at a nice low clock rate where voltages can be dropped. If you dont have a lot of work to do, there's really no sense waking up the GPU and having it's extremely dumb poorly-branching cores chug away at figuring out, say, the SVG animations that a semi-competent ARM core could knock off right quick. You're just wasting power turning on the GPU. Smoothness and polish, I suspect, are much more a questions of resource allocation than CPU capability, particularly when you've got a sub 640x480 surface and a 1GHz core. One of the reasons I'd switched to Opera over Mozilla/Firebird/Firefox was because it remained consistently responsive. A page would be freaking out dog slow doing heaven knows what... in firefox, the browser would be frozen, in Opera, I could continue interfacing and issuing gestures and keyboard commands. Even on my old Fujitsu P1120 - a dog slow 800MHz Transmeta Crusoe beast with 223 MB ram - Opera, while not visually responsive, was at least queuing my operations, and would respond as fast as it was able. There didnt seem to be any event queue in firefox; if the browser was freaking out, keyboard commands &c would be outright dropped. hubs cannot insert data. the only function a hub serves is to assert that there is new data on the feed, and that clients should re-request the feed. a malicious hub could continually signal clients to keep fetching the feed, triggering a Denail-of-Service on the feed. that's really the only possible mis-use. hubs can also proxy. ycombinator could run their own hub that could subscribe to someone else's hub and notify by proxy all of it's clients. this negates a lot of the "big hub" mumbo jumbo you seem to fear. to answer your original confusion, the problem PubSubHubbub solves are two fold. foremost, 5 minutes is a long time in some worlds. second, every client subscribing has to pole every 5 minutes, asserting an etag and/or if-modified-since, which the server then has to look at and validate. with pubsubhubbub, results are "instant" and the server doesnt have any load when nothing new is being posted. this is indeed a big deal. to your last, a micro hub will have no additional load, so long as the micro hub has any subscribers. I'm not sure why you'd say puppet isnt a server provisioning tool. This managing of configurations you talk about, the way puppet interacts with package managers to install packages, these are the tasks I think about when I hear server provisioning. remember when Steve Jobs announced the iPhone, and said the only applications for it would be web applications? [1] and how, across the next 5 months before native apps were announced, people alternatively wondered how they were going to possibly develop for it, or whether it was going to be a second genesis for the web? yeah, good times. [1] http://www.engadget.com/2007/06/11/apple-announces-third-par... Fuck yes. This isn't about GB/$. This is about IOPS/($ x density) and Throughput/($ x density). Databases and datastores used to be limited by iops, and SSD's are altering the balance of where that bottleneck occurs: we've already seen absurd 9x SSD systems[1] and 24x SSD systems[2] running off three or four SATA/SCSI cards; this offers those levels of performance in a single package. 3GBps is 24Gbps. A mere two of these will max out the IO Hub on a Nehalem, which is good for 40Gbps[3]. As for getting that data into the CPU, the top of the line MP Xeon offers four QPI links good for 25.6Gbps a piece. That's 100Gbps, which four of these could provide, and it stands as a fixed upper bound for how much data an SMP (4-way in this case) system can be fed (and thus crunch) at once (and uses expensive 4-way cpus to do it). The throughput limit is now (erm, will be) the platform, not the IO storage. This is huge. Wait, no, strike that, it's incomprehensibly small, small and fast. References: [1] "Battleship mtron" http://www.nextlevelhardware.com/storage/battleship/ [2] "Samsung SSD Awesomeness" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96dWOEa4Djs&fmt=22 [3] "Building a Single Box 100Gbps Router" via http://shader.kaist.edu/packetshader/ I'd love to hear about the ASIC this runs on. Will it present SATA's AHCI interface? Will it eschew SATA altogether? Warranty is key here. That and having prepared ops. Which is no different than it was with HD's. But for the sake of it, let's run the numbers. A 700GB drive being written at 2GB/s would fully cycle in 350 seconds. That's 86400/350 is 247 cycles a day (amusing 247 ~ 24/7 coincidence spotted). Assuming a 10,000 cycle life, that's 40 days of operation. Go to 100,000 cycle life and that a 400 day lifetime of non-stop full-speed writing. And worth every sweet cent of that somewhat short life, in this commenters opinion. I'm sure that the half rack of HD's it'd take to get this kind of IOPs wouldn't have an in any way improved expected lifetime cost. If you just need throughput the story may be a little different. Samsung has spent considerable effort getting better utilization of the PowerVR GPU, originally for the Galaxy Tab. It's really quite a shame these kind of under the hood optimizations are so far out of the mind of consumers; factors such as responsiveness and scrolling quality severely impact perceived experience, but there aren't good metrics and consumers don't know to look for them. To talk briefly about one item here, embedded systems dev kits; They strike me as a ludicrous 'pay to play' scheme. The old standard is that you have to buy a $2500 dev kit for every developers, and that standard has kept the individuals and enthusiasts out. OEM's ought have full design files for multiple reference board available, and sell implementations for something like cost. Much of this trenchant multi-level commercialism (developer kit company, silicon company) was natural for the way the software tooling used to work; one off debugging interfaces (also frequently $1000+) talking to each vendor's proprietary compilation/debugging toolchain, booting each vendor's own bootcode and running drivers developed by the vendor. Thankfully the open source stack is getting better. Another commenter discussed a sustainable bicycle part company ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2629346 ), and I see a similar parallel in that chip companies ought be investing in sustainable openly accessible tooling. SoC and high speed serial radically simplify many aspects of board design, chip companies ought be actively promoting the other side of easy accessibility & be working to produce open source drivers, facilitate tool support from the likes of OpenOCD, uBoot, &c, and doing every thing they can to reduce barriers to entry. linux can still boot without a /usr. this was a commit; how many people ran it? on the other hand, delete the boot.ini[1] and most windows systems cant even boot. now deploy that boot.ini deleting build on an MMO (eve online) and watch the fur fly. that, ladies and gentlemen, is how you earn a :golfclap:. [1] http://google.com/search?q=ccp+boot.ini I'm really excited I don't have to build my own XMPP Muji client[1]. Hang-outs are something I've wanted for a long long time; passive virtual spaces. Goonfleet used to go crazy with Stickam, but it was more event oriented, less passive. Hopefully this can be a good marker in helping people actually communicate and build community over the net, v. individual play. [1] http://telepathy.freedesktop.org/wiki/Muji I haven't heard anything about API's or developers. Another annoying case of "do no evil" not implying anything about actually pushing the state forward or helping. I'm not altogether that interested in the greater of the two silos, although I am excited by a state of play other than facebook moseying down the field palming the ball in one hand. Actually it's just Stickam. One that encourages you to be a leet idler. Enjoyable article, probably true for many; making me further happy I just picked up a stack of James Hillman & other Archetypal Psychologies & symbol books. There's nothing inherently contradictory about an unknowable truth. Disagree: it's merely trite, not incorrect, and in spite of being trite it still brings a grin to my lips. It starts with an arbitrary premise ("the brain wants to process symbols"). Since the premise is arbitrary, it doesn't help me at all. I think you are far off the mark. Want may well be tangential. The brain is a symbol processor; that's all it knows how to do. If there aren't positive feedbacks in place to encourage it to do what it does, this sole ability will atrophy and decay. Here's is your much vaunted evolution, in 36 words. The philosopher in me would much rather interrogate the implications and dynamics that this situation creates, and accept apriori what I see as self evident facts of creation. One of the main questions is how wide/broad spectrum a light source is. CFL's, I believe, have strong & narrow emission bands[1]. LED's tend to be a bit fatter (also shown in link[1]). I adore NIST's "Spectrally tunable lighting facility"[2]: a room with a huge variety of different narrow-ish-band LED's. You talked about a tuneable RGB array for selecting color, this is the same idea but comprised of 22 different colors, giving way better spectral control. Humans might not know the difference when they're looking at grey cards, but when it comes to seeing how different spectrums of light interact with real objects, I really like this idea of a tunable light source. [1] http://web.ncf.ca/jim/misc/cfl/ [2] http://www.nist.gov/pml/div685/grp05/vision_lighting.cfm LED & CFL are very much opposite situations for powering: LED uses very low voltage DC at high currents, and CFL uses high frequency high voltage low current. LED's have to be current limited. I recently picked up a 2V 100A power supply off ebay for some LED projects. :) The Mac's DHCP client is using the router's mac addresses to verify it's on the right network, and it already knows it still holds the lease. What the fuck more do you want? What are you afraid of? The only conceivable grief you can put forward is that the ARP check isn't good enough. The client already owns the lease. If there's IP contention, it's because either a) it's not on the right network after all (arp check) or b) the server's fucked up and it's the servers fault (dhcp server allocated an IP twice). Ok, so assuming the DHCP server isn't faulty may be a bit of a stretch. But coding your client to assume the server can do it's job does not deserve an "Ok, seriously?" hurf-burf post. Please name one or more DHCP server which will knowingly violate a lease it has granted, via "kill the oldest" or any other means. DHCP (rfc2131) doesn't really talk about IP exhaustion. It's undefined behavior, and there's a bunch of people in here saying that server's have every right to violate DHCP leases, otherwise someone can take over a network by continually claiming all of a Class C by continually making DHCP requests. That argument makes sense, but it goes very strongly against the grain of what I would think a DHCP lease meant, whcih is that it's a contract for a specific amount of time. If it is indeed a contract for a specific amount of time, the client has every right to claim what they're contractually obliged to. This was my initial assumption, and I believe it's Apple's rather valid assumption. It's not a case of Apple not following the protocol. It's a case of the real world being more complex than the protocol. Her network didnt produce this, a friend who had a kid with the same disease produced this. Stop mis-attributing individual connections as being performed by the collective. Those Nazi photographs that made the rounds recently? At the time they were heralded as a "wisdom of the crowds" moment, some great network shifting in to gear to crunch a hard problem. The case here & there are the same; it's not about the network, the collective knowledge, it's connecting to the right individuals.[1] [1] http://lens.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/06/22/world-war-ii-myster... Open sourced as of March 18th, 2011: http://code.google.com/p/leveldb/source/browse/trunk/LICENSE... That initial checkin: http://code.google.com/p/leveldb/source/detail?r=2 He looks so different than OSCON 2007: http://blip.tv/oreilly-open-source-convention/oscon-2007-ste... JUST FUCKING STOP IT. Don't use an ISO in the first place. Just make a USB drive with partitions and copy the damned data onto the USB drive. If you want a bootable partition, use syslinux, as detailed here: http://thefowle.livejournal.com/470622.html Going after people running Low Orbit Ion Cannon and expecting to get top brass is... incredible wishful thinking. I thought unetbootin was targeted towards single partition drives? The main advantage of what I've written is you get a nice FAT32 partition with syslinux, and secondary partitions on your USB drive for the actual OS; thus Windows (dunno about Mac) can use the drive normally, and it doubles as a bootable drive. Unforutnately unetbootin's "how it works" page is extremely sparse on detail. http://sourceforge.net/apps/trac/unetbootin/wiki/howitworks $ cat /etc/fstab / /dev/sda2 ext4 ro 1 1 Graphics are only a very small part of the advantage a truly volumetric world could present. A game that captured wind currents, scent, EM spectrum... these are just some of the attributes air normally carries that most games do not capture but that a volumetric system might be used to capture. It's likely someone can poke holes in my premise, but as a general rubric any law that mandates turning over personal information to law enforcement for the mere asking is highly suspect. Reminds me highly of those halcyon days of game modding, where everyone was building awesome Q1 and Unreal mods and levels. And one by one, at first slowly, those authors got plucked up and pulled into industry. The whole modding notion has become a rarity because, well, why mod when you can work in the commercial space making games? Prove yourself out by writing some decent mod content, then get hired. Judging SSD's by their little performance bits is a kind of amusing endeavor: the latest SandForce already saturates a 6Gbps SATA III link, and others are catching up real fast. This pretty standard unit of measure is hitting the limits of the interface, not the drive. What other criteria are there? GB/$, performance/watt, watts at idle, IOps, and warranty or lifecycle costs. Personally, I find something "big enough", ignore power consumption and iops (neither is going to make a huge enough difference for me to concern myself), and then get whatever I can find that has the longest warranty. I see very little reason I shouldn't do everything in RSS. I agree with Marco that this presents a danger of being committed to too much, of being afraid to trash things; the solution is to clearly isolate in your feed reader the feeds you do, and do not expect to fully read. Facebook: give me back my RSS feeds, you bastards. Small non-exclusive company rails against big companies who shield their developers / have become exclusive, news at 7. I'm all for companies that can keep developers and engineers up at the front, being deeply technical involved and interacting with their communities. But that's not going to be all companies, and Facebook in particular is one of those companies that is by their nature a closed system that builds itself not out in public (ala, say Mozilla), but through the proxy of press releases and new features dropped onto users' and 3rd partys' laps. The other big factor I'd pitch would be consistency: how much technical content is there, and what amount is appropriate for a developer to be showing off? If the event is not inherently a technical event, a fifteen or thirty minute segment from a developer might seem really out of place. Developers are to be respected, but Facebook isn't a technical company, it's a networking company. Facebook's infrastructure is open, but their product I would not hesitate to label as closed, even if it has APIs. Programming blogs post daily????