I'd speculate that anyone "political" enough to be elected to the legislature at the tender age of 25 will never be able to step outside the mentally-crippling assumptions of the total-services state. Note the unrecognized contradiction between "the state should provide this service and provide it well" and "when I was in charge of things for the state, the LAST thing I or any of my colleagues cared about was providing this service". In the USA, technologically unnecessary government regulation of the wireless spectrum is the only reason the wires confer any sort of monopoly. If the FCC didn't exist, we wouldn't all be forced to use 1940s tech on all non-wifi bands, and our local loop to our ISP would be wireless, fast, and effectively free. Instead, we have Ma Bell, Part II. I don't see how an evil corporation could have brought about such a situation without the enthusiastic assistance of the state. To confirm my understanding, would the erroneous line from the comment above be rewritten like: button.onclick = obj.func.bind(obj); So un-DRY! It's almost admirable, how blatant a hack this is. Not yet. Other than reference materials and favorites "worth rereading", shouldn't most of the books in one's possession be those one hasn't yet read? When you're done with it pass it on to the next reader! Well that's how it works for physical books; I'm not sure about electronic ones. No, it doesn't. Presumably the parent is describing a situation in which a temporary guest wouldn't receive a physical key at any time, but would have temporary access through the app. Why can't there be more than one school serving a particular area? Does the mere existence of charter/private/parochial in a community undermine that community's public school? Why would that be so? Education is far from the only service industry for which there is no silver bullet. Other such industries function by fostering expertise at management levels in addition to the "work" level, but always leaving the final decision in the hands of the consumer. On the other hand, USA public education takes no consumer input at all, and it's crap. The reason we continue to attempt doomed one-size-fits-all strategies (and really, always using a single poor tactic is poor strategy, despite what we think we may know) is because we intentionally ignore the primary input that helps other industries regulate quality. I actually don't think teachers as a whole are that bad (of course there are individual exceptions), but the management/administration of USA public education is abysmal. If most current administrators were actually responsible for firing underperformers while recruiting talented new teachers, they would fail miserably at those tasks. I'm all in favor of teacher autonomy when we have sufficient public vouchers and other similar mechanisms in place to guarantee parental choice as well. "Some students might have many great teachers and be in a position where school is very positive for them." I've never met anyone who said this about her public high school education. In university, many people said this about their educations in private schools, so I assume such a positive experience is possible. I'm convinced it's rare in public-funded secondary schools in the USA. The best solution to this unfairness is to give everyone a choice in which school their children attend, by instituting publicly-funded vouchers for every student. I have strong opinions about dining and auto repair (I'm neither a particularly noteworthy chef nor mechanic). Others have strong opinions about health care, hair-styling, home remodeling, child care, legal representation, or any of hundreds of other widely available services. Somehow we have a system in place that allows expert service providers to consider all of our opinions so as to provide satisfying service. It would be great if something similar existed for education. Students certainly benefit from interaction with slightly stronger students, regardless of absolute academic strength. The most able student in any class is unlikely to actually learn much, but let's stipulate that we don't care about her needs. I still don't agree that any student benefits from sharing a class with others who are far more advanced. It's not like they're somehow going to catch up (rare exceptions exist, but clearly the system isn't about rare exceptions). Not everyone should be groomed to go $10k in debt for 1.5 years of college, or worse, $50k in debt for a degree that will never pay for itself. We need alternatives to this path for those who are never going to write a convincing essay or calculate a derivative (here we shouldn't just criticize the education establishment; the business community should be creating better opportunities as well). Public schools benefit much less from economies of scale than their administrators, architects, and accountants (who do so benefit) would have us believe. This is why one of the most effective public-only reforms is to break up large schools into smaller ones. The principals don't have any army of vice-principals behind whom to hide, and there is some accountability for what happens in class. Very few charter, private, or parochial schools ever become the behemoths that public schools are, and few of the parents and students who choose them would want them to. I agree that students with special challenges should have commensurately larger vouchers they can take with them to whatever school their parents judge to be the best for them. It's hard to imagine that alternative schools would do worse for those with IEPs than most public schools do. "buy a fucking pump" I suspect this is good advice, but the image that popped into my head was an elevated generator, a ground-level tank, and an electric pump reliant on either mains or generator power. "It's always worked during our monthly tests!" Whoops! Probably the elevated generator should be installed with at least a small gravity-fed tank, easily refilled once the pump is operating. I doubt anyone wants a giant fuel depot anywhere inside or on the roof of the building. Keep in mind that for heights taller than 3 floors (and practically, the limit is shorter than that), pumps have to be located on the same level as the fuel supply because the atmospheric column only has so much mass. Pumps and their electrical inputs should probably be installed with waterproofing if flooding is considered likely. This is reminiscent of what happened at Fukushima Daiichi, although with less dire consequences. The Akin fiasco was modern Republican egotism and political incompetence in a nutshell. To start with the primary: Steelman is a serial officeholder too scared to challenge the incumbent Democrat Nixon for governor, who ran basically because she thought it was her turn in the Senate. Brunner is a rich dude who enjoys buying things. Akin is an "evangelical" Christian who visits lots of different churches. Also there were various cranks. If there were a core group of republican leaders in this state (rather than just a bunch of tired old emeriti angling for lobbyist gigs), they would have recognized that the evangelical vote was going to Akin. It's not as though he's an unknown quantity; he's been representing the same dozy safely-gerrymandered suburbs of St. Louis for decades. So they would know what a tool he is, and they would have known they had to get all the moderates voting for the same candidate in order not to be saddled with Akin in the general election. Which, since they have no way of influencing Brunner, would mean that Steelman would have been urged to step aside. She could have stepped into some committee appointment, or kept lobbying, or whatever, but she would have been taken care of by the establishment. Next time around, it could have been her "turn" again. Nothing like that occurred of course. Perhaps they thought McCaskill could have been beaten by anyone, and they wanted to prove it by nominating the dumbest guy they could find. If so they've been listening to Rush too much. McCaskill is not the pwog extremist they'd like to paint her as. As she bragged in her ads, she got the perfectly moderate score of "50" among Senators. If she had been running in 2010, Akin might have had a chance even with his rude comments, but in the quadrennial general election you can't just take the piss. Obama has coattails in St. Louis and Kansas City. McCaskill isn't as dumb as we all thought either. She actually ran ads during the Republican primary supporting Akin as the "True Conservative Choice". She did so openly, and all the Bible-thumpers thought she was trying to trick them with reverse psychology. I guess her checkerboard has more dimensions than theirs. And then within a week after the primary Akin spouted all that voodoo-illiterate-snake-handler let-me-tell-you-about-legitimate-rape nonsense. Why on earth is any Republican candidate ever allowed to answer a question about rape? Why do they ever utter anything besides "rape is terrible, and I'm against it 100%"? There are no upsides to answering that question! At that point the national Republican machine noticed what a hash of things their chums in Missouri had made. I'm sure they tried to buy off Akin, much as the state folks should have tried to buy off Steelman earlier. In Akin's case, the offer would have had to have been much sweeter, not least because he's much less rational: a national post in a potential Romney administration plus the promise of really sweet lobby dollars for him (they could have hit up Brunner for some of this) while he stayed in the House and an office on K Street after he left it. I'm not sure if they didn't offer a big enough bribe, or if Akin was too dumb and prideful (pride is ever the evangelicals' favorite deadly sin) not to take it, but the deal didn't get done. It didn't help that all the local Republican bigwigs, even those not up for reelection, immediately jumped on the airwaves to deplore Akin as soon as they possibly could. You can trick, buy, or even (rarely) reason with an evangelical, but you can't bully one. As soon as the rustics in the Ozarks heard that fancypants Danforth was trying to overrule the voters' choice for nominee, the phones in every political office in the state lit up. At that point it was too easy for Akin to fool himself. After all, he's a believer. So, this is the Republican Party. I still vote for them occasionally, and if I lived in a Blue state I probably would do so more often. Mostly I'm really bummed Johnson only got 1% this time around. "don't stand a chance" I didn't actually expect Johnson to win. The majority of voters don't support peace and freedom at this time, so I didn't expect them to vote for those things this time. However, I had hoped that a better showing by Johnson would prompt more voters to at least consider the possibility of peace and freedom, and that that consideration could inform their votes next time. "the idiocy of the electoral college" One might think the case for this proposition is obvious, but it's not. The electoral college effectively prevents having a recount in every state and every precinct any time the popular vote is close. Only when the electoral count is close and the popular vote of some state is also close will we have a recount, with all of its inherent confusion and lawsuits. I'm glad we have an institution that prevents recounts in most elections. What other institution would you propose, or do you see no problem with recounts? A single GFCI outlet on a circuit protects all outlets on that circuit: it will interrupt the circuit on a ground fault at any outlet wired in parallel. It is customary if not universal for the GFCI outlet to be closest to either the entrance to the room or the sink (often both). In such a case the fact that the outlet nearest the toilet doesn't appear to be a special GFCI receptacle isn't actually a problem. This is an important correction; I upvoted. However, it does confirm that the normal outlet by the toilet, protected as it is by the single GFCI outlet in the restroom (assuming the electrician wasn't as foolish as I was above) doesn't need to be replaced by a new GFCI outlet in order to plug in a fancy toilet seat. It's silly to provide a "read an excerpt" link that is just the generic intro-to-this-book copy that's approximately reproduced on the page that contains said link. "Hackers like to optimize things." Gee, thanks for that. Excerpts should be meaty: show me what's going on in the third section of chapter 6. I may not understand all the prerequisites, but I can at least judge whether anything is actually happening in this book, before I give you money. Some people frame the gov't-vs-corp question as one of trust, which it certainly is. If we really thought about it, however, we might find that we're more motivated by the feeling (not the fact!) of agency. If you write lots of letters to your reps and attend lots of city council meetings, you probably feel more agency in dealing with the government. If you spend lots of money and change vendors often, you probably feel more agency in dealing with "private" corporations. Some of us might not experience much agency in our day-to-day lives, but still be tempted to choose one or both scenarios as a pleasant imaginative exercise. I suspect that much of the agency we feel in our dealings with both of these groups is illusory, perhaps inspired by a conditioning to approve of the broad basket of behaviors they were going to exhibit anyway. Even more imaginary, however, may be the thought that a strong embedding in a peer-regulating group will give us more agency. Humans had that arrangement for thousands of years, but most recent (last few centuries anyway) changes in society have undermined it. Society is the sum of choices we all make, and we don't seem to be returning to the village green. This statement might be correct (although I've never seen any evidence to support it), but it's still misleading because "forward the packet" is always going to require fewer resources than "read the packet, parse it using this set of algos, use the parse results to search your DB of shit you want to fuck with, optionally fuck with the packet, optionally forward the packet". An exception to this would be if you have big iron on the edge that protects resource-poor interior nodes. This situation is unavoidable sometimes (DDOS), but it's not what anyone should aim for. Historically the ITU was a forum through which Ma Bell marketed her switching equipment to national phone companies outside North America. Presumably this is more of the same, except Ma Bell was divested of most equipment manufacturing and it's all IP now so other companies (USA, Japan, Germany, with a few others) are driving. The capacity for spying on and shaping the internet use of customers/subjects is appealing for many decision-makers. Among "first world" nations, we probably shouldn't discount the persuasiveness of the various American TLAs with their various evil projects. Don't you want your national constabulary to buy the same crap the DHS buys? I suspect that if all of this was for reasonable network maintenance then the ITU wouldn't need to be involved. The equipment manufacturers have the researchers; they don't need the ITU to tell them how to shut down open mail relays. What makes me less concerned about these proceedings is that all this is happening anyway, whether we're told or not. Yes Virginia, there are bad people in the world, and some of them run phone companies, while others spy on the citizens who pay their salaries. Eventually they'll all be routed around, and we have encryption anyway. Sure key management is hard, but if your opponent controls national network operators then you'll use something better than TLS. I have several responses: A) this is probably true to an extent. B) slurping everything to disk is impractical, and no one has that much storage, so you're back to parsing and deciding at the boundary. This "leisure" time doesn't ever happen when you save everything all the time. C) this point seems to contradict the various claims of reasonable network maintenance I've seen; if it's trash you want to drop, you want to drop it on the floor not on your disk. If you're keeping actual traffic rather than just summaries of traffic, you're not doing reasonable network maintenance. > inevitably will have users who don't spend the karma they gain and so become karma sinks. This doesn't seem like a problem to me. A karma sink is a connectivity source. Surely we're trying to optimize for the latter quantity? If it makes you feel bad you can give away prizes or something. I'm not a mobile app dev, but I could have sworn that I'd heard until recently that no one made money from this stuff. Obviously this article implies that many people are like that, but it also seems to imply that there is a transition area -- a middle tail if you will -- in which independent devs can make money without becoming Zynga or Rovio. Someone should buy a Naris and let hackers start hammering on it. The delivery vector for any malware developed would be trivial. Just send it in an email to someone in the USA. Hi NSA! If you find similar coverage elsewhere please link it. In the meantime I'm glad RT is on this. And please distinguish between the long-term goals and values of the USA and the craven personal interests of its present rulers. In pieces I've read and seen from RT, they've often honored the former while excoriating the latter. Which is something I wish an American news source could do. I'll know it's possible as soon as I see a single example. Yeah it probably isn't cheap. If motivated enough, however, somebody like EFF or WikiLeaks could co-opt enough officials in a third-party nation (Ecuador, perhaps?) to purchase the service. "National security classified" has never stopped Boeing from selling cut-rate, not-latest-generation tech to other nations before. After all, their pals who want to work for them upon "retirement" from the military decide what's classified. Probably the service wouldn't come with a complete ruleset, but it would come with consulting, from the same people who helped develop the initial USA ruleset. Also, the system is probably optimized for the use of its largest customer. Failing that, you might be able to enlist the help of some of the APT folks who've been downloading all the F-35 plans. Why would we expect Boeing's network to be more secure than Lockheed's? If one were really patient and as immoral as the NSA, one could start moving around a lot of fabricated-but-plausible evidence against USA citizens for national security-type crimes, and then paying special attention to federal prosecution notices. If you noticed which manufactured "evidence" turned up most often, you'd be able to run a kind of oracle attack by fine-tuning for what got prosecuted the most. In addition, many of these framed citizens would be so obviously innocent that even our debased court system would acquit. This would undermine the perceived accuracy of this fancy expensive system. After federal prosecutors look foolish a couple of times when relying on super-secret we-can't-tell-you-where-we-got-this surveillance data, word will get around. However it's done, if someone figured out how to characterize which packets get saved (I still refuse to believe they're saving every packet sent in the USA), one could generate many such packets, which could be obviously bogus upon inspection but enough to fool the initial analyzer. That's a DOS right there. Just throwing out some ideas. I'm sure you smart guys have already thought of all this. This cannibalization argument is the same reason that Henry Ford only sold black cars. Car companies didn't (actually, if you go back long enough ago, they did, but they're over it now) have to transform their company and manufacturing processes in radical ways when they began offering both types of fuel, any more than had to when they began offering multiple cylinder displacement options (2.0L, 454cc, etc.) Diesel and gas engines both require fuel systems, radiators, alternators, air intakes, exhaust pipes with mufflers, transmissions, etc. It is actually possible (although not always easy) to just replace one type of engine with the other in a user-owned car, so much more in the factory. It is quite another thing to rip out everything involved in the motive function, except the axles, wheels, and tires. If BMW wait too long to start the process, they won't get the results to a BMW quality level for many years. They'll have to decide whether they want to saddle the brand image with crappy electrical cars or if they'd prefer to sell their crappy electrical cars with a low-prestige marque. The "gun" narrative, in addition to being literally true, also has the rhetorical advantage of emotionally short-circuiting many people of a particular ideological bent. While you fume about being explicitly associated with the violent force that implicitly enables your everyday actions, you're unable to reply in a fashion that will convince the majority of people who don't have irrational ideas about guns. (I don't necessarily mean "you" literally, but surely we've seen enough guns-r-bad silliness online to know that it exists.) It's apparent to me that there will be multiple ways of "generating new karma". Don't all of these devices come with a certain amount built in? If that's not enough (e.g. once most consumers who would buy one have already done so) then people who find themselves short can buy some more with actual money, or devices that are online can "farm" karma at a certain rate, or whatever. It's not difficult for the mint to print more money. What was "over the top" about the linked piece? It's got to be the most even-tempered thing I've ever read from RMS. Did you actually read TFA before posting this comment? Interesting. It seems like he also might have wanted to try a generator expression for the "throw away the list" case. You can always wrap a generator expression with max() or any() or something similar to trigger the iteration. You'd at least be avoiding the "LIST_APPEND" bytecode. With the additional function call I'm not sure the generator expression would be better, but I must admit that in my own code I'm pretty anal about converting all list comps to gen exps that I possibly can. Wow, scrolling down from that article was a hilarious reminder how much more cogent HN comments tend to be than any other comments on the interwebs. "Grrr! USPTO is mean to Apple! How dare they! I'm mad!" Etc. Sure, but it's less expensive to store and maintain a single boolean value than a potentially-huge list. That's sort of the point of any(), sum(), or any other builtin that takes an iterable. This reminds me of reduce functions in MapReduce: if they return variable-sized objects they'll blow up. As others suggest I'm probably all wet about savings vs. a simple loop because of instantiation etc. And I don't think I'd ever use expressions like these merely for their side effects. I do expect that at a certain problem size the cumulative costs of building the list in a list comp will swamp the generator instantiation costs of gen exps consumed by iterator-friendly functions. From that discussion it seems that not much of this system was usable at that time. Fortunately it appears more complete now. He got his thesis done too. If you'll forgive my pedantry, I think doubling is traditionally described as "100%" growth, not "200%". "Any company that cannot discover an intrusion for a year sufficiently knows neither themselves, nor their enemy, and is not in a strong position to win a battle by going on the offensive against them." Well that makes sense. If you've been pwned, it's likely that there are many aspects of the situation you don't understand, even after you realize the fact of your pwnage. Who can say that your "offensive" actions aren't exactly what your opponent desires, as he has led you to take part in his attacks on other victims? Do you consent that those victims "hack back" against your assets in response to your misguided actions? It seems like we've heard about this sort of tactic for some time. It's like many other proposed IT "solutions" in that it's much easier to market than to provide. Remove the '/' from the end of the link. "...even if the gyros stop..." Except gyros don't... stop. Sure, they require regular torque input to maintain constant angular velocity. However, they're typically constructed with all their considerable mass at the rim, so they have very high angular momentum. If power to the gyros fails for some reason, they will continue to spin, and continue to regulate balance, for quite some time. Certainly long enough to pull to the side of the road and deploy the kickstands. It would be good engineering to tie some sort of gyro power failsafe into motive power and some sort of driver alert system, if it weren't even better engineering to just tie both of the "redundant" (I suspect that two horizontal gyros act to cancel any unwanted yaw torque that one would create by itself) gyros directly to accessory power. If the key is on, the gyros are either starting to spin or are spinning at normal speed. Like with any other vehicle, if you lose power at high speed, coast to a stop at the side of the road. At that point perhaps there is a non-powered mechanism to extend the kickstands? I didn't downvote you, but it is physically impossible for spinning gyros, with their massive angular momentum, to suddenly stop without a sudden massive impulse of countervailing torque. Barring catastrophic (i.e. the driver is already dead) damage to the vehicle, there is no mechanism that can apply such torque. I thought it was a joke. I kind of agree on the advance notice, but then again what excuse does anybody have anymore for not delivering IMAP over SSL? (If you're talking about a personal server, why not either a) forward to gmail or b) update your MX records to point at gmail?) Is it any better for all affected users to have to 1) figure out what this fingerprint is and enter it and then 2) individually update the fingerprint every time the cert changes, after they figure out that's why they're not getting any email through this particular provider any more? Isn't it easier from Google's perspective to just say "you can't do this" than deal with those complications? Isn't GPS supposed to be a military technology? Maybe there's something they're not telling us about how they really use GPS. However, I'm not reassured by the wartime durability of any tech that must be protected from all interference while at peace. Not that we actually have any real enemies anymore (rustic Muslim goat-and-flammable-underwear aficionados are more dangerous than the Axis powers were, really?), but if we did why would they obey the FCC? The consensus in this discussion seems to be that Google should just allow each mail user to enter a cert (or hash thereof) for each self-signed mail server they're polling. And then each user would need to update each cert every time it changed, or the IP address changed, or whatever. But first the user would need to notice the change, which might not be easy if that email address was low-traffic. (I'm assuming we're not talking about user-controlled servers, because in such a case why not just forward?) Who would want to get a notice every time the mail server had the wrong credentials? If it's a short-term thing the user can't do anything about it. If it's a long-term thing the user might be able to do something, or she might not. She'll probably just conclude "Gmail is broken", when in fact it is the upstream server that can't be arsed to buy a usable cert and take part in the (admittedly imperfect) CA PKI. Instead they'd like the user to take part in some ad hoc PKI that they'd like Google to set up for them. Are users less likely to screw up cert management than service providers? In general, making the user do work that the service provider could do is a bad smell. This would be a giant can of worms. This scheme is not something that any other webmail provider does, and there could be security flaws that haven't occurred to us. This service would only be usable by the minority of users who can understand most of the comments on this page. Google would be blamed when things went wrong, rather than the self-signing mail servers who deserve the blame. Credit to Google for avoiding such a morass. I wonder if pg and Yegge have a similar response in the works? It seemed like HN was more interested in the theme of TMH than the accurate portrayal of the names he dropped, which really surprised me with respect to pg. Articles like this which simply report the impressions of various eyewitnesses are interesting. It was a fluid situation, evidenced by some teachers barricading students into their room (good planning; I'm sure this is standard policy for gunshots) while others were directed by police to run for a more secure location. (This last seems pretty sketchy for kindergartners: would they have any idea what or where the firehouse is, and could they be expected to run as a group without losing stragglers with only a single teacher supervising?) There are definitely cheaper ways to get SSL. The simplest might be a CloudFlare Pro account, since you won't have to migrate to a different host. (It wasn't clear how much of the $99 WPE charge was hosting and how much was an SSL surcharge. It's my impression that these surcharges vary quite a bit.) Of course the "security" to which CIOs refer is not DLP or anything cool like that (I'm not implying that DLP works, only that it's cool) but rather their own job security. IT is a cost center, and CIOs only survive when they can account their costs to other parts of the business. If e.g. marketing, sales, and accounting can honestly say they don't need anything that IT is providing, IT might not be around much longer. From an actual security standpoint, it makes sense to really evaluate how secret your data need to be, and then set up an infrastructure to support that. Individual customer demographic data should be absolutely secret, but that doesn't just mean that marketing people shouldn't upload it to Dropbox so it's easier to pull into their abominable Access DB. That means that the only people who ever see it are CSRs while they're actually talking to the customer. Then IT can add value by isolating CSR desktops on their own 802.1X-secured wired network, while providing a more open network for their other work, and encouraging a shred-all-post-it-notes policy. I think IT can make legitimate security arguments, but these can't start with "gosh Dropbox is terrible!" Dropbox and other cloud services are used because they are useful. Rather than depriving the individual employee of useful services, find services the business as a whole needs but doesn't realize it needs. I don't think Google would be too interested in providing that service, but I don't see why someone else couldn't do it. At some level though, a Google Docs that's restricted to the office or campus is strictly less useful than old-fashioned docs on your laptop's harddrive, edited by normal GUI editors. Would any user want to use that service? In general, I think you have start mistrusting employees more, though. If an employee can't be trusted not to attach rightfully-secret data to email without heroic IT efforts to prevent that scenario, maybe that employee can't be entrusted with the data period. The old "firewall" method of implicitly trusting everyone on staff with pretty much everything is quite inappropriate for most business situations. Just to clarify: are you more concerned about the Googlebot reading your documents to sell you consumer products than you are about employees attaching business or customer data to email or shared docs? Because I'm operating with a much different threat model. Email is not and never has been secure. It is sent in plaintext unsecured from one unauthenticated mail server to the next. The moment the user attaches data to an email the game is over and we have lost. Sensitive data must be kept in systems that are designed to store sensitive data, and which do not have a "forward to my gmail account" feature. That's how IT can be relevant: provide that system. You might prompt the business to reclassify some formerly sensitive data as rubbish they're allowed to play with, but then their fingerprints will be all over the corpse.