Charge them a dollar per line? I'm 35 and I just recently started trying to turn what had been a hobby into something that pays. I harbor no illusions about ever making decent money at it though. TRS-80 Color Computer 2, represent. I work with PHP and javascript so I already knew I was scum... I want to. I do have a ton of for-the-love projects which seemed impossible when I started, that i've learned a lot from, failure by failure. I've even got an app I'm building in Laravel (and this is the last you'll likely hear about it.) Unfortunately with where I'm at right now it's just been scutwork that puts gas in the car. I might even take a cs course this year assuming it's possible to get the loans. I'm still paying off an art degree though. By the way never get an art degree. Interesting, and nice design. I'd like to be able to add my github and behance.net profiles as well if I can. Those would reflect my skills a lot better than would my facebook. Also I don't really like that my username seems linked to whatever my email address was -- I should be able to display my real name, and if I can change that I haven't found where yet. What is the user ID for and why is it listed in my profile? I would like to know a bit more about how you're handling payment, and dealing with conflict and arbitration. Can I connect my paypal account? Is there some kind of escrow thing like elance uses? Couple more things. Why is it linked to my facebook account? I don't remember ever opting in for that. How do I unlink it now because my facebook account is not a business account. For that matter, how much control do I actually have over what you pull from my accounts? - Can I delete anything you add and unlink any accounts I link? - Can I opt not to synchronize my accounts or lock my profile at a certain state? - Can I delete my entire workio account if I want, and if so, what if anything does workio retain of my data? Fair enough. I would rather the site showed me that it discovered the account/data and then gave me the option to include it or not, that would have seemed a bit less intrusive. The assumption that it's automatically stuff I want on that profile may not be true. I may not want to present that particular name or profile pic, or deal with not accepting friend requests from clients. I did teach myself enough Perl to write what was possibly the worst flat-file bbs script ever, ages ago on Tripod. >_> I assume this means that if Romney wins everybody gets a raise? Github has standards? Uh oh. Everybody wanna be Michaelangelo, don't nobody wanna bust rocks. Looking around your apartment for something to pawn for food money. If I wasn't there, I was certainly close while I was in school. I remember how embarrassed I was to have to pawn the tv my mother got me for Christmas, when it was the last thing in the apartment I thought I could get something for. Apart from captcha farming what are the issues with recaptcha? >However, isn't that something of the past? Not even remotely. Adobe Business Catalyst users have been getting hammered with comment spam for months now, it shows up in waves on livejournal and I catch it regularly in my akismet queue in wordpress. I see it everywhere, still. If there's a form, something will try to post a link in it. >I've totally outsourced my blog comments to Disqus That's all well and good until someone writes a bot designed to target Disqus users because of the size of its userbase. Clearly the answer then is to kill all the humans. Look at it this way -- now you get to find another new way to easily beat comment spam. And then another. And then another... Some terms could use further disambiguation. For instance - 'lance armstrong' brings up lance, arms (but not arm) and armstrong (which is apparently an airport in Louisiana) but not Lance Armstrong. Cobra brings up the snake, the Cabinet Office Briefing Room but not the insurance plan. Still, it is pretty cool. skeleton + twig + laravel = no complaints. Great. Now make a big blue button to write the app for me as well, and a green one to send me all the money. Maybe a naive question/response on my part but why not rather encrypt it and hold it in a session? Or if you have to put something in a cookie, just a reference that points to some data on the server like an id, which has no real meaning to the end user? I meant storing it on the server - just preferring not to have any actual cc data on the cookie, even obfuscated or encrypted. It may be a distinction without a difference, though, I honestly have never dealt with anything more complex than your basic 'hash username and password and check the hash when they login' scheme. If it works, then it's genius and next month everybody does it. If it doesn't work, then there's still nothing pathetic about believing in yourself and trying to make yourself heard above the din. The worst that could happen is she doesn't get a job - not an unheard of situation to find oneself in. At the very least, the data (encrypted or no, but it should probably be encrypted) on the server related to a session lives outside the webroot, whereas in a cookie, even if it is encrypted, it's still essentially public. If there's no reason to have that data, explicitly, exposed in the client then why put it there? There are some sites for which exposing visitor IPs might present problems. I don't think php.net is one of those sites though. She's a kinetic interface engineer. I used to code in Notepad ages ago when I didn't know any better. It was ok, but for some weird reason now and then when I would save a file all of the linebreaks would disappear. I've never found out if that was an issue with notepad or windows or just some random dumb thing i was doing or what but I can't even touch it now. Notepad++ with its syntax highlighting is awesome. To be fair (and a pedant) that was for the sake of melodrama. The computers exploded in a shower of sparks during battle for the same reason. Rule of cool. I don't see how this proves the premise that 'radical christian' ethics are unique compared to non-christian or, presumably, non-radical christian ethics. In my opinion, this seems to undermine its own validity by invoking the ideals of a pagan philosopher to express the idea. edit: sorry, just realized it might not be your site being linked to so I rephrased my comment. But isn't it no longer Christian if you do? Where is the Biblical principle that "virtue is the mean between two vices?" And if you can adequately frame radical Christian ethics this way, doesn't it suggest that the ethics themselves are not Christian but human, and aside from the particular cultural and mythopoeic trappings of radical christianity, not even really fundamentally different? If so, different from what, and to what value? Let me use as an example the dilemma stated in the article, and the conclusion reached using the "radical Christian" metric: This leads us to our second option: redefining which spectrum of vices and virtues we use. Let’s imagine the classic thought experiment against pacifism: Someone is attacking your grandmother; do you fight the attacker or do nothing? By the standard metric above, only a coward would not fight. The courageous man—the virtuous and ethical man—would clearly fight. But I make decisions based on a different metric. On the one hand, I weigh my responsibility to the victim, and on the other hand I weigh my responsibility to the perpetrator. The virtuous person under this schema is the one who is able to treat both of them with perfect love; the vices are excessively favoring one side at the expense of the other. That is, the virtuous man intervenes but in a nonviolent way to stop the attack. Surely the thesis can't be that only a 'radical Christian' would be able to adopt this point of view? The final paragraph says "radical Christians tend to adopt this perspective" but where is the evidence that non-radical Christians of a pacifist nature tend not to? The provided charts don't really cut it. I'm worried about the other 99x if I decide to crank one out... Construct 2 uses Box2d and Easel.js I believe.. I've seen a number of html5 game tutorials on tutsplus for easel.js but they mostly seem to be "copy what the dev did step by step" as opposed to really explaining things well. Still this might be worth looking at. I'm wondering how long it'll take for someone to print acid on it. It's linked to a pastebin... should be obvious what's likely to be there. fair enough then. Nice, but what is the save button supposed to do, it doesn't seem to be working for me. did I get a downvote for that? why? It would be nice if there were something like a live preview. Also the aspect ratio is sometimes thrown off by resizing the images. Maybe set it up as a canvas editor in front (to allow for things like cropping and resizing the background) and send the data uri to the server? You'd be able to display true cmyk on an e-ink display wouldn't you? Or am I completely off on that? let's burn down the observatory so this never happens again! That is true... but there are designers who don't have better ways to make money out there so I wouldn't necessarily discount these sites completely. He would probably have better luck looking for local designers first, someone with which he can build a rapport. Is it possible to use just the alert features and disable the open/close mechanism? My first impression -- being able to open a deadbolt with a text message seems like a bad idea (sooner or later it has to become hackable) but knowing, remotely, when someone's knocked or used the deadbolt seems really useful. In this particular case, keeping track of the similarity between posts might have helped. There's no legitimate reason to post the exact same content several times that I'm aware of. Post quoting might end up being an issue though. You're right, I did. My mistake then. Still a newb. > I see it as an intermediary step on the path to totally rethinking doors and physical access in general. I don't believe doors and physical access in general need to be rethought, except maybe to improve the security of physical locks themselves. The 'big dumb thing between you and my stuff you'd need a sledgehammer to get past without a key' model has mostly worked for a good long while. (Or, fine, a crooked bit of wire if you're clever.) Why does that need to be disrupted? I suppose you're right to a degree when it comes to supermarket doors and some car locks, the idea that things should be so connected is certainly already present, and there's no reason to expect it not to saturate wherever it can. But there would remain real value to the low tech approach for a number of reasons. Physical locks are less expensive than networked locks would be. Networked locks would be subject to the vulnerabilities that come with being connected to the internet and being run by software, whereas physical locks wouldn't. I think Bruce Schneier said 'complexity is the enemy of security' (if not I'm sure I'll be corrected) and the analog stupidity of physical locks is what makes them useful. Although granted, physical locks can be hacked too, and are, I'd submit that the networked variety would likely be no less vulnerable to physical attack, and still more vulnerable to attacks over the network (so, implicitly, less secure.) A ubiquitous system for locks that somehow can identify you by proximity, can also be used to track your movements and whereabouts. Networked locks could be theoretically controlled from a remote location, leaving someone else to act as, essentially, the systems administrator for your physical access privileges. This is what they do in prisons. Applying the concept of separating someone from direct control over their physical access-space to a large scale, and it looks a bit ominous - at least if this assumes these network locks are also commonplace on cars, houses, hotel rooms, hospital rooms, etc. This is not even considering what happens when power goes out, or the network goes down. Physical locks still work without electrical power, and the tumblers only care about the piece of metal that's currently jammed into the slot and whether it moves the pins properly... principle of least privilege. I can see this sort of thing becoming somewhat more commonplace but I also see its spread as self-limiting. E-books aren't going to replace physical books, the internet isn't going to replace television, which hasn't replaced radio, which hasn't replaced theatre. In each case, the newer version of the technology does provide their own advantages and enhancements of the medium but not to the degree that the older, less complex version no longer has relevance. The future is never going to be that evenly distributed, this I believe. In a hundred years, some people might be genetically engineered posthuman cyborgs linked to a quantum hivemind, but someone, somewhere, will be living in village of mud and stone. People will still use physical locks because there's no real reason for most people not to. They could theoretically still work in a hundred years. Software doesn't age nearly as well as a steel bar through a door jamb. Someone please write a php interpreter in Python and call it "Phyton" just to spite this guy. Please? > Our bodies are designed to be in this reality and this is (presumably) what feels most natural to us. You would have to design humans to accept that reality, perhaps. I've believed all sorts of utterly incorrect things about myself and my reality while i've been dreaming, and not noticed the fluid nature of that experience until i woke up -- but that's because I had another state to wake up to , and some structure or system in my brain that differentiates between dreaming and waking stimuli, and prioritizes the latter over the former. Genetics can be altered, and with them, what the brain expects to be real. so.... it's a forum.