I'd say it's more of a security concern than anything. The thinking being that you don't want a potentially disgruntled employee with little to potentially lose have access to your systems. If you're interested in the big data side of things there's Spark ( http://spark.apache.org/ ) and MLlib for it ( http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/ml-guide.html ). H20 ( http://www.h2o.ai/ ) also provides ML algorithms on top of Spark (and I think independent of Spark as well, not sure of the current status). These are all written on the JVM either in Scala (Spark) or Java (H20). The first question is what you want out of life, do you want to be manager, and executive, a technical lead or do you want to be purely technical? All four offer promotion paths at large and (increasingly) small companies although staying technical will hit an age issue eventually. They are also very different tracks. That said, it sounds like you want to be an executive and let's say one at a larger company (ie: not a paper executive but an actual one). The skills you need for that are going to be leadership, management, charisma, politics, and networking. Since you're not going the technical track your technical skills are secondary at best. You want a nice title on your resume so pick a top company and join there. Find a manager who is not afraid of your ambition (a career middle manager will likely be, find someone with ambition), act like a leader and get promoted. This will give you pedigree while also teaching you about politics and management. You will eventually hit diminishing returns. Then, like the people you mentioned, jump to a startup as one of the founders or the person running it. This will teach you how to be a standalone leader, build up a network, and give you some executive-ish experience. It's vital you have the skills at this point to impress people at first impressions and maintain a networking relationship with them. Then either get acquired by a larger company or switch after a while using your network to find the new position. That's nothing new, if you pay $1million (or $500k depending on the area of investment) then you can essentially get a green card as it is: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EB-5_visa That seems a pretty standard stack, I don't know about twitter but I can say why I'd use them in my experience: 5. SQL variants: This is where you keep your source of truth data needed to serve request. It's flexible, reliable but moderately fast. The backbone of your infrastructure and you can consider everything else as enhancements to it to overcome specific limitations. 4. Blobstore: Your SQL database is not going to be good at storing large binary blobs such as files or images. 3. Redis/Memcache: Your SQL database may be too slow for some requests and/or it's data model may require too much work in the API layer to align with the final presentation model. So you want a blazing fast store that you can use for that final presentation view when requests don't differ from each other. 2. Graph: SQL databases aren't the best for graph queries or data (I mean you can hack it but it's going to be slower and uglier code wise) so if you need to look at data as a graph something dedicated makes sense. 1. Hadoop: You're getting lot's of log data from users, what they do, when they do it and so on. You want to analyze this data, build models (who to recommend for people to follow for example) and use it to probably serve ads (gotta pay the bills somehow). You could put this in SQL but it's a lot of data and you'll be doing a lot of read requests which will end up being slow and messy in SQL. Hadoop, on the other hand, is well suited for this type of data and workload. Large slow read heavy queries on data that is appended to but not modified in place. Why would the cost go up if more food isn't eaten? >I guess they weren't risk-averse enough in their operations though, so I'm glad I didn't get through. It sounds like it would have been an uphill battle all the way to make changes to keep things sane. I think they were risk averse which is the problem except they were judging against the wrong candidate profile. The risk adverseness meant they never hired anyone who diverged from their incorrect profile. As others have said, abrasiveness isn't a virtue especially in a role that requires others to change their behavior. There are in fact diplomatic ways to convey the same information which have a much higher chance of causing others to listen and getting everyone to adopt new processes. That someone is diplomatic and knows/care about their stuff are not mutually exclusive. That said, depending on their interview process they may be selecting out candidates who even diplomatically disagree about the existing ops processes which results in less than stellar hires. How is this any different from native code? Afaik, you can access the native compiled source code of an app on a jailbroken phone. Sure it's more of a pain to parse through but security through obscurity isn't security. >A society can't function if more than 10% of the population is in distress and that's exactly the purpose of insurance, the many helping the few, not the other way around. Who says you're going to get a random sampling of the population? Those more prone to needing insurance money are going to be more likely to sign up and thus drive that 10% much much higher. >Chrome has a built in spell checking service - which happens to send keystrokes up to Google. AFAIK it's enabled by default. I just checked, it's off on my install of Chrome so likely it' not on by default. The regular spell check is purely local. >if tech is a meritocacy then why are most jobs made through social connections? How do you judge someone in a meritocracy? Interviews? Not reflective of actual work. Also trivial to bias in favor of one group due to culture fit elements. Short term projects? Exclude people who have limited free time (generally the more senior/older ones). Resume? Trivial to lie on. References? How do you know the reference is competent? Social connections are merely another, imperfect, attempt to judge someone's merit. Specifically you trust the judgement of someone whose merit you have already proven in an actual job environment. Why do you assume that VCs don't know this rather than assume that the market creates forces which make them not care? I'd guess there is more money floating around than there are startups which meet all the metrics. Thus there's investment in riskier ventures (remember it doesn't matter if any startup succeeds as long as the fund comes out on top as a whole). Moreover startups which do have all these metrics may have many competing VCs which in turn lowers the return for the VC. >Most current trends seem to be towards increasing baggage. (docker) I'd disagree, docker for example makes it easier to create infrastructure as code which in turn makes it easier to replace pieces of that infrastructure. Same with micro-services which allow you to eventually replace isolated pieces of your infrastructure. The more modular and isolated pieces of code and infrastructure are the easier they are to replace piecemeal. Sadly Backblaze fails the main criteria of my mental checklist: * Can it backup linux machines? They basically fired their whole US engineering team from what I understand: https://www.reddit.com/r/Crunchyroll/comments/5oug4a/apparen... The issue is also one of false-positives. Even if you could spot fake accounts 100% of the time if you also flagged 1% of legitimate accounts as fake by that approach then it's non-viable. Remember that at Facebooks scale a 1% false-positive rate means 20 MILLION accounts. That's too much to even try sending for manual review. >If you're going to take a dump on the street, litter or shoot up drugs and leave your gross needle laying around, that absolutely should 100% be illegal. This doesn't have to do with being homeless, and everything to do with having bad manners without consequences for your actions. And now you're paying 10x as much to house them in a jail while probably increasing their chances of future illegal activity. Good luck getting anything else to actually stick to people suffering from a mix of medical issues, mental illness, and addiction. >Once you’re coordinating groups of people you need a manager to keep them working together towards a common goal. No, you need someone to coordinate them. It does not need to be your manager. Plenty of matrix and matrix like organizations which have split the two. Managers just need to enforce who that person is and resolve people (not product or business) disputes. >There can be advantages in that the developers more often can do the tasks passably well enough that you can spread tasks around, but if it's not accounted for a lot of the time people are fooling themselves when it comes to the costs. It is cheaper than hiring a full DevOps team which is a better apples to apples comparison. By spreading the load across the dev team I can automatically get a high bus factor and 24/7 hour on-call rotation. If the load cannot be spread across the team but requires specialized DevOps engineers then I lose both those very important points. Obviously once your company is large enough it's different but for small teams/companies it is an important factor. >I mentioned that approach, yes. But it can backfire if the team member is makes big mistakes. The non-technical manager will have a hard time identifying bad decisions before they blow up. Why do you assume an out of date and no longer practicing manager will have a better chance of catching errors than causing them? There is a reason you hire experts and that reason is not so you can ignore them. If you're afraid of a single point of failure then you foster a collaborative blame-free culture where the engineers cross check each other. I've had managers who would agree with you and generally they were bad managers who hadn't realized they were no longer Senior ICs. My experience agrees although proper management training/mentoring can alleviate some of the issues. However the timeline I've experienced is different: * You have a great engineer or lead who knows the project inside and out * They are promoted to management. * They still know the project inside and out plus were recently coding so they dictate how things are done technically. It works great. * They get put on a new project which they don't know inside and out. * They dictate how things should be done technically because it worked for them in the past successfully. It works horribly. >most of the room follows my instructions Be aware that this works only because you were technical lead of the project and recently active in a hands on capacity. It will likely fail you once you are on a new project that you don't know technically and your skills are years out of date. So learn to find, trust and nurture the experts on your team instead. >One very simple thing they could do that might be helpful is provide an easy to understand guidebook for understanding the quality of various healthcare providers. Sort of a Michelin guidebook for healthcare Define quality. I think more broadly people just don't think as much as they should about what they really (and realistically) need in a hire and if their hiring process actually selects for that. To me a Senior Engineer is one I can trust to implement a successful project end-to-end with minimal hand holding. In some environments that means technical leadership or project management over a team. In others it may mean being a domain and tech stack expert who can do it themselves. Other times it's someone who can quickly jump into a new domain and get things done. >Calculating the value of your data is pretty easy actually. No it's not. You're mixing up the value of the data with the value of your attention. The world has made a killing off of advertising long before personalization came about so saying it's all due to personalization is a bit silly imho. It's not like advertising didn't exist before the internet so blaming the tech giants solely for it's impact on society seems odd. They didn't create advertising, they simply took away advertising money from other mediums. Google made plenty of money from search and search advertising before personalization. By that logic an ad in a travel magazine is using your personal data. I personally wouldn't consider search ads with no data being stored or user level history being used as not being personalized or user targeted. They're to me no different from an ad in magazine or a static banner ad on a web page. Presumably they purposefully hired those VR engineers in the first place in which case they should have just hired more Security engineers. >You have two sub-problems here. Either you take endpoint security very seriously (which becomes its own much more important bullet point), or you trust employees to encrypt their devices on their own. This process should be entirely automated. My concrete criticism: mention this problem alongside endpoint security. Do you have any recommendations for endpoint security? I'm setting that up now and finding a good vendor has been annoying. >Precisely how are your engineers reviewing “basic” security without basic qualifications? There are standards and checklists for this (ie: OWASP Top Ten). Being able to read and follow a simple checklist, that someone recommends to you, doesn't mean you're even close to an expert in that area. That said, the OWASP Top 10 includes "Logging and Monitoring" on it while this checklist punts it to Series A, so it's confusing. Infrastructure as Code is a useful thing and this is essentially building on top of that idea. For example, you can spin up an exact copy of any environment automatically including all software running on it. If something utterly takes out an environment you can spin up a new copy of it and be certain it's identical to what was there before. You can rollback and manage multiple pieces of software at once if there's dependencies between them. You have an automatic and immutable audit log of who did what and when. Using git you can keep track of all infrastructure related changes in one place instead of trying to piece together information from multiple sources when debugging. She's was a Sysadmin at Facebook from what I can tell. Interesting, they used to have Wikipedia data and now it's gone from the list, anyone know why? >Candidates pair with members of the engineering team, and work together on problems/projects in the actual CircleCI codebase. This seems like it'll bias to those who can quickly ramp up on a new code base in an unfamiliar environment. Which, in my mind, is a distinct skill from being able to contribute quality code to a code base you already know. I wonder if this is known and acknowledged bias or not at CircleCI. I totally agree that everything introduces bias, I was more wondering if this was intentional/understood bias or accidental bias. I wonder if this just means they know so much about people from first-party data they've collected (including their share buttons on other sites) that the additional performance gains from third-party data weren't worth much. In which case you've now built a centralized medical record storage system. And since people lose their keys all the time and you don't want that to cause them to lose all their medical records you also now have access to their medical records in plain text. Interesting, in the US credit cards have much stronger protections and essentially any fraud is fairly trivial to get a charge back for in my experience (merchant eats the cost) without any impact on you. With debit cards fraud will drain your bank account instantly so there's less incentive for anyone to fix it (it's not their money in limbo). I also believe, but may be wrong, that up to fairly recently there were also stronger legal protections on credit card fraud versus debit card fraud. >You don't find Kubernetes needlessly complicated? Do you actually need Docker or Kubernetes? They make life easier in my experience especially if you need something more than a simple self-enclosed application. For what I do we need Apache Spark, Airflow (which in turn uses RabbitMQ and Celery if you want to scale out), possibly JupyterHub (which also needs some way to spin up child servers), and then the application code itself. I've wired some of it up myself in the past and it's a massive pain in the backside with lots of edge cases (Spark used to have a shitty massive python script for cloud deployments which always was missing something). Deploying it on Kubernetes with Docker on the other hand is rather simple. I basically trade the complexity of Kubernetes/Docker for the complexity of custom deployment/scaling/management code. In my experience, the code quality of the former is going to be much much higher than the code that an internal DevOps team outputs. Which you'll likely want with any DB since analytics workloads are very different than the usual production DB workloads. Why? Technically speaking, simple ETL is easy to automate and not too much maintenance headache. Twitter is arguably successful so why would you consider their decision to be folly? It worked for them. Startups have limited resources. If you devote them to solving tomorrow's problems then you'll be beaten by someone who devotes their resources to solving today's problems. Which is neither json or yaml... It is however the push recently in Spark seems to be for better/faster Python support more than anything else. Probably because Databricks makes it's money from it's hosted notebooks environment which caters more towards non-engineers (who in turn would be more put off by having to learn Scala I'm guessing). I've used it for the last month+ now and it's not quiet there yet. Setup via terraform was mostly fine although the default subnet sizes were too small (since the networking layer seems to over-allocate IPs you only get 30% of the IPs usable for pods). The metrics backend is broken so metrics based auto-scaling of pods doesn't work. Also, r5 nodes aren't supported by the networking plugin since someone forgot to add them into it. User authentication for access to EKS is somewhat awkward. Also, the user role that creates the EKS cluster has magic admin access which I can't find a way to control. Because someone figured that they will make the most profit at that price point taking costs into account. Keep in mind that there are also presumably per student costs for things like grading assignments, exams, virtual office hours, etc. edit: Profit as institution, not just on this program, devaluing their in-person MS programs by charging very little for the online version would be a net negative in profit for example. Most likely tracking down what originally populated the variable and how it's used. I'm assuming the code base was large and spaghetti like. I'd say it's somewhat akin to proving a negative. Sure you get that it's a const, reference and function argument which likely refers to the Last Name Column. However is that all it is? Or is there more meaning in the name? Meaning that could be crucial to understanding how the application functions? Does one of the characters mean function reference or does it refer to something else? Apparently not in this case but how can you know without investigating?