From the "What you can do" section at the bottom: 3. Purchase a unit and/or encourage others who are able, to do so. Sounds like a scam. Any real breakthrough would be pushing to get major funders on board via trails, demos, etc, and not appealing to a blog reader to buy a unit. The author doesn't really expound why 1password wouldn't work. It's available for Mac/Win and integrates nicely with FF, IE(Win), Chrome and Safari(Mac). That software is indispensable to me, as I often login to numerous dev and test instances of webapps in addition to my shopping and forum sites... I can now have long, secure passwords/phrases that are autogenerated. In addition, with dropbox, I have 1password distributed on all my devices. I avoid the Google problem he mentioned by using separate browsers (ie, FF for work, Safari/Chrome for personal) or separate computers/devices (I only really use Facebook on my mobile). If multiple instances of a particular browser is desired, something like http://fluidapp.com/ or Mozilla Prism could be used to segregate the profiles. In short, the author ignores existing products and is re-inventing the process. Agreed. Any time I can ditch the password, I do. Certs are a pain in the ass to setup, though. SSH without passwords is pure freedom. IIRC, isn't this the case with Google as well (with the triumvirate holding 1/3 each of the voting shares)... the public shares aren't voting shares at all. Look, you don't mention Chrome as your one and only browser, and yes, 1password for Chrome isn't as integrated as for Safari/FF, but you can still use the "CMD-\" to login quite well... what specific issues are you running into? I've simplified your 5-step process to: 1) Click logout on site 2) CMD-backslash 3) If I have only one account, no step 3, otherwise, choose the account for the site I want to use from a dropdown navigable by arrows 4) Browser back button (or keyboard equivalent) to go back one page. Honestly, I agree that the whole issue of managing several accounts on a given service is quite weak anywhere you go... the fact that website/services think you should be limited to one account goes well back before the web (credit cards nubmers per servicer, home phone lines, physical addresses)... in all of these categories it's very easy to assume a given user will only have one account (and it's true for 95% of the populace). Given the virtual nature of the web, it's sad that web services fall into this trap as well (e.g. trying to run several power e-trade pro sessions for different accounts on the same box is an exercise in frustration). You still haven't commented on usage of SSBs like Mozilla Prism for separate site/account combos (apparently, Prism is the only SSB that separates the cookie cache). Hmm... so you can publicly share your mp3s and videos? Haven't we heard of this before (mp3.com)... I wonder how they'll deal with "infringement" cases from the media cartel? As a current dropbox user, I'm a bit concerned about this functionality (since by default public means public but unlisted, it can still be shared). Hope these guys did a bit of homework here. I really like the dessert "structures" - highly informative in a "Good Eats" kind of way. Either they don't get it, or their external message is all you're hearing. If they're not worried about Facebook, they're silly. If Facebook reinvents search (ie, search+trust-web = social search), Google just became Yahoo. Investors have a herd mentality. The whole premise of the article is flawed. Middle-class folks want jobs that can't easily be outsourced so they can build careers and lives from it. Not everyone is cut out to be an entrepreneur, and selling more SUVs and mining more coal isn't going to be enough for the 21st century. > When I can't get something right, I keep on trying. Maybe not always a good idea. I'd say it's a good idea, as long as it's core to what you're doing... if in the case of Dropbox, it was an ancillary feature, it's good to cut your losses. If it's part of your core business model - get it right. So the real reason it failed is because it was a purely technical solution and didn't have a canonical usability example? Or maybe that big sites like Facebook decided it would remove the monetization opportunities by creating their own universal login? Very nice tool. It's a good meme/idea generator as well. Suggestion: make a "random" mode (ie, random participle and location for each of the 5 suggestions) and default it. My take on the .com vs. not: do both (ie, shoely.com and shoe.ly)... not like it's a significant cost. The .com is essential because some browsers still auto-default that extension. No one is saying he isn't smart. Trust comes from two things fundamentally: capacity and compassion. If someone is smart but they've made a deal with folks who are trying to rob you, they are not trustworthy. Jon just proved that the only thing that matters to (admittedly bright) Cramer is Cramer. Viewers should have kicked his ass out by ignoring his show. What about I don't want to pay for 3G, and don't want it? Xoom is not an option... I already pay for a mobile data account (with tethering)... why pay for another account? Furthermore, iPad 3G requires no contract. No, there is no real iPad competitor yet. Disagree. It's the whole point of the page, so it isn't excessively redundant if you say it more than one way... I'd just put a single column that's a different color (ie, green) for the best day, maybe with an embedded checkmark or some other indicator for the color blind. Google "comparison chart" and see how multiple" rel="nofollow">http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://printgreener.com/... facets can inform a viewer in a simple way. Wow. This is nice and great timing for Valentine's day. The concept is very well done. Agree with RBr, trust is absolutely required. Why do you need friend list data for the FB login? Are you sure you don't have facebook blocker? I had to turn off that Safari extension in order for this site to work. One of the major challenges I see is that casual users won't be rewarded if there's no love coming back. How do you keep the edge-users (who may not any replies) engaged and feeling... adored? The "reverse search" use case is basically a categorical analyzer similar to how some fraud-detection mechanisms work at credit agencies. There's probably a killer app somewhere that could use this feature. The iPhone makes complete sense. The standard 2-year phone contract keeps the (non-fanatic) customers happier... their 2 year contract would only mean skipping one product release without paying the $200 premium. The iPad... might see faster than 1-year cycles because there is no contract, per-se (of course the competitors keep screwing that part up, so maybe not). HP should court Amazon to run a WebOS app-store. Roku revolution sounds better (they were the first fastest innovator in this space). I seriously wonder what Comcast is preparing to do to my 2xroku/appletv household. The merge with NBC doesn't portend well for cable internet rates. WebTV died years ago. I don't think many people really want a modern website on their TV. I wouldn't mind twitter/RSS updates in a side area or Growl box (like a chat box in a FPS), but the web doesn't fare well on the lower-resolution TV; similarly as with mobile devices, websites would have to be redesigned for TV usage. Until the US government spent 10 years pursuing action (back when corporations didn't completely control the govt). 10 years is a eon in internet time. Not to mention, when push comes to shove, a guy can urinate pretty much anywhere. I remember back in my college days when I'd go to the bar restroom and the stalls were being used, the urinal was in use, a guy was peeing in the trash can and another dude was using the sink... I'm pretty sure Microsoft doesn't trust your HTC's anyway because those companies make so much more with Android than WP7. Also, I'm guess Nokia is aiming for the US market only (for now) with WP7. Single market, single OS, hopefully a single model. It just might work. Sadly, were he rewarded with a continuing money stream, he would likely justify the innocent names as "collateral damage" as the money would have been a mark of success. Aaron Barr fancies himself a modern-day witch-hunter, and it's good he was hoisted on his own petard. I don't think 2-factor auth as proposed by Google is designed to prevent man-in-the-middle attacks: http://www.phonefactor.com/man-in-the-middle-attacks In order to prevent MITM, Google would need to have out-of-band verification (not just two tokens processed on the same band). The benefit of Google's method is that a password can't be cached for later use, which reduces the window in which an account can be compromised. He's right, of course, just like Ballmer in 1999 when he caused the stock market to drop 5% by saying something similar... It would have helped to see the mobile icon in context (ie, on an iPhone homepage or dock/shelf)... hard to see the faults with the brightness without seeing the "pudding". Find a way to infect her friend with this info/site. They'll be more likely to influence her than you. So this is not a database, per-se, but a document base? If I have to wrap every data element in a file, doesn't that add overhead? Honestly, what's the benefit to me of this over say, SVN+HTTPS with 10 minutes of config? You're thinking about it the wrong way... bartonfink's issue was that for this issue his input had a conflict of interest. You remove that by getting a separate person to lead the input... which you can reference later on. This is not so different from the standard sales approach of gaining the confidence of an SME on the client side who advises the decision maker. >Of course, over time I suspect console makers will move more and more towards digital distribution for all games, but that won't happen overnight or even any time soon. This is why Gamestop should be finding support (ie, EFF, ACLU, legislators) to safeguard First Sale doctrine for digital purchases: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-sale_doctrine I don't know if they will be successful in their endeavors but if Apple follows through, there will be a backlash. Take Netflix, for example. Does it make sense to provide in-app subscriptions for 30% discounted distributor rate ($8 * 70% = $5.60) when that same account can be used for Roku, etc? No. What will happen is that all these service providers will make an Apple subscription (which has separate features) that won't work with other devices. Balkanization of content channels... this is not consumer friendly. So no more iPod Touch competitor? Perhaps it'll exist, but not be called the Zune HD (and run WP7 Apps). In fact, that would be quite cool (esp. if Nokia is in on this operation). Agree completely about the need for pseudonyms online... If I'm asked for a real name, I'll format a handle that sounds "real" (ie, first last). The Idiocracy hunting down quotes and pictures out of context are part of what necessitates the anonymity. Via which retail store? They need someone to actually sell the product, and Google has no experience with end-customer product sales. That's because doctors and lawyers impact individual lives directly, and often profoundly. Explain how any developer has done this recently. We're hardwired to respect individual stories, not tales of aggregate success (affecting millions of lives in a small positive way)... which is why it's only when those small effects are made tangible by specific personal stories does it sink in. This is why politicians talk about how the impacted the life of some small child or working mother, etc etc.. > Logo: Lisp's adorable 7-year-old niece who likes to play with her toy turtle. On casual conversation, she proves to be disturbingly worldly and well-informed. You resolve not to let your kids play around Lisp's house. Thinking about using Logo in any serious way makes you feel a bit dirty. That was hilarious and disturbing at the same time. You shouldn't wait... who knows when this recession is going to end. Hasn't caught on because it isn't simple. I hardly think dealing with registrars is an activity people relish. Startup Idea? $10B valuation? This is unreal. On what is this valuation based other than "comps"? How did valuation against comparables work to match reality for the real estate bubble? Perhaps this time, it's warranted. Apple's new policy raising the price of all media on all networks? It's possible because Apple is the biggest (by far) tech company in the world. Though if they're looking at Apple, maybe they should look at Amazon also - the do similar things with their suppliers. Ok, lets get serious here. $10B valuation / $250M revenue/year = 40x multiplier. Do people really think that Zynga is going to continue to deliver for years and years to come? So Zynga have $1B revenue/yr by your metric? I somehow doubt they're that high... so hence the more unrealistic multiple based on other unreal valuations (ie, comps). It even pulls up Flash in Safari5 (w/ clicktoflash plugin). Awesome. Static site=low/no vulnerabilities This platform-markup (30%) will affect other players because in order to show any of your content on iOS, you must not just mark up your price, but Apple demands price matching with other markets... that's the uncompetetive part, as that will just raise prices for everyone, unless all those subscription services and content providers ditch iOS en-masse (unlikely). If Apple were to relinquish their price-match requirement (unlikely) or allow apps that had no external store references (more likely), they would not cause such an upheaval in pricing.