I was the one who came up with the "Neo900" name and I can say that the inspiration was from Neo1973 and Neo Freerunner names. As OpenPhoenux, Neo900's umbrella project, has Openmoko roots, and given that "neo" means "new", it seemed pretty natural to name the "new N900" as "Neo900". Maemo is run by community, Nokia abbandoned it completely some time ago. a) The only "hackable" baseband processor that matches what you wrote is TI Calypso, and it doesn't support anything more than basic GPRS speeds. All other modems are locked with crypto keys (TI Calypso also had this ability, but for some strange reason it went out of factory with security checks disabled - that's why its the only modem OsmocomBB works on) From Neo900 project there are plans to support "special orders" from people who want to mount TI Calypso on their PCB instead of standard modem. There was already at least one such request. b) Even if there would be some new project for creating "free modem", replacing a firmware in such device means losing certification, which means that device is no longer legal to operate on public networks. inb4 "I don't live in USA, your silly laws don't apply to me" - no, their don't, but similar regulations are present on nearly any place on Earth. Uhm, ad-hoc? Same. >We are simulated. Actually there is a way to tell if the world you're living in is not a simulation. Our world fails this test. What's the deal with this game anyway? It's nothing new, I was playing games based on exactly the same, pretty popular idea, years ago. What's all the fuss about? I started to read that article on a browser without NoScript installed. It reminded me why I love it so much. If you describe something as "a content site", then implementing it as "single-page app" is ridiculous by definition. Content site is not app. Single-page app frameworks are for apps, not for content sites. Kinda similar in its spirit - here's my curses based adaptation for any vt100-compatible terminal: https://github.com/dos1/flasciibird $20000 out of $40000 and 8 days left... hopefully he'll manage to raise it all. I played it soon after the demo was released and it got me super excited. Feels like Portal - when in some vlog entry the author admited to be a big fan of Portal series I wasn't surprised ;) Facebook at least allows an easy opt-out. Bitcoin is not and never was anonymous. It's pseudonymous by design. Given the state of legal regulations in most of countries in the world, you're probably waiting for some revolution. It's practically impossible to legally use the freedoms given to you by such free modem firmware (theoretically you could send it to certification each time you do something with it). Neo900 project realized that (and the lack of resources to build the modern modem at all - the needed amount is enormous), so instead of trying to make free baseband and failing inevitably, it's going to include some kind of "sandbox" allowing for tight monitoring of everything the modem does. I've got 16384 tile. I have a strange feeling that I might be doing something wrong... >PhoneBloks >product PhoneBloks was just a "product" of designer's imagination, nothing more. All he did was to think about "LEGO-phone" and make a catchy animation describing the idea - the idea that wasn't even unique or new, as similar ones (together with 3D-printed or homemade cases, which were later actually realized) were already appearing few years ago on Openmoko mailing lists triggered by GTA04 motherboard upgrade for Neo Freerunner. Looks exactly like "shallow" mode of BlessN900 app for Nokia N900 from few years ago. It's funny to see how most of the "innovations" in mobile world presented today either by Apple or Google was already implemented on open or semi-open platforms like Openmoko or Maemo few years before. Most of them only as experiments, granted, but still shows what the community is capable of on its own when not putting unnecessary restrictions on it. Well, the only "new approach" I can see here is letting the user decide which part of image should be sharp. BlessN900 camera app for Nokia N900 was doing exactly what this new app does few years ago, but it was choosing the focus point automatically. They can use Nokia brand only for few years, they don't have rights for it. It was known right from the beginning of this selling story that Nokia brand will disappear from mobile devices industry. Only the remaining parts of Nokia, not sold to Microsoft (part working on localization services etc.), will be able to continue to use this name. They have to, they didn't get this brand. They've just got rights to use it for few years together with mobile devices part of Nokia. ...and about anyone not "a US resident with a US shipping address"? :P There are lots of them. Just look at what GTA04 and Neo900 are using (Option and Cinterion). Such project can't accept closed baseband being highly integrated with main CPU and RAM like most of modern smartphones do, so they use ready 3G/LTE modules to move it out as a USB peripheral in CPU perspective. http://neo900.org/ NetBSD and FreeBSD were already ported to Neo Freerunner few years ago, and you actually don't have to start the graphics layer on any OS. You can also already use whatever programming language you like, it runs just a standard operating systems like your desktop do, just compiled to different cpu arch (arm). If there's any BSD running on OMAP3 boards like BeagleBoard, then running it on Neo900 will be trivial and you can do it by yourself. Any documentation needed for more specific support will be public, so you can do that by yourself as well. also, Openmoko is long in the past. Long live OpenPhoenux! :) RPi doesn't allow you to use your own bootloader. You cannot even start it without closed blob, so it's in contradiction to your previous requirements. Neo900 probably won't come with any OS preinstalled, maybe except some Debian based BSP which you'll be encouraged to replace with OS of your choice, as it won't be supposed to be actively used - it will be there for easy testing if all hardware works as it should. It is a small project with very small target audience (currently about 350), so it won't be built to shelf, as there's simply not enough money to do that; therefore if you eventually want it you should express your interest now by donating at least 100 EUR, so you'll be counted on component sourcing. Donation will act as a rebate on the price of the device when it's out (in few months). More details: http://neo900.org/#donate Where to buy? Straight from its manufacturer, of course. There's also GTA04 - http://gta04.org/ - which is already out for few years, but now it's unfortunately hardly obtainable and it seems like there's not enough interest from customers to do next production batch (well, most of potential customers probably were stolen by Neo900 :P). Neo900 is based on GTA04 and produced by the same company. And of course there's also old good Openmoko Neo Freerunner, which despite of being massively underpowered, meets all requirements you mentioned. It should be still available at some retailers, like Golden Delicious Computers, Pulster or IDA Systems. Also, you might want to look at MIPS-based Qi-Hardware Ben NanoNote. It's not a phone, but it also meets your requirements and it's available (though supplies seem to be near end, so you better hurry if you decide that you want it. AFAIK Pulster and IDA Systems still have it, but you can count remaining units with hand). I don't know if someone launched any BSD on it, but I can't see why it shouldn't be possible. So, to make it clear, every device I mentioned so far in all my comments, except Neo900, already went on sale. With Neo900 it's a matter of few months. From future devices also worth noting, there's DragonBox Pyra, an OpenPandora successor, which will also provide optional modem (the same like in Neo900 btw - those two are actually sister projects, sharing some developers). The only thing Raspberry Pi is better than any of those devices is price, but when you'll count money and time spent on making Raspberry Pi an acceptable option when operating on battery, this probably won't be true anymore. >(because that's all that exists) Well, that's not true. Neo Freerunner and GTA04 both exist and Neo900 will soon join them. None of them needs any bizzare "rooting" and if you want to port some OS to them you're ready to go. All you need to have that's not openly available to everyone for free is a device. Of course they all have some flaws, but as a consumer you do have a choice. Also, GTA04 and Neo900 should both be perfectly capable to run Firefox OS. Work on this UI started long before Chrome. That's Chrome that looks like Firefox mockups, not the other way. Actually, after trying NoScript not long ago my web experience dramatically improved. Where I need to enable JS I can do it in two clicks, while where I don't have to, everything is faster and not cluttered with useless stuff. I like it! AdBlock slows down the browser. I recommend Privoxy. I'm often using different browsers on different devices and only some of them have NoScript installed, and from my experience I can tell that usually if something doesn't work without JS, it's perfectly visible that it's broken until you whitelist it. I can also tell via tiny toolbar that something is blocked on the site, so if it doesn't include lots of analytics or social media cruft then I usually just unblock it on any pages that focus on useful content. Before I actually installed it, I had the same concerns like you described, but the reality showed that it's moot, and the advantages were even higher than expected, so I sticked with NoScript :) My Dell Vostro 2520 seems to match all those requirements, but I added SSD by myself. Of course Openmoko. I'm using Openmoko Neo Freerunner, but often also carry Nokia N900, which is nicer for web browsing and writing thanks to hw keyboard. I'm looking forward to replace them both with Neo900. And what's more - modem often has full access to the main RAM without CPU control. It has the ability to read or even manipulate every bit of any executable or data you run on CPU without you knowing anything about it. And even if someone doesn't care about NSA and stuff, modem firmwares are often ridiculously buggy and easy to exploit, so go figure... While producing free radio chip is practically impossible due to both economical and legal reasons (the closest you can get to it is OsmocomBB running on old 2G TI Calypso modem, and the only reason it exists is that TI Calypso has mysteriously disabled checking of firmware signature even thought the functionality for it is present...), there are devices that mitigate the risks by connecting the modem as a "slave" (for instance via USB - this might impact the performance and battery life, as CPU is busy copying data from/to the modem, but it's way more safe than DMA access) or even implement "modem firewalls" that monitor any modem activity and alarm if it does something when it wasn't supposed to do it. Neo900 ( http://neo900.org/ ) is such project and soon there should be a longer article about this modem firewall solution published. That's why there are devices like Neo900, where technically you're a software vendor - just like on your PC. Firefox OS has exactly the same problem that Android has. Android is open and free and all, but most of the devices out there don't give the user this freedom at all. Firefox OS has exactly the same problem - Mozilla does not enforce by any way that the officially branded FxOS implementation should be open. Most of FxOS phones to date, maybe except Geeksphone, are simply closed and need some ridiculous rooting or unlocking in order to just reflash them with newer version of FxOS. Just look at GTA04/Neo900 (and possibly Freerunner too, but it would probably be massively underpowered) - you could run both Android (Replicant) and Firefox OS there without using any single line of closed source line - but that doesn't represent the usual customer experience for Android and FxOS branded phones. So where's the difference? Just like in any 3G USB dongle you attach to your PC (in fact, Neo900's modem operates in exactly the same way). For something as close to "free baseband" as possible, get a Neo Freerunner (or some other phone with TI Calypso) and install OsmocomBB - however, you won't be allowed to use it legally on public networks in most of jurisdictions in the world. There's a closed-source firmware running on your PC mainboard, HDD/SSD/SD card, mouse, keyboard, GPU, Ethernet card... All of it can be rather nefarious. Get rid of the PC? (or simply use phones which connect their modems as a peripherals and implement monitoring, like Neo900, not as a master with DMA as most phones today do) You would still have to trust the manufacturer that it didn't implement fake reporting of well-known signature while in fact using something different. Pointless. That's what you get when using a platform that's not developer, but app store customer friendly. Without breaking into your own device you can't do much with it, so it's hardly a surprise. ZTE Open is as closed and undocumented as your typical Android phone. Dunno about Open C, but I wouldn't expect it to be any different. The whole freesmartphone.org middleware was initially implemented in Python and there is bunch of Python apps in distros like SHR. Python is great for mobile when it comes to hacking on-the-fly - I actually traced down and fixed few bugs in early Openmoko while getting bored in tram etc. thanks to the most useful parts being implemented in Python. Unfortunately, on Freerunner the difference in performance was very visible - however it shouldn't be as bad on more recent hardware. When I don't want to tinker with my Debian anymore, I just stop doing it and things work the way I left them. That's the main beauty of good Linux distros that keeps me so attached to them - I always can play with stuff, but I don't have to. And when I want to, it's much better choice than OS X for that. That's kinda sad. It always was an issue and still will be for a long time. Neo900 project takes another way to neutralize the modem - by sandboxing and monitoring its activity. This alone probably makes it much more secure and privacy-friendly than Blackphone. Since I've installed NoScript and started using it in similar way as parent described, my web browsing experience improved a lot. Now I only need something similar and easy to use for mobile browsers. It's an example UUID from Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_unique_identifier You can still talk about some project from the past. If you never had any hobbyist pet-project (during studying? while learning first language(s)? before getting a job?), then it's quite likely that you're not the person the author is looking for, no matter if you have or don't have time for a hobby now. Some Adobe Air apps, like the one to fill the tax forms in Poland, require Adobe Reader for form support.