My favorite current series is "The stormlight archive". The world building is very good. I once seen one used in risk evaluation for line of credits From my perspective (not an American, but an Haitian) I think it's based on how much you trust the well meaning of the person behind it. The current social climate is very charged from an outside perspective as privilege is perceived being tied down to ethnicity (For us it is wealth which was correlated to skin color, but not so much nowadays). Our own translation 'nèg' is pretty much synonym to person or dude. and it is widely used. But it does not have much connotation to the actual skin color of the person or his physical appearance. But it is still very uncomfortable to hear the French 'nègre' as this has a widely demeaning connotation (French colonization and slavery). And I think that is why the actual restriction took place. If you're black and say the N word, it is unlikely to be demeaning, but if you're caucasian, there is a lot of past events that is not in your favor. P.S. not a native English speaker. I started using Dropbox paper for these. JIC I need to collaborate on one. I'm always confused by this one. Every hardware company has a monopoly on their stuff. Sony with their PlayStation is a prime example of this. I've never seen anyone says they want to run their own game on it. A lot of people here in my country would say no, that you're wrong. No mobile device for anything, physical presence and cash rule here. Finding good clients is also equally hard 45 minutes is the best for me. Long enough to get in the flow and short enough to not be lost in the flow. I did transition 2 years ago as I got a mac from my job and I was in mobile development. Within a few days I got productive with it although it took more than a year to accept "the mac way". My arch linux was fully customized with i3 and the like. I still miss tiling window manager this day. For me speed reading is more about building a mental model of what I'm currently reading. I was just a reading a light novel (very light reading) and I could skip over entire pages, because when you have that mental scene, skipping pages is like taking off your eyes of a movie for a few moments. You can easily recreate the missing context or read the parts over (akin to asking what you missed). I mostly do this for fiction book, as non-fiction are sometimes too dense to do this. Another trick is to focus on a specific word. Some words I can recognize with the corner of my eyes, I could say. Which means you predict what comes after, and you skip over it and focus on the next word you don't recognize. You go back if what you're predicted don't make sense to what you're currently reading. All of this is just for skimming. I don't read fiction to remember quotes and the likes, so I used it quite a lot there. I can read 2 or 3 books a day that way. While I can remember the majority of the story, I couldn't quote a single part of it. For serious books, I read more carefully, and I revert to subvocalizing, but I'm often done with the sentence with my eyes (using my short term memory) before I even subvocalize the first three words. So it's not really a hindrance, although I have found myself needing to reread a specific part as I otfen speed read over it. Pretty much this. Even if you lock down devices inside your house, they could have friends with looser rules to let them do whatever. It's best to teach them proper behavior than try to enforce them. I only use a few open tabs (3 on my mbp and 4 on my ipad). I only open tab with a specific goal in mind and close it as soon as I’m done. I started with XP with a pentium 2 then move to a pentium 4. It ran perfectly on both. It started even faster than my Linux Mint installation. They were in the start menu. Ads for software and games. There was that candy crush saga game for ages. I do a 6 too. And I can do all kind of imaginary stuff with that red star. Reading a book for me is basically the same as watching a movie. Every scene plays in 3D in my head. Every single scene. Which is why I don't read horror stuff. Too scary. English Tell that to my friends whose main softwares are chrome, office and vlc. Here in Haiti, it’s the electricity issue. If you’re lucky you can get electricity for 6 hour a day. In the middle of the night. That’s why people prefer portable stuff, because you can easily charge them somewhere else (in my native town, there are people that have setup charging stations with batteries and inverter). I once had to learn Perl to implement an algorithm for a proof of concept. It was weird as I was only used to C like programming (and a little bit of assembly) I'm currently using a mac mini 2011 that I got from free from work (it did not support newer xcode and mojave). I'm the only user and have Lychee, Jellyfin, Syncthing on it. Everytime I buy something (usually from Amazon US to Haiti), I had to review several products just to be sure I don't end up with a crap one. You have to buy the expensive one because of the better build quality. I have an two Sennheiser headphones that are still going strong (one is a renewed product) while my friends buying cheaper headphones have already spent more than me. I’d say trying to make a PWA with Push Notifications on iOS. Don’t you think that notifications and all the associated things are what pushing people to iOS? I just export my own website[0] from Bear.app [0]: https://hescaide.me/ The housing situation here is terrible and so fustrating. Due to how often little boys dirty their clothes a lot of them, especially in poor neighborhoods, go naked. And yes, no one bats an eye. Yesterday, I was debugging some code. I had 3 macvim windows, 3 iterm tabs, firefox and the simulator open. That’s just in one space. The others were general browsing, communication and media. As most as I love my iPad, it only works great for single and focused task (note taking, researching, video meeting, drawing,…) In French, it’s faster to say « Cent treize » than « Un, Un, Trois ». Phone numbers in my country are grouped by two. I barely have released the return key after typing mvim and the macvim window is already there. Even Sublime is not that fast. All of the areas you mentioned are heavily regulated. And do GPS require internet connection ? I heard you cannot remove the seatbelt. I can say there is only one or two in Haiti. There are a few fast food, but most people cook at home or only buy dinner out. Reading (mostly SF and Fantasy) Drawing (on an ipad air as buying art supplies is tiring and I’m not that good) I think it’s one of the standard architecture for games. You can do ECS or hierarchical objects any times you need to build a lot of similar objects. It was a long road. I was always interested in crafting things and a curious child. My father has many books and I got interested in the ones about tech and such. But what really helps me is being capable of understanding the theory without the practice. We didn’t have any computer or access to the internet, but I was able to retain a lot of informations from my reading. The actual path started when they bought a laptop for my brother for the university. It came with Windows 2000 and we paid a guy to install XP on it. I quickly became friends with him and learn how to install Windows myself and all the things that it entails. So when one of my close friend had his own laptop, I was mostly the one tinkering with it as I was the “computer expert” in the neighborhood. Then I stumbled into Blender (I was interested in visual arts) then Python after I learnt about the Blender Game Engine. One of the forums that did help me was “Le site du zero”. I was not that good in english and it was one of the best French forums for beginner. I learned Python, then C with their programs. Another good forums was “Comment Ca Marche.net”. They had this program that was basically a wiki with an overview of all the major aspects of computer science. I went to do an electronic engineering degree. But the major time was spent learning more about computers, programming languages, and software engineering. I volunteered for a few projects (one of them got me a personal laptop). But my first paying job was through a friend and with that I realized that I could do it part time to earn some good money. That’s when I signed on Upwork and since then, I’ve worked on several projects that earned me more money than I could have made locally. The journey was more eventful than that, but I think that captures the gist of it. I’m still working as a freelancer. It can get a little bit lonely (I work from home) but I don’t mind as the country is not that stable (I live in Haiti). Streak. It was cheap and a one time purchase and I quite like the design. I also use Things for specific and granular tasks. I’ve also tried the morning/evening routine. It felt too stiff for me. Now I just write what happened during the day and how I feel about it. I write it in English for practice. It’s like letting go of the day’s emotional charge. I discovered linux through a couple of books (mostly about security) in 2008/2009. Then I downloaded linux mint (The gnome version). The only thing I recalled is how beautiful it was, all grey instead of the light beige and green of Windows XP. It felt like soft rubber button and XP felt like the clicky ones. And so many options. I spent days customizing KDE UltraSeedBox (Crappy Internet where I live) - Spotify - Infuse Pro - iCloud I paid yearly for the following: Bear - Drafts - PDF Viewer - 1Password - Playstation Plus - Banktivity - Email and Domains I live in Haiti and people here will readily buy a used Samsung phone for about $100 or a cheap Chinese one for less. Used iPhones can go for $300 or more. iPhone penetration is very low and most people only have the 6 and 7 one. Relevant article: https://www.oreilly.com/radar/thinking-about-glue/ Goodreads https://hescaide.me/ Works better than a resume if you're already communicating with a potential client. Also better when you want friends to refer you. Just don't. It's not worth it. Pretend it was cancelled Namecheap Private Email I don't think the metrics is always speed. I think it is efficiency (quality_of_work.hour). Same thing here. I'm on the iPhone 8 with a 83% battery capacity, and the upgrade would be big as you say. You have to speak it to be more confident. I’ve learned English on my own through books. But until I got my first gig and actively communicating with the client, the speaking part was subpar. You will quickly realize that you only use a small subset most of the time. And native speakers are very patient and helpful if you don’t know how to pronounce a word. N.B. (Speak Haitian Creole and French natively, speak English well and can survive on my own in a Spanish speaking country) I used a cheap silicone case because of the glass (iPhone 8). Without it, the phone just slide on almost anything.