I disagree. It's not a straw man at all. Your assume that A) big things can only ever get done by companies. B)A CEO 'owns' a company's assets. I'll give credit to him for creating and acquiring funding for the organization. I'll give him credit for publicizing his vision. Each and every rocket/car however, was massively subsidized by taxpayer dollars, and made feasible by hundreds of people WORKING TOWARD A COMMON GOAL. The practice of abstracting away hundreds to thousands of people's hard work and financial support, involuntary or not, is disingenuous at best and downright dishonest at worst. Abstraction is evil. Abstraction is what turns "people" into "human resources". And before the inevitable "That's not practical!" or "That's unreasonable!": It really isn't. Most people have just gotten so used to credit for their own work being sacrificed to someone else that nobody points out how incredibly screwed up the practice is. I'm sorry, but you won't get that. That isn't how computer's work. There is no magical "understanding" available through a computer to tell you WHY an error occurred. It is a computing device. It can tell you THAT a problem occurred, and WHAT it was doing at the time. With a debugger, you are free to ask the WHAT question at many points within the program to figure out WHERE the problem is coming from. But the answer to WHY can only be divined by you. Mom had a saying she was fond of: "You must be at least 10% smarter than the piece of equipment." Computers are not smart. They are dumb things that are exceedingly trainable at doing very dumb, repetitive things very quickly. Layer on a bunch of layers of dumb stuff and finding the spot where someone derped becomes very difdicult, very quickly. And what if you don't? When did programming suddenly shift away from "the programmer should be aware of what they are doing?" Hell, I can't count the number of times I've had to troubleshoot bad imports/classpath management brought about by some genius letting his IDE do his thinking for him. Don't know why parent was downvoted... If one can't make the connection between Turing completeness/automata theory and Neuro-cognititive function...think more. I think the question you seem to be asking flippantly deserves more thought than you are giving it. Even if memories are structural, network theory tells us that all parts of a network are not necessarily visible or accessible from all points at all times. The "You" making an executive decision could only be seeing a subset of your entire memory structure. This difficulty can be even more clearly expressed by looking at the how neural networks even work. It's not just structure that determines output. It's a combination of structure and sigmoid function, spread out over time as results of previous computations fine tune the network. You'd have the hardware to run your person on, but you'd have no information on the full informational state stored by which circuits are firing, which are building up to fire, and how fast each one is building up. Even if you did, you'd lack a "reboot" harness capable of generating that state on demand across the entire brain that could both physically share the same space the brain is occupying AND not interfere with the mechanisms by which it operates. What you haven't realized is that your conception of identity has been fine tuned since birth through your use of language to represent "You". Whatever woke up after the theoretical reboot would NOT be the "You" that went into it. It would be "You" to itself. Little more, little less. If you sit down and think it through, you should be able to realize that even if you could build something to do this theoretically, practically implementing it would be a fool's errand courtesy of physics. Namely sensitive dependence on initial conditions, and the Pauli Exclusion Principle. Nevermind the Engineering considerations. How do you measure a successful reboot? What is your error tolerance? Or the sociological/ethical implications. Can the environment/society support you? Could you adapt? Would you even be able to assimilate? Would you bring some sort of toxic ethic or moral taint that the society has considered taboo? Hell, we have kids based on a natural drive endemic to our biology. Now you're talking about placing on our descendants the literal decision of "Should we let this one exist to influence us?" Have you ever noticed that no one ever brings up a company being private until they do something that outrages the public? Well... This is one reason why tech literacy is so critically important. As long as it's a privileged few in the grand scheme of things who can add things to the Internet, it makes it that much easier to control. It's why many countries are so fond of regulating manufacturing. When you strip access to the means of production from the everyman and lock it behind regulatory barriers, it's far easier to control what can and can't be done. Not a pitch for any ideology. Merely an observation. Very insightful. I think this bears additional emphasis. I think you hit the nail on the head. As a society, we've relied on people making shallow surface level laws to correct deep, tangled problems for too long. Our system of laws is in dire need of a good pruning back and rearchitecting. IANAL, but I have been doing legal research for a while now, and when I'm reading law, it is very clear to me at least that when you start looking at law as something systematic, you run into diagrams that would make any system architect have a heart attack. The structures I end up at show a lack of "feed-forward" thinking in their implementations. Namely being structured with little or no thought to consequence, or guidance for interpretation or application built in. For the non-techies who may not be able to understand my comment, imagine implementing something complex like an internal combustion engine, but never writing a manual or communicating it's specifications. That's what I'm getting at. And yes, I'm aware that the legislature specifies executive branch entities to do the administrative law elucidation. However, there are far fewer release valves for bad law in those cases or means for changing overly restrictive guidance. Entities are given carte blanche to pass unchallengable "iron fist" level directives that have no recourse EXCEPT an already over-taxed legislature. It's interesting that you mention that. I have Blue Cross, and I've been dealing with seemingly procedural denials every month for a chronic condition. It's getting to the point where I'm genuinely thinking there is some bad faith activity going on. Just stop, please. The point of journeyman in connection to a trade is as a point on a scale of relative skill and has no meaning in the place of determing the accidental characteristics of the wielder of the title EXCEPT relative competency in the trade. "Man" has been a catch all for human practitioner when who the practitioner is isn't essential to the context. The title of journeyman elevates whomever bears it in the eyes of a trade. It grants equivalence no matter whom it is applied to. If you wish to call yourself a journeywoman, do so. Don't be surprised when the rest of the trade still refers to you as a journeyman. Tools don't care who wields them. And finished works' quality depends only on skill. Not gender. Hate to see of what your views on Bachelor's Degrees are. Nailed it! So... I find this... Odd. So, online marketing seems to be trying to toggle desired functionality out of large audiences. Why does no thought ever seem to go into the opportunity cost of redirected thought? For instance... Most programmers are quite familiar with the phenomena wherein one is interrupted, thus losing track of a sizable mental context that has to be painstakingly rebuilt. Marketing and advertising seems to be BUILT on exploiting this type of interaction though. "Hey! I know you're busy working on that report, but how about a Coke?" Now, as a society, we've accepted small amounts of this over time as in many cases, it hasn't seemed that disruptive. Yet as mass-media has evolved, it is becoming increasingly difficult to tell what is the first class citizen anymore. The "important/desired" content, or the ads. As more and more opportunities are created for injecting advertising, we're seeing a society that seems steered in a direction where our interactions are being increasingly guided by our reaction to media in the environment rather than by the environment itself. Other human "agencies" (translation: businesses) are attempting to replace "human agency" (translation: self-inspired decision making capability predicated upon personal experience) itself as the primary means through which one achieves "a comfortable existence" (translation: living a fulfilling and virtuous life; living a high Quality existence; achieving self-actualization). This article paints a picture of one scenario where this type of externalized agency becomes increasingly problematic. The American Legislature was DESIGNED to be inefficient. This is easy to see when one takes preservation of liberty as a starting point, and then defines the act of legislation as the process by which liberty's definition is refined and bound in order to preserve the societal superstructure of a state while facilitating the state's capacity for action and need to evolve over time. When you apply a highly efficient system for spreading one individual's viewpoint in an emotionally galvanizing way, one detracts from the built in inefficiency of the legislative process, enabling faster implementation of more restriction, but less efficient removal of restriction due to a natural bias against "rocking the boat" endemic to a large portion of the population. I guess for me, this raises a couple big questions. A)Should the output of a legislature be governed by the fact 1000000 people listened to one guy's five minute blurb and regurgitated it to a representative, or should it be because a representative granted a staff with higher access to information has had the time to work through the issue to figure out the least restrictive way to implement a law? B) Should marketing/advertisement be looked at more carefully, and possibly regulated or downgraded to a less protected form of speech due to how easily it can be weaponized? (I.e. Advertising material being restricted in the types of claims it can make such as having to be backed by factual publicly accessible data; Or being restricted in forms and situations in which it can be employed/consumed) C) Is marketing/advertising in its current digital forms even desirable? I'm somewhat disturbed that some of these questions are even seemingly in need of being asked, but the last decade or two is really quite disturbing when looked at through the lens of an individual living in a world just coming into an age of digital marketing and information warfare. Sorry for the wall of text, but this has been bugging me a lot lately. You can't look at it that way. I mean, while that IS a valid approach, you have to also keep in mind that the more you can "go without", the better the position you are in to improve your life. To change requires you not to be running at 100% all the time. You have to find a way to save some oomph for lateral growth when the way up seems to be blocked. Without that oomph, you'll never get out of where you are. Stop quoting that case. That was SCOTUS upholding the right of the government to clamp down on speech that encouraged draft dodging or could even be marginally interpreted as disagreeing with it during wartime. https://www.popehat.com/2012/09/19/three-generations-of-a-ha... It ain't Dred Scott dumb, but it's up there in stupidity and retarded law. Well regulated doesn't mean the feds get to control the details of what the militia can use either. The militia is every able-bodied 18-47 year old. The regulated part implies a command structure which the National Guard provides. So... you know, it occurs to me that none of this would be a problem if people understood two things: A) Computers are tools designed to do whatever the user tells them to do. B) The original architecture of the Internet assumed a network connecting implicitly trusted users Stop trying to mess up a perfectly good tool by making it nigh impossible to work with, and redesign a networking/computing infrastructure that doesn't implicitly trust all users as a fundamental assumption. This type of thing is getting completely out of hand. If you want security SO badly you are willing to sacrifice billions of potential users freedoms to use their hardware as they see fit, coming up with a second "SECTERNET" architecture should be a price you're willing to pay right? This pattern of trying to lock a user out of any tier of control of their own machine reeks of the continuing attempts by companies to deprive users of the privilege of ownership. I realize it may be difficult to see for some, but this is a literal case of the road to Hell being paved with good intentions. People don't need to be "protected" by building their volition out of the system. How about "information submitted by a person to a third party is still considered private"? The disingenuous loophole the government is so fond of whereby you sharing information with a third party suddenly negates ALL expectation of privacy and 4th Amendment protections is a farce. Signing up for Facebook should not be a "first sale" of your personal information or right to privacy. Of course, no tech company that has ridden the free ride of harvesting personal data would be on board with ANYTHING like that. They can keep their IP and algorithms if they want, but if I don't consent to the fruits of my existence being fed through them, then that is where it needs to stop. No company should feel safe with involuntarily increasing a user's digital footprint. Period. That covers not asking to and being explicitly told not to. A person has an inalienable right to maintain final authority over their digital presence. The only exception that makes sense to me is for the press. Though I haven't thought that implication through completely yet. The problem is, given a neural network, the decided course of action IS at 100% confidence. Unless you design the network to specifically answer "how similar is this?" and pair it with a training set and the output of another executing neural net, a "confidence meter" isn't possible. This is one of the trickier bits to wrap one's mind around with neural networks. The systems we train for specialized tasks have no concept of 'confidence' or being wrong. There is no meta-awareness that judges how well a task is being performed in real-time outside of the training environment. Humans don't suffer from this issue (as much) due to the mind bogglingly large and complex neural nets we have to deal with the world. Every time you set yourself to practicing a task, you are putting a previously trained neural network through further training and evolution. You can recognize when you are doing it because the process of doing so takes conscious effort. You are not 'just doing ', you are 'doing , and comparing your performance against an ideation or metric of how you WANT to be performed'. This process is basically your pre-frontal cortex and occipital lobe for instance, tuning your hippocampus, sensory and motor cortex to perfect the perfect tennis swing. When we train visual neural networks, we're talking levels of intelligence supplied by the occipital lobe , hippocampus, alone. Imagine every time you hear about a neural net that a human was lobotomized until they could perform ONLY that task with any reliability. Kinda changes the comfort level with letting one of these take the wheel doesn't it? Neural nets are REALLY neat. Don't get me wrong. I love them. Unfortunately, the real world is also INCREDIBLY hard to safely operate in. Many little things that humans 'just do' are the results of our own brains 'hacking' together older neural nets with a higher level one. Because money is a finite resource, is only useful when it moves, and when only a few people hold the majority of the purse strings, they gain an inordinate say in what problems get enough funding thrown at them to be solved either through active favoritism or passive inaction? Please, we all know someone is going to make the argument you just did. It is the lowest effort, most intellectually shallow argument you can start with. In fact, it's a thinly veiled ad hominem if you think it through long enough as it boils down to "Poor people are poor because they suck." In the United States, we hold it to be self-evident that all men are created equal. Period. When inequality of some form becomes so ingrained in our society so as to become everyday and even praised, it is only natural for a culture that holds equality amongst people as a core characteristic to wonder if something may be a bit off about the system. To answer your question... Why should someone who acts as an executive be worth so much more than the carpenter or operator in the eyes of their fellow men? Businesses are social structures, nominally intended to benefit society (often redefined as shareholders for the hard core capitalists out there) as a whole. Yet... We see that executives and C levels get an exaggerated share of the value produced by the structure. "But they have business savvy!" I imagine someone would retort. Doesn't justify the compensation disparity. They just got an MBA and learned about how to structure a business while the carpenter was learning to woodwork. A business for business sake without professionals capable of understanding and executing the craft or service at hand is meaningless. "No one would accept the responsibility without that level of compensation! It's too straining!" Another may retort. That sounds a bit disingenuous to me. Is it mentally straining? Of course. Not so much so that orders of magnitude difference should justifiably exist between the average worker and the top of the pyramid. Nominally, everyone should have an equal chance to start a successful business. Realistically, the later you come to the game, the more the cards are stacked against you, and in favor of everyone who is already there. I would like to see society move in a direction where there wasn't so much incentive to "get money at all costs", but rather to solve pressing issues that are having a clear and present deleterious effect on society. The inability of many mundane laborers to be able to keep up with the market is one sych issue. Nay, sir. Just because there exists a multi-million dollar over a lifetime treatment regime doesn't mean that it is okay to suddenly "own" an equivalent chunk of cash from everyone cured. We invent treatments because we CAN'T find a cure. The treatment represents society's best effort to alleviate suffering. We solve problems so that we don't have to suffer them as a society/species anymore. Businesses exist until we figure out a way to live without them. Profit should never be the end all justification for doing something. You were probably downvoted for taking the position that you are the judge of what other people need, but besides that error, I think you bring up an interesting point. It is an uncomfortable truth that we have yet to really contemplate as a society. Consumerism ISN'T sustainable, and society will grow to a point where we are going to see seemingly fundamental systems start to crumble beneath the sheer weight of consumption. We have to be willing to ask "should we?" in addition to "can we?" Uh huh... I'm guessing you aren't a fan of the 2nd Amendment then? Not trying to derail things, but assuming the State MUST have a MONOPOLY on violence is a terrible idea. We give the government the leeway we do, because it is the best way to provide for the common defense of the nation. NOT because ONLY the State should have violence open to it as an option. Anyway... Back to healthcare... The type of structure that made the military industrial complex problematic was specifically that the industrial part was doing everything they could via lobbying/bribery to maximize profit. A shift to a model where we attempt to minimize waste, and maximize effective treatment/cures turns the quality equation on it's head. You still run into the issue where riskier grants that 'may work' are going to have a harder case to make in order to be issued, but I think that once one gets away from trying to build industrial supply chains predominantly for treatments that don't result in cure, you would start to see materials and expertise to get industrial supply chains built period may become more easily accessible if not perhaps become much cheaper. You mean, like leaking classified information? It's valid. To say something is "designed" for something can mean that it has a certain characteristic as facilitates its primary function. No need to have the annoying question of a designer attached. No. They aren't. They may make decisions that impact millions of people, but they aren't a government. They may 'govern' the technical details of their implementations... But they are not governments. They have no sovereignty, no expectation to the rights thereof. They do not answer to everyone that their decisions affect. They are social constructs that happen to shuffle around information, own assets, and generate revenue. It is CRITICAL that no one makes the mistake that these businesses are anything more than the path of least innovation to solving problems. The tech industry has a major hubris problem. They don't need people mistaking them for legitimate governments to make it even worse. Every person needs to understand that no software product is really a big thing. The reason they SEEM big is the sheer data magnitudes involved. Most of which the layman has no real concept of. The problem is the average adult doesn't get educated in the ways of contract law. In fact, I think this is a symptom of the fact that attorneys and legal practitioners are a "protected" class with a relatively high barrier to entry to basic education in their field. While everyone has the "freedom" to learn on their own time, it seems disingenuous to be able to legally bind people who honestly have no clue what they are agreeing to. Also, from the tech perspective, UX demands that "onboarding" to a product be as minimally difficult as possible. Tech will ALWAYS give you the option to skip reading the EULA, and T&C because otherwise, most people would look at the terms being laid out and just say "Screw that noise." You have a fundamental asymmetry which will be ruthlessly exploited. If not by the legalese and banking on the user not understanding, then by the company just glossing over how skewed in their favor the terms are and rushing the user past the ugly bits to the custom designed addictive parts. This is one thing that still amazes me to this day. It's like doctor's stop thinking after they get their degree. Whenever I've visited a doc within the past few years I have noticed that instead of actually getting to know someone as a patient, many act as if they are a quick reference book. This is especially horrifying when you consider that there is a non-trivial portion of the population that exist outside of the medical literature. Every one of the best Doctors I've ever had has ALWAYS been a researcher at heart. They observe, take notes, treat what they can now, and come back later and can clue me in on the latest research they've come across. Nowadays, I'm usually making Doctors aware of advancements in their field... Scary stuff. >I don't find that to be too surprising. I can be hyper-aware of my own ailments, but keeping up with an entire field is more difficult. I do not find the above to be sufficient justification to practice in ANY field without trying to stay aware of the state-of-the-art. Yes, in medicine in particular, there is a justifiable bias toward applying more conservative treatments first. "Hear hoof beats, think horse first, not Zebra," is the axiom I believe is most frequently ground into new physicians. The problem comes in when a physician becomes so conditioned to conservative treatments working that they become blind to the extremes. Running with the Zebra analogy, just because you hear hoof beats, you see a horse-like silhouette, and in this lighting you can't tell the color, does not mean you should IGNORE the possibility of Zebra. As a practicing physician, you are DEPENDED upon to be the layman's gateway to the entirety of the collective medical knowledge base we've been able to accrue, verify, and are in the process of verifying. You owe it to your patients, just as an Engineer owes it to the public, to become as well acquainted with the medical literature as it pertains to them as possible. I may be being a bit normative here, but an M.D. should be seen as a commitment to spending your life on the pursuit of the means by which to provide the highest quality of care for your body of patients. That at times means being ready to help the a patient access and navigate the less charted waters of the state-of-the-art if necessary. I agree completely that state-of-the-art should not be the first hammer pulled from the toolbox, but one should not actively avoid it either. At the end of the day, data doesn't get generated out of thin air, and if the patient understands and accepts the risks after you have provided them the best guidance you can, you have done all that can be expected of you, have you not? Alright, I'll concede that one. I admit, things become a lot simpler once you limit your scope to issues immediately relevant to you as a patient. However, I do still believe that when made aware of something new from a patient, a good physician should actively tackle the topic if only to be able to give a realistic assessment of where it falls on the risk/outcome spectrum. NOTE: This may be assuming an above average level of patient investment. I in no way condone of wasting a physician's time having them wade through quackery. Nobody has time for that. I'm kind of interested in an answer to this as well. I know the typical "travel site" or "comparison shop" use case. There is also the "darn it, I want this" use case. However, automated, periodic web scraping that mutates (I.e. ticket or reservation grabbing bots) has always felt a bit squicky to me in the same way DNS squatting does. Code isn't going anywhere. As long as computational operations exist, there will need to be a language to represent those operations. As long as that exists, there will be more languages to streamline that, and so on and so forth. Computers are not magic. They do not think. Even if they did, they would be constrained by the same fundamental linguistic bottlenecks that we human beings are. To illustrate this point: I will concede that no code solutions are possible when every human being achieves Buddhist Enlightenment. This would be the human equivalent of a no code solution. No one communicating, or orchestrating external experiences to create an epiphany. Just an internal realignment of values. Another illustration: Convince all of your neighbors to agree with you without communicating to them in any way. Coding is a fundamental axiom of information transfer. If you aren't doing it in some fashion, you aren't DOING anything. If you are doing it, then you are constrained by your encoding scheme. The thing that trips up most users is that they aren't consciously aware of their own encoding schemas, and are typically resistant to adopting someone else's. In the article's case, they are asserting that "visual" programming is not code. Which is dead wrong. It just means the new code is your visual motif or paradigm. (E.g. A box means X, a line means Y.) Underlying that visual implementation is...nothing else but more code! You will never compute without code. You will never COMMUNICATE without code. This entire article is just a visual representation of a complete vacuum of common sense. Note the irony: My response is an example of resistance to adopting the author's encoding scheme. It is likely that his point is not communicable to me in its current phrasing because we have fundamentally different experiences and knowledge structures that get decoded from the same visual representation (the article). Or it is being clearly communicated, and it's just BS. (E.g. when I see the phrase "no-code solution", it translates to me as a hypothetical solution that doesn't require communication of information according to a fixed set of schemas to orchestrate desired computing behavior. This is dead on arrival. If we are communicating, coding happens. Either the author is mistaken, or I am. The only way to know for sure is for he and I to COMMUNICATE, establish a common coding schema between us, a "common sense" if you will, and to clear things up so we can both confidently say that we are saying the same thing about the same thing. TL;DR: No-code happens when world peace does. So... Could you explain this a bit more? I know the Senate was intended to be a "braking" force on the House, but I have trouble making the mental leap whereby direct election of Senators is a bad thing? As a representative of the State, the Senator is therefore also a representative of the people, no? Historically speaking, I understand that the State level Senate selecting a representative would basically guarantee that you got a sort of "Man of the State" who one would assume would have a high degree of familiarity with the interests of the State as a whole, but is it a foregone conclusion that direct election doesn't achieve the same goal? It seems somewhat worrisome to consolidate that power in a small group. Then again, I can see the argument that acting representatives would probably have the best feel for who could most fully represent the State as a whole. So you're saying that allowing direct election of Senators in a State shifts the likelihood of getting a National Representative for a State that is unduly favored toward the State's urban population centers rather than looking out for both the low and high density centers equally? Whereas if the State Senate was still responsible for nominating Senators, equal representation across the State would be achieved? Or am I still being dense? Availability of the class != assurance that every citizen has taken it and passed. Furthermore, most tech companies don't even engage or give the opportunity to engage in the "negotiation" part of the contract forming process.A EULA or ToS document isn't a meeting of equals. It's a salesman rushing you down the hall telling you to sign, sign, SIGN! In fact, if nothing else, technology has provided one of the finest examples of a cautionary tale with regards to a "delegatory" legal profession (a profession where legal literacy is contained to a specialized sub-population and where literacy of the full population in the intricacies of the legal system cannot be assumed). I'd be interested in seeing a chart of user accounts of major software platforms or providers at time of ToC/EULA change in order to run the numbers to prove it, but I have a hunch that due to arbitrary/periodic ToC/EULA changes, there is a possibility that the tech industry has generated more legal contracts that no user has bothered to read or understand than the entire legal profession has honestly brokered (I.e. ensured informed consent between both parties) in its entire recorded history. Caveat emptor be damned. There is something fundamentally wrong with a system that could manage something like that. Never mind this is a legal land mine waiting to happen. Get sued, must preserve all documentation...Woops. Google just deleted it. Sorry! Enjoy the obstruction and destruction of evidence charges. I want to tell you not to waste your breath. Frankly, no one wants to talk about chronic ailments. ADHD (the so-called fake disease) for example. Nevermind that they are a real part of why premiums are likely as high as they are. Nevermind that it is essentially a life-long tax for the patient. Nevermind that the law deprives those who suffer from a case for which narcotic therapies work and CBT doesn't into profit slaves to drug manufacturer's and their 'attending' prescription writer. They have a solution to the problem (that generally works out better for the supply chain than the patient)! How dare you suggest it isn't the best approach! What are you, some communist? /s But alas, if we don't say it no one will listen. So... As the parent said... "If it worked like normal insurance, people with chronic illnesses would still go bankrupt." That is by no means the case. It just takes a good number of people getting together and settling on a set of standards. The beauty of the general purpose computing device is it can support any and all at will. Until people start thinking that "it's better to just let the big companies lock down hardware, then everything will just work!", which leads to hardware impls or subsystems like UEFI that actively fight to deprive the User of their rights to total control of their tool. No thanks. My machine. My code, my rules, and my data. No one else's. i'll accept the onus of learning how to secure and safely use it. Convenience isn't worth the sacrifice of freedom. I'm calling this a bad test in general. Let's be honest here. None of the more cutting edge attacks are going to be risked by attacking. as hard a target as this guy. The level of sophistication of attack the author is starting to reach is going to be reserved for state-level persons-of-interest. Espionage is a game of judging capabilities, and cracking some security researcher's laptop telegraphs to the rest of the world that you can. As a national actor you don't actually WANT to flex your spy muscles in obvious ways unless the payoff is JUST THAT CRITICAL. It removes the veil of the unknown, and gives potential adversaries/persons-of-interest that much better a chance of successfully applying tradecraft to hide what you actually want to monitor because they have more accurate knowledge of what your capabilities are. Contrary to popular belief, most organiztions capable of pulling an evil maid attack simply won't because of the revelation of capability already mentioned, and the PRISM problem. Too much information/access in general lends itself to becoming useless due to the difficulty of separating the tasty bits from the mundane. Kudos to the guy for actually trying the experiment, but it doesn't really tell anyone anything we didn't already know 20 years ago. Computers are inherently insecure. Every form of "security" is insecure at some point. Computers haven't changed anything except for making a person's computer a juicy target to get some juicy financial information/passwords for non-state actors, or making surveillance potentialities so much more horrifying on account of the ubiquity of networked cameras, sensors, and microphones on the ground waiting to be exploited. Forget about laptop evil maid attacks. Start thinking about the ticking time bomb of 'poisoned' hardware rife with 'tailored access' whereby state actors can push a button and have every device with a camera/microphone within a certain set of GPS coordinates start silently acting as an input sensor. Combine that data stream with the right neural networks, and you'll see a world that no one in their right mind wants, but is well within our manufacturing capabilities to create. Or stop worrying, go outside, and make a friend. It's way better for your mental health. This type of thing is my number one objection to Certificate Authorities. In fact, it's my objection to computation illiteracy being acceptable in general amongst users. Devs and agencies cannot be trusted not to screw with things. If the average Joe cannot understand what is going on behind the curtains, they aren't free. Freedom is a scary thing to many groups, and unfortunately, more and more we are seeing the pendulum swing further and further away from the Internet's original intent: to facilitate the fast and open communication of information. I want to say free and open, but unfortunately I have trouble being able to maintain that level of idealism anymore. That's a bit disingenuous. Not all rewards need be monetary or zero-sum. Also, one does not reward someone to provide a benefit to oneself. THAT is thinking that creates the greatest inequality in our system if you ask me. Oh, let me pay this employee... but wait! That money goes right into a retirement account, that invests in an index fund, that supports me and my business partners... A reward is something given at a COST to another in recognition of their accomplishment. You give it without thought of a return, because what they have done is made your life better. The fact no one in economics wants to think through the money trail thoroughly doesn't change that the corporation is no longer a provider of services as it's primary goal... It is an enricher of the few who jump on the equity train. Not what I'm suggesting. More what I am suggesting is that we REALLY need to get away from teaching software products, and start teaching how to use computers. Example: Teaching fundamental abstractions before basing education on one set or another. Teaching fundamental program sets/basics of toolchains (Think scripts, text editors, and intro to program compilation.) Teaching fundamental protocols. Teaching about infrastructure. Teaching how to do X in Windows/Mac/Linux. IN THAT ORDER. Notice that that curriculum, while it would likely have to choose one OS or another based on circumstances, focuses on what you can DO with a computer, and lays a foundation through which the neophyte user can begin to understand what a computer and the NET really are. The NET isn't a pretty screen. It isn't one company's search engine, it's the means by which info goes from HERE to THERE. A computer isn't some mere calculator. It is an extension of our minds (and should be civically treated as such, but that's another post). I can die happy if within my lifetime, my occupation in the tech industry becomes "unskilled" labor. For I will have contributed to finding a way to elevate mankind to a me level. To answer both of your points, fast was implied by virtue of it being a communication network. The open part can be pedantically removed in the case of ARPAnet, but I've not met anyone who confuses the Internet with ARPAnet. The Internet, as it came to be called in the 90's with the rise of the World Wide Web, WAS at it's core 'open'. Pretty much everyone I've met who was around and working on the ARPAnet saw it as a foregone conclusion it (a network based on the lessons learned through ARPAnet) would be going public in one way or another. ...So you'd try to solve the same problem with a different sticker to score quick cash? I'd like you to read this and contemplate. http://www.catb.org/esr/writings/unix-koans/ten-thousand.htm... If you didn't bother reading and contemplating, here's the gist: There is no wolf to fear. We are all finite beings with finite time and resources. You 'stealing' his hypothetical business model doesn't really accomplish anything except tie up your resources retracing his steps. You would be the fool reimplementing the pipe. Now if you are the type of person who reduces life down to only pursuing the almighty dollar rather than trying to solve difficult extant problems... Well... Maybe that would be worth it to you. Even then though, he has already captured his audience, and he'll likely have a reputation advantage over your copy. Anywho. Food for thought. You are on the right track. Snail mail, letters, and correspondences were first class citizens in terms of things like protection by the Fourth Amendment. The postal service (at least as far as I am aware), is one of the few Third parties you can share that type of sensitive information with and have it by the letter of the law still be protected by an expectation of privacy. (If there is a lawyer in the house who could let us know otherwise, that would be awesome). The Supreme Court, however, has been reticent to apply any interpretive oomph to the idea that electronic message sending represents the same type of "private correspondence" that a snail mail letter represents. In fact, if anything it has generally leaned in the opposite direction. The SC has ruled that sharing personal or private information with a third party thereby nullifies your expectation of privacy and protection of your information by due process. This happened in the early days of telephony I think. "But that is only from the Government's point of view!", I hear from the gallery... Yes... Unfortunately it does set a societal precedent through the institution, however. I mean, if as an arbitrary business, I can hand your information to the government and they can make use of it, then surely I am free to share data I have about you with other people\businesses? Once that becomes legally acceptable, and people are willing to pay me for as much info as I can give, suddenly the economic incentive is to collect and sell as much information as possible. Note that this isn't a tech problem, but a social one. As long as we don't take a stand by making law to cover the issues of electronic activity being considered "protected correspondence" with a reasonable expectation of privacy, we will continue to see these blatant invasions into our personal affairs by business and government alike. The thing that will hold back that lawmaking though is that there are some VERY deep pockets that would see incredibly vast revenue streams dry up by passing something like that. One could see places like Alphabet, Microsoft, Facebook, and the other Silicon Valley darlings doing everything in their power to convince both the government and the populace that doing something like that would be a terrible idea. And they would be right to a degree. Many "free" services would have to switch to to a subscription model or something similar, and it could mean major cutbacks for many tech companies that haven't matured enough to diversify away from an ad supported business model. I can't speak for anyone else, but to me, that is a small price to pay to establish a right to the privacy of the exercise of our wills in the electronic realm. Thinking in the Internet age is truly an inspiring thing to behold. However, the Net that enables this capacity for collective thought is just a tool. We will get out of the Net what we as people put into it. To me, the Net has always been about empowering and uplifting every person by putting the collective knowledge and wisdom of humanity at each person's fingertips before anything else. One should always come away from the Net having found something, but at the same time, one has the right to use the Net and not have anything TAKEN. A "Right to Lurk" as it were. If I had to choose something as the basis for a new Constitutional Amendment, it would be something that would explicitly codify the expansion of the legal "expectation of privacy" to encompass all electronic forms of communication, commerce, and assembly; protecting the aforementioned from search and seizure by the government without due process. It wouldn't do anything for SciHub sadly, but it would be a step back in the right direction in terms of curbing some of the more demonstrably harmful ills the Net has facilitated in our society. P.S. Sorry for the mind dump. It felt great. If you are still reading, you're awesome. I'm not familiar with these types of calls, but might it be possible he's trying to avoid getting into the nasty bits in front of all of the investors collectively in the hopes of swinging back around and dealing with them individually? I've found that strategy to be pretty effectively employed by "perception management" types elsewhere. You know, guys with "reality distortion fields?" When you have a large group of people you're trying to maintain context for, you can end up getting into circumstances where you can get caught at giving contradictory statements more easily. Once the group catches that, they tend to dig and twist, and have further ammo for doing what you, the presenter, DON'T want. Isolating said group members allows you the luxury of being able to devote your full attention to spinning the perception you're managing to only show what you want them to see without getting caught with your pants down by someone else you spun a yarn for previously. I could be wrong of course, but I've seen it before. I applaud the elaboration of containers as isolated processes, however, I abhor the anthropromorphization of the Kernel/CPU in this article as it tends to distract from what the machine is actually doing, and makes a value judgement with regards to how container technology does it's thing relative to how things just work. Computers compute. The computer doesn't care whether a process is happening in a container or just as a system process. The CPU still has to context switch, it still has to flush and reinitialize memory, and it still incurs all of the same complexity that comes from being a multi-user OS when using containers vs. not using containers. If nothing else, there is actually MORE computation required with containers due to not being able to use more streamlined IPC mechanisms between containerized processes which would be usable in a non-containerized implementation. Containers fulfill a HUMAN use case. "I want to scale a bunch of copies of software environment blah on hardware Y." The computer continues to do what it is told without a care in the world. The point is, the most dangerous points in the operation of a vessel are those when more than one vessel is in close proximity to another because it adds the extra problem of "we need to not hit the other guy" onto an already formidable stack of problems to be solved. This isn't like programming where a little complexity can be handled at a trivial cost. Even if the tugs were say, AI controlled, so that endangering other sailors wasn't an immediate concern, these tugs would still be potential sources of catastrophic damage when fighting inclimate seas due to the size and materials they would have to be made from to actually make any significant difference in getting a fully laden cargo ship from A to B. Tugs are justifiable on inland waters or near ports because they are generally there to replace the ship they are towing's need or means to manoeuvre, enabling smaller, tighter movements than the ship is capable of under its own power. It also enables a transfer of control from a helmsman who may not know the particulars of a port or waterway at that time, to that of a local who's only job is juggling ships in that port day in and day out. Think of tugs as Valets. You don't want to deal with the hassle of dealing with one on the open sea, and it is guaranteed one you bring along with you won't know anything useful about where you are going. Best to just let the destination worry about it. The best approach would be to develop a system that could be relatively quickly integrated into current hulls during a quick refit, or to start designing new hulls with the system from the get go. The physical world doesn't take kindly to hack jobs. Disclaimer: not a sailor, just fascinated by logistics. If I have made any undue assumptions, please feel free to correct me. This... seems to be written by someone trying some extensive mental gymnastics in order to justify why everyone else should embrace his work preference. Water cooler talk isn't about discluding other people. It's about chasing down an idea without wasting the rest of the group's time. It's about getting things out of your head so you can focus on the task at hand. Writing out everything in an explicit and formal manner is a non-trivial effort to clearly communicate context to someone (potentially remote) who is missing it. Sometimes suboptimal is a lot less frightening and destructive than optimal. Dictatorships and despotism are the optimal solution for wielding of executive power. Murder is the optimal means through which to immediately resolve problems created by other people from a time investment point of view. Rape is an optimal solution to spreading genetic material. See the pattern? Knee-jerk reactions from the layperson AREN'T necessarily bad. If anything, they should be the first sign that a researcher needs to back up from that awesome thing you just did, and take off the razor thin beam of relevance you used to achieve your breakthrough, and begin the HARD part of research. Turning it from an interesting academic factoid into a societal good. When we do research, we are free to ignore huge swathes of the world to be able to reach or findings. The reckoning, however, comes when we have to ask ourselves 'how prepared is the world for this?' The story of Doctor Frankenstein isn't just some scary story for children. It should be haunting a researcher night and day. What am I enabling? How will society take this? It shouldn't stop you by all means, but it will keep you grounded and aware of the fact your research isn't happening in a void. Remember, all those bits and pieces you are putting out of your mind are the bread and butter of every layperson's day. Being a researcher doesn't absolve you of your status as a member of society. It is YOUR responsibility to take your idea from the theoretical to the practical. The rest of society is busy staying intact enough to support your research efforts. It is this part I"m referring to: >Emotional reactions and ad-hoc decisionmaking based on mob rule is going to result in a random, arbitrary outcome which will almost certainly be suboptimal. I may have initially misinterpreted some context when I read your comment before, though my conclusions haven't changed much. I agree with you that AI research must be methodically and transparently approached. The part where I was trying to speak toward, however, was that AI researchers/designers are going to necessarily be constrained by how much faith and goodwill a (currently) troubled society, plagued with inequality and hardship in the face of increasing job loss to automation. This is a feature, not a bug to be dismissed. AI is akin to nuclear technology in that it is perceived as a huge game changer. One that brings with it a huge potential for societal change and upheaval. The AI designer/researcher DOESN'T necessarily see it that way. It is just a tool to do a thing. The populace, however, don't grasp the limits the researcher/designer does. They are being asked to give the same degree of faith to the AI field that nuclear physics was given in the last century. Combine that with a severe distrust in the motives of the organizations doing the actual development and you have the stage set for large-scale rejection of AI research. You said it yourself before. AI is a field that is trying to replace humans (having to do stuff). That is not a viewpoint that will win you the favor of the populace. No one will get further than the first half of the sentence before the hackles go up. Nobody trusts a Utopia where people don't have to work because machines do it for them. Nor will they trust the men behind the machines. It's sad, but it is the kind of thinking that has kept humanity OUT of a complete dystopian hellholes thus far. I don't know the fix, but I do know that if we can't solve some very fundamental social problems that advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning are poised to make worse, you will find the field of study becoming more and more difficult to find public acceptance in. The only inkling of a clue I have is it may have to do with the "industrial asymmetry" of our current times. If you don't take heed of the state of society, you may end up in the same place NASA was for the latter half of the 20th Century. BEAUTIFUL theoretical groundwork laid, but hamstrung in execution by popular sentiment. (See some documentaries to learn how "thrilled" many were with the Space Race. NASA still hasn't recovered from the backlash despite some of the best science I've ever seen) Again, you can. See how well that worked for NASA's Integrated Program Plan. It was too ambitious a project that generated some spectacular design and planning work, but ended up dashed on the rocks of the political and social environment of the time. Learn from the past that you might not repeat it.