I think if BART owns the repeaters or cell towers etc. then they have every right to turn them off whenever they want. With or without permission from the carriers or occupants. I found it confusing at first but I believe it's trying to say that you don't have to sign a contract to get the basic wifi iPad, unlike with the 7.7 galaxy tab which starts out at $499 with a 2 year contract. If you buy without the 2 year contract it would cost an enormous $699 which is less than the carrier iPad at $629. Be grateful many people don't have these opportunities. We all pay the same for tuition if weren't not from that state. I've suffered working in a restaurant for the past 6 years and low rate college pay jobs. At least we can still afford tuition when a lot of people can't or don't even have the option to go to school. I have always wondered if crimes are getting more violent or if the amount of coverage we give the violent ones has increased. The closest I will get to the news is the Daily Show, because at least they poke fun at the American media for how ridiculous they can be. The pinch and zoom feels much smoother on Safari, it's especially helpful on my laptop when viewing from a distance. Tha being said I'm really tired of being in the "walled garden" I have a Windows desktop and Andriod Tablet that would love to share iCloud tabs and bookmarks. Chrome can do all of that. Glad to see at least one of my senators attended those meetings and doesn't remember being briefed about phone metadata collection (Johnny Isakson R-Ga). But then again the Director of National Intel James Clapper said that he understands that "collect data" would mean they take a book off the shelf and read it. Not that they have a giant bookshelf of data that is possibly yours and mine. Just another politician type doing some CYA. We will see more to come. [1] http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/intel-dir-james-clapper-lie-c... They have an option to log in to the command via a web interface in case you block yourself. Just got graduated and got a job in the software industry. Learned a lot from reading hacker news articles. Thanks HN When I first read this I starting thinking this is a good start but I think these companies are just trying to save face. Now that these programs have been exposed in more light both sides, the government and the companies who participate, are just trying to minimize the impact without telling the full truth about other programs. http://www.theatlanticwire.com/politics/2013/07/nsa-admits-i... The website is unreadable on a mobile device. I can't zoom out. They are only paranoid because they know they have introduced backdoors into products their countries produce. Do you really think the US/UK/AUS has not introduced something into a Cisco product or some other hardware manufacturer in their respective country. Just look at what has come to light with the PRISM program. They already have access to the major software companies what makes people think they havent done some secret FISA order to Dell/Cisco/HP/Apple etc. edit: typo Recent Kennesaw State grad here. Some classmates and I had a few ideas for start ups but didn't have a place to further our knowledge and learn how to get started. This would be great for the Atlanta area I know of other start ups in the area but they usually aren't from college students or recent grads. It would be great to have a place to share ideas with younger people and hack ideas. From the article: “Everyone’s thinking this, but no one’s saying it public, so everyone thinks they’re alone,” he said. “Ninety-eight percent of society has issues with this…But no one speaks up.” While I think some people don't how to speak up, beside calling/writing my congress person, many don't care either way. In fact, many older people I have talked to (I am in my twenties) dont have a problem with what the NSA is doing. They dont really mind if their data is being sifted through as long as its being used to "Find Terrorists or what have you." My problem is the lack of oversight and the fact court that has approved 1,789 out of 1,748 requests (97.7%!!!!). Not only that but they have legal justifications for what they are doing, therefore since its legal its allowed, forget the morals/ethics involved. Who's to say they won't turn this around on the public at large because it will prevent smaller crimes instead of terrorists. Also whats to stop the government from calling people who oppose their views terrorists and then just spy directly at American people. Does anyone else find it odd that he immediately went to the US's biggest rivals. I mean right away he ran to Hong Kong (China) and now he has accepted asylum in Russia. I mean these countries have huge interest in this guy. He knows intimate details about how the USA gathers intelligence. I mean I wonder what kind of info he has given (if any) to these countries. I am sure Putin would love to get a hold of those laptops he took with him. Yes but Latin American countries wouldn't have as much interest in his Intel as the other Russia and China. If he was just seeking asylum Ecuador would have been a much better choice for him. They have already given Assange asylum so I would think that would have been a better first option than HK. Yes but the point is he brought his treasure trove of intel with him. In a sense "Americope" is already a reality. They have already used their power to divert the Bolivian presidents plane and restrict the airspace that Snowden might have used to get out of Europe. When these Snowden leaks first came out I was hoping that Europe would stand up to the US but the fact is that many of the Intel agencies in Europe are either in on the various programs or benefit from them via funding or some sort of data sharing. I never realized that the small beads in hygiene products was actually plastic. How many times have I ingested these over the years and if they are killing fish, what are they doing to my body? I wonder how much pollution these are causing in smaller lakes and rivers? I agree, if industry leaders jumped on the band wagon like they did for SOPA we may have a chance. Some of the big tech companies are already willing to fight back we just need to gain momentum for the cause. Some legislators are with us but I doubt the senate will be on our side. I think that the damage is already too great. They are probably already in all the hubs, exchanges and its not like they will give them back. It's no surprise that they are collecting all the cell data too, whether it be metadata or content. Who knows what kinda stuff they have in the actual hardware beside the repeaters they have on the fiber cables. My question is how do we enact a change. The genaral public (non-tech people) may not fully understand the implications of what they are doing and how much of our data thy are taking. If the large companies are just going to bend over how do we do something? I've meet them too as long as out keeps the terrorists out they're fine with it. Open source software would help especially open source networking software. Just say NSA this or Snowden that. Bootstrap is great but I usually end up having to override a lot and it ends up becoming a pain sometime. Also if the responsive theme isn't set up right it can end up looking like a disaster. Now that we are seeing more and more publicity surrounding this issue and companies are at least attempting to be transparent, how can we spark a fundamental change in the way the Govt sees this issue. The public need to hold these people accountable in some fashion, criminally is probably out of the question. Whether it be by some investigation committee by congress, supreme court intervention, or simply voting the current incumbents out. We need to stop the Govt from just abiding by the letter of the laws and not by going with the Spirit of the law. The Government shouldnt be finding loop holes in their laws or playing games about the meaning of words when the are questioned by officials. What about the view counter on my Geocity site? I would look at it everyday to see if someone happened to stumble on my site. I've heard of these building that store nothing but paper books that you can borrow for a certain period of time and return at a later point. It should read The NSA "HAS" Commandeered the Internet. As more and more information is gets thrown into the light, I find it disturbing that the NSA's capability has grown under the Obama Administration. I would think they would have less powers compared to Bush Admin post 9/11. Wait till they attach listening instruments onto drones and send them to scan the sky's across America under a directive from the FISA court. And this is why GPS and cell phone jammers are illegal... Glad to see that Space is going to be a commercial business instead of private governments doing everything. This gives me hope that Space will be a place that consumers can enjoy. That said I think that Elon Musk is doing a lot to make things like Space and Electric cars more accessible to the average person. Even though the costs of Tesla cars are high now for the average Joe to afford, they will hopefully be down in the near future. I hope that the same will happen with Space-X. You are right. The Nissan Leaf still has that Hybrid/Electric car look and feel to it. The Tesla looks like a normal luxury car that I would like to own. I dislike how many Hybrid/Electric cars look different than the normal 4 door sedan. So if the most common way these hacker "groups" actually "hack" websites are through phishing attacks. How do protect against phishing attacks in a way that will stop them. Obviously educating Martha the secretary to not click links in emails from people she doesn't know isnt working. How can we make phishing attacks less successful or remove these attack style altogether. 9 times out of 10 when I hear about some major hack its because of phishing. I only picked the first name that came to mind that sounded older. I didnt choose a womens name on purpose. Albert in accounting, etc... would have done just fine. I know plenty of people in this same situation, degree in psychology, social work, communications and my favorite opera, with a mound of debt accruing. All while they struggle to pay off their debt while working at the same college job they had, working at a restaurant waiting tables or being a barista at Starbucks. Some of these people are in way over their head and beyond just the government loans. A few of them went to smaller private colleges and accrued well over 150K. Luckily I was in a technical degree (Information Systems but I didnt graduate from the business school ;-), Math and Science school along with the CS majors) and was able to get a few job offers before settling on what I considered the best one. The only problems is that when they first implemented this feature I was missing a lot of important emails from my bank and Amazon. I dont like having to browse to a new tab too see emails that are coming into the same inbox. I want to decide what emails go into the tabs not an algorithm. While I am glad they included (paywall), any news article or blog entry that uses sources behind a paywall should rethink using those sources. When I read an article I like to look at the sources they use to determine if the information seems valid to me. Lets condemn places like China, Russia, and Syria for they way they limit or monitor electronic communications but when the US and "Friends" do it its for mumble mumble TERRORISTS mumble mumble.... If the laws don't allow us to monitor our citizens lets just change the laws or interpret the words differently. >Nothing that's been reported about the US comes even close to that sort of usage. Nothing that's been reported. Or Hasn't happened yet.... No offense Google, but Google+ is not good. I dont want another social site or to be forced into yours. It should go the way of Google Reader even though Reader was a much better service. At first it sounded like Craigslist was bullying someone but reading more into the article it seems that they had a valid reason to take them to court. They asked them to top multiple times, even resorting to blocking their IP block, and they still crafted deceiving ways to work around it. Although I feel Craigslist had a reasonable complaint, I do not like the precedence that this could set for further cases. This could set the stage for all kinds frivolous lawsuits. About time. I hope that he picks someone that can take MSFT from the boring and problematic company that we have no choice but to deal with, to a company that is producing products that actually make it easier to use things and more powerful (Windows 8 was a huge step back). They need someone who will innovate and continue to innovate. > but since it's generally disliked and unnecessary these days, Maybe its disliked by start ups running the latest and greatest flavor of X, but enterprise isn't letting up any time soon on Java. Especially if there already using Oracle and its not easy to get rid of legacy stuff that costs money to rebuild. There are also people who adamantly protect the legacy stuff because that is where there job security lies. Horrible UI and most of the examples were from obscure languages. The only one I got right was assembly and that is scary... I am not sure if anything he states is correct or not. I mean the people just stated that he got it wrong but couldnt anyone just say no thats not me I did contracting work for so and so. I have been waiting for something like this for a long time. The only problem is that it is only for Kindle books. I would like a PDF/ePUB for any paper copy book I buy even if its a 5 dollar surcharge that is much better than buying the same book 2 separate times on different media (paper and ebook). Honestly I would like this to be the default option for all paper books I buy, even if the costs get factored in to the buying price. If I can take my CDs I purchased and encode them into MP3 and use them on my e-device of choice then why cant a similar model be used for paper media. I am going to be mad if I find an Amazon tracking cookie that makes you money ever time I buy from Amazon from now on. Anyways, the blog was an inspiration for me to start my own blog (which I have been putting off) and gave me some ideas for a way for it to fund itself. I may visit 100s of websites daily and none of them have anything to do with what I usually buy on Amazon. I don't want someone to profit off the measuring cups I bought off Amazon or the alternator I got on eBay because I visited a blog about a guy with a standing desk. Typical corporate response: its not our fault its the elevation of the sun. Once the sun decides to move it will not be a problem. How about they design a building right. If the 4 story condos I lived in previously were designed to be facing North and South so the sun didnt heat them up as much during the day. I would think a massive 37 floor building project in London would have taken into account the position of the sun as well. >It's not about taking the position of the sun into account, it's foreseeing that the curvature of the facade would concentrate the sun in an unfortunate way. Any kid with a magnifying class can tell you what curved class can do with light. My point was that if building projects take in account which way the sun will move in the sky, then they should take into account what the sun might do when it hits the building. > Oh please. If you've never build anything that turned out to malfunction in an unexpected way, you've never build anything. You are very right and I dont see how they might have foreseen this. It is quite unusual for the windows on a building to start melting cars, especially in a mild climate like London. The fact remains that if it can mess a Jaguar up what happens when the sun rays are concentrated into a flat across the street that may have a small child or elderly person who may not be to leave the room when it starts getting hot. Recently I graduated from college and decided to go for a big multinational company with employees all over the globe and customers also. The reasons I chose to do so are similar to the ones the author chose. Some drawbacks so far are the politics it takes to get a project going and the maze of people in a large corporation. Many times it takes several meetings just to find the right person to answer a question. Also having to interface with people around the globe to get sign off on things pose a time zone conflict and more hours are wasted. Sometimes the answers to the problems that I face are not known to one side of the business because they have no idea how the other side does things. There are massive silos of information and systems that make it harder to navigate than a smaller shop.