Nope, this will never catch on. The minute they realize that the exact same principles they use to subvert al-Qaeida propaganda can be used against their own propaganda, they will have to shut down the program. You can't teach critical thinking, humour and satire to your army and not have them use the same tools against you. I haven't checked out the original paper, but the solution presented on the blog is a non-solution. It only works for ascii characters and words composed out of ascii. When you reuse someone elses code, you always get stuck with someone elses assumptions. In this case, that English is the only language and that the regular expression [A-Za-z] encompasses all possible letters in the world. The shell solution, built upon standard tools, can not be extended to work in an international context but a custom solution in Python (or even Pascal) quite concievably could. But your assertion was that this was an easy problem solved with just a few lines of shell code. That assertion is only true in an extremely limited context where the only language possible is English and the only character encoding is ascii. That's where the Unix tools shines because they are great at handling problems easily expressable as regular expressions. But it is not a very realistic example, nor a fair comparison. > As bryanlarsen pointed out, the shell solution can easily be extended by using an internationalized version of tr. You should try that and then blog about it. :) I've spent lots of time battling issues with ascii-centric libraries. My conclusion is that it is not easy at all which is not strange because tools like tr and sed were written decades before unicode support became a must have. I can't say that it is impossible to write a shell script to count words in a text written in Arabic script, but it doesn't seem easy. Does it really make sense to think about Germany as a separate entity from the rest of the Euro Zone? Economically, I think Germany is more like the center of a huge country with Spain and Greece being the poorer provinces... It is a very strange situation caused by too diverse countries having the same currency. Say what?? I, for one, LIKED the submission a lot! The Wikipedia Redefined site is a great way to present a design proposal from an outsider. The redesign had some flaws, like not fully accounting for i18n and accessability issues, but there where some great nuggets in there too. Such as using a stylized W instead of the plain boring W as the favicon. It is so sad that people instead choose to criticize the flaws and ignoring the good and valuable ideas just so they can be extra critical. I have a site with lots of statistics, tables, charts and similar stuff. As you can understand, fetching all that data from the database to render the analytical charts is fairly expensive. My solution is to first render the page template and send it back to the client as quickly as possible with all statistics widgets empty. Then the page makes a few ajax calls to fetch the data from the server to render the pie and bar charts widgets. It works very well for a human visitor. The page loads extremely quickly and the widgets rendered using javascript and ajax are below the fold anyway so it doesn't matter that they are visible 500 ms later than the initial page load. Unfortunately it is crap for Googlebot which never runs the ajax calls and never "sees" my pretty graphs which leads it to think I have a much more boring site than what it really is. So that is my need to "app-ify" my site and my, as of yet unfulfilled, need for a framework that is able to provide Googlebot with an accurate view of my appified site. Awesome stuff! But wont you get into trouble with Google for this site? Because it is like Spotify, except much better. :) Previously, I used http://www.youtube-mp3.org/ to conveniently listen to music on youtube, but it apparently ran into legal issues. No stop it! Don't defend autoconf, it is not worth it and the software does not deserve it. Users of autoconf, that is developers that try to use that POS to build their software definitely experiences its pains. It is not just that M4 is a horribly ugly, badly, inconsistent language. You also have about a million leaky caches in the build process to deal with. Autoconf rewrites the build scripts in three stages, each which is cached and also keeps an autom4te.cache directory around. So what happens is that you update something in the M4 build script and then have to spend hours hunting down why the change didn't change anything because some stupid autoconf cache wasn't flushed. What autoconf has done is to separate free software developers into two categories. Those who can hack the source (the .c and .h files) and those who understand the "autoconf magic." It should be telling that people refer to it as "magic" - it's a f ing build system, not rocket science. The only reason this ugly piece of software has lived on is because people treat it as some kind of magical device and inertia. Configuring and building software is an easy problem. It gets even easier if you finally decide to drop support for 30 year old unices that no one uses. The autoconf team consistently refuses to do that which why the software wont ever become better. CMake, SCons, Waf and probably half a dozen more tools all do a much better job configuring software than autoconf ever will. People really need to try those alternatives and I'm sure they will realize autoconf needs to die, die, DIE. You sound a lot like my colleagues when I tell them why I much favor dynamic languages like Ruby and Python over Java. :) They listen politely to my arguments, then shrug their shoulders and go "meh, Java works fine for me". CVS users are the same when it comes to Subversion users who are the same when it comes to Git users. It doesn't matter for a "works fine" person how many faults their current tool has or how much smoother "your" tool solves all those problems, they won't listen. Logic doesn't work maybe because it is very hard for them to get used to something new. Maybe because if you haven't experienced any alternatives it is very hard to imagine that something could be better. Anyone care to explain what the author mean by: "Pair programming is like those girls that go to the restaurant bathroom together."? It sounds like a funny analogy but it's just pure gibberish. The point of the article seem to be to get reactions, not tell you anything about Agile. I love this! At a few previous workplaces I could have put this project to good use in our mail delivery system. But it is still a testament to the huge difference between doing something and doing something right. Uninformed people just don't get how hard it actually is to send mail. Especially if you have a large distribution list and it is important that your mail does not get caught in over-zealous spam filters. Those people you can point to this project to prove that it takes time and effort to do something as seemingly simple as mailing right. It is the same with i18n. You can't just i18n:ize a site by storing the text translations in the database and showing the right translation based on the browsers Accept-Language header. It becomes a hugely more complex issue when you consider stuff like search engines, date formatting, currency formatting, whether sunday is the start of the week or not and so on. Well, yes, mostly. But you also want your email to be read, not only delivered. Your email mail also contain some kind of CTA (call-to-action, website to visit and so on...) which you are trying to get the reader to respond to. Those numbers may be higher with well designed "beautiful" html mails than plain text ones. Lastly, you may want to measure how many people actually opens and reads your mail and when they do it, instead of just letting it languish in your inbox. It's trivial to do by embedding tracking pixels in the html mail, but impossible in plain text ones. Personally, I abhor html mails like the plague, and the people who believe that bold facing or underlining some text somehow makes it easier to decipher some meaning from the text, but they do have a purpose. Mostly for marketing purposes I admit. So lots of people gather on HN because it is so good and soon enough someone realizes that posting links on HN is a good way to gather page hits. It's downhill from there. People begin to post not only about others startups they find interesting, but about their own ones too for fun and profit. Intentionally or unintentionally astro turfing. Then genuinely intersting links also gets accused of being link bait or of promoting some business. Not before long you'll find shady ads on various forums selling links on HN: "tons of karma, 2yr acnt, $20$/ppost" Not a single site built on user submitted content have been able to withstand that plague. I don't care about the other requirements, but the part where you get in if you have a degree from Stanford or MIT is downright mean. Those schools costs tens of thousands of dollars to attend to per semester but does not make you a better developer than having gone to a cheaper college. There is no correlation between the amount of dollars you spend on your education and how educated you are. There is a correlation between having rich parents that can pay for it and going to an expensive school. But I wish people would stop perpetuating this myth about how a great school automatically makes their alumni great. The schools themselves aren't going to do it because expensive fees is what they live on. People who spent that kind of money aren't either because they gain a lot of free and undeserved opportunities from the reputation the school has. But we, the smart techies should know better. George W Bush graduated from Yale for gods sake. Ah, the slippery slope argument. "If WE aren't tight on the rules, the site will quickly degernate into a useless mess." Where have I heard that before? On Wikipedia. It vastly overstates the job of those that delete stuff. They aren't the ones creating a great site. Those that ask and answer questions are. I'd gladly pay £100 or more.. If I actually believed the product would work on me. However, there is so much crap and scams on the internet that it is hard to believe a web site programme would be effective. All the thousands of "get abs in six weeks!" ads has made me cynical. Maybe if someone I trusted had taken the programme and could recommend it to me it would put be over the trust threshold. I think your so question shows exactly why generics are useful. A solution where you pass a callback predicate to the iterating function would work in Go, but be much slower than one in which the predicate logic can be inlined. E.g. if your image is 1920x1200 you would need to call the function that checks if the pixel is opaque 2.3 million times. That approach works ok in Python and Ruby which do not mind being a little on the slow side, but Go is supposed to be closer to the metal so something more efficient is needed. Ah, nothing like some good union-bashing from the economy journalists. Countries like France, Germany, Spain, Japan among others have much more powerful unions than the US, yet they are able to upgrade their rail infrastructure. Either the article is bull or American unions are for some reason more "evil" than in the rest of the world. > Who should I look to for an answer to this problem? In the US, unskilled labour costs are lower than in the rest of the industrialized world. Therefore there is less incentive to replace labour intensive jobs like train conductors with electronic systems that have a high initial capital cost. The Nordic countries and Japan have the most industrial robots per worker because wage costs are very high. But then you have to think everytime whether you should put parantheses there or not. Is the code readable without parantheses? Should I put them there in case someone reads the code in a year and doesn't know about the problem domain ... ? It is not much, but it is extra cognitive load that is wasted. It's akin to programming C and everytime you write a function, if statement or for loop you have to ponder whether it looks best to put the opening brace below the line or at the end of it. I hate reading code with an inconsistent brace placement style like that. But that is fixing the symptom, not curing the disease. Throwing out the guy that manipulates Wikipedia for personal gains stops him, but not any of his peers that are also subverting the project. It is very unlikely that not a lot of governments and corporations have realized how hugely important Wikipedia has become. Therefore I don't think this guy was alone. In the future, people astro turfing Wikipedia will be more careful to avoid being caught but they wont at all disappear. Another way: len(filter(p, xs)) Yes, I'm aware of that. But my philosophy is to always try to conserve keystrokes wherever possible. Premature optimization is the root of all evil and all that. :) For the same reason I prefer to use dict.items() over dict.iteritems() and range() over xrange() and so on. Playing poker, like Texas Hold-Em is definitely a game of skill and not luck. It is absolutely possible to still make big bucks on it if you are skilled enough. My brother used to live a fairly decadent life thanks to his poker winnings from a few years ago. However, that was at the peak of the world wide poker craze where everyone thought they could be millionares by playing Paradise Poker a few hours per day. But the times have changed in online poker and there aren't enough whales around that the poker sharks can exploit for profit anymore. The only way to consistently make money playing poker is if the skill differential between you and your opponents is high enough and in your favor. The lower the difference, the more time it takes to make a profit, the lower your hourly wage gets. On top of that, you can suffer fluctuations or "bad beats" as they call it. One week you may win 100k only to lose it the next week. It is a very stressful situation if poker is your work and you need to win. There is a definite risk of burning out. 85k isn't a lot when it takes 8-10h per day of really boring online poker playing. How would you feel if someone was doing a 10x better job than you? That's the difference between a brilliant engineer and an average one. It doesn't matter if the guy is the nicest person on earth, people will feel threatened by that kind of skill. I don't know how to deal with that situation, the normal human response seem to be to ostracize outliers which an extremely talented developer is. One important difference between how that completion works and zsh's is that zsh cycles between the available completions if you repeatedly type tab. E.g. if you have the files [less01.png, less02.png, less03.png] and type "eog less " in bash will show you the files. Press tab again and it will list the files again. In zsh, the second tab press would fill in "less01.png", then "less02.png" and so on. It's a matter of preference which completion strategy is the best, yes. :) But for me I've found that zsh's way to do it saves me many more keystrokes than bash's way. That almost works. But it seems like you can't have tab to both bring up a list of completions and cycle through completions which zsh does. I made a python script to time the different approaches: https://gist.github.com/3839551 AFAICT, the parent and the interviewer is right because both methods run in roughly the same time because the time of the binary search is orders of magnitude greater than the upper bound finding part. I might have made one or more mistakes though. Hogwash. For every skilled craftsman you can find, I can find ten other idiots making ten times as much money thanks to being born in the right family. Skilled developers recognize that rockstar developers can be ten times as productive as average ones. I haven't ever heard of any developers making ten times the average salary or even double the average. Stock brokers are regularly getting beaten by monkeys when it comes to betting on the stock market, yet they are among the top earners in society. It's just insane to suggest that salaries are fair or that skill is in any way correlated to income. Unless you believe that making lots of money proves that you are good at what you are doing, which makes the whole argument a tautology. Edit: Also, the best work I've done is all open source. It isn't all very good stuff (far from it!), but it certainly is both more valuable and better than the corporate code I write for a living. Then there is http://www.ohloh.net/ that tries to estimate the labour costs of various open source projects. People have plowed thousands of hours of unpaid work into some of the highest regarded software projects on earth just for fun. They will never get properly compensated for their work. "From each according to his ability, to each according to his work." is the famous slogan of Socialism, but it certainly isn't how the world currently operates. The only way you can claim that a developer can make 10x the regular salary, is to have that developer do something other more profitable than development and claim that that makes him or her more excellent. It's a circular argument: "you are doing something that makes lots of money, therefore what you are doing is more excellent than someone making less money." No, making money is about being good at making money. Not to perform outstanding work. The quote is right, "From each according to his ability, to each according to his need" is for Communism, which has a different slogan than Socialism. I think most of your objections can be countered with "don't work with idiots." That none is hired should be managements top priority in every workplace. I can't argue against you because I don't know the specifics. But to me, it seems those that are the most worried about themselves being assholes are the least assholish of people. People who do behave as genuine assholes never reflect upon their own behaviour. One problem, which I suppose is hard to do something about, is that lines are not hyphenated. Blocks of text looks much more aesthetically pleasing if they are. That's the reason I'm reluctantly still writing my CV in Latex - it's the only software that handles hyphenation and kerning really well. But isn't it a big problem that all the blog posts are loaded using Javascript? It means your blog will be fully invisible to Googlebot and anyone coming from search engines. The purpose of a blog is, at least partially, to have readers but loading content via Javascript makes that harder to get. Then why doesn't this search return any posts? https://www.google.com/#hl=en&safe=off&sclient=psy-a... Doesn't seem to work for me. It could be that I'm running Ubuntu (assuming you are on OS X) and my version of wkhtmltopdf (0.9.9) uses an older version of webkit that doesn't have support for hyphenation yet. Sorry, the reason I assumed OS X was because Safari seem to have better hyphenation support than current Linux browser rendering engines. See http://caniuse.com/css-hyphens and http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5356752/webkit-hyphenatio... Tobacco has anti-psychotic properties which can help to alleviate the effects of schizophrenia, which is one reason almost all schizo patients smoke. Alcohol on the other hand can make the condition worse because it has psychotic properties. Marijuana is both psychotic and anti-psychotic so how that will affect the patient is more unclear. There are several wrong things with that post. First of the PKG_CHECK_MODULES macro checks that pkg-config is present on the system and presents a nice error message if it isn't. Second, PKG_CHECK_MODULES can be used to specify several dependencies: PKG_CHECK_MODULES(DEP, foo udev >= 999 neverhere) Then if one or more of the dependencies aren't met, all problems are shown: Package foo was not found in the pkg-config search path. Perhaps you should add the directory containing `foo.pc' to the PKG_CONFIG_PATH environment variable No package 'foo' found Requested 'udev >= 999' but version of udev is 175 Package neverhere was not found in the pkg-config search path. Perhaps you should add the directory containing `neverhere.pc' to the PKG_CONFIG_PATH environment variable No package 'neverhere' found It may not seem like much, but for someone not used to compiling stuff from source it means a lot that all missing dependencies are shown at once. A sloppy shell script to check for the same dependencies would mean that the user would first see "foo not found" and go and download that package, then "udev >= 175 required" and when that is fixed the third error and so on. Also, the error message "You can download mono from www.go.mono.com" isn't very useful for most Linux users. The correct remedy on distros that ship with devel packages is to figure out the name of the package that supplies the include headers and pkg-config file and istall that. pkg-configs error message aren't that great either, but at least they are easily recognizable. In my opinion, autoconf is a very misguided build system. It is designed so that it should have no other requirements on the compiling users system other than a POSIX environment, a shell and a C compiler. It is a completely unnecessary constraint because nowadays everyone is able to install great languages like Python, Ruby, Scheme and many others much more suitable for writing build configuration systems than shell script. There is no point anymore in using the M4 language to generate a 1000 line configure script when a 50 line Python/Ruby/$OtherNiceScriptingLanguage would work just as well. > Was software reinvented in the past few years while I was sleeping? > Is functional programming taking over the world? Yes and yes, and it's awesome! :) Previously functional programming was mostly an academic pursuit but in the last decade it has definitely entered the mainstream. Once you understand FP, you become a much more skilled programmer and can make more efficient solutions even in languages not designed for FP like C. > Is understanding things like Monads and Promises now a must have > for anyone calling themselves a programmer / developer / software engineer / hacker? I don't understanding it per se is the water branching point. Instead the difference between an "office drone engineer" and a hacker is a natural curiosity and interest in learning new things. An office drone will say "damn! now i have to learn this NEW thing, argh." A hacker will instead enjoy it and have a very fun time learning about monads. I don't know if I agree that learning technologies that does not prove to be commercially viable are a waste of time. You can learn a lot from a topic even if it is not directly related to your income. Machine learning is a hobby of mine, which I, sadly, haven't had the chance to work with professionally. But by learning about it, I think my mind has sharpened and I think I now have a much better grasp of linear algebra which is related to my work. Similar experiences can probably be derived by learning about JavaFX, like understanding its pretty smart canvas api. Silverlight has, I don't know, state of the art drm technology for video streaming? The point is that learning is almost always a good investment that pays off. If you love what you are learning about, then the investment becomes much smaller and the payoff almost immediate. I don't get it. Is the library for progressively loading html content? So that you can use multiple threads to handle one request and therefore get higher performance? From the examples given, it is hard to see why regular template rendering wouldn't work just as well. Do people appreciate unsolicited mails from freelance developers? Seems like spamming to me. Also, if you are looking for work why would you waste time with someone who probably does not have any to offer? Blogspot? It's dirt simple to setup, you get your own subdomain and there are millions of things to customize. I'm using it for my blog ( http://bjourne.blogspot.se/ ) and am satisfied with it. The google+ integration and fool-proof spam detection are nice benefits. So the idea is that companies bid against each other on talent? What is to stop them from colluding and bidding just the current bid + 1? E.g. the first company bids 150k, the next one 151k and so on. Also, are the companies supposed to bid on the candidates without even having met them? What if someone has a kick-ass work history but turns out to be a tool in real life? As a Linux user, malicious exe-files doesnt concern me much, but random joksters trying to get me to click on goatse-links does. It especially sucks when you're at work and you thought it was a link to a page describing matrix multiplication. I think that a modern browser should protect you against that. After all, my economic loss is likely to be larger if my boss sees me staring at a bleeding anus than if I catch a malware infection. Just like browser these days detect malware sites they should also detect shock sites. I'm curious to know if you would reciprocate in kind? That is to send me code samples of the work your dev team has done on your company. Your goal is to ensure I'm not a bozo and my goal is to not have to work with bozo colleagues. Hence the exchange of code samples. Fair? Actually my boss has goatse man beaten when it comes to being a huge asshole. But the picture would just make him jealous. Guess you are familiar with http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Survivorship_bias ? In 2009, there were probably tonnes of people trying to exploit the market using similar low-tech methods as you. Even if all of them were at best break-even, some of them likely made a lot of money on their unprofitable algorithms by pure chance thanks to the size of the cohort. Those few blogged about it and those who lost money didn't. :) I'm not saying that you just were lucky (please dont take this as criticism) - survival bias is just one of those things that always come to mind when people write about how they broke the market or when some investor is presenting his incredibly smart investment strategy that has netted him millions. When compiling lists of the best Python libs, one definitely has to check out Pocoo: http://www.pocoo.org/ They are a bunch of dudes who are incredibly skilled at putting together great API:s. All their libraries, from pygments, jinja2 to sphinx are well-documented and extremely simple to use.