I know this isn't the right place to ask this, but why is there no down arrow for submissions/comments? And why when you upmod something does the arrow disappear! Where's the undo? Here's a work in progress of mine that uses long polling and keep-alives. http://www.zchatter.com It works quite well.. pretty much like having a conventional tcp/ip connection for receives, (interlaced with HTTP traffic), and using a separate series of POST requests to send data to the server. I disagree... users love seeing new features. If they don't work so well, they don't care. Most likely they'll enjoy them and feel privileged they are getting to use them before they are really ready. They'll see the potential. They'll start imagining what it'll be like once it's finished. If it's a cool, innovative feature they haven't seen before, they'll see it as proof you're a cool place to be. Even if half of it doesn't work. Get features out often. Of course make sure they don't break anything else, or reduce the users experience, but users love to see a site evolving and changing with them on board. Could also be an cause and effect mixed up - most websites are designed in an F sort of arrangement, with important stuff at the top, and the left side, and some important stuff half way down. Have they been designed like that because that's how users naturally read stuff, or has it just become the 'norm'. Apart from a failed startup? Seems to be power in general - my MacBook power supply had issues, and apparently it's very common for the casing of the wire to start melting and burning, which is what happened to mine... Quite worrying really. What??!?!?? Explain your workings please. "Can I reformat my iPod and install something else?" Erm yes, of course you can. There's a thriving open source community for iPods replacement O/S and software. Of course. Using the 'standard' firmware on anything is just downright boring. Most firmware uses like 50% of the hardwares capabilities. I'd like some automated rating of video feeds. Write some software to rate how 'interesting' a feed is currently. Start with the easy - is much changing? is there any audio? Then move onto harder things - how many people are viewable in the video. Then maybe you could display the feeds in order of current 'interestingness'. Otherwise trawling through them gets a bit tedious. Is anyone else really really bored with facebook and all the news stories/hype/hyperbole surrounding it? I agree. I'm bored of the over-hyping. Erm since when were 'ajax' or 'html/css' considered programming languages? People are incredibly fickle. Wasn't myspace around this 'hype' status last year? What website will be next year? Probably not facebook. I used to use desktop email. Pain in the neck - what about when you're using a different PC, what about when you're upgrading to a new O/S, what if you're at an internet cafe and just need to find that email... GMail is excellent. Well thought out interface, and it just works. How much money are we talking? I was under the impression that writing facebook apps is not really a way to make money. After all it's not a simple task to incorporate adverts. People on google are looking for stuff. They'll click on ads if it looks like they'll find the stuff. On facebook people aren't looking for stuff. They're looking for interactions..... with other humans.... not with adverts. Sure, if you can build a big app and then sell it to a company that just wants to 'brand' it and get some exposure that's cool, but I'm pretty skeptical you can make a 'surprising amount of money'. Care to share some examples? Agreed. Using jpegs for what are essentially screenshots makes me sad. jpg is for photos. png/gif is for other graphics. The usual is more like 20-30% override for advertising networks. Still a fair chunk of change though. Surely you can share ballpark figures :) easy to test because it doesn't do much... Only works in the preview though, when you view the page normally all the script/style is stripped out looks like. Saying the user registration is good speaks volumes :) No real product or reason to use it, but at least it's easy to sign up! If all you want is a preview functionality, how about Hardly rocketscience is it... jedit 'professor' comes across as a total dick to me. If he thought the valuation was too low, why didn't he say that instead of insulting people and pissing them off. Talking up the complexity just doesn't cut it for me with this. It's a simple little thing. No way are there "500 different things to do". Maybe 500 lines of code :) Why not open source and let hackers on here help ;) Google never spiders everything . I'd be really surprised if google had caught every single story that had been posted here. OR the flip side - a web consultancy that advises countries on how best to learn English ;) Anyone else find the "COOL multimedia buzzcloud" on that page deeply un cool? I want those 3 minutes back I wasted reading this!!! The music was really quite irritating. Aiming was very hard to get right. Gave up. I don't get it personally. What problem does it solve? How is it better than gmail? Why do I need it? Listing "It extracts phone numbers" as a feature seemed to be scraping the barrel a bit to me. Gmail extracts loads of things. Heck it even recognizes parcel tracking numbers and provides a link to track them afaik. Am I right in thinking it plugs into outlook express? eugh eugh and eugh. I forgot to say desktop email is pretty much dead or soon will be. Who uses a desktop email client these days? "I realize that many of you don't use Outlook anymore and have moved on to Gmail or some other better way to do mail." For me that says it all. Maybe it'll be useful in corporate environments that force people to use outlook, but beyond that I'm not so sure it has much of a shelf life. Could always have a downvote, but weight it as far less than an upvote. Personally I miss having the option of a downvote. Yes I agree downvotes can be an uninformed reflex, but removing any voice of disagreement seems overly harsh. I'd say have upvotes that count as 10 points, and downvotes that count as 1 point or something like that. Here is why we need a down arrow. So what happens if something stupid or banal gets voted up to the front page. What if it's something that I don't think is relevant or useful. Should I upvote every other article to express my opinion? :) People who agree with an article/think it's important/useful have an immediate way to express that in a useful way - an upvote. You don't have the same capability if you strongly disagree with an article, see it as unimportant, not relevant, or off-topic. I still think that's a shame. Not gonna happen IMHO. Facebook is about interacting with other people. Not about clicking on adverts. Google on the other hand is about finding stuff, which can sometimes be achieved by clicking on an ad. And make a lot more money ideas are easy. Executing them is harder. Interesting post. Shame there isn't any discussion of advertising revenue though. Users that choose not to pay can still generate a lot of revenue from advertising. Microsoft..... desparate? ah ok sure. Perhaps it's some sort of dating/matchmaking system. I can see that working, although that's a pretty crowded market already. true :) ok, ideas are easy. Ideas that could potentially make a lot of money aren't too hard to come up with. Ideas that could be the next big thing, are also within most peoples grasp. Still think coming up with the idea is maybe 5% of the work. It's almost as bad as people who register what they think is a great domain name and think that's their website pretty much done now. Yeah arithmetic is so hard most calculators have bugs in them... oh wait a second... some of them seem to be hidden at the bottom of the timeline. I can see the very top half of the text, but not the whole lot. (FF+Mac) I like JSON. Easy to read, easy to work with. I agree. My first thought was "Hmm lots of big adverts.. what else is here?". Then I read and realized. I agree... I like facebook for 2 reasons: It lets me find old friends I've lost touch with, and it shows me what they're up to every now and then. The rest of the crap (Feeding virtual fishes, 'poking' each other), they can keep. The whole 'myspace' mentality of 'requesting friend' then adding ad infinitum - I think that's the weirdest thing. People who religiously seek out 'friends' to add etc. When you have hundreds or even thousands of 'friends' they become meaningless.