Ok, others have tried a little bit of the math, but this is a difficult form for that. So here is a very intuitive (i.e. hand-wavy) way to think about the type of relationships we are talking about. Suppose you have a (finite) cloud of points in three dimensions. For example, a bunch of GPS measurements. Lets just imagine that they are roughly elliptical, stretched out like a football. For simplicity we'll subtract the mean from this, so our co-ordinates come from the middle of this cloud. I can take this set of (x,y,z) points and and find the eigen (which means "characteristic") vectors and values for this set of points. The first eigenvector will point along the long axis of the "football" (right through the pointy bits) because this is the strongest, in some sense, single direction that is represented. It won't be perfectly aligned with a finite number of points... The second and third eigenvectors will between them form a plane perpendicular to this. So essentially what you've done is found a co-ordinate system that is aligned with the data (modulo some details, this is essentially what a procedure called Principal Component Analysis (PCA) does. Now that's the vectors, what about the values? The eigenvalues tell you the relative importance of each direction. If you stretch the "football" out, the first eigenvalue, which was associated with the first eigenvector pointing along the long axis, will be larger relative to the others. If you use a basketball, they'll all be the same magnitude. Does that help? The idea generalizes a lot from what I've told you, but there are a ton of places you can look up the details if you'd like. > That's NOT healthy at all This statement assumes facts not in evidence. There is a lot of argument about what the best distributions are, without any real resolution at this point. The author reasonable chose to target a standard without claiming it was the only way to go. This is what "no real resolution yet" means: every few years we get a pet theory or two. The reason this so easily devolves into a `religious` argument scenario is because the basic science is still too weak. The author did the right thing to stay well shut of all that in this article. It seems that often articles like this overstate their case to the point that it really detracts from the message. There is a valid point, that a naive analysis of linked list vs. static array based on intro CS course descriptions of their properties isn't a good model for what is going on in a modern system. The real lesson is: if you want to achieve high performance you simply must understand the impact of things like cache localization, vectorization, hardware prefetch, pipelining etc., and how your data structure operation will interact with them. "Never use a linked list" is a silly lesson to take from this though. "In these situations, linked lists might not perform as well as you expect" is more like it. "Use the right data structure for the job" is still as good advice as it ever was. Going into a Ph.D for the money is a bit like going into a sport for the laughs. You might well find some, but it's not the point. Synaptive Medical - Full time in Toronto. Newly formed Medical device start up in Toronto, young and growing quickly. We're building equipment and applications for neurosurgical procedures. It's a great group of engineers with a lot of energy and applications we all believe in. Current looking for people in many roles, such as: - Software development - Software test - Scientific software development - Embedded systems - Mechatronics - Optomechanical - Systems - User interface Highly relevant areas of experience for various roles: - Medical device industry - Medical imaging - MRI and MRI physics - Spectroscopy and endoscopy - Data converters (ADC/DAC) - FPGA - High performance interconnects - Realtime systems - Data streaming - Signal processing (image and/or video) - Neuroanatomy - Surgical suite equipment - Standards: ISO 13485, IEC 60601, ISO 14971, IEC 62304 Posting and application details at: synaptivemedical.com (or contact me: simon at the same domain.) I think the efficiency of these sensors is quite good, latest generation full frame camera sensor operate well at lower ligh t than you can see in, for example. Fitting more of them into tiny arrays and maintaining exposed surface is more of a problem, and noise properties could be better. At the end of the day though, there are limits to what can ever be achieved with tiny sensors like we currently see in most cel phones; you can pack things in more tightly but you can't avoid the optical physics. This property is quite intuitive. Small and big here are relative to the variance of the underlying distributions. Simple case: think about trying to decide if as normal distribution has mean 0 or mean 1. If the std dev is 0.001, it won't take you very many samples to be fairly confident to this resolution, but of the deviation is 1000, you'll need a lot of samples. Similarly if the std deviation is only 1, but you are trying to decide if the mean is 0 or 0.001, Far more samples needed. The intuition generalizes quite well. In the OP case, typically requires sample size estimates will be proportional to the square of the ratio between the size you want to measure and a deviation estimate. The article does mention this, at the end of the correlation paragraph. How does this project relate to crossroads IO, if at all? I don't think that's quite right, if I understand correctly you could have the interpreter so long as there was no download and run of external code. I'm sure I've seen a Lua environment like this. Not in my experience. I've worked both as a research mathematician and as a programmer working on production software. Even applied to the "same" types of problems, I've found them to be very different in day to day activities, goals, incentives ... really they are quite far apart. To expand a bit on what Shinkei has said, and mostly this applies outside the brain as well: CT is basically xrays in the round. You'll nominally use a radon transform (the actual approach is usually a back projection algorithm) to reproduce 3D position from a number of individual images. There are many good properties of this, it is relatively fast and cheap, it has very good spatial accuracy (e.g. a distance you measure on the image corresponds to a distance in the subject), but you have very little flexibility with tissue contrast. If an x-ray won't differentiate the features you are looking for, mostly you can only hope to add a contrast agent (typically expensive, fiddly, and more dose) where that is applicable. By comparison, an MRI is more of a programmable imaging machine. You can get a lot of different contrasts by use of different pulse sequences, so you may be able to see features that are completely invisible in CT. On top of that, you can do interesting things with the time dimension and how things are changing while you image. This leads to approaches like functional MRI mapping which most people have heard of, but also diffusion and perfusion imaging. This can give you an idea of what is happening functionally, particularly in the brain. Downsides: time consuming (hence expensive), poor spatial accuracy, artifacts. So for diagnostics or surgical planning, you get a lot more information from an MRI, but this also can take a lot more effort to interpret and understand. also useful - 3D slicer: http://www.slicer.org/ This is a cross platform viewer that is fairly capable (although very limited in 3D) and has some dicom communication capability. That is highly improbable. This action is a core function of what the FDA does. (expanding a little on nknighthb's comments): The primary path to approval to market for a new device or drug is the PMA (pre market approval). This is fairly extensive an costly for the company (e.g. clinical trials). A 510(k) filing allows you to take a short cut by identifying a "predicate device" that is "substantially equivalent". In other words you are saying "we do the same as X but we [also do Y/do this differently/etc.]". At least, you are claiming this for the scope of your "indications for use" (which are the only uses you can market your device for). This doesn't let you off the hook entirely at all. You still need to demonstrate safety and efficacy, perform risk analysis, follow standard manufacturing and product development methodologies (e.g. ISO13485, IEC60601, etc. ), but it is a lot faster and less involved than a PMA. If you don't use one of these accelerated paths, you'll need a PMA before you can market your product in the US. The key issue here is that 23andme has filed one or more 510(k)'s, but have failed to support them properly. For what little it's worth am somewhat surprised at the naive misrepresentation shown by many here of what the FDA does, how they do it, and what they are actually expressing in this case. That's not true. The FDA position is unchanged. They have been in talks since 2009 to help 23andme understand what they need to file, and how to do it. 23andme has (repeatedly, it sounds like) failed to do that. This notice is a standard corrective action taken by the FDA after failure to complete 510(k) submissions. But is it so similar? There aren't many (any?) real world problems that you can apply economic theory to and get incontrovertible answers to. Studying mathematics can get you there at least some of the time. I agree it is very important to understand something about (beyond introductory) various approaches to economics if you want to understand how key people involved were thinking about these problems. Here the use of the methods are more important that their accuracy or precision. For that matter, understanding politics (something neither maths or economic thinking does well) is probably much more important to your stated examples. Generally speaking, yes you do have to do this but there is a waiver for smaller amounts (such as typically would be encountered during a vacation). Often in the crypto world, these are exactly the good intentions with which the road to hell(pwnage?) is paved. Knowing this, I hope you can appreciate why the burden of proof on your unproven team and approach is fairly high. The author is fairly obviously suffering from selection bias when claiming that "Lisp programmers tend to be ignorant of applied mathematics." In the past I've been part of the overlapping communities to some degree, and that wasn't my experience at all. I really don't understand this sort of response. The right way to understand the behaviour of computations on a real machine is inherently mathematical. This is why, for example, we have an entire discipline of numerical analysis, just for starters. Programmers very commonly make elementary mistakes in computation precisely because they don't understand this, and don't approach the problems mathematically. Ignoring overflow, or pretending floats have infinite precision is antithetical to thinking about these problems mathematically. Conversely, any mathematician worth their salt will approach computation on a computer not as a black box, but as a concrete implementation. Mathematicians make lots of programming errors (some of them quite egregious and easily avoidable). Misunderstanding floating point representations or the overflow behaviour don't tend to be among them in my experience. By the way: Knuth used a hypothetical machine to avoid the quirks of a concrete one distracting from the discussion. A more important and often overlooked adage - make it correct before you try to make it fast. My confusion at your (and others, not meaning to pick on this one) response is more fundamental than that. There is no way in which thinking about these things is somehow divorced from thinking about things mathematically. To me "Merely depending on a mathematical model" isn't a problem that actually happens much. Failing to think about these things, on the other hand, very much is. Are EMC/RSA denying that they took money from the NSA? That alone seems damning, since I can't think of any way that the existence of such a contract for any stated purpose doesn't undermine the credibility of the company fatally. Sure, it's exactly the sort of request you would expect. It's also exactly the sort of request you need to stay well shut of if you want credibility as a crypto provider to business and consumers. Any interactions with agencies like the NSA taint you, regardless of the intent. By their very nature they are suspect in this context. Better late than never, I suppose. Assuming this is a legit leak. You don't have to assume the NSA is evil to understand that its mandate means you can never trust their incentives in something like this. You don't have to have any bad guys to have conflicts in purpose and incentive, and this has clearly been true for the entire existence of such interactions. This is the real reason. CM works pretty well right out of the box (and by default, so if you don't care that's what you get) for mathematics, very few fonts do and most of those are expensive. What people seem to forget is what a terrible, terrible state of affairs it was that drove Knuth to spend 10 years or whatever on this stuff. Prior to that the options universally sucked. Even now there really aren't many viable alternatives for typesetting mathematics, and TeX/LaTeX is by far the best of them. But it only comes with one (or two if you count Euler) with full symbol support. The main problem isn't supporting other text fonts (including TTF), but the fact that those fonts don't properly support the symbols. So all in all it's a bit of a nasty aesthetic trade-off. There are several packages that attempt to create symbol sets to match things like palatino, with varying success. Some are just terrible. And there are a few commercially available ones that do support most if not all symbols, so if it's worth a few hundred dollars to you there is that route. Nothing has great solution for web, really. We're slowing moving from execrable to ugly but at least it is progress. I think you may have hit on the crux of it. If any stronger repudiation were offered, would that be the government opening itself up to 25000 expensive lawsuits? JPEG isn't crude, agreed. But your comments seem off to me. The core trick isn't DCT per se, it is transform coding, Which both DCY and wavelets are, followed by (usually) quantization and then entropy coding. Typical wavelets used are orthonormal transforms, no loss there. The "lack of texture and softened edges" are a choice of the model used, not a consequence of the transform. True also of DCT and blocking artifacts. This should be obvious since both approaches allow for lossless encoders. Typically wavelets will beat or match JPEG in any situation both in terms of psnr and the like, and perceptually (though this latter is much more controversial and poorly defined -- and to be fair I am not up to date on the literature here but I would be surprised of that has changed in the last decade). The real reason for the huge popularity of DCT in still compression at first and video codecs later is that it is cheap to implement in hardware. And once there becomes very cheap to use. JPEG 2000 is needlessly complex, at its core a wavelet codec is also very simple and elegant. The real (and all to common to run into ) problem isn't having 100x the samples you really need, it is having 1/10 the samples you really need... And not knowing that. That's not quite right either. It's more like: "You will have the opportunity to work hard (at something that people value) and become successful." It's the first part that's the kicker, and contentious here. Having lived and worked in the health care industry in both countries, I'll have to respectively disagree. I can see how your personal experience must be very frustrating, and I'm not attempting to belittle that. However on the whole the Canadian system is better at delivering the health care that is needed. Overall, it works better for more people, more of the time, and much more efficiently (i.e. cost effectively). The latter point means that sometimes people with non-critical issues have to wait -- usually not very long notwithstanding the stories people sometimes focus on (the dramatic failure modes of the US system are much, much worse). That being said, if you a) have the right insurance, b) live in the right state, c) have money, and d) live in the right part (typically urban) of the state -- you can get very good care very quickly in the US. Unfortunately that leaves out an awful lot of people. Weren't Senn momentums available at that time? People have already pointed out the specific problems with this approach so I won't repeat them. It's worth reiterating, though: If you are writing c++ these days and find yourself reaching for a preprocessor macro, I think that's a good sign you should think really carefully about what you are actually trying to do. Chances are really good there is a (much) better way. Are you sure of those numbers? Sources I've seen has the area of Canada larger than that of the US, and US close to that of China. Russia is significantly bigger, as you note. This may have been how you were taught, and that's unfortunate. It is not, however, "how mathematics is taught". I assume you mean the "reduction" process. The "redaction" process is an important part of the scientific process! I know you were being sarcastic, but I think you are also being a bit unfair. Publication is necessary these days at perhaps an unfortunate rate, I agree. However at least most research mathematicians publish largely to share ideas. After all, that's the best part of the job. Certainly this is true of the vast majority of them in my experience, and the ones weren't motivated by this tended to be very focused on teaching and very good at it. "and it pretty much just boils down to intuitive addition, multiplication, and division." Or does it? After all, probability is one of the very first mathematical tools to be divised, but a rigorous theoretical underpinning for probability and statistics had to wait until measure theory, millenia later. And this was not for want of trying. Part of what makes things "boil down" to the simple and intuitive is years of hard work. Reading Newtons original work on the calculus is painful and convoluted, it took many hands to polish it to the point you might have seen it in. If we've done our jobs well as mathematicians, eventually the essence of an idea will be easy to understand an apply. If you really want to understand it though, you may have to dig into some much deeper work. And often, as with many thing is in mathematics, human intuition will just tend to be wrong about it (e.g. the Monty Hall problem). FYI: "unsolicited" probably isn't the word you meant to use there (perhaps "unsupported"). This is literally unsolicited advice. Ah, yes, it is plausible that I was being too literal minded and it was merely grammatically awkward with a different intent. I usually wouldn't comment but I think many here are not native English speakers (so might appreciate it), but more telling the setup appealed to my sleep deprived brain. Always perilous, amusing yourself. Can you elaborate why this "sucked hard"? Hiring your boss can be a lot better than just being handed one, after all. It sounds like the company was growing quickly and running into organizational issues because of it, makes sense they might be looking to hire some people with more experience than any 25 is likely to be able to offer. Or did you mean you were hoping for a Valve style structure, and they weren't going there? It could have been a mistake on their part, but actual "parasitism" is pretty rare in practice. It's a shame if you haven't experienced good technical management yet. It is typical for a company to outgrow its early hires capability to manage that growth well; approx 50 people is a fundamental transition for most. This is difficult, often painful, and is likely to go more smoothly by adding relevant experience and maturity to the team. When the dust settles it's a different company and, if done well, capable of much more than it was. Isn't that easily avoided though? Surely you could protect existing franchises or franchise regions without constraining a manufacturers ability to sell without franchise, or in regions where no franchisee exists. They aren't comparable products, that is sort of the point. The idea is that until Tesla shipped the model S, there was a "gap" in the market offerings, but the closest thing to that gap was the Prius. So people bought Prius, but as soon as a better (for them) option was available they jumped ship. In a much larger and more destructive way, this is what happened to RIM. The blackberry had many users who, given the option, actually wanted something else in a smartphone and happily left RIM for alternatives as soon as they existed. There is an important lesson in this for all businesses. It is dangerous to assume a customer is "yours" if the real issue is that the market isn't meeting their needs very well. In this case someone else can acquire a huge number of "your" customers in a very short time.... Of course the real problem there isn't that everyone looked at the (roughly iphone shaped) hole in the market and said to themselves "eh, that won't really be a problem"; the real problem is that this existed in a blind spot, or its practicality was underestimated. I think this is extremely likely for you. It may be partially due to my training as a researcher keeping my eyes open to it, but it is a pretty rare month that goes by where I don't run into an interesting problem I could easily spend a year or two working productively on. Many of them don't come out of my current work or even during my work time. The idea of running out of "good ideas" is unfathomable to me, honestly. Running out of time is very easy to imagine, though. The "wisdom of crowds" part of the title is a bit unfortunate. While there can be systemic problems with that type of approach, this does not really demonstrate them. What is demonstrated is when you give the students an algorithm for a biased estimator, the estimate they get is biased. This is good; empirical demonstration is useful... but it isn't the wisdom/unwisdom of crowds, really. edit: good responses! Unfortunately I don't have enough time right now to properly clarify how/why I'm looking at it this way. But that misses the whole point of why the "wisdom of crowds" actually works when it does. To wit; the individual biases and estimation errors can tend to cancel out. This is exactly the opposite of the demonstration, which is a systemic, biased estimator.