It's 2014. Passwords need to be treated as a serious matter. Legacy system or not, there is no good reason to reduce keyspace. As others have mentioned, this is a sign that passwords are being made compatible with old phones without these letters available... and likely the passwords being reduced to numbers before storage. The prohibition of special characters also seems to corroborate this. Furthermore, the poster below who showed screenshots of being emailed their password indicates JetBlue is storing passwords either in plain-text, or encrypting them (both just as bad), instead of properly cryptographically hashing before storage. Link bait to boost StackExchange account. There is a prior discussion already at: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7741443 Pay this post no attention. I would argue that every programmer should be at least exposed to some assembly, so you can understand (and appreciate) a little more about how the computer actually does what it does. A great (free!) ebook pdf is "Programming From The Ground Up" on the GNU site: http://download.savannah.gnu.org/releases/pgubook/ SEO tactics and practices change so rapidly... almost any article or book written about SEO is outdated by the time it's released (unfortunately). Tactics that were considered "best practices" even 6 months ago may actually harm your site these days. -- There is no magic bullet for SEO. Typically I'm very anti-regulation -- but it seems proven ISP's need to be regulated to some degree. An ISP should do nothing more (or less) than just pass data from point A to point B (aka. "dumb pipes"). We are in the Information Age and unhindered access to information should be a commodity. It's a conflict of interest to be both an ISP and a content provider. I think it's the other way around ;-P Wait a minute! You mean my ever-increasing ISP fees at my home are not for the ISP to build a better network? You mean to tell me the ISP is now going to charge content providers for the ability to provide me with content that I'm already paying my ISP to deliver? You mean to tell me my content providers are now going to likely increase their fees to cope with this "fast lane"? This sounds an awful lot like extortion, and double billing. ISP's... you have one (1) job. Deliver packets. "I would have done this differently. I would have taken the time to consider the future" Yet she did not consider the future one bit. > Information security and customer data protection are of paramount importance to eBay Inc Which is exactly why we took 3 months to inform you, you've been hacked. It's because we care. Don't you see? P.O. Box should do it... cost someplace between $30-$75 a year for a small sized one. Leo could stay "homeless" if he chooses, but should at least have the comfort of knowing he has a hot meal if he chooses. I think the fact that the article title has a capitalized "S" in "systemd" speaks for itself -- ie. the author doesn't know much about systemd nor has followed systemd development. College helps teach critical thinking skills, which is very important. A lot of people seem to have the notion that college is "job/career training", well, it isn't (and if you are in college thinking that, you're in for an unpleasant surprise). No CS student graduates and is capable of engineering large-scale projects without at least several years as being a junior to someone and learning "how to do it in the real world". Most CS students graduate and don't even know what source control is. No, but college is about learning to think critically, and independently. You learn some cool topics along the way (and some not-so-cool topics), which stretch your brain and challenge those critical thinking skills. I think people view college wrong. Everyone should go to college. We want a more educated, more critically and independently thinking society. And that's what college provides. How much is your future worth to you? For motivated students, getting tuition assistance, and sometimes even free tuition is not difficult. There are so many scholarships available, FASFA, free grant money, and at worse, loans which are very low interest and you don't start making payments on it for several years. Tuition today may be inflated a little, I'll give you that. But I believe it more accurately reflects what it costs to provide said education. Who pays for the lights? Water? Building maintenance? It's not sustainable (as has been proven) to subsidize college education so significantly for everyone. So instead, the subsidies have been moved to scholarships, grants, loans, etc. It's a perspective thing. I'm a firm believer that college should not be free. You have to have some of your own "skin in the game", otherwise it's taken for granted. Your education, and accomplishments thereafter will be much more tangible if it was achieved by you for you. How are you "not convinced"? There is nothing to convince. College teaches you to write better (critical thinking skills in practice), interpret better (more critical thinking), implement better (yet more critical thinking), etc. Even your major courses teach you critical thinking. Of course you can teach yourself all the material you would learn during major courses. That stuff is largely irrelevant outside of college. If the argument is then "college teaches nothing", well then, I can't argue with you because this is nonsense. Get a degree from a reputable 4 year university and then come tell me it was a total absolute waste of 4 years. You may think that while attending college, but it's wasted effort. The true value of a college education is intangible. This debate always gets me. The sides are: 1) I should bother to better myself and learn more, show motivation and ambition; I can always be better. 2) I shouldn't bother to better myself and learn more, show motivation nor ambition; I'm good enough right now. Cost of education is largely irrelevant if you pursue scholarships and grants, or even low interest loans. Majority of a student's "school expenses" are not tuition, but rather in large part are living expenses -- which the student would incur even if not attending college. That would not result in a message of "True Crypt Is Not Secure!!!!" in bold red. Seems to be geared towards frightening people. I concur -- likely an elaborate website deface. NSA is obviously in on it. Who else would recommend using holy-bug-riddled proprietary-back-doored-on-purpose encryption software? ;-P Good point. If true, I'd much rather have them post a countdown clock and say "If we don't reach X funding goal in donations by date Y, then we will be forced to close the project". Funds would come in then... a lot of people depend on truecrypt. Is source still available? Can we check the commit tree for anything suspicious lately? Can someone compile it and check the hash against the 7.2 binary being offered? Project on SF is still available if you have a direct link: http://sourceforge.net/projects/truecrypt/files/TrueCrypt/ http://sourceforge.net/projects/truecrypt/?source=navbar http://sourceforge.net/p/truecrypt/activity/?page=0&limit=10... Odd, 6 hours ago someone updated the TruCrypt-key.asc files, then 3 hours later posted all the new binaries. Also odd is whoever posted the new binaries completely yanked all the previous ones, leaving only the new and questionable binary available for download. hmm... 2 things. 1) Obviously I was joking in my comment above. 2) That post is dated well before common knowledge of how "in-bed" Microsoft is with the USA spy agencies (at least management is). This is a topic for another discussion, but I just want to point out that, of course someone being coerced under gag order to install less-than above-water "features" and/or purposefully weaken the product would say exactly what is in the blog post. If, and only if, this is a legitament change done by a majority copyright holder(s) and/or project owner. I would be absolutely shocked if there was some reason any VC++ lib would not install on any modern Windows OS. Microsoft has many faults, but backwards compatibility is not one of them. I doubt this would be the reason. (Also, TrueCrypt runs on OSX and Linux too, so a build environment dependent on Windows-only seems odd). Such as managing complex build processes. The nice thing about git, is there is a ton of possible workflows depending on how much you care, how knowledgeable you are about git, level of effort willing to put forth, etc. I've found my workflow in git has changed over the years... just like my coding style does. Yes, but CS majors come out of school with some level of understanding about how computing works... not just how to write code. No it's not. Libressl is a different team; one that feels a fork was more appropriate than just fixing the problems in openssl. IMHO, libressl is a mistake. It's splitting resources over something that needs to be as air-tight as possible. I'd much rather have 1 really really good ssl library that everyone uses instead of 2 so-so ones. I agree. There was no rush to switch away 6 months ago. The latest version (besides the new decrypt-only release) was over a year ago. It's pretty solid from my use-case... and the audit should relax any fears (nothing obvious has been discovered yet). I think the "security concerns" expressed on the truecrypt page are more-or-less for future visitors to understand the project is not maintained anymore (albeit a poor way to go about expressing that) > You can't start fixing things in other peoples' source tree just like that. Yes, you can. It's called contributing to a project. If the "half million lines of diffs" were actually things needing fixing, then the upstream team would accept them. If they are not necessary changes (such as ripping out all windows compatibility), then no, they would reject such changes. It will take years, maybe a decade before a new ssl library becomes the "default". OpenSSL has a lot of ground covered and a lot of history. Yes, it's common knowledge that libressl started before heartbleed, but the reasons for the project being started are mostly along the lines of: 1) We don't think upstream would take these changes 2) We don't like some aspects of the design philosophy 3) We can do it better. All 3 reasons can be collapsed into a more focused effort to fix the already existing and very good ssl library; openssl. There is no doubt that is the intention. The doubt is whether or not it is a good call to fork openssl instead of attempting to get changes into upstream that fix it and make it better, safer, more reliable. Good. We need to Name-n-Shame these ISP's into doing good by their customers. There was an interesting interview with Comcast CEO the other day where he said, "[We] don’t wake up everyday and go to work and say we want to be hated.” But then he attempted to shift the blame to content providers: "Roberts followed up this statement by saying that Comcast is mostly hated because 'it’s the company consumers have to deal with when other companies raise their prices.'" http://bgr.com/2014/05/28/comcast-ceo-roberts-interview/ NO, the recourse is to choose independent ISP's. They generally offer better pricing for faster speeds with less BS, ie no monitoring, ad injections, throttling, etc. You will have to look for ones in your area, but they are there. Usually each major city will have a few. Rural areas will tend to have more WISP's (wireless isp's) that are also small and all about their customers. The recourse is to call your Senator and Congressman and demand they force big ISP's to lease fiber/copper to smaller companies, much like phone-line providers are required to lease their copper to other companies. This will help spur competition, which means everyone wins. Then you become the steward of the project and continue forward. Forking will introduce an untold number of new bugs, some of which may be worse than imagined. Right now, native libressl only works on bsd's, when openssl codebase works on many os's. There are ports being made, which will introduce more bugs. Bugs being in a tracker for years is not uncommon. Here's OpenSSH's tracker: https://bugzilla.mindrot.org/buglist.cgi?bug_status=__open__... 331 bugs, a large majority of which are pre 2012. This is not a sign of inactive/apathetic developers. It's a sign of big and old projects. I have no doubt the OpenBSD folk are excited about this now... but 5 years from now? More? What's the long term viability of this project? Will they eventually put all OS's on an equal footing instead of *BSD's first and port to other OS's? Forking was not the answer. The answer was to fix the perceived problems in OpenSSL and make it as solid as it can be. It's splitting talent and resources unnecessarily. Especially when the two projects are under the same umbrella (OpenBSD Foundation). Yup, just like all these OpenSSH bugs: https://bugzilla.mindrot.org/buglist.cgi?bug_status=__open__... Fork it now! ~~~ Seriously, stop buying into all the hype generated by heartbleed. Things will simmer down, and it's doubtful libressl will replace openssl anytime in the next 5 years as the standard default ssl lib for many things. I do not buy into OpenSSL devs not wanting bugfixes. Where are the public rejections/closures of submitted fixes? There aren't any. There are just assumptions that they wont take certain patches, or submitted patches waiting for review (how about you jump in and help review?). is this real? seems a little... "over-share-y" for an interview? There is a $30,000 audit currently underway. There will be no security problems un-turned when they are through. That's assuming there are any to begin with (Personally, I think not). I see no issue picking up the codebase and running with it. It's code. There are no secrets. Problems come up when nobody reads the code. Right now, there's an awful lot of people reading this code (Given the strange warning's posted on the TC site). This is not really a "GOP Bill". It's really one Representative's bill. (perhaps influenced by the big5 isp's) I doubt it will go anywhere. (Let's not let partisanship get in the way of net neutrality folks.) That does not matter. In the USA, House Representatives can draft their own bills at any time. Now, if a huge portion of the party co-signs or sign-support of the bill, then it would be fair to call it a "GOP Backed Bill". But right now, it's not. If we get the Gov't to force ISP's to lease their copper/fiber to other ISP companies (smaller independent guys) then they wouldn't have to lay their own infrastructure and it would build a lot of competition quickly. Telecom companies already have this regulation. (CLEC 1996) > IMHO all US regulations that have the force of law should have to be passed by both houses of congress to be legal. They do. House and Senate both have to approve, then comes the possible veto by the pres. Are you sure? Gold is one of the most soft/malleable metals used to plate connectors? (I know it's one the best best conductors). And we all know, there's no difference between the $150 hdmi cable and the $5 hdmi cable except cosmetics and perhaps some better shielding. They're all digital connections, so the signal/bits are either there or are not. I put Macallan 18 in my ice. That's right. ;-P Again, the bits are either there or they are not (corruption). I don't see your point, because it seems to back my earlier point. You'd be surprised. The $150 hdmi cable is likely manufactured alongside the $5 cables in the same factory, then just sold to different brands (Monster vs. Store-brand). It's fairly common... Samsung makes almost all the parts of the Best Buy store-brand TV's... they're essentially a slightly lower-grade samsung tv with the store-brand slapped on and sold cheaper. This is just plain wrong information. If you want to stereo-type and entire party's platform, then the GOP's would be anti-regulation and free-market... not imposing legislation to solidify "fast-lanes" and be generally anti-competitive. Seriously, the Democrats don't understand the internet just as much as the GOP, or the Green Party, etc. Let's stop making this a partisanship issue. Net neutrality is too important for petty squabbling. lol, where are you buying cables? You can lose half the wires (2 pairs) and still pass 100Mbps easily. Will it still cost me an Arm, a Leg, and my first born to obtain the dev tools and compile code? Here's some system specs they are running your code in: ~~~~~~~ Executing Build Command: javac /root/HelloWorld.java Executing Run Command: java -classpath /root HelloWorld Cores: 4 CPU Arch: amd64 Total Mem (Bytes JVM sees): 236257280 Max Mem (Bytes JVM sees): 3506438144 Free Mem (Bytes JVM sees): 235023784 Root Dirs: / Get OS (direct output): Linux Get OS (sanitized output): Unix/Linux OS Arch: 64 Process exited successfully ~~~~~~~~ http://runnable.com/U4zos2qEWoJSgH4Z/sys-info-example-for-ja... Nice, but some users are not "honorable". And you make it super easy and quick to make accounts, no confirmation, just enter some email address. (not that i'm complaining about that part, i like easy signups... but it may open you to abuse).