I can make a fairly accurate guess of what type of scan an MRI scanner is running by the noise it makes. T2, PDFS, T1, types of gradient echoes etc. I'm not alone in this and know a fair few people who can. I have managed to tell when a scan is badly set up with this technique too, really surprises people! It still used a lot. And they still leak. Or ingestion - I imagine fluid exchanges become a bit worse... Houses were cheap in your Dads day/country! Here in New Zealand average house costs are about 9.5x average wage. I think the average New Zealanders wage would make a US woman feel good. Sources: http://stats.govt.nz/browse_for_stats/income-and-work/Income... http://www.qv.co.nz/onlinereports/propertyvaluemap.htm America certainly isn't the good guy in the middle east. If there is a measure that puts America ahead I'd like to hear it. This is not, however, a defense of Iran. Can everyone involved be the bad guy? Given that the NYT is reporting that top secret documents were just left in a trailor in Iraq by the ton, I suspect that it's more likely the drone was landed in Iran by accident. I believe it's related to this. Try leaning into the bore fast then pulling your head out, fast. Many people lose their balance temporarily. Something to do with inducing currents in the fluid in the inner ear I believe. A smaller version of the effect causes the sensation that you are moving when you lie still in the bore. Edit: can't get the link easily as am on iPad, but google "MRI eddy currents" and watch a slab of aluminium fall Projectile injuries are one issue. Heating, induced current, hearing loss are others. FDA is investigating setting up a registry for safety problems to help reduce the frequency of accidents. http://www.auntminnie.com/index.aspx?sec=sup_n&sub=bai&#... . There are some shockers out there. Metal detectors on doors etc. Stopping the guy with a pacemaker is important too. If 'democratically elected' is a description that can be applied to the method via which Bush Junior made it to office then your question becomes even more ludicrous. I could be wrong here, but those rates appear to be just for the US. I think I read somewhere that only about half of what Apple has is sitting in the US ($66 billion comes to mind). It's worse than that. Add in that the FBI accompanied New Zealand police (or, according to our quasi national paper "led the raid") and it feels a whole lot worse. http://publicaddress.net/hardnews/the-mega-conspiracy/ That's a point of view that law enforcement seem to hold. Illogical and yet never questioned in print media, except by the likes of Robert Fisk. I thought photostream was something that happened when on wifi only. Presumably numerous cities around half the world had warm winters. We had a wet, cold summer down here. Damn, I nearly bought one but didn't get round to it and now I probably never can. Would pay a premium for one now. Good spotting, I assumed a typo and skimmed on. I was imagining some kind of unknown-to-me efficiency in super light space ships.. Decommission is brutally expensive too. When it by earthquake/tsunami I know which plant I'd prefer to be near. The pacific rim would not seem ideal for nuclear power. Robert Fisk sprung to mind immediately when you said that. What ever anyone thinks of his politics, he does manage to convey things from a viewpoint at the scene of the event. That's a great comment. I have a thought that a few American civilians were killed (Pearl Harbour and some kind of hot air balloon bombs from Japan I seem to recall), but having the majority of the population have no idea what you experienced has got to make it harder. Paul Ham, Kokoda. It made me feel sick reading it. And I had never heard of it until someone gave me the book. Closest thing to hell I can imagine. Are you joking? The area is unsafe, and it seems it will be for a fair while. Guess you don't know anyone who has been evacuated. Fuel was a big (bigger?) problem. Albert Speer was an organizational genius and plane production (unsure about tanks etc) was actually increasing despite the bombardment. Lack of fuel and pilots scuppered the air force. I'd love to post the graph I can't find, but this Wikipedia article gives GDP versus year. Until 1945 German output was increasing. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_production_during_Wo... A gay friend had a house warming party years ago and my wife and I turned up. We were the only straight people there out of probably 50 guests and I heard someone say "breeders" as we arrived. It took a second to get it and It didn't feel good. I felt more alien than the numerous times we have been overseas and not been able to speak the local language. And when I consider that the people there would all have had comments made against them at some point I had a slight inkling what life could have been like. Cost, complexity, difficulty, perceives trouble bonding, how?, risks, issues with the child's family. There are some. It's weird and may relate to different Things being measured, but UK decommissioning seems to be vastly more expensive than US decommissioning. Judging by news coverage anyway. Edited for spelling. If you have heart issues and you have a period with no heart beat, even just seconds, the feeling of sudden silence is striking. I think it's likely that people just aren't aware that they can hear their heart beat all the time. It might just be me though, but I suspect not as I mentioned how quiet everything went to a cardiologist who didn't seem surprised. RCDs are required throughout the house in New Zealand now (used to be bathroom only). They work. I tried angle grinding a metal bar, and it's link to the extension cord fell in a puddle I was standing in. Power clicked off thank god, and I became ok with the re-wiring cost. RCDs are the best. It doesn't do anything on (ironically) my iPhone. And if your area supports evergreen trees, leaves aren't an issue. It does usually take a little money upfront, but otherwise, yes, it's free. Yes. I think owning versus renting/tenanting/being housed may have a lot to do with this. Why go the the effort of planting trees and spending your time on your landlords garden. So given that he didn't release Instapaper early on Android, what should he have done? Stayed away? Given he wasnt on the platform, is not going to it all a better move or not? That source says that that money is over the apps lifetime. So divide that by 4 (?) and its starting to become more limited. EDIT to include the quote (the low end of the scale starts to make things quite tight by my guestimating): >>> TL;DR: Final estimate is somewhere between 0.15% to 0.60% of the iOS market, netting it somewhere between $875k to $2.3m for the duration of its existence (not yearly) http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2010/11/does-palin-want... And another reason to be cynical, check out the labour cost on this consumer device made in China - iPhone. The savings made via further automation would be basically meaningless. I'm willing to bet that label brand clothes have far higher profit margins than i-devices too. www.asymco.com/2012/02/26/iphone-sine-qua-non/ Here in New Zealand we have The Consumer Guarantees Act. The beauty of it is that the item is covered for as long as a reasonable person would expect (or something like that), and is suitably vague about how long this. Here is a case where a 4 year old computer was repaired at the manufacturers expense. buying extended warranties is kind of a waste here, as complaing to a government agency may well get you the same result, for free (it has worked for me). http://www.consumerblogs.org.nz/tech/2009/04/squaring-up-to-... Having the US sign up to the international criminal court would remove a fair few skeptics, and would keep the wooly left at bay. My reset attempt went unanswered too, and this occurred when setting up an account on an iPad after having login automatic for months (?years). In the end, after several reset attempts I made a new account. > A red hot, pea-sized piece of rock then hit his hand before bouncing off and causing a foot wide crater in the ground. From this, the audio is worth listening to. http://www.nzhistory.net.nz/media/sound/oxford-union-debate