I'm not quite sure why there's this hard line drawn. Surely Android, for example, falls somewhere in between, with sandboxed apps and all the rest, but not quite the same draconian closed-ness? Hasn't the DoD worked more the other way around--- cost-plus contracts with unlimited overruns reimbursed, for building new technologies that private companies can compete to increase the costs of? Defense contracting is a pretty notorious money pit. Why is cost-plus contracting less expensive than the government doing it in-house, except in the cases where it's a very rare one-off thing that's not worth developing in-house expertise for? If the government is bearing all risk, and the only oversight is government oversight (no market discipline), there's no real advantages to the private sector. Hmm, doesn't seem to be able to insert anything into the typical X11 middle-click-paste mechanism. It does insert the URL if I use Gnome's ctrl+c/ctrl+v, but I never use that. The general concept's ancient, e.g. http://www.changedetection.com/ has been up since 1999. Merging it with CSS selectors seems newer, but it's hard to keep anyone who has a CSS-selector library from duplicating that functionality. FWIW, this appears to have originally been published in Displays 17(2): 100-110 [1997], though the technology has barely changed (in particular, the no-glasses 3d technologies that the article discusses as still in development, are still in development today). I don't see it as a bits-specific question. It's more: will we ever run out of services people will pay for? Probably not. On the other hand, whole swathes of service classes can be obsoleted. It's quite possible that in 20 years making a website and letting it run mostly on autopilot will not be a way to make money (though I can't predict that confidently). Also, I never agreed to the current allocation of land titles, so I see no reason to respect property rights. I can't really agree with the apparent conclusion that the agency model is a good thing. It's more or less a revival of retail price mandates, where the manufacturer dictates to retailers exactly what they must sell a product for, instead of selling it wholesale and letting the retailer set its own prices. That sort of manufacturer-set price model is popular in Europe but generally not permitted in the US, because it's rather anticompetitive: it effectively prohibits retailers from competing with each other on price, because they have no control over prices. Europe likes that, because it keeps companies like Amazon and Wal-Mart from undercutting the local bookstore, if it's illegal to sell books under list price; but I'm not sure it's good for consumers or, more generally, efficient markets. One problem is that in the most lucrative market, enterprise data storage, the woefully out of date benchmarks that are industry standard mainly promote raw throughput on absurdly large working sets, which makes caching of minimal benefit. Besides inertia, there are some established players who have a lot riding on that not changing, also. Details in this kvetch from Sun engineer Bryan Cantrill (Sun's ZFS-based storage servers do pretty much exactly what you propose, but lose out to NetApp in the SPEC benchmarks): http://blogs.sun.com/bmc/entry/eulogy_for_a_benchmark One of the comments on the post (by Mathnerd314) says that Icon implements its comparison operators that way (if the comparison succeeds, it returns the 2nd argument). How would they notice? And aren't we mostly talking about sites that don't have accounts to begin with? I'm not sure the statistics show it's quite that busted. 140,000 apps vs. 25,000 apps is sort of what you'd expect given the time advantage the iPhone had. The iPhone native app SDK was released in July 2008, to a built-in market of millions of iPhones already out there. The Android SDK was released in September 2008 (beta in August 2008), to a much smaller market of shipped devices. It wasn't until mid-2009 that Android as a platform became a serious iPhone competitor and started attracting app developers. Since then I think it's been holding its own reasonably well: I think if you looked at new apps shipped in the past 6 months, the gap would be much smaller. Worded that way, I'd have to say no. But clearly the subtext is Citizens United , which I think is a lot trickier. A lot of important 20th-century free-speech precedents depend on applying the First Amendment to corporations--- corporations like record labels, newspaper/magazine/book publishers, film production and distribution companies, even adult film theatres. It's possible that a narrow First-Amendment exception can be carved out for direct electioneering on the part of corporations, but I think the proposal that the First Amendment doesn't apply to corporations at all is a cure much worse than the disease. Are you arguing that the First Amendment doesn't apply to corporations at all then? So was the Pentagon Papers case, which ruled that the New York Times Company had a First-Amendment right to publish the Pentagon Papers free from government censorship, wrong? Maybe some individual author had the right to publish them, but the New York Times Company didn't? What about the free-speech precedents involving corporations like adult-film producers? That's not my understanding of the relevant precedents--- the Supreme Court has never interpreted the "freedom of the press" to refer to a specially protected class of reporters or news companies, or limited it to reporting the news. It has been held to protect the First Amendment rights of not only news corporations like the New York Times, but also companies that produce pornographic films and magazines, for example (one of the important precedents on the First Amendment's protection of parody involves an issue of Hustler ). It seems to have been read much more broadly to mean, roughly, "the freedom to publish things, like books, newspapers, and films". For example, films like Hillary: The Movie , which was the thing at issue in Citizens United . I think there's probably some way the other outcome could've been reached, but it would be trickier than I think a lot of people are arguing. It would have to be a narrow prohibition against direct electioneering by corporations, carved out as a First-Amendment exception due to the compelling government interest in free elections/etc. (similarly to how obscenity, libel, false advertising, and "false-light disclosure of private facts" are recognized exceptions). And then specific cases would have to be investigated to see which side of the line they fell on: for example, to determine whether Hillary: The Movie was a real movie, or pure electioneering disguised in a sham movie. I agree sorta, but only for the more tweaky visual design aspects, rather than interaction design. If anything, I see Google as actually less data-driven in its design than many areas. Industrial psychology and HCI are traditionally very big on data-driven design for interaction design, with a big focus on Methodologies, quantitative measurement of task performance improvement, and various other statistical evaluation metrics. But the main downside of that is that you can't really answer open-ended design questions: you can A/B test between two specific proposed interfaces, and determine A causes N% of users X quantity less hassle than B does (or whatever your metric is), but if you want to invent an entire new interface, you're basically doing a random walk in design space, which will take a really long time to get anywhere. I mean, imagine how many A/B questions you'd have to ask to invent the Gmail interface, using, say, the Hotmail interface as your starting point, and having to justify every change you make from that starting point using data. I suppose it depends on your norm, though--- Google is very data-driven by the web-design standard, but sort of loosey-goosey, anything-goes compared to the much more statistics-and-methodology-heavy design practices that go on in traditional engineering and HCI. Hmm, I was expecting a bit closer of a connection, but I suppose this'll do. A better "math is a socialist plot" argument, though, could focus on a 19th-century "scientific socialism" approach to optimizing society and the economy via central planning. One big annoyance: 10 years ago, when I searched for a snippet of song lyrics, I got a fan site for the band that accurately transcribed the lyrics. Now I get nothing but pages and pages of shady sites selling me ringtones, with inaccurate lyrics, even when I know there are fansites for the band with better lyrics. A guess is that this is the result of the reliance on domain names for ranking. The high-quality lyrics are distributed across millions of separate domain names, since fansites typically are dedicated to only one band. The low-quality, ring-tones-heavy lyrics sites, though, are centralized, with every band's lyrics on the same domain. The people I know who've left have left mainly due to the secrecy this article also talks about: they developed cool algorithms they wanted to publish research papers about, and weren't allowed to. I do this too, partly because when I have branches and revisions as actual directories and files, I can use the usual Unix tools on them, instead of having to use a parallel set of tools provided by the version control system. They might be less likely to post lots of other stuff too, though. Do you really want any potential future casual acquaintance, boss, or what have you, to have instant, easy access to a transcript of every conversation you've had? The biggest determining factor in my experience has been whether something has a community around it or not. Newspaper comment sections and YouTube video comments don't have a community--- they're drive-by comments by whoever shows up. Smaller forums, mailing lists, and IRC channels where everyone knows everyone else are sort of the best-case. As it scales up, it gets harder to keep quality high. As a bit of a followup: an even worse case (i.e. less likely to get a nice, fan-created lyrics page as one of the first-page hits) is when I know the name of the song and google for something like: joy division warsaw lyrics. Expected result is something like: http://www.joydiv.org/shadowplay/joyd/warsaw.html What I actually get are a bunch of sites with names like mp3lyrics, songlyrics, musicsonglyrics. It might be that the word "lyrics" in my query is boosting that sort of stuff to the top? From what I can tell, Google also penalizes old / rarely updated sites, which probably hurts these kinds of pages--- the page linked above was last updated in 2007, but it's still the best result for that query. They're relevant for site owners, sure, but flash ads aren't a very good argument for, "without flash, users won't get the full web user experience". Presumably nobody will refrain from buying an iPad because of flash ads not working on it. Maybe it's the circles I travel in, but I don't see the same git dominance you do vs. mercurial; I see them both really frequently. Among major projects I can think of off the top of my head, Python, Adium, OpenOffice, and Mozilla are all on mercurial. That makes "startup" sound like a kind of disreputable thing. What's wrong with building a sustainable business that you enjoy running, and continuing to run it, instead of looking for the quickest way to sell out? That was my editorializing, not read into yours, sorry. My view is that "startup" is a pretty broad category, that's mainly based on someone who has an idea they think is interesting or will be useful to someone (possibly a large group, or possibly a small group). There's a certain subset of those people who are mainly in it for the money: they want to get big and sell out quick. If those are the only kind who really count as startups, then I'd have to take a pretty negative view of startups... It's unfortunate that this has been legal since 2007. Between 1911 and 2007, a manufacturer could set whatever wholesale price they wanted, but was not allowed to attempt to control what retail prices others could resell it for. Now Macmillan-style agreements where the manufacturer can demand a contract that lets the manufacturer set the retail price are legal, thanks to: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leegin_Creative_Leather_Product... . The old rule seems more reasonable to me. If Macmillan or Murdoch or whoever wants to raise the wholesale prices they charge Amazon, that's perfectly fine; they should charge whatever they think their product is worth. But what price Amazon then chooses to turn around and retail it for seems like none of their business. And the speed of light isn't finite... If not designed very carefully, though, it can reduce the user's ability to view things as they like them. With the current status quo of mailservers not handling message threading and such, I can choose a client that handles it how I want. If the server is doing it, it had better either do it how I want it, or provide some way to customize what it's doing. (For example, I don't like gmail's flat "conversation" view; I much prefer a "threaded conversation" view, like classic Usenet readers, or HN discussions.) I wonder if Google has any way of figuring out what proportion of their IPv6 traffic is coming natively over IPv6, versus over one of the various IPv4-to-6 tunneling schemes? If a lot are in the 2nd category, this might not be a great move: a high-bandwidth site like this could overwhelm the tunnels and make new tunnels less attractive to operate. The red text here makes them seem pretty paranoid about their ability to sandbox the submissions: http://csclub.uwaterloo.ca/contest/contest_information.php I don't think there's any consensus in the statistics community on which of the many ways to do inference over "nearly all" functions is the better one; nonparametric regression is basically a whole field, and pretty in flux over the past 10 years. It depends on the reasons for the safety net--- one reason is a simple humanitarian one (don't want people homeless, etc.), for which the bare minimum suffices, but another reason is as an automatic business-cycle smoother, in which case you want reasonably generous unemployment benefits: http://www.nber.org/papers/w4750 I like the article's point about how when genres reach maturity, they become attractive to an increasingly specialized, increasingly small audience. Flight sims are perhaps the most extreme example: they were hugely popular in the 80s and early 90s, but by the mid-90s they basically required you to be able to actually fly a plane, which was not so popular. Many don't do official rounds at all--- if your dad wants to donate $10k to you with no strings attached, in return for an informal promise that you'll fund his retirement if you strike it rich, there's nothing standing in the way of that. I don't think it's purely that. VC demo days may not be the best place for someone with modest assets to find something they want to spend $10k on. They might have better luck talking to their friends, for example, or friends of their friends. The angel restrictions don't apply to those cases, either: it's only really official solicitations and funding rounds for which there are restrictions. If a few people get together and want to put in $10k each to a business one of their friends is starting, there is no law against that. It long predates tech startups, too; plenty of restaurants, dry-cleaners, and other traditional small businesses get their seed funding that way. There might be an ethical argument, but the "rich people have lots of options, and might leave" argument isn't really convincing to me. Recall that to avoid U.S. income tax, you must move abroad and permanently renounce your citizenship. How many wealthy Americans do you think would really do that solely due to a tax hike? Especially one that was in the range that would actually likely be passed (i.e. not 99%)? It's not clear how some of the services would work if there were opt-in though. If I opt out of the government-provided property-rights system, for example, but someone else doesn't, what happens? If we have a dispute over who owns a particular piece of land, usually a court resolves that. But I've opted out of the government court system, so how do we resolve this dispute? By force of arms? Is it really true that higher taxes will lead to the rich being criminals and politically connected? My impression is that Sweden, for example, isn't considered more corrupt than the United States, despite having much higher taxes. I like the ASCII text aspect for that reason, but does it really need the hard-coded headers and footers every 50 lines? The state of document management at large companies really is pretty abysmal, and many haven't made much in the way of a serious effort to digitize stuff. My dad, retired from a large petrochemical company, still occasionally gets calls from current engineers there asking if he happens to have any documentation of projects he worked on years ago, and in a lot of cases his personal files seem more complete than the company's, which have been hopelessly shuffled and/or lost over the course of several mergers and moves. The article says: "At the time of writing, neither font is available for download". Of the factors you listed, it looks like being 25+ and having a college degree are the main ones. The unemployment rate is almost as low for 45+ as for 25-44 among college graduates, and the unemployment rate for women in those groups is actually lower than for men (the lowest unemployment of all groups in the infographic is for white women 25-44 with college degrees). (edit: thanks greatly for the link, btw. it looks like it's been up for a few months, but I missed it the first time around.) Some can be avoided by not doing cyclic shedding/adding of workers. The justification for layoffs in a downturn followed by hires in an upturn is that it cuts costs: if you fire someone today and then hire someone else two years from now when things pick up, you've saved two years of salary/benefits over just keeping them on payroll through the downturn. I see this article as providing an argument that maybe saving that two years of salary isn't worth it. (There are other problems in that particular case, like companies that follow that hiring/layoff model always being a step behind in recoveries--- they're never well placed to catch booms early, because they spend the first year desperately scrambling to hire talent instead.) It's not nearly that strict. You can't use the title "Professional Engineer" without licensing, but non-licensed engineers can and usually do use the term "engineer", or derivatives like "chemical engineer" on their business cards and resumes. It's the norm in firms with a lot of engineers (like, say, Exxon) that most of the people whose job title includes the word "engineer" are not PEs. It doesn't even really give you any benefit to be a PE in the corporate context, because everything you're doing is on behalf of the corporation anyway; you're not an independent contractor providing services that you have to legally stand behind, but an employee doing work for hire. edit: This is true for the U.S. anyway. I believe some other countries are more strict on who may call themselves an engineer. I've found headphones work better if I use them no more than 30-40% of the time or so; then people wait until I don't have headphones on to ask me something. Doesn't work if I have them on all the time. Facebook's approach to images seems broken security-wise all around. You can also get to non-public images if you know the URL of the jpg--- linking to the image page won't work, but a direct link to the JPG will happily serve itself up. It's not foolproof, but I think one common way is for the static-content server to check for an appropriate authentication cookie. In Facebook's case, an additional complication is that they serve lots of the static content off Akamai, so any authentication would have to be coordinated.