I wonder what the performance difference would be between using the Python Apache plugin and running qrencode - the C executable ( http://fukuchi.org/works/qrencode/index.en.html ). I know it's not clean to call shell commands from Apache - not to mention the obvious performance hit with swapping environments - but perhaps the ELF vs Python JIT might compensate for this. Also, i'd be interested in a comparison of features between the two. Weird you guys are having problems because it scans perfectly using the standard barcode scanner app on my Desire S (running MIUI): http://www.armyofcrabs.com/qrsnake.png Where does the "CHIP. CHIP, WAKE UP" quote come from. I recognise it, but I can't recall why. Clearly you don't hate software patents because you then went on to justify them. In fact, I think your whole attitude is backwards for the following reasons: While I agree with you that you cannot blame Apple (nor any other company) from filing software patents given the current culture within IT. You can 100% blame Apple for aggressively using flimsy patents to suppress obvious designs amongst competitors - forcing their competitors to deliberately cripple their products or risk having them forcefully removed from market entirely. That is not competition nor is that using patents defensively. What they are doing is exploiting a legal loophole to suppress legitimate competition. Also, the "don't hate the player, hate the game" saying really winds me up. It's basically just endorsing moronic behaviour so long as the culprit doesn't get caught. It's just a retarded view of life in my opinion. It was painful in a desktop browser too. It's ironic really that such terrible layout was born from a document detailing optimal layout concepts Well then the IP address you have for them will be wrong regardless of whatever method you use to store them. Personally I think it's only a matter of time until there's a "hacker" DNS servers for people to completely bypass all this shit. True, but that's copyright IP not patent IP. Because not all Linux distributions follow Linux Standard Base. It would be silly for (to use an example) Arch to have a lsb-release file when it's very method is anything but LSB. So os-release gives a unified file regardless of the distro methodology. In fact this file could easily be extended beyond Linux to any Unix-like OS - which lsb-release would be less practical for. Well for one thing LSB mandates using RPMs: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_Standard_Base#Choice_of_R... Well yeah, that's how Debian gets around the issue. However Arch doesn't have an RPM converter in it's standard set up (or if there is, I'm unaware of it). Personally I massively prefer Arch's package manager to anything I've seen on any RPM-based distro and it seems pretty pointless in having an "alien"-like RPM converter for Arch given how exhaustive Pacman + AUR is. However the point remains that Arch would fail LSB due to this. IIRC [alt]+[space] did the same when the start button was highlighted (I'm sure I managed that back when I ran Win95). You could have all sorts of fun with the start button / task bar though. I remember writing a breakout game where the start button was the paddle. The code itself was very simple as it was basic Win32 APIs. As messy as those APIs were, they're lack of basic security made it great fun to write all sorts of weird hacks hehehe. In fact, going back to the topic of MDIs (as the article referenced in relation to the WS_SYSMENU style), I wrote a basic program that would work as a winword 95 / 97 plug in (winword being an MDI back then) that would dump iexplore into winword so it would behave exactly like any other word document. This was done purely to get away with surfing the net in college as it was easier to hide your browser session behind a word document that it was to close/reopen it every time a lecturer walked past. IIRC that was just one API call (something like SetHwndParent?), but that was /years/ ago now and I've since left Windows development for Linux and Unix. But again, that's in not in the official repositories (just AUR), let alone part of the base system. It's great that it's available in AUR, but it wouldn't be enough to pass LSB - which is the /entire/ point of this tangent. > do not show me posts whose headlines contain the strings "X", "Y" or "Z" The problem with that is these days there's so many "clickbait" headlines, some of which offer absolutely no insight into the content itself. Without policing each and every submission to ensure the headlines accurately define the linked article - it would be difficult to guarantee any kind of success with basic headline filters. Even on a PC - it was a complete nightmare. Opera kept interpreting my right-click movements as gestures and middle button as a request to scroll around the page. It was more than just a little frustrating because of this. That all said, layout of the site and idea itself is very good. Looks fine in KDE4. Definitely not as crappy as the screenshots you've posted > IRC operates passwords in plaintext format Only if you don't have an SSL connection (which most IRC networks do support). I get mocked by many of my colleagues for this, but I find nothing focuses me better for programming than stuff like Aphex Twin and Autechre. So it's good to see them having a strong presence in this sound track. One criticism though: the retired DJ inside me is screaming at the lack of set structure. :P Possibly. What sort things would you be interested in? I already have a few mixes online that's available to download. HN doesn't appear to have a PM function, but I'm contactable via a number of different IMs / chat networks if you want to discuss this further :) Words cannot describe how epic that is The following article might be of interest to you then: CWI cryptanalist discovers new cryptographic attack variant in Flame spy malware http://www.cwi.nl/news/2012/cwi-cryptanalist-discovers-new-c... To be honest i do run phpMyAdmin, but I run it on a subdomain that has HTTP auth over SSL and the log files are included by fail2ban scans (thus anyone that fails to HTTP auth correctly 3 times gets auto-banned in iptables). So while I do agree with your points regarding phpMyAdmin, you can have the convenience of running it (and securely) if you really wanted to. Actually they do. My method prevents attackers from being able to access phpMyAdmin in the first place and thus if an attacker cannot access phpMyAdmin, then they can't exploit any of the vulnerabilities within phpMyAdmin. Prevention is definitely better than a cure in this instance; preventing the unwanted from accessing phpMyAdmin is better than fixing all the vulnerabilities and hoping that an attacker doesn't discoverer a new exploit. True, but we are talking about more than just "good attitudes" here. Automatic testing that happens with every commit does constitute as a language feature. I can understand your criticism against Slackware (though I do love that distro), but I don't agree with them against FreeBSD at all. FreeBSD has binary repositories as well plus even it's source repositories (read: ports) is just are reliable as the best Linux has to offer. Furthermore, ZFS is a killer feature (yes, I know Linux has BtrFS, but as far as I know it's still not yet classed as 'stable' - while ZFS is already tried, tested and depended upon in many servers right across the globe). And personally, I think FreeBSD has a lot saner defaults than Ubuntu Server. /Laurence (FreeBSD and Slackware user for the last 10 years) There really isn't /that/ much difference between BSD and GNUs user space. And definitely nothing that can't be found out after spending a few seconds in Google or the UNIX man pages. Plus FreeBSD docs are excellent (in fact I've found them to be a more reliable source than even Ubuntu's - but that's a whole other topic) Indeed. When choosing which OS to run on a home server, does it really matter that BSD doesn't legally obliged developers to make their modifications public? And to state that FreeBSD's future is in doubt because it's not GPL is just stupid. If I didn't know better, I'd accuse this article of being pro-GPL propaganda. At the end of the day, they're both popular platforms released under "copyleft" licenses. And what's more, neither licences have any baring on the performance nor stability of the OSs. So all his harping on about "must be headless" (though oddly he does contradict himself latter on by stating he doesn't care about the DE/WM) to maximize performance was completely invalided when his final choice was down to something as arbitrary and irrelevant as whether other developers have to contribute back to the base OS. Language settings aside, this guy also completely misses the point of how CDNs and localised data centres work, and why it's beneficial to serve localised content rather than constantly dragging Japanese traffic through American data centres. The difference there is the evidence is usually quite easy to understand. You don't need to know how DNA is matched to know that there is a DNA match. You also don't need to understand entropy to grasp that if glass is shattered inside the house, then the window was broken from the outside. However you /DO/ need to understand prior art to rule in a patent dispute. There's no escaping that. Technically minded people like us often bitch about how the mass media publish misleading "facts" (and often complete fallacies) due to their lack of technical understanding. Yet here we have a jury ignorantly making billion dollar decisions. It's a bit like asking a group of hair dressers to officially confirm or deny whether CERN's "faster than light" neutrinos were a calculation error or not. Sadly computer generated translations generally are. There were references to Palm and HP within the linked Google transcript. So in lieu of a better translation (preferably from someone who can read the language), I would guess they're talking about Open WebOS as opposed to Mozilla Web OS. I would love to see Open webOS take off. Not because it's open source but because I really liked the platform. Sure it had it's faults (which platform doesn't though?), but most of them are relatively minor fixes and on the whole, I just preferred webOS's way of working than its competitors (eg cards view for switching tasks). I know it's all down to personal preference at the end of the day, but I think it's a great shame that Palm came in so late with webOS (and on such underwhelming hardware too) What a stupid article. Looking pretty is far less important than being functional. And his site is the perfect example of that; it looked pretty, but the content only took up a 50% column of the total viewable space (and that's without having my browser window set to full screen). His site would be terrible for productivity driven sites like PHP's manual. Also I reject his premiss that language sites need to be pretty to attract developers. You pick a language based on it's suitability for a project, not whether it has lashes of CSS3 and bespoke type-faces. To even suggest otherwise is painfully superficial. There's an old adage: less is more. And I think that's very true when discussing sites that are designed to serve content rather than sell content. God I hate clickbait. Thanks for the warning though You wouldn't call upon beta testers like this to decide upon hardware configurations. This beta process is definitely for a Desktop Linux client. There is a chance that the rumours of a console could also be true as well though. There's no reason why they couldn't have a Linux console /AND/ desktop Linux support. That not really the same though. Hz is a scale of the frequency of a CPU core. So it's not even a gauge of the execution speed of a CPU. You can't really multiply the cores together as the frequency hasn't increased, you've only increased the parallel capabilities (case in point, multi-core CPUs are rated per core, not cumulatively). RAM, however, can be added together as data can be cached across one or more sticks. Thus adding another stick of RAM does increase the overall total amount of RAM available. I'm not an expert on this, but I believe this is why clusters are measured in calculations per second (eg FLOPS) rather than frequencies. Calculations run in parallel (such as clusters do) are increasing the overall number of calculations performed per second. Where as multiple cores running in parallel don't increase the clock frequency. You missed his point. Clock frequencies cannot be combined as it's a measure of the frequency a single core operates at - not how many operations per second can be processed. This is why multi-core CPUs don't say 8GHz even though they have 4x 2GHz cores. No it wouldn't. You have overhead generated by running threads concurrently (eg thread management, communication between nodes, etc). You have issues where not all threads are going to have the exact same complexity (eg some might consist of more floating point calculations than others), this could even result in threads sitting idle while they wait for another thread on a different core to finish. Plus there's absolutely no precedence for using clock frequencies cumulatively like this anyway (which I've already demonstrated with my multi-core CPU example), thus the figures Adapteva are touting are not only scientifically and mathematically inaccurate, but also breaking established advertising convention too. Thus their figures are incorrect - period. So accusing us of nitpicking incorrect figures is just plain dumb when there's absolutely no merit to the 13GHz figure what-so-ever. [edit] And it's a sad day for geeks worldwide if discussing the correct usage for scientific measurements is considered nitpicking. Had this been Fox News or the Daily Mail, then your view point could be forgiven. But this is a hacker forum, so I'd expect a higher level of technicality rather than simply ignoring counterarguments in such a dismissive manner. :( I'm not putting them down. My opinions of them are irrespective of the statistics they present. I love the idea of their project - I hate the idea of people like yourself perpetuating the same misconception that clock frequencies can by summed across cluster nodes. so my issue is with you regurgitating the same dumb fallacies. If you had even the slightest idea about how cores are rated and the complexities of multi-threaded development, then you'd realise that summing the frequency of the cores is completely inaccurate. Hell, don't you think Intel would be doing this with their multi-core processors if it was a legitimate statistic? (a point I've made several times now but you keep ignoring). You've been told by a multitude of people what the correct measure of cumulative processing power is, and instead you're still holding onto the same myth which the clickbait headlines are perpetuating. So really, you're just reinforcing my point about how they shouldn't be using such a dumb statistic because people who don't know any better will fall for it. Anyway, and FYI, core frequency isn't even a good measure of CPU performance on single core systems. A 1GHz RISC CPU will perform vastly differently to a 1GHz CISC. Then you have the plethora of RISC architectures; and even on x86, different CPUs will have different co-processors, caching, pipelining and even additional instructions, thus will perform differently on different stress tests. So crudely summing clock frequencies on a cluster is about as accurate a description of performance as remarking on the colour of the motherboard. But let's not let a pesky thing like science get in the way of our deeply held beliefs ;) It's interesting to hear you remark on your co-designers as, until now, I'd always assumed that the site was largely designed by it's developers. I know that would normally be unheard of for a portal the size of Facebook, but of all the sites I visit, I find Facebook to have the most confusing layout. There's a weird mismatch of navigation features from hidden drop down lists, dialogue boxes and content that redirects to whole other pages; I'm never quite sure what onclick event will return what result. Plus the general layout of the site seems cluttered and counter-intuitive too. Now this might just be me. I don't know what level of user testing Facebook performs before pushing features live, but I might be one of those small few who are just beyond help. However being a developer of similar age to yourself - I've spent my whole working life with badly designed developer tools and usually manage fine. Where as Facebook -a tool for the masses- seems to be one of the few exceptions that genuinely stumps me. In many ways, that site's design is an "anti-rsms"; it seems to be the polar opposite of the design principles you adopt in your own projects (eg a clean methodical layout with clear separation between content and navigation tools). And while I'm discussing your own talents, I just was to commend you for what you've achieved despite choosing a non-traditional path into IT (ie straight to work rather than studying at Uni). Having trod a similar route as yourself, I know from experience that it can be significantly harder. So I can only imagine how much hard work and dedication you would have needed to be where you are now. Kudos. Author here, I wasn't aware of that. I'll add an addendum shortly. Thank you Thank you, updated the article to reflect that "Computer languages and “real” languages are actually very similar." I really couldn't disagree with that more. Sure, some languages' syntax borrow English words (Python, Pascal, VB, etc), but that's such a minor similarity. Those words are completely arbitrary and the syntax could have been in Klingon for all the difference it would make to the compiler. Computer languages are a maths language; albeit a very very dumbed down dialect of maths, but maths all the same. I think the trap many web developers fall in is that PHP teaches some terrible programming practices (no variable declarations nor types, etc) and ANSI SQL isn't Turing complete, so feel that all other languages by extension are equally easy to grasp. However if you look at a number of other languages -particularly the ones with C-derived syntax- then it becomes painfully obvious that any similarities to human languages are just skin deep (which is lucky for me as I majorly suck at writing yet can code proficiently in around a dozen different computer languages). While I agree that a bad programmer will write bad code in any language -and visa versa- my point was that PHP doesn't enforce good practices thus allowing many less experienced developers to accidentally fall into easily avoided pitfalls (lets be honest, having to === to force type matching is just plain dumb). So by the time you've properly hardened your code, it's anything but pseudo-English - which was my point (ie programming languages are not similar to human languages). That may have been true for it's original goals, but as a UNIX developer who's primary language is Perl, I can assure you that the modern day implementation (read Perl 5.8+) is anything but pseudo-English. I seriously wish society placed less importance on the famous. I will concede that at least this article discusses celebrities who have done something worth celebrating rather than the latest reality TV star than many young people are so smitten with. However I still have to question why anyone would want to spend so much energy stalking public figures. I prefer to live by the philosophy of "doing your own thing and do it so well that people will come to you" and thus leave the stalking to those who have fewer skills in life. They also should upgrade Apache as there's a known vulnerability with pre-2.2.20 versions that leaves Apache open to an easy DoS attack. That's not an official API: http://www.hnsearch.com/about Quote: "HNSearch was built by the team at ThriftDB to give back to the community and to test the capabilities of the ThriftDB flexible datastore with search built-in." Interesting API all the same though. That will only work with named vhosts. Outside of shared hosting / personal web servers, almost everyone uses IP-defined vhosts. A random embedded image wouldn't be passed through the HTML parser (at least not if the web server has it's MIMEs set up correctly - and if they don't, then the site would be considerably less usable). It will be interesting to see the results though - to see if the null characters even reach that far or if this is effectively hitting Opera with a zip-bomb Well yeah, I nearly added that disclaimer myself but then thought it was pretty obvious the previous poster was referring to referenced URIs rather than data URIs. Though I may have misinterpreted his post. If a regex is going to be reusable, then yeah, I'd agree. But dumping single lines of code into their own functions just for readability isn't practical for real time systems. In those cases you really should be using comments as they get stripped out by the compiler.