Looks neat, but is there that much difference between silverback or just recording people using screenflow? I get the idea of the chapter marking, and I guess it probably helps if you're trying to track 10+ subjects at a time... I've not used it "specifically" for testing, but have let people use a site and record via screenflow. I wasn't being terribly scientific about it at the time tho. :) Apparently it's not quite battled-tested yet: http://gyazo.com/b206847fc013a9985f43cdaa7d066f9b.png Sorry I didn't reply before. Not as interesting as I'd hoped - I either needed to give more direction, or need to use a bigger group next time. "length of stay doesn't correlate accurately with technical skill at all" They're not looking for technical skill - at least, not as a primary factor. They're looking for people who will stick around even when things get crappy, will put up with internal political maneuverings, people who will grit their teeth and deal with annoying coworkers and will tend to stay even when there's better short term offers. For the company this is a win on a number of levels. Less cost of retraining new hires and the lost productivity that comes with new people entering a shop. Less need to get institutional knowledge out of people and in to documented systems. Freedom to experiment with new directions, because if things go south, they'll have a 'loyal' team who will stick around anyway. These aren't necessarily good or bad, just how it is. So, keep that in mind. Companies often are not looking for top-notch software skills, but a 'whole package', and they'll way often settle for 'good enough' on the whole package, even if it means average software skills. slick - thanks for the tip! Any advantages of this over other grid systems, besides size? Any drawbacks? "These don't make any sense to me because there are already apps that perfectly fulfill those needs if people have them." Obviously not. Those other apps don't offer the simplicity and UI experience that yours does. What you're offering is resonating with some people, but they want what you have right now plus more . People are telling you this, and you're just telling them to go away and use another tool? Your prerogative, but you're asking how to take this to the 'next level', and your users are already telling you how - you don't need to ask HN. "They will probably just stick with Word, but they will often still find the LaTeX-produced resumes better looking" Can someone show me examples of what constitutes "better looking" when comparing these two tools for CVs? The comparison seems a bit unfair, in that the SQL Server stuff is going to be installing a boatload more stuff - much of which will be useful to administration (management tools - backups, schema mgt, etc). In cases where you don't need that, pg or mysql can win, but a SQL Server install is so much more than just the engine. Doesn't seem all that stupid to me. It's just a tool. Certainly, if someone happens to find out that I've got card 2e9c9735b1c972c8 and that I use every other letter from the blue row for my bank password, yes, I'm in trouble, but that's enough obscurity for me. Better yet, I'll simply look like I'm using the card, but actually using my trust old " " for my real password! Excellent points. I might take a bit of exception with the 'focus on what you're good at', with the reply that some people may simply be really good generalists. Besides understanding tech, you generally need to have good people skills. Between good social skills and having a good graps on the tech to serve your clients, you may not need to become a domain expert on DNS, or email spam filters, or CSS3, or JavaScript, or any number of tech skills (or business domain skills). Sometimes being able to parse out a client's problem and bring in the appropriate freelance skills when necessary may be the best skill you have. That said, you have to know yourself. If you're really passionate about search, go become a Lucene expert and become the 'go to search guy' in your area (or perhaps even in a vertical). Isolation can hurt - I have regular phone calls with a distributed group of guys who are all in similar (yet different) career stages as me, and we bounce ideas off each other, critique, offer support and skills when needed, and so on. Hearing real people on a phone helps much more than solely email or forums. phatbyte - I'd like to pick your brain a bit more - mgkimsal@gmail.com please if you're so inclined. Thanks. I seem to remember some pundit stating they believed the reason AT&T agreed to the initial pricing in the first place was that they didn't think many people would be using 3G on the ipad, preferring wifi instead. Can anyone find that quote or story? I'm drawing a blank, but it seemed to be one of the stupidest things I'd read in a while at that point. My guess is that people have been using so much 3G data that AT&T realizes they'll be in a horrible situation as the iPad adoption grows - could be 4-5 million 3G devices with long battery life basically in an 'always on' state, using up far more bandwidth than anyone predicted. That said, I just can not figure out why people can't seem to predict this. Most active users (the early adopters) can easily use 5-10 gig on a ipad as part of their 'always on' lifestyle. This isn't rocket science. I think this is the same with most people putting out inspirational/motivational material. At some point, it isn't inspirational to you , but it still is to others. That means you've grown and developed, and other people can too. I used to listen to Dave Ramsey a lot years ago to get some motivation and get certain things drilled in to my head. After about the 300th show, I could tell you about 95% of the time what he was going to say, almost word for word. That doesn't mean it's bad or he's repetitive (well, he is) but that it's 'worked' already - I don't really need that type of motivation in my life as I once did, as it did the trick. Yahoo was categorized early on, and gave you a sense of what was available by topic. Until there was a critical mass of web data, something like Google might not have taken off. CL taking a google style approach from day one would have been a failure, imo, because there wasn't a critical mass, and open ended 'google-style searching' for stuff on small amounts of data usually leads to 'nothing found' - not a good experience. I get the 'true open source' idea at core, but am trying to come up with something for them which balances out their needs with wanting it to be somewhat open. It's not competition... well, sort of. It's something being developed by a local government and they do not want the taxpayers money to be developing something that someone will take and resell back to the same constituents by simply using some advertising. At least, that's my current understanding (and as a taxpayer, I sort of agree). Dual-license GPL seems sort of like the way to go, or potentially even the Affero/GPL approach? Their idea is that this may be something other agencies in other states might be able to reuse, and they don't want to put restrictions on that, but are concerned that someone will take the code and 'sell' it, when it's been taxpayer $ funding it. http://wiki.creativecommons.org/FFAQ#Can_I_license_software_... "Can I license software using CC licenses? We do not recommend it. Creative Commons licenses should not be used for software." yeah, the dual-license and selling stuff is already something I mentioned and have counseled against (not that they were really considering doing it yet). Still exploring alternatives. If you have enough savings, you can go with a 'high deductible' plan, in which you cover the first $x thousand dollars out of pocket, then split some costs with insurer, then insurer covers you after $y dollars spent. The price is highly dependent on what state you live in. In North Carolina, I have a high deductible plan with a $5500 deductible for $270/month, which covers my wife and I, both older than you, and we're not in perfect health. A side benefit is that if you use a high-deductible plan, you're allowed to put money in a 'health savings account' which is tax deductible, and you can use that money to pay for pretty much any medical expenses you have. It rolls over year to year, and can be treated like any other retirement account (investments, etc). If you go with more traditional 'i don't ever want to pay anything out of pocket' coverage, you'll likely be looking in the $500-$1000/month range, again, depending on what state you're living in. For a single person in Michigan, for example, it might only be around $200 - http://www.bcbsm.com/myblue/plan_individualcareblue.shtml but similar coverage with a 'high deductible' might only be $60/month - http://www.bcbsm.com/myblue/plan_flexibleblue.shtml That's not an HSA then - that's a 'cafeteria plan' thing I bet. HSA is your own account via an HSA-capable banking institution. It's basically just another IRA, but you can pay for medical expenses from it with no penalties. The 'cafeteria plans', IMO, are a bit of a joke, specifically because of the 'use it or lose it' clause, which forces people to waste money or buy stuff they don't need. I did have one HR person tell me once that they'd cut you a check back for the diff if it wasn't spent, but then it counts as 'taxable income' and this was said with some degree of gravity, as if that was some type of 'ultimate sin' - having taxable income! I'd rather keep the 70% of my money rather than spending it on something vaguely 'medical' that I do not need, thank you. ask them to cover your travel costs at the very least (flight/car/hotel/food). ask them afterwards what they might have paid, or what they might typically pay for a speaker on this subject or of your (limited) fame. Given that you've not done it before, and you've done it for free, you must like the talk/topic, so ease in to this with travel costs covered. They may see fit to give you a small honorarium of a few hundred dollars on top of that. Is there a choice in inkjet printers that will provide you with a list of 3rd party ink suppliers, and perhaps even encourage use of recycled inks from 3rd parties? If so, how would people know about that until after they'd 'voted with their wallet' and purchased the product? If you really love your tools right now, don't switch. I would suggest learning something else, though (I chose Grails a few years ago), because at the very least it'll give you a new appreciation for your toolset. You'll understand the strengths more, you may identify some weaknesses (either inherent in your tools or how you use them) and start to think about how to use your own chosen tools better. I split my time between PHP and Grails now, for the most part (some occasional other work) and knowing both I have a better idea of how/when to use specific approaches. You may end up hating your PHP toolset after a while using something else, because you'll start noticing how verbose PHP makes some tasks (using a framework like symfony can sometimes reduce that). Or you may recoil at how ugly some of the Ruby or Python stuff feels to you. You won't know until you try, but I think everyone should take some time to learn a moderately different platform at some point, if only to help to understand your own platform better. Hey mindcrime - I'm up for it, but somewhere closer to my side of town would be great. Morrisville/BrierCreek would be acceptable. :) FWIW, I'm organizing a wake forest area tech/web meetup as well soon. One of the issues I've seen with Basecamp is that it's bought quite a lot - I've done contracting work for a number of companies large and small in my area, and most of them had used basecamp in the past or were still paying for it when I got there. Problem was, no one was using it 'right'. Based on the comments here, and other critiques I've read, it seems to be a good fit to a far smaller group of orgs than people think (especially the people who buy it). They end up beating their heads against the wall, or abandoning web-based PM tools altogether - "well, we tried the leader and it doesn't work for us - we're too unique and special, so we'll just keep doing everything on paper" (not actual words, but the gist I've heard before). So 37S ends up being phenomenal marketers that have a service many people want to buy, but more people buy it than can get real value out of it because it wasn't built for their needs in the first place. Certainly 37S is not ultimately responsible for people continuing to pay for something that doesn't work, but they do a pretty good sales job via word-of-mouth evangelism, even when it's a poor fit for an org's needs. Maybe too good? It's meant to be used in conjunction with her instructor-led classes, so it won't necessarily be the same as something that was written explicitly to be a 'book'. That said, Rebecca's very sharp, knows her stuff, and how to communicate and explain things well in person. I haven't read this yet, but assume much of that will translate to the written word. To chime in - get out. What the owner is doing is illegal as well as unfair. As for not wanting his business to fail, I agree taking intentional actions to cause harm would be bad, but I suspect they'll cause themselves enough harm simply by you not being there soon after you leave. From the other side of the table, I employed a handful of people in the early 2000s. We had a couple good years, and then a couple bad years. Got the point where the money wasn't coming in regularly, and I had some people stay well past the point where it was good for their own financial well-being. While I appreciated the loyalty (whether to me or solely to the clients, I'm not 100% sure) but I did tell them to leave if they could find something else, or take side work, or something. I would never want to be in a position where I was doing what's happening to you to someone else. I've been in situations where I've been exploited, but not to this level, and it sucked, and I got the heck out as fast as possible once the reality set in. I would suggest expanding the freelancing. You don't have much time right now cause you're working 50+ hours per week for someone else. It should not be hard to replace what is effectively a $10/hour job with some extra freelancing work. I've had a friend of mine recently jump from 'job' to fulltime freelance, and while he's not booked up 100% of the time, he's increased that hourly rate, so just to keep up with where he was before he doesn't need to bill full time. Go back to your current freelancing clients, and explain that you'll be on the market soon. Ask if they have any extra work they need doing, ask them for referrals to other colleagues they may have who need what you do, and then ask them to be a reference. Preferably something in writing - a predone text file that you can use on your website and to include in your email marketing for new work. Update your linkedin.com page, and hit up your network there for more work. Finding work, especially as a freelancer, is very much about your network, and you have to curate that aspect of your life with intention and purpose. Happenstance and serendipity are great - they've brought some great things in to my life - but it's not enough. Hope is not a strategy. :) Start (re)developing your professional network outside of your current employment situation, and watch your freelancing grow. Maybe freelancing only tides you over for a few months, and you manage to land another f/t job. Don't ever forget that you're still in charge of your own career and life. Your current situation should help drive that home for a long time, but don't dwell on it. Use it as motivation to build your professional network so that you never have all your eggs in someone else's basket again. Own multiple baskets. Even if you don't put eggs in any for long stretches, they're still your basket. Best of luck to you, and I hope things turn around very quickly for you. It's hard to raise rates on existing clients in a short time frame - giving them some notice (3 months?) would be more professional. Your current predicament is not their problem, really. However, if you could offer extra services (like, you never did DB work for them, now you'll do DB work) having a different rate for different types of work is more palatable. The best option would be to pick a framework and learn to use it. I may get flamed for this view, but I don't really think it matters as much which framework you choose, just choose one and learn to use it well. Invest time in to learning with it on a throwaway project. You will not be as productive end-to-end on day 1 as you are with your current tools - that's OK, because after learning a framework, you will be more productive than pure hand-coding for any web-app of any complexity. You'll likely be safer, because there's been more effort put in to most frameworks to help protect against web attacks (SQL injection in most cases). Learning a framework will teach you to think differently about your development process, as well as introduce you to a community of like-minded developers all using the same tool. It will help you develop a development process. You'll get to the point where you're comfortable and productive, and then you'll start noticing limitations in whatever framework you're using. That's the time to start looking for another one, and either jumping over to using that, or more ideally, looking at what ideas and components you can reincorporate in to your current tech stack. I love Grails (Java) because, while it's niche, it makes model-drive development a snap. I create classes, identify relationships, and the system can generate the db layer (tables, etc) for me automatically. There are ways to do some of this in PHP, but the language itself makes this extremely verbose. However... I still use PHP (now using zfkit as a basis) for some projects, and have done some .Net work where it made sense (on an MS-only project, to be precise). It's easier to jump around now because I've spent time understanding not just the particular languages involved, but thinking about how web apps are commonly abstracted (MVC, service layers, db layers, etc). Understanding those common patterns makes it easier to swap between frameworks and platforms as needed. Gentle plug - I'm working on a starter kit for zend framework - zfkit.com - which aims to bring a somewhat better 'out of the box' experience to ZF (at least from my perspective). You can download and it's bundled and preconfigured to use the Doctrine ORM tool. That said, if ZF and Doctrine rather make you say "huh?" it may not be for you just yet. :) Generally, no. You could look at the incoming mail logs if you run your own server, and I've used that to verify someone was indeed mailing in but it was labelled as junk immediately (grepping through the junk mailbox was prohibitive). I watched as I had someone on the phone saying "I'm mailing" to make this happen. I'd vote for the basecamp option, but not specifically basecamp (not my cup of tea - I'm using redmine right now). Having a central web service where email is ancillary to the process, not vital, helps keep everyone up to date and has the added bonus of creating a history log of what's happened on a project. This makes bringing in other people easier to do because they can see the history of the project at a glance and ask more intelligent questions when getting started. However, making, say, 80, spending time promoting them, and perhaps having a few of those be moderate successes may make this a much more viable option. I have a friend who's pursuing this option of making multiple apps (not sure he's to 80 yet, but will likely surpass that in the next year). I agree, the chance of one app being the runaway success that affords one an early retirement is pretty remote, but the tech press loves to promote the huge success stories, and many others love to follow them. I can say that in the case of my friend, it's not repackaged content, but actual real apps. They tend to be somewhat on the basic side, but are nonetheless 'real' apps in the sense of having real hand programming behind them and such. FWIR, he's using Titanium, which makes it pretty easy to do basic apps fast (but still native apps all the same). Whether Apple will continue to let Titanium exist on the iOS platform is a whole other question :) It's generally going to be a few hundred bucks if you have someone else do it for you, or minimally > $100 for DIY in most states (NC is $125, plus $200/year renewal fee). You don't pay "15.3% more taxes". 15.3ish percent from income is taxed for FICA (social security, etc). You pay roughly half of that 7.x% in traditional employment situations, and the employer pays the other half. Someone making $100k is actually costing the employer $107.6k (roughly). As a sole prop you pay both halves of this tax - that's where the 15.3% comes from. However, you deduct half of it when computing the rest of your income taxes. Long and short - talk to a tax person about how you this is handled. It's not hard , but taking an hour or so to get your head around it is advisable. As to scorp/llc/ccorp, etc... Two points. One, for a single person there likely won't be any major diff between scorp or llc except more paperwork as an scorp. You can elect to be taxed as an scorp while retaining LLC status, but I don't know many who do that. Also, the arguable tax advantages of scorps are likely being reduced or eliminated soon via impending legislation in the US, so don't choose that for tax reasons. There may be some other reasons re: shareholders and such, but you can always 'trade up' to a larger corp at some point if you need to. I do some work with agencies who can get work with me as a sole prop, but if I work under the LLC name, they have to go through a full public bidding process, which a) takes longer, b) increases the chance I might not get the work and c) generally adds more cost to the project all around. So, even though I have an LLC, I still do some work 'outside' of that structure, depending on the situation. I don't want to be all wishy-washy here, but possibly in a future version you might have the option to 'show full page' or 'just the naked version'. A quick toggle to switch back and forth would be handy. If you're aiming at developers , I can say that as one, I'd much rather have control over my own data on my own hardware, however nice the tools are. That said, having your tool generate out a full running app which I can then install and build on would be great. Build in structo, then output for Django, Rails, ZendFramework, Grails, ASP.NET MVC, etc. I would pay a per-use fee for something like that - the 'per use' meaning the generation of the code in whatever framework format I wanted. It's going to save me a fair amount of setup boilerplate time, and I can then take it and continue to do whatever custom integration and extension work that I need to do. Let me design out the conceptual app I want as a non-developer, then find someone who can implement my project. I can give that person/team a starter kit with my core app fleshed out in whatever tech they're comfortable with, and they can take it from there. As nice as those frameworks are above, there's not a true drag/drop interface for the bulk of the mundane project setup work (well, possibly for the .NET side of things). Care to share what those 3 things were you want to do but can't find apps for? Great feedback. The overwhelming responses here (and my own as well) included "talk to a professional". The majority of people I know haven't seen that much of a tax difference one way or another when freelancing as individuals whether scorp or llc precisely because of the 'reasonable salary' requirement. If you manage to pull in $200k freelancing, but only salary $30k to yourself, yes, you're 'shielding' over $150k from self-employment tax, but that's a pretty big red flag which may trigger an audit. "If it does not pass, they have cost themselves a good deal of money on a inferior election." There's nothing to stop you from changing your corp status or starting a new one if you get to the point where one structure makes more financial sense than another. The original poster's question was to do with freelancing first and later developing an application. I suspect the freelancing income will likely not rise to the point where there's much of a difference between scorp shieldability vs llc passthrough taxation (arguably, yes, any benefit is better than none). Another poster's suggestion of starting up another entity specifically for the application development may be the best option all around, but, yet again, consulting a local professional competent in the laws of your locality would be the best bet one could take, regardless of other HN suggestions. While an scorp structure makes the most sense for your situation, it might not for the OP. They'd need to have people opt-in, otherwise privacy nuts would be complaining that "MW is holding on to my personal clothing sizes for years without my consent!". Opt-in would be fine, but I have to say as someone who is in the process of aging, I'm not the same shape I was 5 years ago. 6 months probably, but I doubt for many people the data is actually usable without a refit after, say, 3-4 years. I'm mildly shocked that someone gets the title of CTO these days and doesn't have home internet access. As someone else mentioned, you'd be getting it for work, so it's tax deductible. Obviously we don't know your situation, but if I had system problems that were continually causing 2-3% downtime, I'd be working all hours of the day (and night) to fix it so that I don't have to stretch out the fix to an even longer period of time. I realize that's probably not all you're doing at work, but this sounds a bit like putting off stuff that's not fun. Plow in, head down, get it done so that issue (or those issues) don't cause you any more late nights. That said, you also sound a bit unsure of the future - not much money left, trying to become profitable, etc. Are you looking for another position? If so, I would expect most other orgs would expect 'internet at home' from a CTO - especially one with an equity stake (however small). I hear ya - and some of that wasn't quite clear from the original post (already doing 70-80 hours, 2 years, etc). And I feel for ya too - I hope it turns around for you. That said, having net access at home might end up being better, if you can manage it. Depending on the work, it may allow you to be more flexible how and when you address problems, and still have some personal/family time as well. the content is going to have to be extremely compelling to compete against youtube/vimeo offerings. For premium content I have a real desire or need to see (concerts, something for work/school/etc) I might pay, but possibly still would look elsewhere. I think the idea is interesting , but you'll need to find the specific publishers that think they have the content worth paying for. Are you timing the playtime, or putting in 'pay wall' at a specific timer in the video? Also, going to a separate website is way too jarring - I think the experience would have to be in-player for it to be workable. I might be proved wrong, but that's my gut feeling. Good luck! tj - i have two people in detroit area who would likely be interested in talking to you about a startup opp. email me if you're interested. fwiw, the 'going to another page' is pretty jarring. Having a paywall inside the player would make it far more understandable. email's in my profile - mgkimsal@gmail.com (shows it to me - not sure why you don't see it). No, neither are able to relocate at this time (not sure if they're willing but I know in short term that's out of the question). You mentioned Detroit, which is why I brought it up. having it scan the words on the page and offer suggestions for tags would be helpful (not sure if it's feasible or not). combining the list page with a 'share this' or 'make a short url' version would be useful too. Interesting idea. Wondering A) how this is done (mturk?) and B) how this will be monetized. I've found the stock ubuntu repositories tend to have more up to date packages. For centos I end up needing to add external third party repositories to get basic LAMP-stack stuff current. That said, I still use centos for most things mostly because current centos is supported by the virtualmin install script, and I use virtualmin for many projects. All said, there's not a huge difference between centos and ubuntu for basic web server administration - you still need to understand the underlying tools - apache, mysql, dns, etc. regardless of the OS chosen. "But why should I care?" If you know ahead of time they're only interviewing for a position that tops out at $35k and you don't want anything less than $60k, it's better to not waste everyone's time. I think it's wishful thinking. Most companies (large and small) I've worked at or known about (via friends) have ranges for particular positions. It doesn't really matter what you want if you're vastly outside of what they've been allocated to pay. Yes, occasionally orgs will bend the position to fit you and modify pay accordingly, but it's rare enough to be the 'exception that proves the rule' when it does happen. I offer both Paypal and Google. There are people who are funny about paypal - they use Google. Others are funny about Google - they use paypal. It covers a very wide range of people without being too much of a hassle. FWIW, I started with just Paypal, and noticed a bump in paid users when I added Google checkout. I hope you notice the same bump when you go with paypal :) gentle plug for my own magazine: http://jsmag.com is a monthly PDF magazine on JavaScript which has been out for a bit over a year. "Ready to print" but we don't handle printing right now. Original content, DRM-free, JavaScript (and some front-end) articles. http://jsmag.com/sampler to grab the 24 page sampler.