I suppose there's a lot we wouldn't do if we apply cold hearted logical reasons. Sometimes it's nice to not apply cold hearted logical reasons (even though I do see your point). That said, one 'cold' reason could be being able to write a post about it that puts the writer and 37 signals in a good light. Another could be for the author to just want to feel better about herself, because she helped someone else and/or because she constructed a nice story (and we humans like stories)... This is amazing, and a bit scary... While I would not bet money on it, it might be possible that the NSA has dirt on these companies, or on their high-ranking employees, keeping them from taking a stand. I think it depends. I'm inclined to agree with Linus' approach, but I'll just argue that sometimes "abuse, swearing and provoking people" is the best approach. Some of the best lessons I learned was being chewed out by a manager. The magnitude of my stupidity or fuck-up would simply not have sunken in even if this manager had been factual and direct, without chewing me out. The same goes for my youth. I remember some lessons mostly because they involved my father yelling at me. I recall very few lessons where he sat me down and provided a detailed, factual argument of why I was being a dumb-ass. I don't get the impression that, in growing up, our ability to assess magnitudes of failure by factual analysis of the situation has improved enough to render 'chewing-out' pointless. I'm considering a similar thing. Do you know of any resources on do's and don'ts when setting something like that up? Could you show some evidence that previous generations were more mobile? I'm not disputing it, but I'm inclined to think we're not much more or less mobile than previous generations... I can confirm that I have lots of friends that 'just want to go somewhere' and base their decision on different whims. Anecdotal evidence, but still. Compliments on the thing as a whole, but one thing stuck out to me (negatively). When I read about 'tablets' and 'interaction' and saw the screenshot of how interfaces haven't changed much, I got rather excited about the idea of a word processor that truly tried to change the way we 'process words' on touch devices. Instead, it seems you've mostly focused on the stuff surrounding word processing. Which is a noble goal, but not what I was hoping/wishing for. I'd like to see someone reinvent the word processor, or update it for touch interfaces. In the same way that the mouse greatly changed the way we work on 'normal' computers, surely touch should give us similar new advantages. I've been following a number of projects that try to do this, but they are hyper-focused on just that text-input part. I'd love to see the best ideas from those experiments find their way into Quip. (This is just a general observation, not an attack on Quip. I can understand that you have chosen a specific focus that doesn't happen to be what I care about.) David Foster Wallace had some interesting thoughts on the importance of boredom. I'm on a mobile so I can't provide links, but google that! One of my favorites is the German title for 'Die Hard', which is 'Stirb Langsam'. The literal translation of this is 'die slowly'... I'd nuance this by saying that often it's more important to just set some kind of goal than to know what you want. Very often, the whole point of a gap year is to figure out "what you're going to do" and figure out "what you want to get out of it." In those cases, a gap year is better than just plowing ahead with whatever you're doing (and don't want to do). The following quote from The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle (by Haruki Murakami) pretty much expresses how I see this: "€œFor the time being, there is no need for either of us to be here. And if that is the case, I feel, it would be better for us not to be here." I mostly disagree with those who say that you need a plan or purpose for a gap year to be useful. Mostly, because I do think some kind of plan or purpose, however vague, is good, just to provide you with initial and general direction. A gap year is often exactly the kind of thing that can give you a long-term plan and a purpose, so waiting on these things before you take a year off can be counter-productive. I used to do a lot of hitchhiking for fun. When I went hitchhiking with absolutely no plan, I wasn't always happy with the aimless results. But when I'd set some initial goal, a random city or country, the result was wonderful. Very often I wouldn't arrive at this initial destination, but see many others instead. If a gap year is not going to negatively impact you, I see no reason why you wouldn't do it. Even without a plan other than partying! Indeed! I have some journalist friends who, as a group, spent months just to write one piece of investigative journalism. Another journalist friend once managed to work on something like that on his own, but only through crowdfunding. Good journalism is expensive! Indeed! I did a minor in journalism in the hopes of perhaps going in that direction professionally, only to realize that my idea of journalism was nothing like reality. We spent a significant portion of the classes just learning how to write news items. The teacher then told us that what we were doing one day a week for six months is what full-time journalism students spend an entire year doing, and that this is much of what they'll be doing once they enter the job market. She specifically advised those of us interested in being journalists to just get really good in our academic field, and move into journalism as 'specialists' from there. Ah, yeah. I do agree with that. A gap year with some kind of plan is (usually) preferable over just a gap year, but just a gap year is still better than staying on automatic pilot. Wow, even with what it can do now I can imagine using it for AR/VR games of laser tag or paint ball. The only thing missing would be feedback on your body for hits you've taking. At the right price, this might even turn out to be cheaper than proper paintball arena's. You can charge more, and there's no cleanup involved. You could even host these 'games' in real-world environments (with permission or otherwise). Imagine hosting counter-strike style games in empty buildings! That's pretty trivial to do with nginx though, isn't it? I have a server that can run php on certain subdomains AND folders, node.js on others and I suppose ruby would be pretty easy too. In fact, on one domain nginx sends part of the traffice /static/ directly to that actual directory, and anything else gets picked up by node.js. Or is what I'm doing really stupid? I'm not currently running anything significant on my servers, and this is not my primary domain of interest, so I've never checked how risky my setup is. Maybe you could tell me if that's the case? Hmm, does that matter if the company itself is in the U.S? I got offered a bike almost every night out in Amsterdam. I've had friends just pick up a bike instead of getting a taxi... 'COULD' is a complicated concept. It's something I struggle with too, when I watch movies like 'City of God', where mostly I ask myself 'why the hell don't these kids leave the city. or the country.' Or The Wire where a kid who 'got out' decides to come back. There are many factors that play a role in the options we have, and the strongest factors have nothing to do with what's objectively best. Psychologically speaking, it's a bit dangerous (and too easy) to say that poor people should just stop living their poor lifestyles and leave their poor friends and poor family for a world totally unknown to them. This is also true for addicts, or homeless people. I've come to know quite a few of both, and if anything I've started to respect the difficulty of their situation. Being able to reason about such things the way you do is, in itself, a privilege. I don't understand what you're trying to say. Could you elaborate? I respect your choice, but I think it's unfair in this case specifically (but in many other cases too) to say it's about 'pretty' and 'better advertising'. I read a lot on my mac, and I love the lack of scrollbar. It's one less 'element' on my reading experience (similar to almost all ebook readers not having chrome, like scrollbars and page numbers, or hiding chrome unless specifically requested). And because of how integral and 'decent' using the touchpad is (two finger scroll), I automatically scroll briefly to show the scrollbar in those few instances where I care about what position on the page I'm at. Of course, that's just one example, but I know many others who feel similarly. 'Apple knows best' doesn't just mean marketing and pretty, it often means decent choices that are good for a large percentage of people, and yes, you have to accept that. I find apple does do a lot of stuff that doesn't work for me. Even the lack scroll bars I rather hate when I use Finder (and don't get me started on that!). I use an android phone for that very reason. I don't always like the choices that apple makes for me, and I might reach a point where I opt out completely. I'm just saying that in this case I think apple made a risky but decent choice, that wasn't just about 'pretty' or 'marketing'. This reminds me of my experiences learning programming and web development. For a while I used Drupal for everything, because it allowed me to 'program without programming'. The views module (now in core drupal, or slated to be, I think), is essentially a visual query builder. What I discovered after a while, was that there was a tiny sweet spot where it was nice to do complicated things without writing code, but that it had huge drawbacks. Queries became ridiculous, for one. And very soon, the stuff I'd build using the Views module was 'complicated' enough conceptually that a normal SQL query would not only be much faster, but easier and quicker to write. The fact that this query could be version-controlled and didn't live in a database was nice too... Maybe i should've used the term 'advantage' then. I simply wanted to point out that the ability to choose/reason is in itself very much something you 'inherit', rather than some innate skill that we all have equally. I would agree. Even though I feel that I will probably be happier in the long run with a partner, I find myself quite happy to be alone much, of not most of the time. I could see myself living in the woods and traveling to a nearby town or city ever few weeks or so to 'dip my toes' in social activity, or to have friends visit me as a form of 'retreat'. The main thing that I miss, I've noticed, is (intellectual) input . And being online can satisfy much of that need (though not all). What I don't miss, is social interaction for the sake of it. I'd miss sex though, if I were to do this without a partner. Heh, very recognizable. I do think you will acclimatize to being alone over time, and it gets easier and perhaps almost back to 'before'. But I also agree that once you've had a taste of good partnership, it changes your perspective permanently, and you don't want to settle for 'before'. I find that the biggest effect of being alone for long periods of time is that my mind starts obsessing over weird things if I don't direct it to specific 'problems' to solve. It's like I need to exert more control when there are no friends around to 'center' my thought processes. I think a big problem lies in the individualist approach combined with a reserved attitude toward others. When you start a 'new life' in a new place where you cannot rely on massive amounts of free time, or structured 'community' (university, high school, church), you have to find shortcuts to making 'significant' connections. I've done okay on that front, having moved to a completely new place very often in my life. I find that one of the secrets is being extra honest, and extra open, instead of waiting for 'organic' moments of connection. These moments happen if you have loads of time to spend with people. If you don't have the time, too much can happen to get in the way of making such a connection before it is too late. I rather like this quote in the context. Can't remember who wrote it: "We waste so much energy trying to cover up who we are when beneath every attitude is the want to be loved, and beneath every anger is a wound to be healed and beneath every sadness is the fear that there will not be enough time. When we hesitate in being direct, we unknowingly slip something on, some added layer of protection that keeps us from feeling the world, and often that thin covering is the beginning of a loneliness which, if not put down, diminishes our chances of joy. It’s like wearing gloves every time we touch something, and then, forgetting we chose to put them on, we complain that nothing feels quite real. Our challenge each day is not to get dressed to face the world but to unglove ourselves so that the doorknob feels cold and the car handle feels wet and the kiss goodbye feels like the lips of another being, soft and unrepeatable." So it goes! I don't know why it surprises me, but a sizable portion of the expats here in Berlin originally came for a guy/girl. Agreed. I love Quora's newsletter, I like a lot of what they do, but I don't like their approach. It's enough to make me avoid them as much as possible. I'm sorry, but I don't really understand what point you are making. For some people traveling is not hard. For some people traveling is hard. But even for those traveling might be well worth the difficulties. Many good things are hard. Now, personally I would argue people who say traveling isn't hard are wrong. I've traveled a lot, lived in a few quite different countries, and much as it's incredibly natural to me, it's often proven to be hard, much harder than staying in one place, in the culture most common to me... Indeed. I find myself become ever more aware of how even when I think I'm not comparing myself to some norm, I subconsciously am doing this anyways. I find that meeting people wildly different from myself in lifestyle or perspective really helps. Traveling to 'foreign' cultures too. I'd say of all those three number 2 is the most common reason why people don't 'follow their dream', but I don't think it's the main reason. The main reason, I think, is that it's just real hard to wander off the beaten path. I suspect the primary problem is those first steps and then keeping at it for a while. We are taught from very early on, especially if our parents were 'normal' middle-class people, to do the 'normal' thing. But based on my interactions with people who 'do their own thing', it seems quite feasible, and often a good recipe for happiness, and not so hard to keep up once you've done it for a while. I would like to add the following: 1. Most people are alright, but avoid the few who aren't like the plague. I've always had the fortune to not lose my trust in people, but I've found that it took me a significant time in my twenties to learn how to filter out the bad people (perhaps because of this). Especially bad partners. The converse can also be true. I know people who seem to have based their entire outlook on a few shitty people in their lives (sadly, parents are often the culprits), and miss out on connections, and opportunities, because they assume the worst. Finding a balance in this regard, I believe, has been one of the things that most increased my general quality of life, and (moderate) success. 2. Lots of people are lonely Perhaps this mostly applicable to post-college life, but I've been shocked to find out how many people around me feel isolated and lonely. Knowing this, however, helped in gaining the courage to approach others, knowing that they are just as willing to make new friends as I am. > 10. People = Sh#t. This is just me as I’m quite the (cartoon) nihilist, but please respect peoples boundaries because some people like to be left alone, don’t encroach on others personal space. Could you expand on this? I like to think I'm good at respecting boundaries, but at the same time I generally operate outside of what most people consider 'boundaries' precisely because my experience is that people like this. Obviously, this should be done with care, and I think I am careful, but I'd love to hear what you find typical of people crossing your boundaries. Good to hear you're working on it. I can have a tendency to be elitist and see myself as smarter or better than others. I can also get annoyed and frustrated easily. I try to turn that 'off' as much as possible, because it doesn't work. I would add though, that 'figuring people out' is not the most important thing. I've wasted many hours in my twenties in attempting to do this, but what works best, in my opinion, is to just be as transparent, direct, and uncomplicated as possible, combined with an assumption that the other means well, and kindness. Avoid drama. Some of the most popular/liked people I know, interestingly, are not always nice. More important, it seems, is that they are consistent . You know what you get, and you can either take it or leave it. Not sure if I'm agreeing or disagreeing with you, but I'd say this is exactly why programmers will do fine for a long time to come. What we do, assuming we're not cranking out wordpress sites with existing templates, is solve problems . And so when we find ways to automate particular common scenarios for, say, certain types of websites (which I suppose Rails and the many CMS' do), we have probably already moved on because we were bored cranking out these things in favor of solving problems. Contrast that with the auto industry. Car building may be hard, but much of the job loss in this industry consisted of work that was easily automated, and not solving problems. Furthermore, part of this 'problem solving', in my experience, involves a lot of interaction with other people. This is not easily replaced by outsourcing to skilled programmers who are 1) non-native culturally and linguistically, and 2) far away. In a way, we are better compared to plumbers or mechanics, 'full-stack problem solvers'. I do not disagree with you entirely, but I think what nuances the statement that 'programming is hard' is that this doesn't mean that other jobs aren't hard in other ways. I believe programming does require above-average critical/logical thinking and continuous learning. On the other hand, it often requires less social thinking or management. I have no problem saying that I'm a better programmer because most people are just sloppy and not as inherently curious and inclined to love clear, discrete problems and solving them. It doesn't make me arrogant, because I have huge amounts of respect for (some of) the project managers above me who have to deal with complicated schedules, higher-ups fucking up their shit, and managing prissy developers, designers, and whatnots who suck at communicating and collaborating. Ha, then I'm safe. I equally dislike the situations you describe, so I do not subject others to it either. I used to agree with your view, and unapologetically, err, apologize for apples choices anyways. Then I switched to the Nexus 4, and I changed my mind slightly. On the one hand I love the thing. It can do lots of stuff that I like that I couldn't do on my iPhone, even after jailbreaking. But on the other hand, many of the common tasks leave me with irritations that I didn't have with the iPhone. UI inconsistencies, unintuitive interfaces, weird crashes, and generally stuff that made me miss my less-powerful iPhone. Now, as a geek and a power user I am inclined to still prefer the Nexus, but only barely. But for my day to day stuff I'd switch back to an iPhone in a heartbeat. So, I think saying it's all just fashion is not completely true. It is also about tech. And among most of my friends status has little to do with it (if anything, having an iPhone is boring over here in hipster land, and you're cooler with a fridge-sized Nokia that can only store 20 text messages). The way I see it, one doesn't need to actively travel constantly to be traveling. When I was dealing with a difficult project, I just stayed at one particular hostel for two months, and settled into a routine. It was an odd one, of course, but it still became a routine, and I could finish the project. I'm assuming there's an event for when the audio is loaded... maybe hook up the animation to that? Yup. I'm currently relatively stable in Berlin, but I've been doing the same thing. One thing I try to do ASAP, if the city is accommodating, is get a bike. It's one of the best ways to get around and discover new things in the process. Also gives you a lot of freedom to adjust plans on the fly. I suppose this also depends on what you consider 'default'. Who says the default should be to stay in one place for decades? Leaving and staying each have advantages and disadvantages, but as far as I can tell neither has proven to be generally the 'best' option. In fact, my experience is that those who do move around generally seem to lead a happier and fulfilling life, but that's just my experience perhaps. My point is that staying behind for 'stability' could be equally selfish. Uprooting your life in itself is not selfish, however the way you do this could make is to. If this is the talk I think it is, I can say it helped me greatly as a programmer. I'm one of those 'homegrown' programmers with no formal education, and I'd probably horrify some of you with my work. But I'm learning, and very aware of my deficiencies. What I loved about this talk is that it seemed more a 'philosophy of programming' thing, where a lot of what he said applied even to my shitty programming, and (hopefully) even improved it. Indeed. I think this has a lot to do with 'fluff'. More modern games have a lot of fluff to make the difficulty increase less abrupt and, of course, because we demand it. There are a few games, even relatively new ones, that don't have much 'fluff'. They're often considered very difficult, but because they're so lean and well-designed, they don't generally feel unfair. These games remind me of what I used to play growing up, and they often offer much more satisfaction in a shorter time-span. A good, new-ish example of this is Ninja Gaiden for the Xbox, which at times feels overwhelmingly difficult, and yet after playing for a while you notice improvement. It rarely feels truly unfair, and I find it more enjoyable than 'fluffier' games. Other examples would be games like Ikaruga, F-Zero. It probably doesn't have many players anymore, but my favorite mod was Thievery UT. I've played some rounds that were, no hyperbole, the most fun I've ever had playing games. One of the guys involved was actually working on Splinter Cell and I'm pretty sure much of what we were experimenting with has, in some ways, influenced that game. And two of the guys ended up doing games full-time for Valve after working on Alien Swarm, and now Left 4 Dead. If only they'd do a new version of Thievery! Back to their roots... Well, what about fun ? Both for games and television I'd argue that they're fine in moderation, and that it depends on what particular game or film/show. The Wire? Awesome and very educational. Planescape Torment (or other RPG's)? Better, in some ways, than a great book. Also, chess is a game too, so really just a subset of 'games'. I don't really see what you're trying to point out with that comparison. Haha, yeah, that's pretty much the single most useful thing I learned.