Anyone who thinks using wolfram alpha for math is cheating has never tried using it for non-trivial calculations. Yeah, it will save you the time of looking up an integral from a table, but it's worthless if the integral isn't in a standard table. It will save you time on looking up the equation for the area of a dodecagon, but it won't prove that equation. It will save you time figuring out the units of the final answer, but it won't tell you if those units are logical. Wolfram alpha only saves people from the tedious busywork of basic arithmetic and algebra, the user still needs to do all the math. Facebook is merely one of the many successors to Friendster, which in turn descends from such social platforms as Geocities and Usenet. Facebook managed to emerge as a major social network by occupying a specific niche, namely it was exclusively for college elites. By the time it branched out enough that anyone could join, and thus sought to topple myspace, it already had a huge userbase filled with socially influential people. Plenty of other social networks have also popped up and become wildly popular: twitter, instagram, snapchat, reddit, tumblr, pinterest, etc. None of them are clones of facebook, but they are as similar to facebook as facebook was to myspace when it launched. No one is going to switch to a new social network that none of their friends are on unless that new network offers some valuable feature that the original fundamentally lacks. Just look at Orkut: it was a perfect facebook clone with the backing of goolge that became wildly popular in places where facebook hadn't yet become predominant, like Brazil, but it couldn't topple facebook in established markets because no one had friends already on orkut. Google tried and failed to launch many social networks, their mistake every time was that they tried to move on facebook without a sizeable userbase. Facebook has worked tirelessly to integrate every valuable innovation in social networking very rapidly. They've added hashtags, newsfeeds, video sharing, video chat, etc. No new network has had both a large userbase and a valuable new feature at the same time, and thus no network has been in a position to take on facebook as a general social network. Presumably Facebook will remain king until either it loses its vigilance (which seems very unlikely so long as Zuckerberg is at the helm) or a valuable new social networking feature is developed that Facebook fundamentally can't integrate. For this latter case, there are in turn two possibilities: Facebook can't integrate a feature because it is too technically challenging (which seems unimaginable given the resources facebook devotes to its engineering and acquisitions) or the feature is just incompatible with the rest of facebook's user experience (in which case this new social network won't resemble facebook much at all). Thus I would posit that, while facebook is not guaranteed to always be on top, there will never be a new facebook that replaces it. Facebook is the Tyrannosaurus Rex of friendster-like social networks. The latest Proton can get payload to orbit for a lower price per kg than an expendable Falcon 9. The price difference isn't huge, less than 10%, and it comes at the cost of using UDMH/NTO for its propellant. This propellant combination is both highly explosive and highly toxic. It's an acceptable propellant choice for ICBMs, which the Proton was developed as, but for everything else it's really unacceptable. The price of the Proton also does not include development costs, making every flight in essence subsidized by the Russian government. Once the price of the Falcon 9 drops due to reusability, it will be the cheapest launch vehicle per kg of payload. Way more people want to click on a link that takes them to netflix than to a wikipedia page about the 14th letter in the english alphabet or a random game from 2004. I'm working on something similar to this for prospecting. Unfortunately a major issue is that even minor impurities can radically alter the appearance of minerals. Google corundum if you want a good example. Another issue is that people tend to post pictures online of exceptional samples which are pretty much by definition very different from what one would expect to find in nature. Finally, visual inspection is often not sufficient to determine what mineral something is, even if you know exactly what to look for; other tests such as scratch tests or chemical tests, etc are used to make the final determination. All in all you're probably not going to be able to make a general rock identifier that gives useful results for everything. You may get away with something more limited, but even then you're going to need a better database of images than google for training. I agree though it would be cool to have. They're taking offense to the title being a mischaracterization of the paper, not to the result in the paper I'd say drop the first 7 questions. You have no reason to doubt anyone who can do the last 4 can do the first 7, and you have no reason to care whether anyone who can't do the last 4 can do the first 7. Unless you specified how to do so in your operating agreement (in which case you wouldn't be asking us) you can't fire a co-founder. Either he can leave of his own volition, or you can. I'm going to assume what you mean is "how do I convince my cofounder to leave?" While you say that your co-founder lacks the skills you need right now, you also say he has skills that will be valuable in the future, plus the fact that you are worried about losing his contribution during the busy season implies that he does make some contribution right now significant enough to worry about losing. You clearly need to bring someone else on so that you have the skills you need (no sense in trying to fit a square peg into a round hole), but that doesn't automatically mean you need to get rid of your current cofounder. It sounds like the startup is generally healthy and you are just reaching the point where you need to expand. This expansion may require raising more money or tightening your belts, but I would not throw away a proven good partner if there were another viable option. It's not necessarily unfair to ask him to tighten his belt more than you, though I would hesitate to adopt the mindset that it's his fault you need to expand. Now if the problem isn't that your co-founder lacks the ability to do what the startup needs but rather is refusing to do what the startup needs, that's a different situation. I imagine this isn't a personality issue if you've worked together well before, more likely you just have different visions for what the startup needs. In such cases, it's good to have some third party to talk to, such as your investors or any advisors your company may have. It's easy to disagree with someone, it's very tough to disagree with everyone. At the same time though, instead of going in with the intention of forcing him to see things your way, look to understand his vision and consider modifying your own to an acceptable compromise between the two. Imagine you have 8 companies, each with one open position and different job requirements, and 7 coders who each apply to all 8 open positions and who each have different expertise. Every company extends an offer to the candidate who is best for them. No company hires more than 1/7th of the applicants, and every company hires only the best, yet at the same time there are not enough coders to go around. Of course at the same time, the companies getting flooded with more applicants than they can hope to process are not the same companies struggling to fill positions, and the coders struggling through interviews are not applying to the jobs that will take anyone with a pulse. Writing code is like writing a book. You're not going to nail it on the first draft. It's okay to use a library that's probably not right for what you're doing but you can make something work, and then come back later and reimplement it with a more appropriate library. In fact, the problems you run into during the sub-optimal first draft will tell you what tools are really the best for your project. It can also help to have someone else to keep you on track. Find a friend, a family member, a mentor, etc who is willing to take a few minutes every week to play around with what you create and give you some feedback. Having someone who you can show off to when you work hard, and who will be disappointed if you don't, is a pretty good motivator. "The point we will be making here is that logically, neither trial and error nor "chance" and serendipity can be behind the gains in technology and empirical science attributed to them. By definition chance cannot lead to long term gains (it would no longer be chance); trial and error cannot be unconditionally effective: errors cause planes to crash, buildings to collapse, and knowledge to regress." This is an extremely flawed initial assumption. There is no requirement for chance to be centered around zero. Consider rolling a dice: sometimes you'll get more than the mean, sometimes less, but you'll never roll a negative number. You can certainly win on chance in the long run, that's the foundation of casinos and insurance companies. It's hard to imagine a scenario where trial and error can possibly lead to knowledge regressing. Consider randomly digging holes in the ground: after enough holes you will eventually strike gold, and you will never lose physical gold in the process. However, you may lose significant time, wealth, and effort that could have been better converted to gold. The optimal way to strike gold is not to dig more, shallower holes, but to learn enough geology to understand where gold is likely to be found and concentrate your prospecting there. No experiment could ever possibly hurt scientific knowledge. People tinkering will certainly make occasional discoveries. In a brand new field with a lot of low hanging fruit, these discoveries will be numerous and the cost will be low. But in a developed field where people have a good idea where the remaining discoveries are likely to be found and the effort to conduct such experiments is substantial, targeted approaches become optimal. Reducing the unit cost of experiments is always nice, but is not generally feasible. This strategy of "convexity" is a very poor substitute in the real world for understanding. Burnout is the mental equivalent of an athletic injury: you might love what you do, but you've been going at it too hard and need time to recuperate. A burnt out person was previously happy doing what they were doing but just now can't go on. Depression is a mental health condition that can cause lethargy and can be brought on by stress, but it is chiefly characterized by extended and repeated periods of sadness and self loathing and can be brought on by many causes, including traumatic events, changes in hormone balance, or environmental factors. Simple rest and relaxation will not, at least on its own, make depression go away. While a depressed person is having a depressive episode, they may find it very difficult to work, but in between episodes they will work normally. Laziness means you don't like to work, or at least can't motivate yourself to do the tasks you need to do. It is a character trait that neither starts nor goes away suddenly. Instead it something that must be routinely overcome. A lazy person may have a lower baseline level of motivation than a non-lazy person, but their motivation level should remain about as consistent as a normal person's; they won't have sudden unexplainable drops in productivity. Being in the wrong job means something specific to the job itself is problematic but the person is otherwise an enthusiastic worker. Instead of sudden dips in enthusiasm, or consistent low performance, they will likely show a slow but steady decline as the negative aspects of their job takes a toll. Often the person in the wrong job actually likes the work itself, but other aspects of the working environment such as coworkers or organization make them unhappy. Finally, these cases are not mutually exclusive. A lazy person can find themselves in the wrong job, get burntout trying to do it anyways, triggering the onset of depression. Luckily, the remedies for each challenge are very unlikely to have a negative effect on someone who is actually facing one of the other challenges. This isn't second order thinking. Deciding to eat a salad when you're hungry instead of a candy bar because you value health over immediate satisfaction is discipline, not intelligence. You're still thinking linearly about the costs and benefits of the decision, you're just placing more emphasis on the longer term costs and benefits. Second order thinking refers to holistically looking at a situation to see emergent behaviors, which allows the intelligent to see things that are not intuitive. Second order thinking would be choosing a salad when you're hungry so that salad becomes associated with relieving hunger, thus making it easier to choose salads going forward, which will create a positive feedback loop keeping you on your diet. It's the self-interaction of the decision that makes it qualitatively more complex than first order thinking. The supreme court interprets the constitution, it doesn't have carte blanche to rewrite it. It is security theater but it's set up that way for good reason. The long winding lines are intended to let cameras get good images of you from multiple angles and have time to run those images through a database. Anyone flagged is standing for several minutes in a heavily guarded area with no electronics, no shoes, not even a belt: they're in no position to run, hide, or fight. This "debunking" oversimplifies the situation by only looking at individual charged particles. In reality, after this thing has been running for a bit, you'll have a cloud of free electrons ahead of the craft and a cloud of protons behind the craft. As protons ahead of the craft are decelerated by the leading positive plate, they will eventually slow to a low enough energy to combine with the free electrons, becoming neutral hydrogen. Only when they get inside the capacitor field will the voltage differential be great enough to re-ionize the hydrogen, at which point the electron will be shot forward to replenish the free electron cloud, while the proton will be accelerated out the back. Analogously, free electrons approaching from the rear will lose enough energy to recombine with the trailing protons, again becoming neutral hydrogen which no longer contributes to drag. It's really no different than if you had a purely mechanical funnel scooping up neutral hydrogen and using that as fuel for a conventional ion-engine. I could totally see that. I live in an area with lots of very steep hills which would be murder to bike up, so I just don't bike. I never even considered that I could just get an E-bike to deal with them and then start biking everywhere. You can't really compare bone and titanium in terms of strength. Bone is strong in compression but weak in tension and extremely weak in shear. Titanium is slightly weaker in compression but dramatically stronger in tension and shear. Bone works great until it fails catastrophically (ie it fractures, breaks, and shatters) while titanium will begin bending long before it breaks. The latter is generally preferred in engineering structures, but since a human can heal its bones, the sudden failure is an acceptable compromise for consistent performance even at high loads. Finally, bone weakens as we age, as does the body's ability to heal itself. Eventually wear and tear will make joints highly uncomfortable and the potential damage from otherwise minor injuries significantly greater. Titanium holds up well in the body over human timespans, and our ability to replace titanium components far exceeds our ability to artificially regenerate bone. There are good reasons why evolution favored a composite like bone for our structural elements, but if you could magically replace your skeleton with one made of titanium once you were past your prime, it would be an unambiguous upgrade. Build some things which already exist. Inevitably you will run into difficulty trying to do something that ought to be easy. Those are the best problems to solve. According to the Hague Convention's relevant sections, article 1: The Contracting Powers recognize that hostilities between themselves must not commence without previous and explicit warning, in the form either of a reasoned declaration of war or of an ultimatum with conditional declaration of war. article 2: The existence of a state of war must be notified to the neutral Powers without delay, and shall not take effect in regard to them until after the receipt of a notification, which may, however, be given by telegraph. Neutral Powers, nevertheless, cannot rely on the absence of notification if it is clearly established that they were in fact aware of the existence of a state of war. There is nothing saying that a declaration of war must be preserved. Indeed the only mentioned method of transmitting a declaration of war is by telegraph, which does not preserve the information at all and would mean the message might be completely missed if the receiver was unmanned at the time. Ignoring the absurdity of declaring war exclusively via twitter, or the improbability that a declaration of war on twitter by a nation state would go unnoticed, it seems even an extremely rapid deletion of the tweet would not hinder the tweeter's ability to formally declare war, and thus the deletion could never be treason to begin with. There might be an issue with the Federal Recordkeeping Act, but this would be on the part of the entity tweeting, not Twitter, and would certainly not be grounds for treason in any capacity. This is an argument for people to wake up later, not for clocks to be set back an hour. Interestingly you can design a wastewater treatment plant in arizona without a PE license, but there are no exemptions for any type of engineering except that which would be done by a civil or structural engineer.[0] At the same time though, the word "engineer" in isolation is not protected in Arizona the way it is in some other states.[1] [0] https://codes.findlaw.com/az/title-32-professions-and-occupa... [1] https://codes.findlaw.com/az/title-32-professions-and-occupa... This conclusion does not seem to be the simplest conclusion from the evidence. Forest fires would be more rare in cold periods, but they would still occur - if they happened 10 times less often you'd expect to see around 10% as much fire usage, not 0%. While it is possible Neanderthals in the region abruptly stopped using fire in the region for tens of thousands of years, another possibility is that they started making a different style of hearth which did not leave the same form of evidence. Perhaps they switched to making fires in different parts of or outside the cave, or perhaps they built fires on raised stones that provided better airflow but also meant buried artifacts recieved less heat, or perhaps as sediment built up in the cave they started digging pits for their hearths which would make them appear older, etc. While none of this explicitly rules out the possibility that Neanderthals lacked the ability to make fire, that a hominin so similar to us that we could potentially crossbreed could survive in arctic climates without fire is an extraordinary claim, and absence of evidence for fire at these locations is not necessarily evidence of absence. Information would pass between neighboring tribes over time. Even if a small region had gone centuries without fire, the knowledge could return. Indeed, fire itself could be transported between tribes if one lost theirs. For a continent-scale loss of knowledge, you'd need a continent-scale loss of fire lasting generations. Any event that could cause this would certainly have left clear traces. If people are disappointed that they can't actually buy your product, it's only because they want it and can't readily get it by any other means (otherwise they never would have bothered with you in the first place). By validating your idea, you move one step closer to satisfying their wants and needs. If you don't validate your idea, or validate by a slower or less effective method, you are delaying, possibly indefinitely, their ability to purchase what they desire. While some people may react negatively to being "misled" like this, that doesn't change the fact it is objectively in their best interest. Your desire to avoid misrepresentation does no good beyond making you feel better about yourself for having followed an arbitrary moral rule without regard for circumstance. Any ethics system that says go against everyone's best interests to make yourself feel good is dumb. First doesn't necessarily cause second, but second almost certainly doesn't cause first. The comment isn't for educating the authors, it is a reminder for those reading the article not to misinterpret the authors' work. According to the original article, the governor's order did not state that virtual schools had to close. Rather the state superintendent interpreted the order to include virtual schools specifically so that the brick and mortar schools don't lose funding. > I was deeply disturbed by recent reporting by The New York Times about the nearly 70 million online photos and videos of child sexual abuse that were reported by technology companies last year. If the tech companies are reporting 70 million photos and videos, doesn't that mean current measures are already effective at finding and reporting massive quantities of child sexual abuse content? It's like complaining about firefighters putting out too many fires - even if there is some real problem causing an excessive amount of fires to start, there's no reason to interfere with the firefighters successfully combatting the problem. It is quite frightening that the bill's prominent supporters won't list even a single problem with the current system that they hope their new "best practices" would rectify. Significant progress was made towards vaccines for other diseases closely related to Coronavirus such as SARS and MERS before funding dried up. While a SARS vaccine probably wouldn't be effective against Covid-19, there's no reason a priori to assume covid-19 has some special quality that makes it substantially more difficult to develop a vaccine for. HIV resists attempts to produce a vaccine because of its high mutation rate. There are too many strains out there for one vaccine to ever be effective and no guarantee that new strains won't pop up. Had HIV been caught and contained early on, a vaccine cocktail could probably have been developed that would be effective, but now you'd still have to worry about any HIV positive person having a strain you are not vaccinated against and thus would have to take the same protective measures. Covid-19 has been mutating slowly thus far, so there is good reason to believe that if a vaccine is developed, it would be effective. It is possible and even probable that covid will remain endemic in some regions, particularly those with poor healthcare systems, and thus new strains will have time to emerge. We thus may need new vaccines for seasonal strains, similar to the flu, but still it will be much more manageable. At the end of the day though, a vaccine may not be necessary for life to go back to something close to normal. The US already has about 1.3 million community spread pneumonia cases per year on average which has a substantially higher mortality rate and we get along just fine. The issue with Covid was that we were unprepared for it - hospitals did not have adequate amounts of supplies and equipment to handle the sudden spike in admitted patients. This leads to worse outcomes for those who catch the disease and extreme measures to limit the rate the disease spreads. If all the hospitals already had tons of extra ventilators lying around and if everyone already had face masks at home and if businesses already had adequate plans for sick leave in place then this outbreak would have been a mild inconvenience. While we obviously can't go back in time, we will be prepared moving forward. There aren't many hospitals that have run out of beds, but that's not the issue. Many have had to resort to inferior alternatives for PPE as primary supplies have run out and global shortages have made them impossible to restock. The price of melt-blown non-woven fabric, the bottleneck in the production of N95 masks, has increased 10x as the machines to produce more take months to build. In countries like the US, people were initially told not to wear face masks so as to preserve the supply for hospital use; while the decision was not irrational, those countries where face mask usage by the general population was widespread saw much lower infection rates, and while the US has changed course it is still quite probable that if people had masks from the get go we'd be better off. The shortage of ventilators has required rationing - ie where a patient would normally be put on a ventilator when they had much more mild symptoms (and better odds of survival) they are now delayed until the disease has further progressed. Luckily ventillators from less affected areas have been moved to worse hit ones which has taken the edge off the shortage to a degree. Testing kits have been an extreme limitation throughout the outbreak. Their low availability meant it was difficult to trace contacts early on, major transport hubs like airports did not have adequate access to screen likely carriers until the disease had already reached most countries, and even now millions of perfectly healthy people are living in fear as the tests which would tell them they'll be fine are reserved for those showing symptoms. While it has been pushed further than at any point in living memory, the US health system did not collapse; the outbreak has remained within a manageable range. This is true only because of massive measures taken to slow down the outbreak. Millions of people are in lockdown and huge sections of the economy have been either de jure or de facto shut down, which has already evaporated trillions of dollars in wealth, and no price can be put on the lives that have been lost as a result of avoidable infections and inferior medical care. If we were prepared, we wouldn't have had to take those emergency measures to keep the infection rate low enough for the healthcare system to survive. Looks more like jazz hands to me but to each their own Why should we not feed the utility monster? Consider a population of mostly healthy people but one person has a rare cancer. There is a small supply of drugs that treat that cancer. The vast majority of the population would derive little utility from being allocated this drug (there is some small chance that they may get the same cancer in the future, so having it available does have value, just not much) whereas the person who has that cancer derives a much larger amount of utility from the resource. The cancer patient is in this case a utility monster and giving it cancer medicine is feeding the utility monster. Consider even further the case where most of the population is middle class but some fraction is living in absolute poverty. A single dollar provides little utility to the middle class people but a tremendous amount of utility to the extremely poor. Taxing the population some small amount and allocating it to the poor individuals would not only be feeding a utility monster but it would be directly decreasing the utility of everyone else to do so. Let's consider a third scenario: a researcher is trying to cure some terminal disease but requires test subjects who may die as various possible drugs are tried. The utility gain from curing a disease once and for all would be immense compared to the life of one or even a few individuals. Carrying out this research is again feeding a utility monster, and in this case literally sending people to their deaths to do so. While people might disagree on how we'd go about feeding these monsters in practice, society has widely accepted at least in principle giving medicine to the sick, providing welfare to poor, and taking calculated risks in the name of progress. The utility monster only sounds appealing as an ad absurdum argument because the existence of such a utility monster presupposes such an absurd situation. One can easily imagine that a utility monster which derives more utility from every resource than the whole of humanity combined could exist, but actually imagining such a monster is much harder. It feels wrong to support sacrificing the whole of humanity to one being because I can not truly comprehend a situation where one being could derive enough utility to justify such a sacrifice. But in this hypothetical scenario where the sacrifice actually was justified, I would by definition be able to imagine it, and thus I would apply the same logic I do to the utility monsters which I can imagine, and there is no reason to believe I would reach a different conclusion. Thus I would support feeding the utility monster if I were ever in such a scenario. > In the enlightenment you could make discoveries about lightning with a kite and a key, in your free time when you weren't working as a publisher or founding America. And yet those discoveries weren't made in the previous thousands of years during which people had been standing around in thunderstorms. The enlightenment represented a paradigm shift where a new innovation - the scientific method - was applied en masse for the first time and it led to revolutions in science, technology, and society. Whenever a paradigm shift happens, be it the practical steam engine or long range electricity transmission, you invariably have a lot of suddenly accessible low hanging fruit. The mid 20th century had a surprisingly large number of such paradigm shifting innovations such as solid state transistors, integrated circuits, jet engines, nuclear reactors, antibiotics, solar cells, the internet, lasers, credit cards, the list goes on. Entire new fields of science and sectors of industry popped up in a very short period of time. We continue to innovate, but our innovations are mostly evolutionary and there have been comparatively few paradigm altering inventions in the past 30 years, especially when one considers how much larger the population of sufficiently educated and affluent individuals who could produce such innovations has become and how much easier it is for such innovations to be communicated. It is impressive how good we've gotten at picking higher fruit, but we should still be asking why we are struggling so hard to find low hanging fruit. At a distance of 100 km, the gravitational acceleration caused by the greenland ice sheet is .019 m/s^2 or ~0.2% g. Doesn't sound like a lot but it's still 524 times higher than the effect of the moon's gravity which creates the tides. The ice sheet has the same gravitational effect as the moon at a distance of approximately 2300 km. If managers are disagreeing in public, it is either because they never agreed to something in private beforehand (poor communication) or because the couldn't stick to the agreement (lack of professionalism). Such disagreement is thus a symptom, not a cause of management problems. You shouldn't be undermining eachother with arguments, but forbidding such arguments does not fix the underlying issue, it only hides it and lets it fester. If something is enjoyable and rewarding, like making art or an invention, I'd want to do it myself. If a job is unenjoyable and unrewarding, I will use the fruits of my labors to get someone else to do it. I will pay a lot of money to whoever cleans my septic tank. Does that make septic tank cleaners socially valuable, or does that make having a clean septic tank valuable? If a machine can clean the septic tank and no one has to do that task anymore, then I can get what I want without either having to toil myself or convincing someone else to toil. Wouldn't surprise me if they had a little piston or something to push off every Xth bottle but there was an off-by-one error so they wound up pushing off every bottle with 348 printed instead, or perhaps they had to restart the line once and no one told the engineer to adjust for it so the place was off after that. While not done with neutrinos (at least not yet), a very similar setup is used for stufying geological structures. Usually either cosmic rays or muons produced by cosmic ray collisions are detected and depending on the number of detections over time, the density of the rock they pass through can be determined. By filtering the energy of the particles, you can look at radiation directionally (particles coming straight down have more energy than those that come at a shallower angle). You can have a detector next to a volcano and get an "x-ray" of that volcano. Neutrino detectors can also "see" active nuclear reactors. One could imagine using a detector located outside of a suspect nation to validate their claims with regards to nuclear nonproliferation (ie that they're not running their reactors overtime to produce more plutonium than they report). By selecting the energy of the proton beam correctly, you can prevent much besides the muons from being produced. Whatever other particles do show up - if not guided by carefully set up electromagnetic fields - will quickly smash into the walls of the device, generating heat as they scatter and decay. Some of this heat can be used to boil a coolant and regenerate energy, but for the most part it is just an inefficiency. The lead wall and some of the material around it will become radioactive waste as some long lived isotopes are produced, but they could potentially have many years of service life. Let's say a county is a 15 mile by 15 mile square with a square grid of streets spaced on average 1000 feet apart. That would be 2370 miles of road in the county. Assuming a lifetime for that road of 35 years, they need to replace 68 miles of road per year which works out to about 1000 feet per day. At $1.5/.32 miles, they would be spending $881K per day on road replacement. If a county run crew could cut 10% of this cost out, and 50% of that was used for labor, they could employ 198 people at 80k per year on average. A paver capable of paving 1000 feet of 24 foot wide road per day costs approximately 60k. Assuming 10% of cost savings went towards capital equipment, they could purchase 52 such pavers per year. For a more reasonable but still quite liberal budget of $1 million per year of capital equipment financing and maintenance payments and salaries of $200k for 40 employees, that 10% cost savings would allow the county to pocket $22 Million per year. Even if the streets were spaced on average 1 mile apart, that would still be 100 feet per day, and the 10% cost reduction would be $3 million per year. This does not include new construction or regular maintenance of roads, nonetheless other construction projects. Only very small or sparsely populated counties should have any trouble justifying the expense of an in-house construction crew. Just make a github account with a second email address And what are the odds you will encounter that situation again in the next 10 years? In the same time period, what are the odds you'll need a prescription for antibiotics for a common disease? No one is saying you should stop seeing doctors entirely, but several things that currently require a doctor's appointment probably shouldn't. You can make a new reddit account in 20 seconds if you don't want people to tie the comment you're about to make to your main account which is already a step removed from you. If you want Throwaway8675309 to develop a reputation, that's an option you have, not a requirement. That's why I started my kids off reading James Joyce. Once they learn to manage their vocabulary and really grasp how grammar is supposed to work, then they can read Dr. Seuss without picking up any bad habits. Sure my kids are teenagers and have never finished reading a book, but they'll be great authors once they do. Those who don't report incidents within x days of the first report should forfeit their 10% bonus for some pay period y to a pool to be split among those who do report incidents in the time frame, with those who report earlier receiving larger portions than those who report later. It thus is always in everyone's individual best interest to try to identify incidents and report them as quickly as possible. This is an example of what's known as a Rocket Based Combined Cycle engine (RBCC), sometimes also referred to as Ducted Rockets or Air Augmented Rockets or Ejector Ramjets. It's essentially the chemical analogue of a jet engine, using the thrust of a small rocket for compression instead of fan blades. While like a ramjet it doesn't have any moving parts in the airflow, the rocket engine lets it produce static thrust, so it can potentially take off from the ground. The pressure rise from the rocket exhaust can be much higher than what a mechanical system of the same weight could produce. The exhaust of the fuel rich rocket engine can be combusted further downstream with the entrained air, acting like an afterburner. The hot exhaust mixes with and heats the incoming air very quickly which is important at high speeds where the air has a short residency time in the engine. At higher altitudes where there isn't enough air to support combustion, the duct acts as a large and thus high-efficiency nozzle for the rocket engine. While not necessarily the best propulsion method at any one stage of the flight, RBCCs are unique in that they beat rocket performance at every point from ground to orbit. That all being said, RBCCs have some limitations. The ducts add significant weight and make the rocket more aerodynamically complex. For single stage to orbit orbit, most trajectories spend little time in the range where RBCCs provide their greatest advantage. For two stage to orbit, a Turbine Based Combined Cycle (TBCC) engine outperforms the RBCC for the first stage and the weight can't be justified over that of a pure rocket for the second stage. Finally with the advent of propulsive landing, the value of an airplane-like shuttle with a heavy structure has been called into question. While interesting and promising, it's hardly a new technology, it's been in development for decades. The Soviets were likely the first to seriously explore the concept in the form of their GNOM ICBM which reduced the size sufficiently for the ICBM to be transported easily on land[0], using Nasa explored an RBCC powered SSTO shuttle in the early 90s known as GTX[1]. Solid Propellant RBCCs have seen wide use in recent years for the latest generation of air-to-air missiles from several countries. [0] http://www.astronautix.com/g/gnom.html [1] https://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/199900... People are polarized because they don't like being not polarized isn't really a theory, it's a tautology. "Increasing rapidly by a large amount" is reasonable usage. does the sentence "Disasters would be magnified increasing rapidly by a large amount" make sense though? With a little word shuffling you can get something that at least comes out as coherent, but can you make it convey an idea more complex or more clearly than "disasters would be a lot worse"? Nuanced word selection can add clarity that would be difficult to achieve with more basic vocabulary, but too often people use wordgasms to confuddle the person they are trying to communicate with and make an otherwise vacuous statement appear more legitimate. Russia is on the verge of a demographic collapse as the generation born after the fall of the soviet union comes of age. Their military which relies on huge manpower reserves will have a much smaller pool to draw upon, domestic consumption of consumer goods will shrink, and the costs of public welfare for the elderly is going to grow significantly relative to tax revenues. This demographic shift has already started, and its full effects will be felt this decade. Russia needs to make a lot of unreasonably bold plays right now while it still can if it is to secure its position in the coming years. Oil sales and advanced military technologies are not going to be super useful in the long run, but they reduce Russia's reliance on its large population which is the more imminent threat. It's generally unsafe to assume counter-intuitive moves are irrational.