I call fake. See http://pastebin.com/64PAAV1c Same data, one month old. Millions of machines about to loose MS support. Millions of machines unable to run windows 7/8/9. Millions of people suddenly very interested in linux. MS isn't worried that people won't upgrade. They are worried that they will. Also, this may have to do with the Target malware as the afflicted POS machines appear to be running XP. lol, I meant to say that they will be installing linux on the old XP machines, without buying new hardware. There are plenty of tiny distros that could keep those XP machines running safely for many years. An invasion scenario came up far more recently, during the Quebec referendum: 1.Quebec separates from Canada. 2.Northing Quebec (Native) separates from south (French) 3.Protesters interrupt power lines through northern Quebec. 4.New York City goes dark. 5.US Paratroopers land in northern Quebec to restore NY power. Why? Because students today are focused on "doing well". That means getting good grades. Look at your tests, be them locally-created or standardized. How are they graded? Do students get good grades for debate or mechanically computing the right answer? Who? An American culture that constantly enforces a science v. arts dichotomy. I say American because in no other country is this split enshrined in language: Metric units for the scientists and English for everyone else. I say American because few other countries produce so many millionaires with zero science education. Look at your student's role models. Athletes. Celebs. Seth McFarlin. Politicians. Donald Trump. The American system does not reward scientific creativity in the same way it does social aptitude. Change would be painful, so painful that it cannot happen for a generation or two Just try suggesting highway signs be changed from mph to kph. And that's easy part. Canada uses the same scheme. It isn't incorrect, just different. A "supreme" court is one of general jurisdiction and are the highest court to which an issue may be brought (as opposed to appellate courts which do not hear issues directly). They are supreme over courts of limited jurisdiction such as family or probate courts. The US Supreme Court (federal) actually uses the same name scheme as New York and Canada. All district and appellate are limited geographically, with the supreme court being the only court of general jurisdiction (Amongst the fed. All US fed courts are technically limited). But some actions can still be brought directly to the SCOTUS such as disputes between states over land. So it is not purely an appellate court, hence the term supreme. Blink and you've missed it. Everyone has to go down eventually. 99.999999% up still means some down. Not stealth. Far to many flat 90/45* surfaces and corners. Nobody with any understanding of radar was involved in the design of that thing. Not supercavitating. Supercavitation is based on cavitation, not sucking down air from the surface. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercavitation . And the amount of energy needed to create a supercavitation void around those hulls ... The Shkval is essentially an underwater rocket and it still uses exhaust gases to top up the bubble in which it flies (see the little holes near the nose) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VA-111_Shkval . Not a hydrofoil. No foils. It looks to be a SWATH hull (Small Waterplane Area Twin Hull) another great Canadian invention. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small-waterplane-area_twin_hull Who did this guy know at Businessweek to get this sales pitched turned into an "article"? Ya, but that ship was an actual hydrofoil. The foils act like wings to generate lift from movement. The thing in the OP uses movable pontoons, buoyancy, to haul itself up regardless of speed. Note also that real hydrofoils angle their foils in parallel to the hull. It's essentially a dihedral effect like that of an airplane. As the ship lists one way, the foil on the downward side pushes more directly upwards, righting the ship. The 'foils' on the OP are mounted in the opposite manner, generating opposite effect. If they generated any actual lift the ship would flip instantly. Which was based on the real Sea Shadow. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_Shadow_%28IX-529%29 They're pontoons on movable outriggers. Novel, but useless. An air envelope would certainly reduce friction but would basically kill buoyancy. Big metal tubes don't float in air. So without any real foils/wings to generate lift, even if a bubble could be formed, the pontoon would literally fall to the bottom of the bubble. Supercavitating hulls (ie the ShVal torpedo) suspend themselves within a bubble via their noses. They are moving so fast that the nose, the only spot where the torpedo touches the water, provides enough lift to keep the thing in the bubble. But you need rocket-like accelerations to keep this going. From their patent "whereby to provide propeller generated super-cavitated water flowing from the propellers and thence along an outer surface of said vehicle;" WTF? There is no such thing as super-cavitated water. Cavitation presupposes a CAVITY, a void ... something other than water. Maybe water with bubbles? Prop wash? http://www.google.com/patents/US20120097086 There is no general air defence these days. There are point installations protecting military targets, on military land, but there aren't batteries of missiles to defend large cities. If needed they launch intercept aircraft. (imho those military point defence installations are turned off most all of the time. See below.) Recently in Vancouver we hosted the woman's world cup. Joe Biden was in town. And so was this ( http://i.imgur.com/pvxYN49.jpg ). That's the USS Stockdale entering Vancouver port to provide him cover. It left port the day after he left town. All very quiet. Local news didn't speak of this big thing coming in unescorted. I only noticed after one of our boats went screaming by the dog beach ( http://i.imgur.com/G7lY9s4.jpg ) about half an hour before. It was probably leaving to make room at the dock. When the Stockdale left it was followed by a tug and a rib from the local cops... they probably learned about it at the same time I did. Stockdale's itinerary listing it docking in North Vancouver. http://www.uscarriers.net/ddg106history.htm The lack of air defence is probably a good thing. The error rate, the risk of shooting down something by accident, would be unacceptable. Agreed that there is less of a death by nuclear war. But today there is a far greater chance of being shot by a an armed squad of uniformed men driving armoured vehicles. It's really apples and oranges, but people still die at the hands of violence today as they did in the past. It might also be based on very practical things. The prez/vice always have a quick exit plan. The stockdale has a pair of helos that could have picked him up from anywhere in the city. That might mean they didn't have to lay on as many ground assets. Where is Saudi Arabia in this story? When I was there in the 90s I saw maps of time zones that listed Saudi Arabia as still using solar time. That was long after the official switch in the 60s. I understood the official "solar time" line as a nod to religion. Nobody was setting watches every sunset but the calls to prayer certainly moved with the sun. So the ubertooth isn't legal anymore? Doesn't locking down wifi radios basically outlaw software-defined radio (SDR)? How can SDR exist without infinite control over "modulation types"? I'm not sure that it is possible to truly lock down a radio to a particular modulation type. Transmitters aren't magic. They cannot be DRMed. They don't even run software. Send them the voltage and they send the signal. One cannot discuss long-term copyright without mentioning the mickey mouse graph. https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20090811/0123105835.shtml Copyrights have been extended so many time that the legal system has forgotten how to deal with expiration. The concept of profitable works "falling" into public domain is strangely foreign to most IP lawyers. The problem with Echalon-type programs today is cultural. They were/are intelligence operations. But today "intelligence" has grown to encompass criminal investigations and targeted, violent, operations such as drone strikes. An intelligence operation does not need to be 100% accurate. Huge volumes of less-than-perfect data are examined by experts who then issue reports, opinions, on what is actually happening. The top report would be the sort of things included in a president's daily briefing. That was basic cold-war intelligence. Today's leaders expect surveillance to be absolute. They don't want "and increased likelihood of attack", they want "Mr. Smith will be onboard flight 123 at 2pm". That's the level you need to send a bunch of cops to lawfully and publicly arrest a specific person and take them to a court for prosecution. Such things require very different methods, methods for which ECHALON was never designed. I agree that they are overplayed for effect, but there is some math. I saw Kissinger explain it when asked about nukes killed the whole world ten times over. The math started with WWII Germany. They kept reasonably reliable records of where and when people died during allied air raids. So someone drew up a formula linking the tonnage of bombs dropped with the number of dead on the ground. This was then extended to nukes and their power measured in thousands (kilo) and millions (mega) of tons of TNT. So bombs with explosive power greater than all of WWII (a common description) could "kill" as many people as an entire war. Kissinger was correct in saying that all the bombs in the world would not, could not, destroy everyone ten or twenty times over. This false analogy was also part of debates during Vietnam. Many, on both sided of every argument, used the math to estimate the number killed by US bombing raids, ignoring the fact that German cities and Vietnam jungle are in no way analogous. The rule in the US is "It is income unless it isn't." Everything you receive from everyone is taxable income unless you can find a specific tax code saying that it isn't. Lottery winnings are taxable unless a section exempts them. Non-monitary prizes or awards from competitions are taxable. As with most tax law, this is necessary to prevent widespread avoidance. Nobody would pay any taxes if only money income was taxed. We'd revert to a barter economy wherever possible, defeating the purpose of taxation. (ir employer pays employees with physical good via a company store.) If all competition winnings were exempt, employers might pay people in gambling tokens simply to avoid them having to pay taxes. I'd rather presume that most of these contests are actually other bots designed to generate buzz to promote events or, more likely, harvest market research data. I have no sympathy for such devices and have no problem watching robots fight over cowboy hats. It seems to me that the intelligence communicate uses lie detectors less as tests for nefarious activities and more as personality tests. Let's assume that lie detectors actually work. To "pass" such a test you have to be reasonably certain about your answers. Have you ever passed information to the enemy: Yes/No? Is everything in your application truthful? Only some people can be completely secure about there answers. The more knowledge and experience a person has in an area, the more the likelihood that they cannot give that yes/no answer. So what they get is a bunch of young, mostly male, kids who are not the type to self examine. They are sure that they are correct, that they have done no wrong. That infeed might explain much of the direction that the community has taken in recent years. Yes. I'd stake that the majority of retweets today are in fact bots. See below... "OK. 1 more chance. If no one RTs, replies, or even talks about this tweet, I will donate £15,000 to a charity of your choice. Any questions?" --> 369 retweets, most by suspected bots. https://twitter.com/rickygervais/status/324632844829876224 Funny. Some brits look up to the Chinese system to educate their kids, but come time for university and every single Chinese parent would rather their kid go the oxbridge route than any chinese school. Perhaps this article should be more explicit in that it involves comparison between CHinese practices and those of a subset of British schools. I went to a british-style boys school, a rugby school. It was nothing like the one in this article. We did plenty of memorization. We paid attention and worked hard for many hours beyond what is expected of the kids in this article. By grade 12 I had actually read all the major Shakespeares, read them well enough to have opinions and write papers. (First year university was a total walk in comparison.) The brits need not go to china for inspiration. The accents in north america are split east-west, not north-south. I'm from Vancouver but whenever I am in the eastern US they think I'm from california because I don't sound have the ontario/maritime accent they recognize as "canadian". "aboot" doesn’t exist in the west. Never has. I'm not sure that a linguist would paint all of canada with one brush. Any linguist worth being called such should at least recognize a couple english-french divides. I've been told that my accent isn't so much a sound, but a mode of speech. You can spot the Canadians in LA because they are the ones using complete sentences. There is a certain neutrality to the western-canadian accent, much like that of Minnesota. Take the word Going or anything else ending with ing. In much of the US it is pronounced "goin", dropping the g. In the UK it has become "going-g" ... they add an extra g sound. Right in the middle are the canadians and minnesotans who pronounce the word as written. Canadians, watch this vid to see the similarity with minnesota: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-BCxjYoOl0 (I know this guy) Not bills. Loonies are dollar coins with a loon on the back. "Twonies" are the two-dollar coins with a polar bear. Canada traditionally uses animal imagery on money, a sort of reconciliation gesture given the french-english-native splits in the country. Animals were common ground. Fyi, the band Nickelback was Canadian. The non-wikipedia joke behind that name is the animal on the back of the canadian nickel. All welland good, but will this come in time to swing Texas in the next election? A great case, but I think it's beyond weatherproof and into the realm of waterproof or immersible. A weatherproof enclosure need not be sealed to such an extent. And there is an upside to not sealing. If you plan that water will somehow get in, say by including a drain hole on the 'down' side, then the inevitable crack or other slow leak won't result in catastrophic flooding. Why the assumption that an index must represent a market? Wikipedia def: "An index fund (also index tracker) is an investment fund ... that aims to replicate the movements of an index of a specific financial market, or a set of rules of ownership that are held constant, regardless of market conditions." The OP only discusses the former, not the later. I see the point that an indexed fund tied to a specific market, the narrower the better, may bring antitrust rules into play. But the later concept, that a indexed fund is simply a fund with fixed buy rules, need not get anywhere close to antitrust. They need not have a presence across any "market" as conceived by antitrust. How about an indexed fund with the rule: Own equal numbers of share from all publicly-traded social media firms, except facebook. Such an indexed fund might find lots of investors without getting anywhere close to antitrust. I think the very term "indexed fund" is an artifact. Indexed funds need not be tied to an index. They can still be "passive investing" without the index. "Antitrust" is a similar linguistic artifact as you can violate antitrust rules without any mention of trusts, I think it is far more complicated than that. Google cares about the ease of deploying fiber. That touches on who owned the poles, the layout of land ownership and a hundred other things not necessarily tied to regulatory burdens. There are times when too little regulation can frustrate such deployments. For instance, if all the poles are owned by traditional ISPs and there is no regulation mandating they grant access, Google is locked out. Ditto for apartment buildings without any law mandating they allow new ISPs to string wired inside "their" walls. Ease of doing or setting up a business is not always proportional to the number of laws on the books. If it were, there would be no need for antitrust rules. (My original comment was a take on the assumption that there is a tide of hipsters chasing Google fibre around the country.) Toronto? Not Trono? Ick, a third overlapping term. I would call purely quant funds a form of indexed funds in that they follow a specific set of rules. Those rules are whatever procedure, computer program, or other non-human algorithm is used to pick investments. Whether or not a quant fund is passive investment is semantics imho. I wouldn't call spending hours/days/weeks examining a quant funds system a passive activity. And investors can move in and out of funds quickly these days. On the other hand many see passivity wherever investors or fund managers put buy/sell decisions in the hands of non-humans. I wouldn’t use the phase "attempt to build the bomb". I wouldn't even call this an effort. I would label this as discussion or thought experiments. Drawing up a few blueprints for a centrifuge is no more an attempt to build a bomb than Project Daeidalus was an "attempt" to travel to another star. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Daedalus . The amount of effort necessary to build bombs during the 40s was ridiculous. Japan didn't have the industrial power. And I mean literal power as the manhatten project's Oak Ridge facility used something like 1/8th of US electricity at the time. "Electric energy consumption, courtesy of the TVA, was 20 percent higher than that of New York City. Oak Ridge used one-seventh of all the electricity produced in the United States" http://www.u-s-history.com/pages/h1652.html (not the best source, but reasonable given the context.) I'm all for discussion of ALL history but to bring forward claims that Japan was trying to build a bomb so close to the anniversary of its use against Japan smacks of guilt-motivated justification. Japan's "bomb" program was of absolutely no threat to allied forces and therefore should not be part of any debate over the use of nuclear weapons against Japan. If anything, a Japanese bomb program would have sucked up resources from other war efforts. More accurate headline: "SEC Adopts CEO Pay Ratio Rule, Five Years After It Became Law" "Today's vote comes five years after Congress approved the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which includes the pay ratio rule. The vote also comes nearly two years after the SEC formally proposed the requirement." http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/08/05/429628037/... (1) Research centrifuges for separating isotopes and a plant capable of creating enough for a bomb are different beasts. The former gives you the knowledge to understand the scope of the later. (2) I don't attack only the article itself, but also its timing in relation to the anniversary. Americans are questioning the actions of their fathers and grandfathers re Japan and WWII. Any opinionated or politicized articles appearing now must be judged in that context. (3) The article ends with the quote "If we'd built the bomb first, of course we would have used it. I'm glad, in some ways, that our facilities were destroyed." That quote is meant to leave the reader with the concept that Japan would have done the same as the US had the situation been reversed. Even more so, it suggests that at least one person in Japan welcomed the bombings. Those are justification arguments that, given the enormity of the context and timing, should be strictly scrutinized. I read somewhere that after being captured by the allies some german physicists were recorded speaking in disbelief about the bomb. They were under the impression that any bomb would have needed many many times as much enriched uranium (think tons) resulting in weapons too big for aircraft. That was an indication they hadn't done much criticality research with enriched material. I would argue that plutonium breeding is only obvious after you have performed some criticality experiments with an appreciable-sized block of enriched uranium. This was new physics at the time, without computer simulations. Bomb theory, critical mass, could only be understood after you get your hands on some enriched uranium. Yes. Any new articles at this time, particularly ones brining forward new or rarely-seen evidence should be put under a magnifying glass. The use of nukes by the US against japan is a backdrop against which all US military decisions are made today. Not all, only where authors so openly insert modern political views into historical situations. If this were a more detached examination of the Japanese bomb program then I probably would welcome the new information. >History and science would all grind to a halt if the first thing people would do to every article and paper is to check for political leanings. Yes. Given the scope of what's available today re WWII, everything beyond primary sources should be investigated. Nothing should be taken as fact simply because it is written down. If you start accepting facts simply because they are in some online article, you are down the road to the belief that lizard people run the world. Every author's background and political goals are relevant where they inject opinion atop original research. Benefits are all well and good, I'd just prefer the large tech employers work to employ more people rather than provide more to those that already have jobs. When these people are out on mat leave are they to be replaced by perma-temps on zero-hour contracts? There is also something to be said for pay over benefits. Pay is of equal value to all employees. Benefits like leave and 401ks are only valuable to some and can, if dominant over pay, lead to employers having undue influence over the lives of employees. I would add that the "Secret law" also encompasses the private deals struck between various organizations that have the full force and effect of law. For instance, I am often asked about the standards for DMCA takedowns and monitoring of content. I cannot turn to laws and cases. I have to glean information from patterns of activity. Youtube does X, and the MPAA aren't screaming mad about Youtube these days, so perhaps we also need to do X. Or, megaupload was doing X Y and Z. But a dozen other website were doing X and Y without a peep from US authorities. So I guess Z is the touchstone even though Z isn't mentioned anywhere in any law or case and wasn't even around when the laws were written. Perhaps attendees there as spies now outnumber actual enthusiasts. Perhaps they can now spy on each other and leave the rest of us alone. My advice goes one step further: Don't do user generated content without an ejection plan, a means to extract all the money and shut the doors instantly should you catch the eye of the mpaa or their ilk. Really? Is the need to get out and hook up the hose yourself really what's holding back electric cars? There is certainly a cool factor with this thing, but think about how it will work at a real fuel/charging station. The driver will only ever see it in a mirror. And it looks like the range of motion is very limited, requiring the plug to be within a 30x30cm box. A later model will probably have a greater range of motion but I cannot see that be any less cumbersome. Give me a wire and a plug. But maybe Tesla has done some market research. Maybe their target market is old people for whom getting out of the car is a real struggle. Maybe they fear large electrical cables more than rubber ones filled with gasoline. Or maybe they so distrust attendants that they prefer a mechanical octopus fuel their precious car ... until it misses the mark and does some actual damage to the paint. So it will seek out and plug in without driver input? I guess that would only work if they are in everyone's garage. Isn't there a smartphone ap that can remind owners if they part at home without connecting? That's how we end up with inflatable bbqs. This really looks like a rich person's toy, of no practical use. Many people have talked over the years about self-driving cars dropping people off and heading home. That sounds great in terms of the number of parking spots, and might make sense in cities where parking costs more than rent, but I cannot see how doubling the number of trips can reduce traffic congestion. The far simpler solution would be to install simple (ie cheap) chargers at each parking spot. Fyi (and don't take this as legal advice) such separation is a really good idea in terms of PII/PCI compliance.