The first diagram in the first study you referenced [1] puts the observed rate of myocarditis among patients -without- COVID at 450 per 5 million (9 per 100k). That is much higher than the rate of myocarditis among the entire vaccinated Israeli [2] cohort (125 per 5 million) you mentioned. The issue is that you're not comparing apples to apples. The Israeli data is looking at the entire population that received the vaccine. The COVID study is only looking at hospitalized patients with/without COVID which is a subset of the entire population restricted entirely to those experiencing the most severe symptoms. This is not an easy problem to solve. A more apples to apples comparison [3] puts the COVID:vaccine myocarditis ratio at about 6:1, but it also suffers from a bias. In order to measure those rates they relied on the population that tested positive for COVID. This excludes the population of individuals which were infected with COVID but did not received a diagnosis who presumably also had a near 0 rate of myocarditis. This bias [presumably] becomes more pronounced at lower age groups where COVID displays milder symptoms making it less likely to end up diagnosed. Finally, there is also the consideration that while the vaccines have not yet changed - COVID has. And its likely that the omicron strain will have a different distribution of side effects. It's a difficult problem to solve, and conflicts of interest abound make it all even more challenging. [1] - https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/70/wr/mm7035e5.htm [2] - https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-021-02740-y [3] - https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.07.23.21260998v... It's even worse. You're only counting tuition there: https://admission.ucla.edu/tuition-aid/tuition-fees The current total cost for UCLA is $36,297 per year for California residents, $28,408 if you're living with relatives. That is for the 9 months per year fall/spring session, so summer school/housing/etc is not included. This is also only for your direct educational expenses. In that budget your "personal" expenditures are set at about $5/day which includes entertainment, recreation, clothing, etc. And perhaps the biggest problem of all is that it is intentionally made exceptionally easy to take out additional loans, generally just clicking an extra button while setting up your schedule/financing for the next semester. As most college age individuals (let alone those attending a decent university) expect they're going to be millionaires at some point, it is an exceptionally exploitative system feeding off widespread completely unrealistic life expectations. It's easy to rationalize how much nicer $xxxxx would make your life today, while how little value it will have tomorrow. But for most, tomorrow will never come. > Training on all the jQuery code won’t yet give you an AI that can write React. If AI genuinely took over coding then languages would become obsolete. The most basic turing complete language, probably some sort of RISC assembly, would be all that would ever be needed. But when will we get there? A decade ago it seemed like fully autonomous self driving vehicles were just around the corner. Now? Well that corner seems a lot further away than it did then, simply because the problems getting from 99% to 100% are proving quite resilient. Sigmoid curves look exponential on the way up... I don't think it's about the computing, but about the entire shift in worldview required to accept that what you perceive to be true isn't necessarily so. This is much more of an emotional issue than a logical or analytical one. It also naturally trends towards Betrand Russell's, "The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt." It's one thing to state you understand this and another altogether to live it. It's not pleasant. And I find many who even claim to have adopted this sort of worldview are instead just as cocksure of themselves, but instead of meeting other notions with rejection, they meet them with 'compassionate condescension.' When it becomes impossible to be able to reasonably comfortably speak against a consensus, that consensus loses any sort of meaning because it becomes impossible to determine whether it's being upheld by coercion or not. It also becomes completely impossible to carry out science in such an environment because such pressures invariably leak into e.g. universities, career opportunities, grants, and so on. So without being able to reasonably comfortably speak against a scientific consensus you end up with neither science nor a consensus. The data tables they provide information on exactly what the conditions were. The top several (which make up the wide majority overall) are: - Diabetes - Chronic lower respiratory diseases - Hypertensive diseases - Diseases of the urinary system - Ischaemic heart diseases - Symptoms signs and ill-defined conditions - Dementia and Alzheimer's disease - Heart failure and complications and ill-defined heart disease The "symptoms signs and ill-defined conditions" is described here [1]. Basically signs and symptoms of other issues but for which there was no diagnosis made or available. That was marked as one of the preexisting condition(s) for 17.4% of the 65+ years old cohort, and 1% of the 0-64 years old cohort. [1] - https://www.icd10data.com/ICD10CM/Codes/R00-R99 It seems to me that as we reach such levels of advancement that time will gradually start to lose meaning. Even if we continue to die on about a 100 year interval, the fact that during such interval one could experience millions of years of history will again really blur any meaning. It leads to lots of really interesting and fun sci-fi that somehow hasn't really been dug into sufficiently yet along the same lines as the Twin Paradox [1]. We send out a colonization ship traveling at some relatively fixed acceleration rate that (from the perspective of those on the ship) will arrive at their uninhabited destination millions of light years away in about 40 years. Then thousands of years later (from the perspective of those on the planet) we make a breakthrough enabling us to develop ships with several times the acceleration, and send another ship to the same destination. The first ship we sent out may arrive only to discover that the planet is at a late stage of development having been colonized by the second ship of humans tens of thousands of years ago. I mean imagine landing and the humans on a planet are no longer even "human" in the sense that you knew - technological and biological evolution alike leaving you as a relic from the past. Though even for those who do not travel. Imagine yourself being one of the people on said planet. From your perspective, such relics of ancient past arriving and departing, would also be a regular occurrence. The entire idea of time starts to get really strange. Also the above is not entirely just theoretical. For instance the exact same phenomena that bends time every which way, also causes particles in particle accelerators, traveling at relativistic rates relative to their observers, to decay much slower than they would otherwise - which is pretty neat and handy! [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_paradox How is it pretending? If we go back some time there might have been a parallel argument being made where one side was convinced that the solution to enable greater food stability and surplus was more farmers, and the other side was convinced that the solution was better technology. Neither side is really wrong, they just have different perspectives. Most problems can be solved in a practically infinite number of ways. Fear and logic can look the same from the outside when logic dictates caution. Do you "fear" fire? You understand it, and know what you can and cannot do with it. Yet your aversion to ever letting it exist outside of very tight controlled scenarios, and perhaps panic if you saw it spreading uncontrollably quickly, would look an awful lot like fear to somebody who didn't understand what fire was. I think the main difference is that fear is an emotional response. And this important because emotions can often misguide us are also easily exploited. For instance, racism is often a product of fear. People see some group of people engaging in crime at a higher rate than usual, and start to fear all people of this group as criminals even when that fear and prejudice is completely unjustified. And tyrants since time immemorial have used "fear the other group" as a rallying cry for self righteous horrible acts in the name of a better tomorrow that never comes. So in your examples is it primarily fear driving behaviors, or primarily logic/rationality? Here is the 'Paradox of Tolerance': >Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them.—In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be most unwise. >But we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument, but begin by denouncing all argument; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument, because it is deceptive, and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols. >We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant. We should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal, in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder, or to kidnapping, or to the revival of the slave trade, as criminal. The one thing one may claim is that it is not immediately clear is what he means by intolerance or intolerant groups, yet he leaves little ambiguity in the second section above. I think there would by hypocrisy if you had the same people who supported censorship in the past now opposing it, though even then it begs the question of whether that is hypocrisy or simply an evolution of views. But as for parties, in the US there are, for all intents and purposes, only two parties. And as the views of society change, these parties change out of necessity. To give another example, as recently as 2004 [1] the majority of those within the "US left" to use your phrasing, opposed gay marriage, and as recently as 2012 leading "US left" politicians were publicly opposed to it. Then in a remarkably brief period of time LGBT rights (including marriage) become a fundamental cornerstone of the party's political identity. It's not really hypocrisy so much as the fact that in order to maintain electoral dominance, the parties need to adopt to society. They (the parties) can then do the mental gymnastics to rationalize on their platforms how big war and surveillance is small government, or how censorship is liberal, afterwards. And this isn't just a contemporary phenomena. Sometime from the mid 19th to early 20th century the parties swapped their positions on nearly everything. And this was entirely organic - it's not like the groups just made an official decision to nameswap. I could illustrate this with details, but it's much easier to just use an example. Abraham Lincoln was a republican, and every single confederate state was democrat. The transition from democrats becoming republicans and vice versa is something you can find plentiful hits online for if you're interested in more details. [1] - https://news.gallup.com/poll/350486/record-high-support-same... It's definitely not just the publishers. I think rackets like this work so effectively because bellies get buttered all the way down. At one class at my university (an early chem class) the author of the book was also the professor of the course. And each year it was a new version which didn't do a whole lot more than fix some typos, introduce some new ones to be fixed next year, and change (probably automatically through software) the problem sets. Then you'd be forced to buy new copies at full price from the campus book store. And at the end they'd then buy them back for you for a few dimes on the dollar so long as they were in "like-new" condition. And while I don't know what they did with them then I expect at that point they were sold to other universities at a discount for them to start the racket all over again with a set of now "like-new" text books. Really nobody has any motivation whatsoever to change the system besides the student. Though even there most students seemed frustrated but simultaneously pretty apathetic. Everybody of course realized it was a racket, but didn't really care to make too much of a fuss over it since endless loans and the like all make it feel somehow like the money involved is not really real. And, after all, in a decade or two we'd all be millionaires. It seems to me that chess rather exposes a common fallacy in games now a days. So many games in an effort to create "deep" systems somewhat intuitively turn to creating convoluted and complex systems of rules. But the problem is in so many cases once you understand the rules in play, it reveals the game itself to be little more than a deeply obfuscated roshambo. By contrast with chess you can learn every single rule in about 5 minutes, and then spend the remaining 80 years of your life exploring their depths. Complex != deep, simple != shallow. For some more chess candy, here [1] is a video of Magnus Carlsen, current world champion (and arguably the strongest player of all time), playing a bunch of exceptionally strong players in a 2.5 hour blitz (3 minutes for each side) session while also giving some exceptionally insightful commentary. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjv1-14-SuU That's not even the half of it. It's not only building a record of who came in and out, but what they did, where they went, what or who they "engaged" with in the house, and arbitrarily more granular information. And the person visiting your house, on average, has no clue any of this is happening. I can speak from the chess world, as a coach. I used to believe there was really no such thing as talent largely based on my own experience as I started relatively late, don't consider myself talented, and reached a reasonably high level at the game. I kind of still do think there's no such thing as talent, but that comes with a bunch of asterisks. If you take two people and expose them to normal training regimens, different people will have different results - and frequently extremely different results. One could argue that the person who performed worse might have performed better if given exposure to a different regimen but in practice I find those that tend to overperform in one regimen tend to overperform in other regimens as well. The catch is that the outcome is largely predicted by how the student responds to the training itself. The person who finds it interesting and enjoyable is going to dramatically outperform compared to the person who may be highly motivated by an outcome (wanting to become a good player) but doesn't especially enjoy the process - tactical training, game analysis, etc. And so talent may not just be some innate ability at something but rather an innate preference, which is going to be the product of a million other things, for enjoying certain things. An amusing anecdote in the chess world came from retired World Champion Vladimir Kramnik. He recently casually remarked that now that he's retired he's spending less than 50% of his time with chess, as if as if he was just kicking back and neglecting the game by only dedicating 40% of his life to it. Obviously there are some genetic factors like the ability to visualize/concentrate/etc that people usually think they are talking about when referring to talent. But the role those play will only start to matter when people reach some level at least vaguely approaching their potential, but they'll never get anywhere near that level without the thousands of hours of work and training that they'll likely never complete without a love of that work itself. This is probably just a really long-winded way of repeating Thomas Edison, "Genius is 1% inspiration, 99% perspiration." The only catch is whether you have the capacity to put out that 99% perspiration. The Flynn effect has been observed to have reversed in a number of nations in Scandinavia and elsewhere. [1] Scandinavia is the typical test bed because of have compulsory military enlistment paired with IQ testing. And the declines are quite substantial with Norway seeing a 5 point decline between individuals born in 1991 compared to those born in 1975, and a 3 point decline compared to those born in 1962. Big meta studies may miss this because its a relatively new trend, and IQ is full of a million biases that can just generate noise when combined. When people are young, their IQ is significantly influenced by environmental factors, but as they age genetic factors become dominant. And in countries without some form of compulsory testing, sample biases abounds. As for the past gains, look at height! Height is reasonable proxy for nutrition and globally it's just skyrocketed [2]. Japan is one of the more extreme examples, with their average height increasing by about half a foot since 1896! [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flynn_effect#Possible_end_of_p... [2] - https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/average-height-of-men?tab... Imagine this [1] scene playing out during one of the various protest come riot movements in the US over the past years. That is John McCain giving a speech to the protesters in the capitol of Ukraine, telling them that America is with them and that Europe will make Ukraine better. And to be clear he was doing this while the democratically elected [pro-Russian] president was still securely in office and would be for months to come. I feel like we largely lack any perspective because so many of things that are happening are something so completely foreign to us that it's difficult to even realistically imagine it. Imagine if Russia formed a 'defensive' military alliance whose primary mission was to contain the US. And they then gave speeches, such as McCain's, in Mexico City shortly before a pro-US Mexican government was overthrown by an insurrection and replaced with a pro-Russian one. And then they now moved to integrate the new Mexico into their military alliance which would undoubtedly result in 'defensive' weapons, arms, soldiers, etc being placed right along the US border - possibly to the point of imperiling our credible nuclear deterrent. I would certainly agree that Ukraine is not just a US pawn and wants to decide it's own fate, and deserves that. But there's also no doubt that it's political present and future is instead repeatedly decided by outside actors. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93eyhO8VTdg I decided to run a binomial on it, because these sort of things can be quite counter-intuitive, and I was also curious! My only assumption was a lifetime of 80 years. And it turns out the magic rate to get a 40% criminal injury expectation (over a lifetime of 80 years) is if you're in an area with a violent crime rate of at least 6.4 crimes per 1000 people per year. The FBI gives [1] a national violent crime rate (in 2019) of 366.7 per 100,000, so 3.7 per 1000. However, in the 90s the violent crime rate peaked at 7.6 per 1000 [2] and wouldn't fall below 6.4 until 1996. So the conclusion is that his numbers seem pretty much spot on. Of course it's also somewhat misleading in another way though. Violent crime is not normally distributed and influenced heavily by demographics and location. Detroit has an aggravated assault rate (which is just one component of the criminal injury rate) of 15.2 per 1000 people, while Irvine, California has a rate of 0.2 per 1000 people. It's one of the many cases where the average doesn't really tell you anything at all about your own chances for an outcome. [1] - https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2019/crime-in-the-u.s.-... [2] - https://www.statista.com/statistics/191219/reported-violent-... If somebody resorts to the lowest common denominator, they become the lowest common denominator. You're starting at a local max as a baseline and then comparing after what happened from the sanctions of 2014 (after Crimea) paired with very low oil prices followed by the coronapocalypse when their economy was starting to kick back into gear. This [1] page shows the yearly drops more clearly. But I think most importantly is that as the US (and increasingly everywhere in the world) emphasizes, GDP/capita often is a poor measurement of how the people themselves are doing. Here [2] is a graph of the change in real wages [2]. That is better than most places in the EU and is continuing upward in spite of ever more sanctions. The big question is what impact the current wave of sanctions will have. And how that will jive with what may be persistently very high oil prices. [1] - https://tradingeconomics.com/russia/gdp [2] - https://tradingeconomics.com/russia/wages While I agree it's amazing and inspiring, I'd also emphasize that we have pictures [1] and even sounds [2] from the surface of Venus and it's 91 atmospheres of surface pressure alongside 900F degree surface temperature. Those are from 40+ years ago. 20 years before that, we'd never sent a single object into space. And so if you asked people from that time first consuming that media what they imagine the world (in terms of space) would look like 40 years later, us looking at somewhat higher resolution pictures from Mars would sound skeptical to the point of absurdity. [1] - https://www.planetary.org/articles/every-picture-from-venus-... [2] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jZDW53U8qQ As a fun factoid this is one of the few things that was intentionally fudged in "The Martian." Andy Weir was well aware that the most brutal sandstorm on Mars would feel like a slight breeze, but felt it was one of the more interesting ways to create a catastrophe. That in itself is really phenomenally encouraging for the future developments on the planet - when one of the things a hard sci-fi book has to resort to fiction on is the trigger for catastrophe! Look to the history of the world. Nearly every single awful tragedy in our world has been motivated by (from the perspective of the person doing such actions) good intentions. The grand utopia said villains had in mind when carrying out their misdeeds never came to pass, but the horrible actions done in the name of it most certainly did. You cannot predict the future; your actions will often have consequences far outside that which you intend. And there's an extremely good chance that what you intend to happen will never happen anyhow! This ultimately makes Machiavellianism somewhat of a non-starter. The ends cannot logically justify the means when you cannot even truly know what the ends ever will be. All you can be certain of is that we will experience the "means." Make the world as you would have others make it for you. The other choice is a siege. See the Siege of Sarajevo [1]. A dramatically numerically inferior force (by 5:1) laid siege to a numerically superior, but poorly equipped, force that was intermittently supported by the UN/NATO. It lasted just under 4 years, and ended in a stalemate and some absolute horror stories from survivors. And of course if a city under siege cannot get sufficient resources in and is not self sufficient (let alone while under siege), then a siege can end a conflict extremely quickly. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siege_of_Sarajevo I seriously hope I am straw manning you, but I don't think I am? Are you implying that invading countries and the consequent devastation of their population is something we should accept or tolerate because they don't have the "right" political system? The same political system where we are supposed to be able to oppose these wars and decide our own future, yet remain powerless to do in spite of largely overwhelming support against them? In Iraq estimates for the total (and now severely dated) deathtoll [1] range from "just" hundreds of thousands to over a million. That's in a country that had a population of 25 million just before the war (2002). So the higher end of that measurement sees us having killed, or been otherwise responsible, for more the deaths of more than 4% of the population. Beyond the barbaric and reckless brutality of it all, it also amounts to less than nothing. Democracy doesn't work in countries where people are polarized. In Iraq you have three mostly incompatible groups if Shia, Sunni, and Kurds. And large chunks of each group would be perfectly happy to see the others wiped off the face of this Earth. In this case democracy degenerates into an unstable tyranny of the majority. A problem we're likely to see if divisions within the country continue going in the current direction. So in our brave new Iraq, the past 4 years have seen endless political assassination, insurrections, and the government killing hundreds of protesters against it all. Since the formation of the new Iraq style of government in 2004, only 2 of 6 prime ministers have managed to complete a single term. And one of the two guys that completed a single term was forced out by an insurrection shortly after the start of his second term. The vast majority of Iraqis felt they were better off under Saddam. But hey, wrong political system - right? And Iraq looks like a utopia compared to most of the other countries we "democratized." [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casualties_of_the_Iraq_War Before ratifying the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty in 2000, Russia and formerly the USSR carried out a total of 715 nuclear tests. Since 2000 the US has regularly made allegations that Russia has been secretly carrying out various low yield nuclear tests. This was part of the justification stated for our pulling out of the intermedia rate nuclear forces treaty. They have also been developing novel nuclear weapons such as the Poseidon torpedo system [1] the creates artificial radioactive tsunamis through targeted underwater nuclear detonations. There was also a report from the Congressional Research Service about Russian arms exports and development from October 2021 [2]. It's filled with lots of interesting data, but a couple of interesting points: Russia is the world's second largest arm's exporter, behind only the US, accounting for 20% of all sales. Russia was also the driving force behind the modernization of the Chinese military. The only downside mentioned is that, "Despite producing modern and technologically advanced systems, Russia’s defense industry has numerous challenges, such as inefficiency, low production capacity, lack of a modern machinery base, limited innovation, and efforts to diversify into civilian and dual-use technologies." We're currently in the middle of a ongoing information war. Take everything you read, from any source, about current events with a grain of salt. Remember how different Iraq looked before, during, and then long after the war. Ironically, slightly dated sources can provide the most relevant information. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Status-6_Oceanic_Multipurpose_... [2] - https://crsreports.congress.gov/product/pdf/R/R46937 This is getting really stupid. Anytime there is some major event we always work to try to ensure that people appreciate there is a difference between the people of a country and the bad actors of a country - even when those bad actors are the government. But now because it's our favorite geopolitical enemy, everything goes out the window. Imagine if the victims of our wars (or their partners) were more influential and were able to effectively spread global messages of arbitrary hate and intolerance against people simply for being American. And not mob mentality from extremists and radicals already predispositioned to hate, but orchestrated top-down hatred and intolerance from the "liberal" world order. This is not going to spark some amazing revolution of frustrated chess players, disabled athletes, and cat show enthusiasts. The only thing this sort of stuff is doing is driving more hatred and division, and helping us inch that much closer to WW3. Putin invading Ukraine was a terrible decision; many Russians of all walks of lives oppose it. Yet they're at least as helpless to ever change any of it than we are to end our never-ending wars in the Mideast since we, at least in theory, could stop voting for warmongers. I would also add that Grischuk was under no obligation to say anything that he did. He was even rudely cut off by the 'host' at one point. And he even mentioned that in his phrasing he was going to avoid using the war since it's illegal in the media, and he wants them to be able to quote him. If there was ever a man you want with a voice and face in the media at a time like now, it would be somebody like Grischuk. This is somebody that, especially in times like now, that should be elevated. Instead he's going to be effectively depersoned on the international stage and effectively silenced, seemingly like every single Russian regardless of their wrongthink or lack thereof. What a world we're creating. Grischuk is a special personality who most of any chess enthusiast will know. This is like banning a Michael Jordan style personality - charismatic, charming, and a world class player on top. And he does this all in his own sort of unique deadpan style package. His demeanor and comments from the video in this thread are **EXTREMELY** out of character for him, emphasizing how much this is all clearly personally affecting him. This is an absolutely stupid decision, and an injustice. Two wrong don't make a right and two million wrongs most certainly don't. You obviously do not support what we are doing in a vacuum. We are trying to hurt and ruin the lives of people who had nothing to do with something (and some, as in this case, who were even actively outspoken against it) because of their nationality. We are becoming the worst of everything that the "liberal world order" is supposed to stand against. The reason you might be okay with this is because of Machiavellianism - a belief that carrying out large scale injustice might trigger chaos and even a revolution/coup/insurrection in Russia and eventually result in a nation that might be more aligned with our geopolitical interests. When you look at history the one thing you will find is that things rarely work out how you want them to, and more often than not the resultant end is often nothing like you desired. We successfully worked to overthrow the democratic, secular, and relatively benign and democratic government of Iran in 1953 and replaced them with an exceptionally unpopular puppet monarchy. Then in 1979 the Iranians had a genuine revolution of their own against our puppet monarch and installed their own government. This is where the current radical Islamic government came from that, for some reason, really doesn't like the West. Today we'd give anything to have the Iran of 1953, but that's a bridge long since turned to ash. And the other tales are endless as well. The point of this is that Machiavellianism relies on a claim that the ends justify the means. But even if one believes that, you can't really make that argument in good faith when you cannot realistically claim to have any idea of what the ends will be. All that one can be certain of is that we will live through the means. So we are turning into tyrants for what may very well be an even worse future for Russia and us alike. Interesting note there. One of the leaders of the early insurrection was Muqtada al-Sadr [1]. There's a lot that's happened in between including him going into exile in Iran, returning, the US droning his house when it was empty to send a message, and much more. But suffice to say the conclusion of this story is that he's now becoming the dominant political force in Iraq. This is particularly relevant today since I think given the chaos around the world, there's a real chance that his name will come to be much more well known. But the point of this is that unpopular occupation forces trying to impose their will never really works in anything even remotely like the long-run. The only times it can work is when a genuinely popular (and not artificially propped up) leader is able to find common ground with the "enemy". For instance one of the best decisions we made after WW2 was with the leader of Japan, Emperor Hirohito. We actively avoided not only attacking him, but did not try him for war crimes, and let him retain control of the country after the war. He chose to lead Japan in a different direction following their defeat, and everybody came out all the better for it. It's very likely that had we executed him, or installed a puppet, that Japan's relation with the west would be radically different today. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muqtada_al-Sadr This is rewriting history. The invasion was generally viewed as illegal [1] with the Secretary General (the head) of the UN stating literally as much at the time. And this was also before it became clear that the evidence we presented for the war was nothing but lies. The notion that 87 intelligence agencies (or whatever the number they gave at the time was) were all just filled with completely inept individuals who somehow couldn't tell the difference between mobile biological weapons labs and trucks used for filling up weather balloons defies belief. And that takes this to a whole different level as well. The idea that the 174 intelligence agencies intentionally "believed" what they knew were lies, because those lies could be used as justification with some measure of plausible deniability, seems a far more likely explanation. But that likely brings this was from the realm of an illegal war to crimes against humanity as you're looking at the deaths of hundreds of thousands based on intentional, malicious, lies. If another nation did anything even remotely comparable, those involved would undoubtedly find themselves at The Hague. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legality_of_the_Iraq_War [2] - https://thehill.com/policy/international/596693-biden-weighi... The more accurate headline would be "American mensa members suffer from more mental and physical disorders" because the data was taken exclusively from American Mensa Society members. I'm actually quite curious why they did this because this seems to be a somewhat obvious source of potentially severe bias. It implicitly assumes that the distribution of mensa members is representative/identical to the distribution of all people in the 98th percentile, and that seems unlikely to be true. I think any study that focuses on IQ essentially needs to use data from an area with global compulsory IQ tests. And there are places within Scandinavia that hit the mark there: compulsory military enlistment that comes with an IQ test creates a perfect test bed for data. Some interesting history on Pakistan there that has do with unforeseen consequences and why the ends never really do justify the means. The CIA gained some intel that Bin Laden was residing in Pakistan, and in the precise vicinity, but they wanted to be certain. They way they did this was by recruiting a local doctor [1] and splashing around a ton of money to start a fake vaccine campaign. It's unclear if they bothered using real vaccines or not, but the entire point of the program was a CIA DNA collection program. The CIA was bulk harvesting Pakistani DNA and cross referencing it against DNA from Bin Laden's sister Once it was confirmed that Bin Laden had children in the area, the program was scrapped, we invaded, he was killed, and everybody was left out to to dry. The doctor was imprisoned, charged with treason, and has since been in solitary with claims of torture for going on a decade now [2]. Local aid workers (who had no idea what they were involved in) were hunted down and killed, some districts banned vaccination drives, and Pakistanis have been extremely critical of any sort of vaccination effort since. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shakil_Afridi [2] - https://nationalinterest.org/blog/buzz/ten-years-what-became... When saying things like this, I think you should intuitively consider the corollary of your sentence. If people are using drugs to "escape from reality" presumably because have insufficient money to do nicer things, then the implication is that people who have lots of money would use drugs at a substantially lower rate. And so this is pretty easy to test. I did a quick search for 'marijuana use by rate by income' and the first paper that I came upon [1] showed there is indeed quite a strong correlation between substance use and socioeconomic status - in other words, the richer or more privileged individuals were (in terms of coming from wealthy family backgrounds), the more likely they were to use drugs. So unless there is some confounding variable that we may not be considering, it seems fairly easy to reject the hypothesis that people are using drugs because of a lack of money. [1] - https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3410945/ Here [1] is a list wars from 1500 to 1800. A year without a war was quite rare, and these were often conflicts between large developed powers, some lasting for centuries. This was true generally before that time period, and certainly true after it as well. And the wars kept getting deadlier as technology increased. During WW2, about 3% of the human species was killed using conventional weapons. But then in 1945 everything changed. Since we demonstrated the unwinnable situation that war against a nuclear power is, there have been exactly 0 unrestrained conflicts between nations with nuclear weapons. So this formula is not so simple. Nukes are a catastrophe waiting to happen, but they are also the reason we've lived in this bubble of relative safety that is the only reality most of us have ever known. The promises and formalities of nations (as an optimist might like to declare the UN the reason such wars ended) are nothing new. The UN is a direct descendent of the League of Nations that formed following WW1 with the goal of ending such war, and there were similar organizations prior to the League. Nothing worked, until nukes. Without nukes it seems likely that we would have almost certainly have long since seen WW3 and perhaps even more of its kin. One can only imagine what this would have translated to in terms of impact and our lives. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wars%3A_1500%E2%80%931... Can somebody double check some numbers here for me? Because something seems Twilight Zone levels of weird. This article states we use 18.12 million barrels per day, and produce 18.4 million per day. Of course some of that gets sent over to the strategic petrol reserves, but for the most part that is all being used or exported. That's 6.72 billion barrels per year. We have proven reserves (as of the end of 2020) of 38.2 billion barrels. [1] That gives us less than 6 years before we completely run through reserves. But it feels like this can't be true because it would have a huge impact on domestic producers, domestic oil prices (especially given the US' relationship with most oil producing nations), and much more. But this article didn't even bother mentioning this fact. So.... what am I missing? [1] - https://www.eia.gov/naturalgas/crudeoilreserves/ Why would you assume it would be obvious? Copernicus's heliocentric model was wrong in many ways: he assumed uninform speed, that the sun was the center of the universe, that orbits were circular, assumed the necessity of epicycles, and so on. His main victory was simply that from our perspective of complete knowledge we can now safely say he was less-wrong than the geocentric theories of the time; there's also the David vs Goliath narrative which is emotionally satisfying. If one wanted to cast doubt upon, if not "debunk", his idea from the science of the times, it would not have been difficult to do so (see: Tycho Brahe). And that was on an issue that was likely some orders of magnitude less complex than the one we may be facing today. The implication of that being that the "right" answer may initially seem to have more holes than swiss cheese. I think it's very safe to say that relativity, undoubtedly the monolith to which all scientists aspire, was an exception and not the rule in the march of discovery, in its reception/clarity. Confounding variables are a strong argument against this. Give me two sets of data that have no causal relationship, and it's very possible (if not likely) I will be able to demonstrate not only a causal relationship but also observational predictability through the existence of confounding variables. Let me use ML models and this becomes trivial. Do school names determine how good a school will be? Of course not. However, schools have names which tend to be reused: cultural icons, scientists, etc.. And schools in low performing areas are going to have a different distribution of chosen names than schools in high performing areas. So you can create a model that will not only demonstrate this but also offer legitimate observational predictability that a school's name will, on average, determine how well it will do. The only way you could really refute this hypothesis is by understanding the true confounding variable, or by running some huge scale multiple decades long experiment where you changed the names of new schools and measured the performance difference. That experiment is clearly not really practicable, so all you're left with is understanding. And this is really where the risk is. If we ever begin to build upon something that is unsound then it risks everything from that point onward being also invalid. At best everything collapses and you realize you must have made a mistake. At worse, you simply end up adding endless epicycles until at some point everything starts to completely stall out muddled in its own invalid fundamentals and irreconcilable complexity. The existence of biolabs is completely genuine. You can read more (from a .gov site) here [1]. They seem to have removed the fact-sheets from the site, but you can still access them on archive.org, like here [2]. The fact sheets don't have anything especially seedy on them but do confirm that the labs were funded by the US Department of Defense, and do work with pathogens. Point being you don't need the quotes. There are definitely DoD built biolabs, and a surprisingly large amount of them. [1] - https://ua.usembassy.gov/embassy/kyiv/sections-offices/defen... [2] - https://web.archive.org/web/20170211022339/https://photos.st... During the Irish Potato Famine, Irish companies continued to export large quantities of food, which some have argued would have been sufficient to have turned the widespread and deadly famine into little more than an economic hiccup. The headline of this article is untrue, evidenced even by the article itself. The one quote they provide from Russia is, "These measures are a logical response to those imposed against Russia and are aimed at ensuring uninterrupted functioning of key sectors of the economy." And look at the industries where exports are being restricted: telecom, medical, auto, agricultural, electrical + tech. Russia is ensuring they have sufficient domestic supplies such that the impact of the sanctions on people's day to day necessities is minimal. Not videos, but these two articles played a formative role in my worldview (related to Iraq): WaPo: "Irrefutable" : https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/opinions/2003/02/06/i... NYTimes: "Irrefutable and Undeniable" : https://www.nytimes.com/2003/02/06/opinion/irrefutable-and-u... I find it extremely interesting to occasionally reread those knowing what we know now. And nothing has changed, except for now there is significant push to try to censor anything beyond such irrefutable sources. I think the easiest way to get an intuitive feel for this is to look at the stories of hyperinflation, because they're always literally exactly the same. The only thing that changes are the catalysts. Zimbabwe [1] being the contemporary example. The first step is some event triggers a reduction in supplies for some commonly needed good. In Zimbabwe they chose to expel white farmers and replaced them with black farmers, many of whom who had little to no experience in farming. Food production rapidly plummeted and many farms simply ended up being completely abandoned. The second step is rising prices as a result of the first. Wheat isn't inherently worth 5 coppers. It's worth however many coppers people are willing to pay for it. If there's half as much wheat to go around as before, people are going to be willing to pay more to ensure they are the ones who get their wheat. The third step is an entity, usually a government, trying to solve the problem by attacking the effect rather than the cause. The government of Zimbabwe saw many people were quickly becoming unable to comfortably afford food. And so they responded by giving people more money aiming to bring them closer to their previous buying power. The fourth step is a new increase in prices. This time the supply of wheat has stayed the same, but people suddenly have more money to bid on it. So again people are willing to pay more to ensure they get their wheat. The fifth and final step is: goto the third step. --- The end result is Zimbabwean's becoming quite capable at big figure math alongside the complete collapse of their economy. For instance we saw the introduction of the world's first $100 trillion bill. In a nutshell, giving people more money to combat inflation is like trying to put out a fire by dousing it with the only liquid you have - gas. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperinflation_in_Zimbabwe This [1] an interesting and possibly relevant video. The video is going to be from somewhere around late 1992, long before Jeff Zucker had even joined CNN. It's a hot mic moment between Bill Clinton just before taking the presidency, and the iconic Larry King who was the biggest voice on CNN at the time : --- King: "It's crazy - [CNN owner] Ted Turner changed the world. He's a a big fan of yours. Clinton: Is he? King: He would, uh, serve you. You know what I mean? Clinton: You're kidding? King: Oh you'd be surprised. He's ready, what's he got left in life to gain? I'd call him after you're elected. Think about it. No dope. Clinton: That's for sure. King: Great guy to work for too. --- I have no clue what King was suggesting. Clinton seemed literally less than interested, or at least more cautious about saying things you don't want heard around mics. But I also don't think it's likely that Larry was just randomly mouthing off, so it does make this quite relevant. As does the fact that it wasn't especially long after this, relatively speaking at least, that news started its rapid transition to what it's turned into now a days. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCUIlV-AKY4 "To your request of my opinion of the manner in which a newspaper should be conducted so as to be most useful, I should answer ‘by restraining it to true facts & sound principles only.’ yet I fear such a paper would find few subscribers. it is a melancholy truth that a suppression of the press could not more compleatly deprive the nation of it’s benefits, than is done by it’s abandoned prostitution to falsehood. nothing can now be believed which is seen in a newspaper. truth itself becomes suspicious by being put into that polluted vehicle. the real extent of this state of misinformation is known only to those who are in situations to confront facts within their knolege with the lies of the day. I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens, who, reading newspapers, live & die in the belief that they have known something of what has been passing in the world in their time: whereas the accounts they have read in newspapers are just as true a history of any other period of the world as of the present, except that the real names of the day are affixed to their fables. general facts may indeed be collected from them, such as that Europe is now at war, that Bonaparte has been a successful warrior, that he has subjected a great portion of Europe to his will &c &c. but no details can be relied on. I will add that the man who never looks into a newspaper is better informed than he who reads them; inasmuch as he who knows nothing is nearer to truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods & errors. he who reads nothing will still learn the great facts, and the details are all false." - Thomas Jefferson, 1807 [1] ------ His words may correspond to your own, but the fact that such views were generally widespread contradicts them. I think what has happened is modern times is not that the media becoming worse than ever, but rather that for some very brief window in time we actually had a media with integrity and ethics, even if completely serendipitously. So all we're doing is, seemingly like many things in modern society, is simply returning to how things were for nearly all of society's existence. [1] - https://founders.archives.gov/documents/Jefferson/99-01-02-5... I'm always open the consideration of any reasonable idea, but you need evidence. I can provide plenty to the contrary. For instance in the 1970s the media, spearheaded by the NYTimes no less, published the Pentagon Papers which (predictably) put the paper in direct confrontation with the government and the endlessly influential military industrial complex in particular. And that led to a high stakes confrontation with the paper itself facing government pressure and lawsuits that went all the way to the Supreme Court with what would have been devastating consequences had they lost. Of course by 2013 when the Snowden leaks hit this had all changed. The NYTimes had already long since turned into the sort of agency that chose to more regularly run with headlines like "British Intelligence Chiefs Say Leaks by Snowden Hurt Security", "Leaker's Flight Raises Tension", and such other tripe - frequently engaging in a mixture of ignoring, misrepresenting, or defending what Snowden had revealed. But the in the heyday of media, I do not see any reason to believe that people's judgement of the media was flawed. I'm certainly interested to see why you think so though! Such quotes ('oceans were 200-250 meters higher') are going to mislead people. It's currently estimated that if all ice melted, sea levels would rise somewhere around 70 meters [1]. National Geographic had an interesting interactive some time back that showed what the world would look like if this happened. [2] And it's likely these estimates have not yet accounted for an important recent discovery which could bring that 70 meters down substantially. In 2016 it was discovered that sea levels were rising more slowly than expected [3]. The reason, discovered through satellite imagery, is that the lands were absorbing much more water than expected - effectively acting like giant sponges. [1] - https://www.usgs.gov/faqs/how-would-sea-level-change-if-all-... [2] - https://www.nationalgeographic.com/magazine/article/rising-s... [3] - https://climate.nasa.gov/news/2398/study-rising-seas-slowed-... The real threat I think will not be in trying to trick people with fake videos, but instead deep flags: create fake videos showing awful things about the politician one wants to win, and then attribute the fakes to supporters of the guy you want to lose and make them look like animals. Especially in coordination with a media campaign, it would be an effective way of undermining the opponent by making them look simultaneously grossly unethical and desperate. Even better if you can get the FBI involved to investigate whether the video was created directly by the opponent or "only" by his supporters. And anybody describing what actually happened could easily be straw manned into sounding like a nutter. And the quality is already perfectly fine for this. The exact same thing happened with Reaganomics/Supply Side Economics. The economic brains behind these ideas was Milton Friedman, and while he did strongly and aggressively advocate for supply side economics, he also had quite a lot about to say the consumer side of things and advocate for, among other things, a negative income tax [1] that in practical terms is essentially a basic income that solves many of the major problems with things like welfare. I'm not advocating for a basic income (or supply side economics), but simply emphasizing that what you said is completely true and one of the many risks of MMT. Even if MMT might be theoretically viable, in practice it's going to be interpreted as something not far from a pseudo-intellectual justification for arbitrary levels of debt/monetary inflation. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtpgkX588nM