I think the main difference between VeryAnts and these are that those are actually supposed to be useful in some way. But I could be wrong. Do you have any suggestions? I'm all ears Is the source code for this available somewhere? I'm curious about how exactly you're sending the text messages, and I can't really tell anything from a quick glance at the binaries included in the zip. Definitely yes! I'm currently a senior studying CS. Many of my classmates freshman year had never written a line of code in their life beforehand. Now, some of the best programmers I know at my school are those same people. If you're passionate about it and willing to put in the effort, then I say go for it! What (if anything) are people's thoughts on runit? I started trying out Void Linux a couple of days ago, which uses it by default. I haven't spent a whole lot of time reading up on it, but from my initial understanding of it, it seems to avoid the issues that people seem to have with both systemd and sysinitv. (Of course, it might just be that it's not used by enough people for anyone to have strong negative opinions about it) I noticed the same thing while reading it. I assume that this is just a mistake or misunderstanding by the author, and they actually meant "weaker". Of course, switching to a weaker set of axioms would mean that some of the things proved by the old set might not be provable anymore, which still seems like an issue... My Dutch professor in college actually wrote out the "ij", but the tail of the "i" connected with the "j", making it appear to be "ÿ". It kind of blew my mind the first time I saw him write it out haha This is freaking amazing Google Keyboard just started doing that to me, and I can't figure out how to turn it off... > I can walk around a bad part of town at 2am, but if I get shot, I'm still going to be mad at the shooter. I'm not sure calling LinkedIn the shooter in this analogy is completely fair; maybe more like the cop two streets over getting a donut. I definitely prefer more verbose names to abbreviated ones, but I'm not sure that never abbreviating a variable name is the right way to go either. Surely there's a middle ground between `Ttpfe` and `timeOfTenPercentHeightOnTheFallingEdge`? This is really cool! Are the sets of three predefined, or are they getting pulled randomly each time? Also, is there some sort of you used to get the info (date, scoring call, video URL) for each play, or did you manually scrape it? Suggestion: keep track of which ones have already been shown in the current streak to avoid repeats? I did 100 of them, maybe 10% of which were repeats (I got Bellsprout four or five times on its own) I think in the context it was used, "the law" is referring to the FOIA rather than being used as the general term for all laws. (Not taking a stand on whether the statement is correct or not though, as I don't have any specific knowledge about that) Some of these are pretty amazing, like the `digits` method and the new OptionParser functionality (which seems to be a sort of standard library equivalent to doctopt!). That being said, I can't help but shake my head at the section about "multiple assignment of conditionals: "You can now assign multiple variables within a conditional...You probably shouldn’t do that though." Am I alone and thinking that it's a little bit hypocritical to specifically add functionality to your language if you don't want people to use it? Or is this just a joke that's gone over my head? I just did another hundred (on ultimate), and got Marshtomp, Shellder, and Pawniard each twice. Also, I got one wrong at one point (Misdreavus's silhouette was just an unrecognizable blob to me haha), but it didn't have me start over and instead just let me try the other options. Not sure if that's expected or not, but I figured I'd check, since it didn't give me a message telling me what was going on, so I thought the button wasn't working at first. I'm still waiting to get either Voltorb or Electrode and have them both in the options. It would be literally impossible without viewing the actual image... Ah, okay, I confused this with an official recommendation. Thanks for the clarification! Not disagreeing with the relative simplicity of Python compared to Ruby, but the degree to which the Python community is adamant that there is always only one way to do something has always baffled me. What about `map` versus a list comprehension, or `glob` vs `os.path`? Obviously Python has pretty clear standards about what the correct way to do something in the language is, but I feel like the persistent claim that there's always exactly one way to do something can range from oversimplified, misleading, or just plain wrong. Thanks, that's a very clear and well thought out explanation. I'll make sure not to take the skeptical detracting too far in the future! > There are many horror stories of non-Apple consumer laptops breaking, and it taking weeks for them to be repaired. At Apple they fix laptops in the store in a day or two, depending on whether they have replacement parts in stock. The only time I ever went to an Apple Store for support on a laptop it did get get fixed within a couple days, but they also replaced my fully-functional hard drive (with all my data) when the only thing broken was the SATA cable. The conversation I had to have with them to convince me to put my original hard drive back in the laptop was pretty mind-numbing, going through stages of "we don't know where the hard drive is" to "we have it, but we can't give it back to you". I did eventually get the original hard drive back, but that experience kind of soured me to the whole "Apple experience", one of the many factors that eventually led me down the road to learning Linux and basic PC repairs, allowing me to order SATA cables and the like from Amazon and replace them in laptops myself. What blows my mind is that it's actually like 15% shorter than since that includes the makefile and readme JS, too, right? Forget "large" standard library, there really isn't any standard library at all Not necessarily; looking at it another way, having lots of programmers who are interested in R might mean that the job market for them is fairly saturated, meaning recruiters don't have to advertise as much or as long Well, JS was originally competing with Java applets in the browser, but, like you said, fitness for purpose is pretty significant! My point (or rather, the point of the parent comment that I'm agreeing with) there's a lot more than just the presence and characteristics of a standard library that determine how widespread a language becomes I'm not sure I'd classify them as a standard library; they're essentially just pervasive global variables. For a comparison, think of Java; the standard library is things like `java.util` and `java.swing`, which goes far beyond having the `System` and `Math` classes available in `java.lang`. I'm pretty sure Rust was originally written in OCaml, not Haskell. Unfortunately, I'm unable to find any references for this, as googling mostly leads to other comments (on HN and reddit) saying the same thing, and Wikipedia's footnote for the sentence stating this seems to be a reference for other parts of the sentence. That being said, Rust itself is heavily inspired by Haskell; most notably, Rust's traits are pretty much equivalent to Haskell's typeclasses in almost every imaginable way, up to and including the way they can be derived for types. Too bad we had to go and make displays with different pixel densities... By "gender specificity", do you mean the word itself, or the people targeted by the insult? Using the word "gato" to describe a woman would be nonsensical, and I don't think that a word predominantly being used to insult only one gender (such as "bastard") makes it any less of an insult. In this case, I don't think the distinction is really that important; I think checking if someone is single or in a relationship to target them with an ad is more intrusive than checking if they're in a group of a few dozen thousand people who are single and like cats. Which style do you use for this? I tried doing something like that once, but there were issues with visibility in a lot of the sites, so I ended up having to go back I sometimes do that, but the output loses the color it had, which can make parsing it a bit tricky (although the less noisy new format will help a bit with that) Thanks, I never knew this trick! This is working for me with "cargo build", but not "cargo test" unfortunately This partially works for me with "cargo test"; it also seems to print a control character ('^O') after every colored string, as well as at very beginning of the output. Additionally, after a certain amount of output (maybe 1.5 times my terminal height), it prints an ellipsis and stops printing anything new. Thanks a bunch for pointing me towards `expect`, though! I hadn't used it before, and I'll definitely do some experimenting with it to see if I can get my desired output with it. Cantor's diagonalization is a great example; I'm definitely not a "math person", but I was awestruck the first time I learned about it. People had explained the idea of uncountability to me before, but I never really "got" it until then. I can't think of a better word to describe its effect on me other than "beautiful". I remember when I was in my middle school orchestra, occasionally I'd get a piece of sheet music with this problem. If it was bad enough, it might even make it impossible to read the last few notes. If you could fix this for your wife, I'm sure her students will greatly appreciate it! I'm not sure I follow your example; what if the ten tallest people are all on the same section? > It's never used anymore, I suppose, except for the old school people who still have enough muscular memory built up to write it that way. I know I do; I learned it from some computer magazine in the 80's and have a hard time letting go. I was born after the 80s, and I use that shorthand (although I suppose this probably says more about me than it does about the shorthand itself). I didn't even understand the original comment until I read through the whole thing because I mentally read it as "Ctrl+D" A bit tangential, but I just noticed that in the Arch Linux repos, `libtiff` is version 4.0.6, but there's another package called `libtiff4`, which is version 3.9.7. I don't suppose anybody here might know the rationale behind this bizarre version/naming paradigm? Ah, okay, I somehow didn't realize that the trailing number referred to the number in the library file. Thanks! My only gripe with the newer MagSafe variant is that the part that attaches to the actual port comes out much further than the old one, so when I sit with the laptop on my lap and my legs crossed, I always accidentally push it upwards with my left leg just enough that it becomes unplugged, and then I don't notice it's not charging until I get a notification saying my battery is low. I can't imagine anyone else has this problem, but it happens to me several times a week. I don't see how that would be any less hard to define than `setMonth` or `setHour` But `getDate` is separate from `getDay`, so why isn't there a `setDay` as well as a `setDate`? So why not have a method that sets the day of the week as well? It just seems odd to me that they would implement setters for all of the other time units but not this one Given that `setMinute` sets the minute in the same hour and `setHour` sets the hour in the same day, I'd think `setDay` setting to the day in the same week would be rather logical What if I wanted to get the day at the beginning of the week that a date occurred in? For instance, if you had a payroll system where you paid hourly workers weekly, it would be useful to be able to bucket the hours worked on the day that the paycheck is sent So setting the day of the week would set to that day in the same week the date occurred; I don't think that's any weirder than calling `setMonth` to change the month on a date I'm pretty sure he's saying that they made it too easy to read, at the expense of being easy to write (with the premise that these are opposite ends of a spectrum stated above) It seems to be missing "aid and comfort" (from the clause of the U.S. Constitution about treason). Not sure if this is used anywhere else, but it seems similarly redundant from my non-lawyer perspective, in that if were only "aid" and not comfort, it seems absurd that it would be functionally different I have the QC25; they similalry for me as the other models do for you. I'd highly recommend them to someone looking for silence in an open office (Note that you'll have to be listening to some sort of sound for them to be maximally effective; simply turning on the noise cancellation without playing music or some other sound through them reduces the noise, but not by as much) > I carefully curate the people I follow, roughly for any given day, I can read the tweets in my timeline written on that day - all of them. When twitter's algorithm "surfaces" certain tweets, it removes them from the regular timeline, so if I dismiss their seemingly randomly selected "While you were away", I wont ever see them again! How brain-damaged is this? I have the exact same issue; I follow less than thirty accounts, and I want to read everything from all of them. When I tried dismissing the "While you were away...", I was missing many tweets, so I was forced to turn it back on.