I use SoftLayer http://www.softlayer.com/ .. I used to use EV1 but since they merged with The Planet they've not been as good. SoftLayer is made up of many of the "old" The Planet guys and offer some amazing stuff like free private LAN between your servers. Of course you're going to start at no less than $150 per month, and I spend almost $1000 a month, but.. this is business and you have to pay to get the goods. People who run their businesses on naff shared hosting are crazy unless they think the odd hour of downtime here or there is acceptable. Of course, shared hosting or a VPS (my personal recommendation if your budget is small) is a good way to start, but once you make revenue, it's time to upgrade :) Depends on your budget, right? But if it's not non-existent, then I'd recommend SoftLayer (just Google for 'softlayer'). They're formed out of the ashes of the old, and great, management team from The Planet (before it kinda went 'eh') and are good value and really progressive (extremely customizable machines, cheap upgrades, virtual private LAN for all users, KVM for most servers, IPMI logins, open API to control your servers, etc). I moved to them from EV1 several months ago and am totally in love. It's amazing for startups because they offer datacenter level options for dedicated hosting money (it's worth it for private LAN alone, I save tons of bandwidth). If you want more general comments, rather than specific vendors, then... unless your site is entirely local/regional, then always host in the US. Always go for something that's not the cheapest, but not the most expensive. Always search WebHostingTalk.com for reviews of the company you consider. Not a bad read, although I wonder what reality some of these writers live in. If we look at startup participation / entrepreneurism amongst, say, people under 30 years of age, is the percentage really that high on a national scale? If even 1% of 18-30 year olds are opting to run startups instead of getting a job, I'd be surprised (although I'd love some numbers!) It's not too difficult. It's what the E-2 visa was designed for.. for people to come to the US and start (or, rather, "invest in" businesses). All you need is to invest about $100,000 into a company, either one of your own creation, or one you're going to take over, and you're in for two years (and then indefinitely if the business continues to make reasonable revenue). There are no quotas on this visa and application times are very quick, whereas the H-1B ties you to an employer (totally useless for your own company), etc. The L-1 visa is another option if you have a company and you want to set up a US office while maintaining the company in your home country, which can be harder to do but is most likely "cheaper". Ah, I just realized this probably won't work for you. I don't now for sure, but Jamaica probably isn't a "treaty" country, which E visas demand applicants have citizenship of. WebmasterWorld.com by a pretty long shot. I even subscribed for a while. It's the only place I know where the more "silent" SEO people actually spill their techniques every now and then. A lot of the other forums tend to be attention seekers who give good tips but they're keeping most of the gold for themselves. There are quite a few Web based ones already. One example: http://snippets.dzone.com/ Of course, a combo between a Web based one AND a desktop app.. that would be reasonably original. Two reasons. 1) The achievements of modern day scientists appear less amazing than they really are. 2) The achievements of scientists of the pass seem more amazing than they really were. There are quite a few candidates for a modern day "Einstein." Stephen Hawking or Michio Kaku, for example. If you mean YC, as in this site, then always. Never done it any other way. If you mean YC, as in actually in the YC program, then sorry ;-) Heh, I'm going the other way.. Safari 3.1 -> FF3b4 and found the same (or the opposite, depending on how you look at it.) Why the switch? Gmail doesn't work in Safari 3.1! ( http://discussions.apple.com/thread.jspa?messageID=6856943 ) At least, not the Gmail I have on Apps For Your Domain, and it won't let me use the fancy, new one I have on regular Gmail sigh I'm not sure comparing with Google Adsense is a good idea, otherwise following your advice I'd need to charge somewhere in the $70 - $160 CPM range on one of my blogs, which ain't ever gunna happen ;-) Anyway, just to be contrary, and because I've had success with it.. if you have a site that's visible in a particular niche, consider selling fixed rate "sponsorships" instead of advertising. I've had very good luck with this on a particular blog that totally FAILED with Adsense (as in The trick to doing sponsorships, I've found, is to both be prominent in a niche, and to have some sponsors already. This sounds like a Catch 22, but you can do freebie deals with friendly people in the industry until you get real sponsors. I didn't do this myself as I wasn't that smart when I started doing this.. and got the first two sponsors over the first 2 years and then all the rest came within a month after those two! When you're a young, unsettled man, you don't necessarily want to "waste" time extending the courtesies that are generally required when you live with women. All that nonsense with toilet seats, over the top levels of cleanliness, not calling people douchebags or bitches for fun, etc. Now, there are quite a few women out there who can operate just like men and would be just as good as a man in the anticipated role, but the odds are significantly lower.. whereas a man would most likely just "fit in." Besides, these guys might have personal reasons. Sexual discrimination is something to eradicate at a societal level, not a personal one. If you simply don't get along with women, you shouldn't be forced to work with them (and vice versa!) This means there shouldn't be sexual discrimination in a general workplace, but in your own home you can discriminate all you like! Exactly what I already did. All of the things I've created that have ended up making me lots of money weren't created out of a need to monetize them. I make things I want or need and then monetize them later when I need to, if they take off. Starting something JUST to make money is a mug's game. Starting a company in a recession is also a good idea because your industry is less likely to be filled with professional BSers and "wave riders" and your natural talents can shine through a lot better with the lack of competition. I won't cook if it takes more than 10 minutes so this will be great for me :) Anyway, my current favorite is.. Ingredients: 1) 1/2 jar of sweet and sour cooking sauce that has vegetables in it (Uncle Ben's!) 2) Packet of microwaveable whole-grain rice (the healthy stuff!) Directions: 1. Microwave the rice for 90 seconds. 2. Put the sauce and vegetables into a bowl and microwave for 90 seconds. 3. Blend the rice into the hot sauce / vegetables. This is what I eat for dinner every day my girlfriend isn't working the evening shift. Takes 3 minutes. This can also be varied by using frozen vegetables which you defrost first with the microwave on Low for 5 - 10 minutes. You can then blend in tomato ketchup, pickle, onions, and all sorts of stuff to just get a rice + lotsa goodies type meal. Good find! It's great looking back to those days when opinions like his were, indeed, mainstream. I was in high school at the time and admitting you used the Internet was not something you did. It was something that would be forever geeky, text based, and for the domain of hackers and scientists only. Things changed rapidly, of course, but I'd say it was more amazing that it DID take off with the general public than the fact we thought it wouldn't. I sold my software startup last year, and while it's the "easy option" to get back into that scene.. I'm thinking I might get into publishing! Can a book be a startup? Hmm... It's not "sexist" to state things that are "generally" true. At least, no more sexist than saying men are "generally" into sports. I'm not into sports, but I would not be offended if a women were to say this since it IS "generally" true. In that case, there must be two levels of discrimination. I have lots of preferences and discriminate between different products, people, and choices all the time. I am very much against institutionalized discrimination, however. Let's say I wouldn't want to personally work with someone who couldn't speak English. That's a personal choice, but I wouldn't want the same person to be discriminated against in terms of politics, job opportunities, and other senses. Perhaps the difference is passive versus active discrimination. The former being someone operating on their preferences (that is, choosing not to live in a black neighbourhood or choosing not to date blondes) versus active discrimation (attacking people of a certain color or gender, implementing discriminatory policies at a workplace, etc.) I think passive discrimination is necessary for the world to work, but active discrimination should be avoided and discouraged. Carr obviously didn't read Free! Why $0.00 Is the Future of Business ( http://www.wired.com/techbiz/it/magazine/16-03/ff_free ) by Chris Anderson, the "Long Tail" guy. All sorts of things are just marketing material to drive awareness and sales of other items nowadays. It's not dumb of Arrington to consider music as a loss leader for artists. Whoever wrote that article could do with some lessons in tact. "The vaunted Latino family is coming to resemble the black family" and "The Latino family is not in such a dire state as the black family." Further on they qualify this with "poor black family" but in the more general quotes above, which "black family" are we talking about? The average one? Is the average "black family" really in a dire state? It probably isn't, but I hadn't heard of it before and it gives me another option to download some of those big ISOs if the other places suck :) (Note: I'm not the poster.) I like the idea, but if it were applied, I bet Scientologists would win the debate against the over emotional "in your face" techniques used by their opponents. For example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxqR5NPhtLI Most predictions of the future tend to be exaggerated, because that's what people like to read and dream about. That does mean, however, that most of today's predictions about the future can also be taken with a pinch of salt, which is a little depressing. I'm not so sure. That's not so much meritocratic as a test of someone's determination or the amount of time they have to waste. True meritocracy in online voting situations would be something like giving more importance to votes from people with higher karma. So, the people who get voted up more, then get more power in voting situations themselves. That way, the site becomes whatever the "top users" want, a true meritocracy. I'm also a fan of giving precedence depending on the "age" of the user. That is, how long they've been a member of the site. This means the site may not evolve as quickly, but it appears that's something people want to avoid anyway. It tends to be the new "influx" of users that comes after popularity that drags a site down, so letting older users have more say could make sense. http://twitter.com/peterc A good argument, but do you think a user's raw intelligence could correlate to the quality of their links and link preferences? I don't. The people who post all the political links to Reddit seem quite intelligent, as do many of the people starting pointless arguments. The ability to troll and incite flame wars might even go UP with intelligence. Perhaps if the puzzles you proposed measured "emotional intelligence" or domain specific knowledge we'd stand a chance, but raw intelligence doesn't prove much. Many of the nicest, most "savvy" people I know are not of high intelligence in an IQ sense, but are still very successful in their fields, and vice versa. Just a guess, but I think domain specific knowledge testing would work best. I know enough grouchy "intelligent" people to go for the raw intelligence option, but if people were tested on their general knowledge of the sector that the site is based on, that's going to result in, hopefully, more informed discussion and links. Indeed, perhaps this is why sites like Reddit and Hacker News were / are such high quality sites at the start of their lives, because only the most informed people knew about them. Once the less informed get involved, it all goes to pot. So testing how "informed" someone is might, effectively, resolve it all.. but I can't help but feel a lot of people would be turned off by such "testing"! Just want to warn you.. I think you'll get flack from quite a few people on the design. I don't care personally, but some people get pretty excited about stuff like this :) Even changing the color might help deflect some of it ;-) Very interesting you've used Arc, by the way. Will you ever release the source? Barely get any pay? $77k, one of the numbers cited, is hardly a pittance. Okay, you can reasonably easily make a lot more by selling yourself on the open market (especially in IT) but if academia and research is what you want to do, $77k is pretty livable in all but the most expensive of locales. It is an easy mistake to believe that tools as simple as Bayesian filters can emulate intelligence. It requires intelligence to determine whether someone else is intelligent or not, not a bunch of rules and filters. As we've seen with spam, any unintelligent system can be circumvented given enough time and ingenuity. Bayesian filters are now but a small part of e-mail analysis. When communities get too big, even if they spoil, it's not a bad thing. It's a good thing because people are encouraged to then start their own communities. Digg -> Reddit -> Hacker News -> .. next thing .. It's this progression that keeps new and interesting sites coming along. If it hadn't happened, we'd all still be using Digg. - Richard Branson - Bear Grylls - Bill Gates (for philanthropy - note that this is coming from a die hard Mac and Linux user) - Carl Sagan - Richard Dawkins (If it was limited to the tech sphere, then Joshua Schachter and Michael Arrington.) This is a really, really big deal.. not to mention a great article on the topic. Solar is going to be one of the most significant technologies in the 4 - 10 year time frame, much like the Internet was in the 1990s. There'll be a boom and a bust, but the diving price of solar is going to revolutionize the world nonetheless. No. You got it. You put it so well (edit: by well I mean 'concisely') too. I wrote a 3000 word essay on this very topic yesterday (though it looks at the background to the problem in more depth), so I couldn't resist linking it here: http://peterc.org/2008/54-how-to-be-content-with-your-life-i... If we all just keep chipping in without competing, everyone benefits. Can't blame them really. It's not worth risking the wrath of the Internet crazies for the sake of doing a single cool tech demo. They made their point already, and they're not going to win an argument against a bunch of zealots. The most powerful, general level scraping stuff I've come across lately has been ScRUBYt : http://scrubyt.org/ .. although I admit I don't have much to do to use it often. It lets you specify which items on an initial / prototype page you want to scrape, and then it builds up a set of rules than then work on future similar instances of that page. Good for scraping eBay, Google, stuff like that. A temporary business visit under visa waiver or one of the B categories does not, as far as I'm aware, allow you to "work" except under certain circumstances. Meetings, sales calls, repairs, market research, and similar activities are not considered "work" and are allowed. It would need to be investigated whether R&D (which, effectively, is what you're doing when working on a YC project) is allowed. RubyCorner is very good, but only covers a certain set of blogs. Sometimes those blogs post non Ruby content, so there's noise. Also, RubyCorner does only cover blogs (not counting the video / photo sidebar) so you don't tend to get latest updates on libraries, and links to things outside of the Rubysphere. You also only get one link per hit, whereas on RubyFlow you can bind together a bunch of related interesting pieces in one go, or provide context. Context is the final part. When posting you can write what you like and provide a little context to the links. This makes it a lot easier for you, as a reader, to know whether something is worth clicking. The problem with sites like Hacker News and Reddit is that you're going entirely on the headline. Sometimes you want more than a headline.. just a single sentence of context or a bunch of related links will do. Hopefully that answers the question! Effectively RubyFlow's style is a cherry-picked, hand-written for context and quality alternative to browsing the social bookmarking sites, like Ruby Reddit : http://ruby.reddit.com/ By the way, if you have any ideas for other niches this sort of site could work well in, I'm all ears. The only two I'm personally interested in doing so far are Rails (separate to Ruby) and Python, but I think there's a wide range of people who might like to make such sites themselves. Dilution. But.. maybe! The wording of this poll is unfair. I don't think they should be banned, because that's censorship, but I don't necessarily "like seeing" Valleywag stories on News.YC. However, that's why I have a mouse, eyes and a brain.. I can "censor" stuff in my head, just like many other humans. Clearly some people here lack that facility, which strikes me as odd. The last thing entrepreneurs need is "more networking." We need more "doing," more education, and more understanding how to bootstrap our ideas rather than rely on things like YC (although YC does a great job, it should be "an option" instead of "the option.") There are already more than enough places for entrepreneurs to network, both online and in the real world. There are not, however, enough people developing exciting new ideas and products. I've already done it. Started from nothing, built a business, then sold it (twice technically, but only "real" money once). I also didn't know much (not to say I'm particularly expert now!) I am convinced, however, that if I listened to a large crowd of well meaning people, things might not have turned out as well as they did. Being a good entrepreneur IMHO rests a LOT on your ability to take risks, do things in a radically different way (often out of ignorance) and to just get stuff done without talking about it. Networking and engaging with a community works well when you're trying to learn something initially (programming language, other technologies, and, yes, even entrepreneurial skills), but isn't much use when it comes to actually breaking through.. indeed, it can be a hinderance if you actually adjust your plans or thinking on what other people are saying, as that could limit your success. Good luck if you are trying to boost morale or just provide a place for entrepreneurs to share stories.. but I'm not so confident that setting up networks for people to actually bounce ideas around is a good idea at all. So many risky / weird startups might not have made it if people paid attention to the "suggestions" other entrepreneurs would have made to their ideas. Of course, the above all applies to you, your idea, and my comments now. So.. you just need to do what you feel from the gut! :) And if you want to do the same-ish thing with similarly little configuration (indeed, less) with any framework (not just Rails) or even with a non-Ruby language, check out SwitchPipe: http://switchpipe.org/ It's rather a shame that this very site isn't good enough for the task you're laying out long-term. Quite a few people have been asking the sorts of questions you've pointed out here lately with good results and good connections made. I sense, however, that Hacker News is going to veer away from that discussion / entrepreneur friendly vibe which may make the sort of community you're discussing a useful addition. Do note that this is not the first attempt at this, however it looks. My own system (I say "my" loosely, it's public domain and open source) SwitchPipe: http://switchpipe.org/ is already in widespread usage, but its focus is a little different. To be fair, fastcgi wasn't /too/ bad IF you actually had it running well at least once g and that varied incredibly from machine to machine, alas. It did use a similar underlying mechanism to most of these other alternatives, just in a rather messy way. I don't think SwitchPipe will rule anything, but perhaps once it's up on Github (instead of SVN) and I release the next version, more baby steps can be made. I'd love to make it even more simple somehow, and perhaps port it to a much faster base (probably Python). I assume you mean over using mod_rewrite to do proxying direct to backend app servers? If so: - SwitchPipe controls backend app server processes. If an app isn't being used, it doesn't need to be running. - If an app is under heavy demand, I want more instances (up to a limit) to be launched to deal with it. - SwitchPipe deals with all of the port numbers. No port numbers to deal with as a user. Just some minor points, but with big usability gains.