Which tasks are hard to accomplish? You realize you can tell it to use your system default to read a given format right its under behavior in preferences Whine much please provide an example of a) an application like calibre with a better ui and similar features or b) how the ui should work. You may be incompetent You couldn't be more wrong. Maybe if you have 4 plugins this is a workable strategy. What if you have 20 or 50. How on earth do you update any of them cleanly? Perhaps the reason pulse and gnome were disliked has something to do with distros that don't support the old versions after a new one comes out and foisted unfinished buggy releases on their users before either was ready for prime time? Why didn't you just pirate the songs you had already paid for? Or perhaps your reading comprehension sucks If you use firefox on the desktop and on android you can easily sync your passwords for anything browser related without any third party extensions and without trusting unencrypted data to a 3rd party. Rasberi Pi 2 $35 crummy usb drive $6 Keyboard from thrift store $2 Mouse from thrift store $3 Monitor from thrift store $10 A functional computer for $56. Not the best but probably a lot faster than the one you paid $2500 for. When I tried it Netrunner was an abortion. Its first stable release crashed more, both individual components and the whole damn thing, than Windows ME. Even the name is stupid and sounds like a 10 year old thought of it. While awesome in theory, it seems pretty easy in generic pentadactyl to focus a text field, hit ctrl+i, and have an instance of vim where after you :wq the contents of the buffer will be the contents of the text field. Also compared to a real vim window this lags terribly. Its also worth mentioning that its totally broken if you use vim-startify https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify . Except every linux distro on earth...ever. Its sufficient just to NOT overwrite the mbr with your own bootloader if you see one is already there. Pretending this is hard is pretty disingenuous. How long have you worked there? Didn't you download gigabytes worth of os in order to run this in the first place? Come back when you can write excel as an excel macro. The argument that spreadsheets are easy for non programmers to use is not an argument for replacing programmers current tools with structured tools. Nor an argument against. The sandbox is a false or perhaps in your case imaginary sense of security. Malicious packages are still possible Its still unsafe to run software from anyone you don't trust Worrying about getting root is beside the point when almost everything valuable on your system is whats available to your user A app store situation where alternate repos or ppa need not exist because everyone can just add packages to some huge store is a horrible horrible idea. Unless you know they have the internet. That book is available from several sources. Safer. Its a matter of degree. Why does there need to be a way to takedown hate speech? Moderation provides a way for communities to decide what they will and wont accept and you can choose what communities you would like to be a part of. If a person spews hateful garbage all over the forum report or comments look to the people that run the community to take out the trash. If they wont find a different community. There is no reason you ought to be able to shut down speech because YOU find it offensive. It sounds great when its happening to a lunatic spewing hate but its a perfect tool to squelch free thought and discussion and it can and will be used for less benign uses if you put that tool in the hands of government. The poem made more sense than Janina Point by point - A private passport service that nobody accepts is no more valuable that the group of people that trust the people doing the verification which as of now is zero. In fact since nations are the arbiters of identity within their border there is not much chance of this changing inside this decade. - She admits she doesn't understand the technology at all just thinks it fits in with her super unrealistic libertarian ideas - All governments are bad because they are all in debt! Governments and people budget differently you can't reason about a government as if it were a massive version of your family. This is economics 101. - The blockchain will help us replace the nation state! The blockchain could provide the basis of a currency, distributed dns, identity etc I'm not seeing how distributed identification has anything to do with replacing centralized government or that that's even a good thing paying for just want you personally use and want is in fact an incredibly stupid idea. The kinds of things you actually WANT government to take over are exactly the kind of things that the free market is bad at and precisely because it is bad at it. How much national defense do you want this year citizen! - Getting fake married on the internet is so much safer! Of course because its not real. Real marriage implies legal and moral obligations. Those obligations are complex because peoples lives are complicated and include lots of complicating entanglements like money, shared obligations, houses, kids. In fact if you acquire all those complicating factors you wont find your fake marriage much easier to extricate yourself from. The more I read the more embarrassed I am for her. I'm pretty sure you could do that with nix and skip the docker part She had a affair with a married senior partner who was also a lecherous jerk at her prior job, betraying both her spouse and her fellow cheaters spouse. Then when he, the lecher, was under fire for his treatment of another female subordinate she defended him. Men make up 75% of the IT workforce and 82% of computer science graduates. If women aren't even studying the field it makes it a tad harder to hire them don't you think? People should aspire to hire the best people in their field not the "right" gender, color, sexual orientation etc. Anything else is bigotry under the flag of diversity. Also if you can do a little basic math you should be able to see that the average company will be no more diverse than the labor pool. For every company that is 50/50 other companies will have even less than the average. You mean the demographics of the videos match the actual demographics of tech companies shocking I don't believe Bram said it would replace vim I think he took something out of context. I think people aren't complaining about the quality of the app. Rather we dislike the fact that when clicking a link to a forum we are forced to decline to install their app before we can view what we are looking for. Personally I close the page. I really hope the creators of tapatalk go out of business. You realize the norm is that the taxi company owns the car right. Drivers rent it In a text editor something like easymotion for vim or I think ace jump for emacs makes this very easy to do with the keyboard. Ex I press 1 key then the desired character I would like to jump to say y all ys on screen are replaced with 1-2 yellow characters typing those jumps to that location. There are actually several plugins for this and several different ways to set this up. Some variations include typing 2 target characters leading to fewer possible matches. On net though you can jump anywhere on the screen in 3-4 keystrokes. Another example hyperlinks plugins like pentadactyl and vimperator have a function wherein you hit f to highlight all the links which are marked with letters so basically you can click any link with 2-3 key presses. Obviously this doesn't work with anything involving hovering clever expanding menus but for a large portion of cases I find using pentadactyl keys better than a mouse. This is one of the most ridiculous ideas I have seen recently and Trump has been in the news since then. Can you imagine not being able to work on a given feature on a given day or having otherwise sane builds of software that behave differently based on the clock? You realize that although LEO is cheaper to resupply it is actually more inhospitable right? There is by definition no resources available save sunlight. We have burned more money for less reason also make your head explode? I can imagine a variety of extinction events that could touch one world and not the other. I'm sure you can too. You are correct that code doesn't "expand on memory" but there is no fixed relationship between code size and memory usage. You could certainly write a tiny program that uses a ton of memory pretty easily. We are talking about a hypothetical scenario in which we have colonized mars. A meteor could take out earth but not mars for example "we have seen competitors actively exploiting our good faith by using our open source code to compete with us directly in commercial products. On the flip side, we have received almost no meaningful contributions to our open source code." The first indicates that they unwisely picked a license that allowed their competitors to do that and hoped they would share out of the kindness of their heart, the second indicates that they failed to find people interested in working for free on their commercial product. Maybe if they had been less generous with their competitors they would have paid them money which could have made it possible to keep it free. So no the "freetards" didn't kill it and by using such terms instead of logical arguments you reveal the quality of your intellect. They cannot take away licenses already granted nor stop existing holders from redistribution however I would think that the other poster would agree that such contributions are effectively wasted if the company discontinued the oss version. Article has a plethora of problems. "Each generation of technology goes through an S-curve of development - slow improvement of an impractical product, then explosively fast improvement once fundamental barriers are solved, and then slowing iteration and refinement as you solve every last issue and the curve flattens out. PCs are on that flattening part of the curve," There is no reason to believe that the non mobile form factor will go away in the coming years nor that we have perfected the "PC" a concept the article can't even seem to nail down. "just as the move from command lines to GUIs was" The gui became the de facto way for non technical users to interact with computers the command line didn't go away in fact the number one way a lot of users interact with their computer or mobile looks a little like a command line we just call it google or siri. "Second, iOS, ChromeOS and (debatably) Android have a fundamentally better security model" Than what windows? "No-one is going to found a new company to make Win32 applications" I'm sure we could find a recent one "And fourth, the broader scale advantage - the ARM/iOS/Android ecosystem is moving towards selling 10x more devices each year than the Wintel ecosystem." People pretty much implicitly need their own phone, they wear out/get broken quickly, and they are advancing so quickly that it makes sense to upgrade frequently. PCs are often shared, or at least less than 1 per person, are often seen as good enough for years, don't break down quite as quickly, and are often upgraded on a more leisurely schedule. This quantity of mediocre phones dumped onto the market doesn't allow you to infer their relevance and doesn't necessarily allow you to predict future differences in market share. https://xkcd.com/605/ In short reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated --PC You still have not provided your line of reasoning WHY it is nonsense. If you have thought this through and have useful insights please share. He is working backward from his own personal preference and working awfully hard to justify that as if he came to that conclusion for logical reasons. People often think they are acting logically when frequently they are working backwards to write narratives that justify the way they choose to act. It's really not drm but it sure is ugly Manning does it to. Fortunately it's super easy to unpack a pdf with pdftk or the like then you can delete the text of the watermark with sed or perl if you like then compress again. I have a script that removes a list of watermarks automatically prior to importing to calibre. Come to think of it I should propose this as a feature for calibre. The reverse seems to be true now with the closed gear commanding outsized prices I see no particular reason why this should be reversed. Factually I think we should forbid selling devices we are forbidden to touch and avoid the whole issue. Actually it most likely will lag years or more likely decades behind the capability of the cars because the people that stand to profit from such rules limiting the usefulness of self driving cars. So the human lives saved would be the valid rationalization. "What makes Waterfox so fast? It's built with Intel's C++ compiler. One of the most powerful compilers out there. This enables us to make the fastest possible web browser for all the code changes we make. This potent combination makes for an unparalleled browsing experience." So basically a build of firefox with a different compiler with binaries available for only mac and windows. For extra fun its based on an older version of firefox and there is no reason to believe it has devs backporting fixes from higher versions nor that there is anybody with the chops to build anything useful on top of it meaning it - Is virtually guaranteed to have security vulnerabilities and bugs that have already been fixed elsewhere - It will either end up with the same flaws you don't like about firefox or alternatively it will be forever stuck at an old version while the bad guys find more and more exploits. You shouldn't be subject to US law as a non us citizen regardless or would you like US citizens hauled off to saudi arabia to answer decency charges? I feel like your suggestion is extremely naive and wasteful of both hard drive space, transfer, and ram. Please explain how you can put an entire system together that way in a non stupid way. Its entirely possible for an individual app to have its deps included without forcing every app to work the same and I'm far from convinced that is a real benefit. It would be far better to work towards standardization to make producing a package for multiple distros easier.