I can recommend this too, it's big in places like Portland horizontally (keep adding cache and load balancers/proxies). all you have to do is keep making more profits and keep buying more hardware into infinity. sure, one day you'll have to build a nuclear reactor and tap a dam to provide all the power and cooling for the datacenter space, but it's easier than a redesign. (by the way, i wasn't being sarcastic. that's how we scale our web applications. we just haven't gotten big enough to need the reactor yet) Honestly? Does anyone who isn't themselves a "hacker" actually associate the word with anything other than person who develops and utilizes methods of breaking into computer networks and exploiting security holes? This word needs to be retired. It's 2009 and something more politically correct is just necessary if you wish to have anyone outside your immediate sphere of influence take you seriously. People tend to relate their whereabouts to people they know IRL more often than those they communicate with online. If you don't know where someone is, you ask their friend, their parents, their wife, co-workers, etc as the amount of socially-relevant information (such as location) will be much greater and with a larger history of previous knowledge in those person IRL than those met online. After all, why does Markus in Timbuktu need to know you vacation in the hamptons every 6 months when you've got your Crackberry on you for the duration? Markus' co-workers, family members, and friends will be much more aware of such information. And sometimes people need a break from the internet. What is this post about? Somebody who finally is able to prioritize his life? Having standards is great but this is a stupid philosophy for life... Alternatives and compromise are important in many decisions, and your maximum level of interest may not always be the best factor to weigh your options. I guess I just can't get past the fact that you can easily make an unwise decision this way by overlooking practicality. You see a couple options you're not very interested in, and then one you are very interested in, and you pick it without hesitation? I know i'd like to learn Tae-Kwon Do, but I also know my primary motivation for learning a martial art (beside the art itself) is to get in shape physically. From what I understand Muay Thai is a much better cardio workout. Tae-Kwon Do might be more fun but it wouldn't benefit me as much as the Muay Thai (not to mention kickboxing is probably more useful in a real fight). So to reiterate my original statement: I think you can end up making the wrong decision if it's based purely upon excitement in an idea and not practical information which may be less exciting. I acknowledge your point that it may make your life more fun, but as i've learned growing up, doing things that aren't fun are often more important. Rant on mp3 blogs and free streaming music... What's funny is when projectplaylist.com was actually accessible, it was basically an HTTP version of Napster for music blogs. They made it seem like they were playing MP3s found on other sites, but they really aggregate all of the files in a large storage cache sorted by seemingly-random numbers. They then obfuscate the URLs by "encrypting" them with a single RC4 key which was embedded in their flash player. The end result was a search engine for finding and downloading any music you could possibly want right from their high-speed repository. I don't think they ever re-implemented this but they did change the HTTP interface every so often, and now the main pages are down most of the time. Myspace had a similar functionality (with XML to serve the location of the files, so no nasty html grepping needed) but when they released their music-centric site they finally got wise and added a more dynamic system of authorizing and re-authorizing each piece of music being played while it's playing. This actually is neat because it allows you to gather stats on which songs are being played for how long and who's really interested. It wasn't worth it to me to extend my script to support this more complicated functionality but I don't see why it couldn't be reverse engineered with a little time. So anyway, any of these streaming music sites are basically playing a dangerous game with their content. When you hand someone content for free, anonymously and via the internet, you're just asking for someone to make a script to download it where they don't need to watch your ads. RTMPE is not a solution because we've had rtmpe reverse engineered for what seems like years now. It seems like the only thing that makes content providers interested in this at all is when someone makes a snazzy GUI which does all the work for you and simply downloads songs. All this could be handled by simply requiring authentication & authorizing song plays N at a time. Then you don't really need copy protection since the user simply doesn't have the capacity to download more than one or two songs at a time, which (if implemented correctly) can make it damn hard for anyone to exploit your service. Bad programmers using a language poorly does not a bad language make. He just doesn't like dealing with the result of bad programming so he's saying C++ sucks. His "argument" is stupid. YC Rant: build in a requirement to look up a URL before it is posted. If URL was posted any time previously, either choose to bring the original thread to the front or don't post it. What could having a duplicate thread possibly benefit you over resuming the old one? In 20 years i'll have my own jet pack and rocket car too. Rosie, can you get the door please? Scaling Twitter: Making Twitter 10000 Percent Faster http://74.125.113.132/search?q=cache:mfi_ssC0kxwJ:highscalab... (highscalability.com is down. perhaps they need highavailability.com?) People mis-configure Apache all the time. They leave their site wide open for attack. They're vulnerable. Saying it's not a vulnerability when 3,000 sites all have their source code visible to the world is like having your arm chopped off and saying "no it isn't, it's just a flesh wound." I know it's not a cool remote root buffer overflow exploit hat trick 540 front side flip, but it's a security hole which people need to be educated about. Obligatory perl example, pretty messy: U="onelinebot:one.onelinebot";curl -d 'track=obama' http://stream.twitter.com/track.json -u$U|perl -ne'/\"screen_name\":\"([^"]+)\"/&&`curl -d "" http://twitter.com/friendships/create/$1.json?follow=true -u$U`' I think you missed the point. Most people don't own an iPhone. Most people who have iPhones don't exclusively talk to other people with iPhones. And most people don't buy a data plan just to send or view an e-mailed picture message from their iPhone-owning buddies. Music for me. If i'm feeling distracted or can't quite get my thoughts clear, I blast hardcore punk or drum & bass and once my blood gets pumping the productivity begins. Sometimes it doesn't work so well and i'll try something on the opposite spectrum - bob dylan's first album, slow classical piano/strings, etc. Also, and this may sound weird: a trip to the restroom. Sitting on the can for 5 or 10 minutes helps me think about the one problem without distraction. Usually I can formulate an outline there and come back and start typing. I agree. The only workers this would attract are 'hacker hobos'. It's almost the same as the plot to The Seven Samurai - pay us 3 meals a day and we'll work for you. The problem is, you get what you pay for. I think anyone with skill would find a job that would net them actual money, since most people have bills and like to purchase things. For similar services sure, or services which rely on others even if they aren't similar. BK went down and all of a sudden Twitter's throwing 503's. Coincidence, or strain on backend resources from users fleeing to their back-up social network? You can't store everything in memory all the time. There simply isn't a computer built which can do that. Horizontal scaling with commodity boxes and layers of cache are the most cheap and effective method of returning a high rate of requests as quickly as possible. http://www.halhigdon.com/15Ktraining/Stretch.htm http://www.indoorclimbing.com/stretching.html stretch beforehand to prevent injury and after to remove lactic acid and soreness. it's been stressed to me on several occasions that stretching post-exercise is critical, and at our gym we do 10min of yoga after a 1-1.5hr cardio session. i'm still getting used to some of the exercises and my calves need constant stretching or they get tight and painful. They did that at a company I worked for. Really big "X", guy was incredibly smart. Ended up doing absolutely no work because he was "the guy who wrote X" and could get away with it. The memory use is not accurate unless you take shared pages into account. Copy-on-write will make it look like each apache child is using 40MB, when really it's only 10MB private RSS. Use a RSS-calculating script ( http://psydev.syw4e.info/new/misc/meminfo.pl ) to determine the close-to-real memory use. If you don't calculate your maximum memory use correctly you will run into swap with traffic peaks. Also keep in mind that swap is a good thing. Is your app constantly cycling children? This isn't going to allow it to move unused/shared memory into swap. Don't ignore memory leaks by reducing your max requests per child. The forking thing is more of the same. Copy-on-write means it's not going to balloon your memory unless some function turns that shared rss into private. It isn't something that you want to do a lot of, though. I guess the corrolary to this article has to be "Don't let your startup's sysadmins diagnose development-side issues." You'll have to add "Make sure your developers can diagnose development-side issues" to the list as well. Most web app developers I have met do not know how to diagnose problems, or simply defer immediately to the sysadmins if there's no syntax errors or logs to refer to. It is a social game, but i'm not sure how much it's not as social as basketball or any other sport really. Those who don't play for money or to win an executive over (redundant) play in order to hang out with their friends. The game itself has its own interesting skill to acquire, but I guess since it doesn't have an athletic component it's lost in the "shuffle" of old person games. Still, I defer to George Carlin on my opinion about what we should do with golf courses: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7C7c-nZIyfc I did something like this. Living as a homeless person is probably the biggest perception change you can have without drugs. People who drink Natty Ice are 35% more likely to live in a southern state and own a pickup truck, and people between the ages of 21 and 30 who drink Pabst Blue Ribbon are 125% more likely to be douchebags. These statistics are true 300% of the time. Mostly security and forensics tools which aren't mainstream. There aren't many practical, mainstream uses for "evil" hacker tools. Metasploit, Nmap, Nessus, Netstumbler, l0phtcrack, Aircrack, SATAN, Snort, Honeypot/Honeynet, John The Ripper, p0f, Ethereal/Wireshark, Hping2, Netcat, Dsniff. Like others have mentioned, any copyright-breaking tools like MPlayer, DeCSS, rtmpdump but there's no way to say these were written by "evil hackers" (more like hackers who just wanted to watch their own DVDs or download free public videos) Can anyone reply back with a list of known services which would be affected by this attack? Would like to stay away from them until patches have been circulated... You could base your meet-ups on anonymity and uniformity. I've always wondered why these sites focus so much on pictures. I think they should be based on personality and similar interests. Take the pictures and user-ids out of the list of people going to meet up. Also you can add structure to the event. I find people are much more likely to meet a bunch of strangers if they know exactly what to expect and what is going to happen. The social map idea isn't bad at all: you might not get a great idea about a person by their biased autobiographical profile. Looking at their facebook or myspace activity may glean much more insight as to their personality. One of the things that strikes me about dating sites is how they're designed for people who are the absolute best at communicating and putting forth a good impression. If online daters were so good at that they probably wouldn't be trying to get a date online! There needs to exist mechanisms that help people to express themselves. Also, I could just be crazy, but it seems like there's some inherent dishonesty in presenting yourself via online dating. Are you lonely? Horny? Bored? There doesn't seem to be a way to express any emotions or desires that others may share without appearing undesireable. Some way for people to connect based on their emotional state seems useful to me, I just don't know how you'd present it to users (other than perhaps through hidden settings and a "show me users who feel similarly to how I do" list method). Well, he is fucking right. The fucking point being that the fucks in the Perl 5 camp need to get the fuck off their high horse and move on with the fucking business of Perl without being defensive will end up benefiting both these fucking camps in the end. And who the fuck knows, maybe if we get more familiar with both fucking languages we can fucking communicate and improve both fucking codebases? ......... Fuck. Heh... Basically, we don't. Sad, really. It's mostly due to apathy and no mandate from higher-ups to pursue stronger security, but in general our farm is only strong enough to keep generic attacks at bay. 0-days, man-in-the-middle, hell even some SSL vulnerabilities are possible for us. We have a "security team" so we defer most of the security precautions to them and just keep our base software configured not to let anyone unauthorized in. However, utilizing host-based as well as network-level intrusion detection tools, combined with kernel-level and userland-level security patches and mandatory security access control policies is the best all-around solution. Grsecurity for kernel patches, an OS base with strong security in mind (many new distros use things like stack-smashing-protecting patches to glibc), snort for network IDS, tripwire/portsentry/others for host-based IDS, SELinux configured for all your hosts to further enforce your access requirements. And of course, diligence: monitor security lists (particularly the one for your distro/kernel) and update immediately when a patch comes out. I played with Debian for a while and didn't like it. Slightly more annoying to use than rpm/yum. I know lots of people like apt, I just didn't, and I didn't much care for the stable/unstable/testing branches (I assume Ubuntu has the same hirearchy?) This is a side-track, but can anyone tell me why distros aren't packaging their apps to be installable/run-able independently of each other? Eventually people want conflicting versions of software installed (i'll admit very rarely for a desktop user and more for systems whose OS doesn't change as often as their developers' application requirements) and you have to become a fire juggler with your now-custom packages. Just install every single application and library in its own path and use a wrapper to determine default symlinks for the base-system and reference alternatives directly as needed (apps can also link to their preferred library and path this way so that wouldn't be an issue). In fact, I wager you with this filesystem layout you could go much longer without upgrading your OS as newer libraries/binaries would simply be installed to deal with the new requirements and used accordingly. (I know this may sound complicated as hell but it's not much more work than the current man-hours put into setting up individual packages for building across multiple OS revs) And another thing: Jolicloud's "ideas" page is the worst web 2.0 market-speak i've ever seen. I can't take that OS seriously. All I wanna know is: Can I tunnel IP traffic through it? http://thomer.com/howtos/nstx.html You will be reinventing the wheel; that's part of working with open source on big sites. There just isn't one open-source deployment/backup/versioning/etc system out there. Nearly every large deployment/backup/versioning/etc system i've seen has been custom. Most of these details will be specific to the group you're working with and the project's requirements. Don't worry so much about getting the process right or finding a pre-packaged solution. The most common solutions will be the same old tools re-worked and customized to get the job done on that site. I'd say the best thing you can do is put your fingers into every single open-source pie you can and get a feel for it all. The rest is a natural evolution of developing for your target platform. Looks like this 3-D camera he developed has been used in films before. Why didn't they change film forever? Do we expect to enter a new era where everyone uses James Cameron's insane attention to detail in order to make a headdress look realistic, or develop a new language and teach it to actors? The article smells of hype and seems to justify this long-delayed epic "to out-Lucas Lucas." I'm no film buff, but the cinematography of certain parts of the trailer reminds me of the same second-rate "Lets get a really wide shot of this big computer-generated battle scene" effects-for-the-sake-of-effects schlock that's been shoved down our throats for the past 10 years. The Na'vi look really cool. But every time I see a perfectly framed complete shot of a monster leaping out of some shrubs in slow-motion I want to throw a shoe. We get it. It looks cool and somewhat life-like. Now can you please show us something that's designed to evoke a response other than cooing in delight of your wonderful technical achievements? 403's with wget user-agent. pwillis@bobdobbs ~/ :) wget "http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers" --10:11:36-- http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers => `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' Resolving translate.google.com... 74.125.91.100, 74.125.91.101, 74.125.91.102, ... Connecting to translate.google.com|74.125.91.100|:80... connected. HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 403 Forbidden 10:11:37 ERROR 403: Forbidden. pwillis@bobdobbs ~/ :( wget -U "Lynx 1.2.3.4" "http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers" --10:11:41-- http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers => `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' Resolving translate.google.com... 74.125.91.138, 74.125.91.139, 74.125.91.100, ... Connecting to translate.google.com|74.125.91.138|:80... connected. HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK Length: 6,192 (6.0K) [audio/mpeg] 100%[====================================>] 6,192 --.--K/s 10:11:41 (103.07 KB/s) - `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' saved [6192/6192] A brief summary of the /.'d http://www.nookdevs.com/Rooting : take off the plastic casing, remove the embedded microSD card, mount it as ext3 fs, `sed -i -e 's/^\(.\+\)adbd\(.\+\)disabled\(.\+\)$/\1adbd\2enabled\3/g' init.rc`, umount, put sd card back into nook, use android dev toolkit to connect to port 5555 and start a shell This is kind of amazing to me. An open android device with free cellular internet access? If it has a mic this could replace my phone... Agreed. But in my personal experience, most films with generous amounts of realistic-looking CG end up sacrificing what makes films really fun to watch: an engaging story, realistic portrayal and cinematography that brings you into the film instead of sitting in front of it. The visuals are worthless if you can't make people feel something other than "ooh... aah..." and i'm (hopefully incorrectly) assuming this movie - with its highly-anticipated technical wizardry - will follow in the footsteps of its predecessors. I'm assuming you're talking about some kind of atomic file-or-block-level backup such as LVM snapshots? Large files such as databases can change while reading them over a long period of time, so a standard disk image or file copy wouldn't be reliable for a live system. Use SSL. Make sure the cert is valid. And hope nobody comes up with yet-another SSL vuln. edit And hope that they haven't gotten a new valid cert by hijacking mail for the domain, too. edit Or, hard-code the domains and IPs in your hosts file. ... which is something i hate about most browsers. why don't they cache the cert indefinitely and wave a big red flag any time it changes at all? the occasional false alarm due to renewal would be a fair cost for the gain of more notice to unauthorized changes. just to clarify: they could obtain a new valid cert by redirecting the MX to their own mail server and requesting a new one via e-mail, right? or is there another way? Here are some more useful options: * "-C" to exclude all common revision-control working directory files. Lowest filter priority, consider the rest of your args. * Look up backup rsync guides and add snapshot or "--backup-dir" support to your deploys for a cheap alternative to system snapshots and other deployment reversion techniques. * "-E" and "-X" for when you just want to apply execute settings and not blow away whatever custom permissions you may have on your deployed files ("--chmod" is also helpful here) * "--delete-after" and "--delete-excluded" to clean up files you've deleted from your source files. * "--timeout=120 --contimeout=60" Because nobody needs to wait 5 minutes to find out their deploy failed. * "--compress-level=9" * If you have a huge deploy tree, it may be faster (though less reliable) to run find SRC -mtime -8 -print0 > files.txt && rsync OPTIONS --from0 --files-from files.txt DEST This will make a list of only the past 7 days' worth of modified files to attempt to rsync, which may cut down on the total time to deploy considerably. * "--log-file=/big/partition/deploy.log" To get a better idea of how the deploy is going or how it went. * Consider if you need --delay-updates to make the deploy more atomic. If files get deployed a few at a time, will this cause the user experience to suffer? Load as well as long file lists can cause long periods between updates. * If you have more than one developer that can deploy to the site at the same time, consider that rsync should only be your file-transfer tool. You need a whole other layer to account for transaction locking, who is deploying or reverting files, and basic logging is very handy to track down problems. But that's a bit out of scope for this link :) The man page and docs in the source detail how it handles these different circumstances. The short answer is "very robust" and there are options to customize how it behaves during partial or total success/failure. I am not surprised Weta doesn't use Isiton. We've had nothing but problems. But they are cheap. And Aspera rocks . Wait - preserve local edits? That sounds bad. It is a handy tool for dealing with versioning and rollback. But i'd hate to be the guy who deploys a hot fix and suddenly rpm is out of locker entries. i dont really care what hn is about: i found it cute and pointless. maybe thats what the discussions on hn's purpose really are about? whether a story is 'important', 'informative', or purely entertaining. i see no reason not to include all of them. but perhaps a way to separate them would allow some to focus on the generic category they prefer. just my two cents. That is the datacenter our company uses. Cat 5 rated, plenty of power, hosts a slew of EMS and other core services. Some parts of it aren't the best but you could do a whole lot worse in Florida. What intrigues me about this is the possibility of leveraging cheap clouds that are literally racks away. Hmm... It's a cloud provider that doesn't use Virtualization. You don't need Xen or OpenVZ to have a handful of boxes and an API to address them as a distributed redundant machines. (Does anyone even know what Beowulf clusters are anymore?) IIRC opening a file and using link() is about the only portable atomic method of file locking. Works on NFS and pretty much any UNIX. There may have been some other trick to making it work right on NFS but if you're going that far you may just need a lock manager.