> They pay VAT for sells in your country. It doesn't matter if it's consumer or a company paying the tax, the amount is added to the price. If you want them tax then increase that. VAT is tax for consumers, not corporations. > Why do you feel entitled to profits of the company that isn't based in your country? Because those profits are made from sales in that country, and every physical company selling in that country pays their taxes, just because Internet-based companies can avoid having a physical presence to perform their sales (Amazon still has warehouses), doesn't make them exempt from the same logic. Are you aware that "the government" changes every ~5 years and the majority of recent French Presidents and their parliaments have been on different political spectrums? There is no "they". So what Sarkozy's government was doing was radically different than what Hollande tried to do in the first part of his mandate (he rolled back quickly when he saw it's not making anything better), and it's also different than what Macron is doing. At least the last one is actively trying to improve on tons of things, including what you're bitching about - regulations. You're so far behind. They rebranded Lync to Skype for Business, which at least looked like regular Skype, trying to target younger people, but really sucked. Then they abandoned SfB and now we're on Teams, which imitates Slack and integrates SharePoint and all that shit, but works relatively well even if it's UX is pretty poor, there are bugs and it's cloud-only, contrary to the old SfB. GDPR and the California law inspired by it. And not everyone lives in the US. How much do you think it costs in USD for an app developer in a developing country to create an app, and how much is that $99/year as a percent of yearly income? > but they will still prosecute individual soldiers when they feel like it, e.g. Graner and England for Abu Ghraib, but obviously not for war crimes And were they brought to justice and sentenced for their crimes? No. A sham trial isn't sufficient for war crimes. Don't worry, nobody actually trust the FAA anymore. It will take decades to undo the damage. > The industry was very heavily regulated globally before Chernobyl and Fukushima, but look what happened Gross incompetence and huge design issues 40 years ago on one hand, and complacency+incompetence that required a huge natural disaster to pose a problem, and even then it resulted in less death and destruction than the evacuation, the natural disaster itself or your regular fossil fuel power plant? Not sure that's a good example. I'm sorry, but from a neutral perspective (i'm not American), but what's the problem here? He was(probably still is) a science denier or egotistical ( knew there was an issue but thought it won't impact him during his lifetime). Yes, he deserves for his house to burn down as a lesson, and if he had burned with it it would have maybe taught that lesson to other idiots in power refusing reality. Natural selection. No, the real problem with WordPress is security and code quality of plugins, of which you require a lot. You could have just used the same Hugo version as initially. It's a moving project and yeah, there have been a lot of changes, with some breaking ones (usually for good reason). How so? Incentivising people to help (via PR) is great. It's like incentivising people to donate blood or similar "everyone benefits" scenarios. (Yes, of course, blatant spam doesn't help anyone and is disgusting, I'm talking about in general) How are they different as long as they are not spam? Good contributions are good contributions and help, regardless if there's a crappy t-shirt or not in exchange for them Isn't it worst off? It's a meaningful contribution worse off. Do you take the same stance with people who are paid to make OSS contributions? At this point, as a non-American, i feel like you people accepting to have a credit rating system is ludicrous. It's fundamentally broken, has been exposed multiple times, requires gaming to work in yiur favour ("open a credit card as soon as you can, pay little things with it and pay it off immediately to beef up a good score") and brings nothing to you , the people. For comparison, in France, the national bank keeps a record of all loans anyone has taken. When you apply for a new loan, the bank will check with the national one your history, and decide based on that to lend or not, and inform the national bank of their decision. I suppose Americans can be afraid that "the government" will know their loan history in such a system, but it's not like they can't currently ask and het that information, and they're still more trustworthy than commercial companies that don't care about you ( their clients being banks and companies) or your data beyond their sales. But it's not like anyone on the US would dare to destroy a profitable industry. No, the FBI already said, "antifa" is not an organised group or movement, so you can't label an idea/ideal/goal "terrorist". Seems to work great in the US, where the nutjbobs with guns and "muh free speech" are at the forefront of fighting against democracy and defending the party and officials doing the most to harm it. And even if Google did do the same kind of shit with Android, it has an open source base, and there are distributions ( LineageOS to name one) over which Google has no control whatsoever. > The US Constitution does protect Americans from the federal government, though, far more than almost any Western nation Citation needed. ( And don't forget, there aren't that many federal Western nations, so the entire argument is close to nonsensical) > .com, .net, .org, .edu, and .gov are very much US-based and US-centric TLDs, .com, .net and .org weren't created as US-centric and it's a tragedy they are ( and it's an even bigger tragedy that .edu is US only). .org is widely used around the world though. Check out the Suez Canal, nationalising foreign assets is perfectly fine according to international law ( of course, subject to conditions). And what kind of imperialistic argument is that? A sovereign country managed to get rid of foreign control, nationalised foreign assets that were exploiting their natural resources and shipping off the the profits offshore ( the original concessions being given while Iran was under UK control), and they're the bad guys and deserve a bloody coup? Again, check the Suez crisis, that's not how the world works anymore ( most of the time). India is nuclear heavy, China has a serious nuclear focus and is actively decarbonising, so what are you talking about? Various African countries can be helped to pick/prefer carbon-free energy options. You can check out Drone.io. It's based around plugins, which are basically Docker containers which accept env variables for configuration and a volume with the code (which Drone clones from git). You can easily write custom plugins in any language you want, test them, and run them locally outside of Drone with little configuration. There are way too many CI tools out there, covering myriads of use cases and niches. Jenkins doesn't do anything better than any other tool. The Guardian. They're good quality, have great investigative journalism, and seem to care about things that actually matter ( e.g. environment and climate change, Panama Papers, Snowden, etc.) > There's wire transfers, but those are pricy ($50/transaction is normal Holy crap Americans are getting scammed ( for reference, bank transfers in the SEPA space are free). How the heck did N26 and others fail at such a broken market where the competition is stuck in 1995? Credit cards are rare and pretty much useless in most European countries ( and damn right unusable in the Netherlands for instance). Mortgages and car loans are pretty simple due to heavy regulation ( they have to show the total interest, how much you will end up paying in interest over the lifespan, etc.), what's there to learn about them? Air France at least explicitly warn you that it's to you to check entry requirements and you're on your own if you don't fit them. And do you read Islamists propaganda and "like" videos or photos of Islamist-inspired violent crimes ? That kind of matters, and its what one could call context and premeditation. I didn't watch the video because i don't want this type of nonsense in my viewing history and because the premise is inherently flawed. Socialism means something, and Nazi Germany and the NSDAP don't fit any of the criteria. Did the workers own the means of production ? Did the NSDAP even remotely move in that direction? No and hell no. The NSDAP worked closely with industrialists ( which helped finance their rise to power), destroyed unions, etc. Having a few national programs ( Volkswahen, the Autobahn, etc.) doesn't mean socialism. They were as socialistic as horses are fish. Yeah, they have two eyes, but that's about it. That's complete and utter bullshit. Germany's social programs ( including pensions and workers' insurance ) date back to Bismarck, decades before the Nazis https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_Socialism_(Germany) > As is well known, the Nazi state was not friendly, at all, to capitalists (in fact this was one of the main supposed problems with the Jews. Early on the enemy was "Jews and Bankers". Not exactly laissez-faire rhetoric ...) You might want to check out who bankrolled Hitler's rise to power ( industrialists like Thyssen) and what happened to them once he was in power ( they gained a lot of money ). > Like it or not, people were literally burning their neighbors alive in Cyprus and entire west was watching. They've been in peace for 40 years now because of Turkish intervention. Cyprus war ended 46 years ago. "in peace" about as much as the Korean peninsula is at peace. Turkey is illegally occupying Northern Cyprus, and that's it. It's not at war with the actual Cyprus, but you can't pretend everything is even remotely fine. Turks were brutally removed from most of the lands they brutally installed and settled themselves on. Population exchanges like after the Greco-Turkish war should have been done with all neighbors to avoid such nastiness in the future. Okay, Mosad hunting Neo-Nazis and Nazi apologists. The costs and risks involved in large scale power generation facilities isn't really fit for private companies and market competition. And when you add a market element to it, companies might cut corners to increase profits ( or minimise losses), and you certainly don't want that. Don't forget stuff like Chernobyl that drained the budget. That and the fact they had like 5 years of a head start. Far behind in terms of popular usage maybe, but IMHO it's far more advanced features-wise and it's probably more popular in enterprises. It's probably hosted in AWS' London region, so at least geographically it's within the borders of the country. I heavily disagree here. Python is a very flexible language that allows you to do all sorts of things, even if there's a preferred, pythonic way. Reading it can be very hard depending on who wrote it ( it's even worse if the person is very good with Python, because then they'd take non-obvious shortcuts ) Case in point, Golang. One of its raison d'être is because Python was too complex to control and make readable, hence a language that doesn't give you much choice and enforces good practices ( refusing to compile when you have unused variables or imports for instance). How is using AWS or Azure's managed RabbitMQ service lock-in? You can easily switch to someone else's managed service, or roll your own, since it's still just good old RabbitMQ. Out of the loop, didn't know reCAPTCHA became paid. After a quick Google search I can only see that the Enterprise version is paid,but v3 isn't. Can one still use v3 and not pay for Enterprise? Or post it on Reddit or Medium or whatever if you can't be bothered with a blog. Twitter "threads" need to die. But nobody would pay for it if there was zero or not enough to convert trial users content, so they needed lots of it to engage and keep users. > I do also appreciate the so-called experiments by the Chrome team, but my gripe is that they are implemented directly instead of hiding it in flags IIRC all of them start as flags, and there are tons of them available, most disabled by default. Most move up to stable and enabled by default after some time and testing and feedback though. > several European governments said that masks were not useful for ordinary people, For the very simple reason that there weren't enough masks for the people that needed them ( medical personnel), and the last thing you wants in such a scenario is for the public to freak out and fight over the already non-existing stocks. Plenty of governments were too slow to react ( with lockdowns/limitations, or planning), but to say all Western leaders failed is simply wrong. As someone who has eaten vegan pizza, no, it's not, it's an abomination. Just make a veggie/vegan lasagna instead... There is already implicit political control. If the US wants to ban X, or forbid encryption, it will impact almost everyone on the planet. Much less so if it were Afghanistan, of course. The EU has a funs that donates money and runs bug bounty programs for critical FOSS software it uses. It should be expanded to include more underlying libraries and lower-level projects, but it's a pretty good start and doesn't come with strings attached. Apples to Oranges. Google replicate and have roughly ~ 3 copies of your data, your 1TB hard drive does no such thing, has zero redundancy, isn't available from your phone, can't automatically backup photos from it, etc. That's just wrong and archaic. > You need to maintain the system and manage the full life cycle Do your vendors maintain your systems? Maybe, if you pay them well enough. > You need testing Because "enterprise" software is bug free. Just because someone sells you software and pretends they test, or even if they do actually, you still have to test in your environment. > You pay for all of the above Yes, either in manhours of employees or cash to a vendor. > There are very,very,very few world-case FOSS projects around (like: redis, clang, elasticsearch, linux, ...) that maintain themselves on an enterprise-quality level, so be prepared to upstream a lot of bugfixes yourself There are many more, and even stuff like Hashicorp's projects are at a better level than say Atlassian's crap in terms of "enterprise quality". > Where there's no money there's no priority Are you under the impression that just because you're a paying customer you're somehow a priority to the vendor? You can tell that to all the people with stuck feature requests or unanswered/unfixed bug reports. At least with FOSS you can actually take a look yourself if nobody else wants to. You're missing the fact that the M1 Macbooks are barely usable for anything else than browsing ( no Docker, no Adobe suite, etc.) and are the first generation. If they were too expensive even fewer people would risk buying them. As for build quality, have you actually used and seen a recent premium Dell or HP? The difference in quality is minimal.