I don't know about Russians, but Shift-JIS/cp932 is still popular in Japan as if Windows never supported UTF-8, so perhaps something similar is happening there. Not sure what the materialization of that suspicion might look like -- competitors trying to crush DO's business? mass account creation or mass fraudulent logins? "mining crypto"? What I could come up felt quote-unquote legit grounds for a timed suspension but only instinctively so. > why do they think people will buy this? Extra salt to wound: and what kind of profit/revenue/result is it going to generate other than the fact that it consumes power? The more I look back at the maker movement, the more it looks a structurally self extinguishing fire. You need gaze tracking when you've got more than 2 displays. When your consciousness thinks the pointer arrow is around the content you intend to interact and your eyesight can't pick it up because it is actually 1920px away to your side it starts to feel confusing than just frustrating. Can’t recall a CPU socket that isn’t lever locked ZIF since Coppermine... You get $9 for hypothetical blood splattered on your hand or you get worse than nothing for nothing That controversial new English subs seemed much more accurate to me than the old baseline, though I can’t speak for Italian dub . After all it’s about a language that up until the last century “being rather unhateful” meant a girl’s stuck to a guy like a magnet, so... I believe they don't? The most basic types of pagers are receive only device just like a FM radio is. The network is supposed to be sufficiently loud and clear and practical, and that's it. I wonder if we will be to trust Mitsubishi designed wing root components should they fly. "building software from scratch" as in `make clean && make` rather than F5 or Shift+F12, not as in "cat > a.out" "Does not have any known safety issues" sounds like bit of a stretch, every airplane models has few safety issues at least. Issues range from faulty windshield wiper motors(I just checked and there is such one for 738), to "may spontaneously explode and kill everyone in and out". The problem is whether the prevalence and/or severity of issues are under control or not. Thanks to NHTSA being mean Comma is more or less or fore-er running(than Tesla they say...yeah okay?) so There’s the self driving code and native layers that runs on a bog standard Android phone, then an Arduino like microcontroller handles interfacing which is more or less realtime. Malformed, illegal or out of range commands would be trimmed out if occurs. They also has a narrower than commonly used limits and that is reportedly insufficient for tighter curves on some highways but are done so in good faith I guess. Why is it dangerous? Self driving software instances costs a lot to develop but nothing to manufacture, and the cost cannot be used as an indicator of its safety or sophistication, at all. Yes and yes, but the alternative is you never enjoy self driving and the potential it has to reduce fatalities for the rest of your life. It’s a trolley problem, this thing WILL KILL, the question is how more/less often compared to humans. They do entertaining things as long as you are comfortably more than ten feet from the end where freedom is expelled at supersonic speeds though, like, from buying Titanium sheets from communists to build the fastest airplanes to spy communists, to letting own psycos spike unsuspecting grad school elites to experimentally manufacture terrorists “LEO” is vague, 100km lasts months and 500km could be decades but both called LEO. Yeah, everyone has a moment when they notice a wrong umbrella in their hand. Could happen immediately upon pickup or could happen later. From there your view branches into the direction of either communal property idea or an internal shame/rage/regrets. So far I consider mine a personal property. I happened to study the process few days ago. Officer pulled out an elaborate form, asked the guy if he wants his copy, wants rights to the item if owner didn’t show up, to which he said no and no, and then he was asked to sign the blank and was told him they take care of the rest. Took 5-10 mins max. Technically no one should ever sign a blank sheet, ever, but that could be done, I guess. Ones that do USB-PD which allows other voltages than 5V What if: SEO consultants aren’t gaming system, but the search and web is being optimized for “measurable immediate economic impact” that is ad revenue at this moment — due to web itself being in-monetizable and unable to generate value. I don’t like the whole concept of SEO, I don’t like the way the web is today, but I think we should stop and think before resorting to “immoral few is destroying things, we unfuck it reclaim what we deserve” type simplification. WD: this comment Seagate: ST3000DM001 Another reason to stick to Toshiba or ex-HGST(if and when available) Or you could root target’s Intel ME or AMD PSP if you know what the NSA codename(BYEMAN or ECHELON or the likes) for those are. They cared not to be evil back then. Now they say they do the right thing, and “right” is subjective. Big consumer techs offer experience, not products. The joyous Windows Experience of office work a la Job Simulator. Modulated carriers are rarely directly synthesized by logic circuitries, even with phased arrays. You tap off a “white light source” of correct wavelength just like you do with LCD. TX/RX rates are thus independent to the carrier frequency. Only local oscillator must to be able to be configured to the correct carrier frequency. There’s no technical guarantee of such a threshold though Also: there is really no central, balanced standard for justice/justness scale, but only an illusion of it(probably generated through said cohesion). I learned it being an non-American with some English literacy on internet, and am being reminded of it every week. Justice and/or “being nice” perceived scale is just an AI model of events around you that one uses to predict certain outcomes, and most of logic you see in it are purely coincidental correlations to aid in footprint reduction. I’m personally more interested in societal impacts to it. YouTube is an impactful media, and it is moderated by personal judgements of, low paid, unqualified “moderators”, who may or may not have PTSD warping judgements or has political or religious inclinations. I remember there was a news story of a Facebook moderator whose PTSD caused them to flag a legitimate family photo as a child pornography. I don’t think there is any other interpretation to it than that repeated exposure to images to flag will lead to the standards within the moderator to rise towards infinity sooner or later, beyond logic. This is a slow fire burning the library of Alexandria that is the Internet, because everything WILL be labeled as “hateful offensive violent pornography” or something, past which point only static noises remain. This needs to stop. We know how to wire FETs, we know this is an i5 and is fast, we also know how to solder thick wires or how to loosen large screws, but no one knows how to build even a Z80 out of some germanium is how neuroscience is understood in my understanding An FBI tracker under your car is not a privileged part of your car ESP8266 is not free, not secure, but open and fully usable(if used in its originally intended purpose) I believe modern cell standards use either NAVSTAR or base station broadcasts to synchronize time slots, adjust beam forming parameters, arrange call tower handovers and such to provide Tokyo or New York or Delhi relevant density capability, and thus GPS functionality is a requirement, apart from convenience of whether it’s available to userland runs in application processor. Virtual UART drivers for every phone since 3G HSDPA creates GPS NMEA ports on your PC and it spits it garbage when it feels like doing. > The LTE modem on the PinePhone is a ‘black box’, and runs its own Linux system internally. First mention of Linux I’ve seen wrt modem firmware. Interesting! Because it’s mentally easier to vote and move on than read TFA and discover items to rage on Preventative measures do not need to be just right so that number is no measurement of severity The original XTRAs system was like: X: portable for Japanese(B5, 12”) T: portable for American/European(A4, 14”) R: office typewriter for secretaries(A4, 15”) A: office computer for bosses(A4, 15”) s: experimental ultraportable Post-Lenovo acquisition system is: X1xx: junks for kids X1C : MacBook killer for China(14”) X2 : stretched office typewriters for Japanese(12” wide) T : Proper American Portable™️(14”) R: Still office typewriters A: X2 but uses AMD CPU W: the most best ones that you order only by accident Yoga: ones that flips fragile keyboard exposing 11, 13, Flex, Helix, Tablet, whateverett: experimentals The only ones you’d care are X1C, X200, or T400 depending on your region, religion and body size. Not going to solve your problem but... Same goddamn molex... Please, no... I'm sure Molex today has far better designs with much lower insertion force. There should be no reason to stick to old stiff molex. I guess SSDs are less sensitive to environments Shucked drives aren’t necessarily cheap, bare drives are always cheaper in my country Is it ranked from middle to top & bottom? Because both ends looks weak NVMe is always electrically PCIe and always M.2 or PCIe card form factor for PC users. If it’s 2.5” it’s 100% SATA. If it’s M.2 then 50:50. Idk but what I’ve heard is anecdotal small files I/O and boot time speed up stories so webdevs might appreciate it on next builds. The premium is dropping fast anyway. No, not US specific. I see some of sellers in my country includes stickers or keychains just to change ASIN. One aspect is that not everything has counterfeit counterparts, e.g. there is no counter-counterfeit to, specific counterfeits, products that require exotic parts, or foods. I’ve never seen a 4-cell(Lipo) knockoff battery for Lenovo X200 and I know the reason is because it is not easily possible to source appropriate components. So there could be specific usage model for Amazon of a person that could completely avoid receiving unexpected items. So like IPSec? e: I mean that doesn’t suck Can’t they create a virtual webcam device somehow What I should have said is that one is discouragement while the other is encouragement, and that encouraged events tends to lead to more controversial/conflicting situations... NVR700W, IX2106 or 892J (jk, interested in global options as well) I think there are cost aspects to it; athletes gets broken bone all the times without grave QoL consequences after full recoveries, doesn’t mean it’s free of charge or it’s okay normal thing. Every commercial network is a public network in a sense Isn’t coronavirus itself a kind of common cold? I’ve heard that “the common cold” is actually a few completely different infections that isn’t worth strictly classifying for the most, and that coronavirus is one of them. If so, this is “a common cold” except maybe death rates are statistically higher.