Tim Cook never said that. When asked what he would do if he were currently faced with the problems confronting Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Cook said: "I wouldn't be in this situation." The Ray Tracing part (page 247) is really interesting. John Carmack describes the NVIDIA RTX architecture there. Usually women are biologically programmed to want kids more than men, and men are programmed to want to have more love making than women. I think a lot of people just do it anyway (just like a lot of people make love anyway even if they don't really want it), but usually don't talk about it as it's taboo. I decided not to probably have kids, as I son't think it's worth for me, but this is a very personal choice. Paired with deep learning it would be very helpful for early tumor screening at home. My girlfriend already had cancer twice, but the usual screening is done only once every 6 months. ,,I ended up not using the fancy iterator systems (yet?) but the ThreadPool is perfect.'' Please give Rayon iterators another try instead of using thread pool + message passing, it's one of the best features of Rust. The main hedges for the financial system breakdown are physical gold, silver and (my personal favourite, although much riskier) Bitcoin (though make sure you use a hardware wallet if you want to own it). The key is ,,inside chips''. There's no reason to do those bad things on the die using an extra chip, as it's too easy to prove. With the low interest rates cheap capital is accessible to selected companies. The cheap capital is used to acquire monopoly position instead of just competing for talent. I don't think the biggest problem is that software engineers are under-compensated. It's more like assets are overpriced, so we're not able to buy houses. Housing is overvalued because the interest rates are very low compared to what you can see historically. A lot of people are expecting a serious credit crunch in the next few (max. 10) years which mean that housing prices will decrease significantly compared to the current prices. Waymo is far the best self driving tech and nobody has the money to buy it, as Alphabet is not selling (it's the first real diversification from ads revenue). GM is few years behind, but hopefully those few years are not enough for Waymo to create a monopoly. He was a PM, so he doesn't understand the real problems inside Google. Talking about agility: you have to provision TPUs years ahead. Developer jobs are taken over by higher priority production tasks all the time. Datacenters are always turned down, and job dependencies on datacenters are still managed manually, as the internal tools don't support automatic migration. Forgetting to provision necessery network quota means that even when you get a lot of GCUs, you have to wait months again to get network quota. If you find the right SRE though they try to be helpful, but their tools are limited as well. I'm not saying things are bad though. There are lots of great tgings at Google, but agility is not one of them. Tesla has an effect similar to iPhone, where people spend more to have it than what they used to generally for a car before. Even Tesla leadership was surprised by it (they expected to get to $35k sooner, but also didn't expect to be able to sell so many cars at $50k). It should. Sometimes I choose to do the same thing if the line of cars gets too long behind me and I don't want to waste their time. Waiting when a human would have turned left should count as a disengagement. The real problem is not short sellers: it's borrowing people's stocks for shorting without their knowledge. When you think you own a stock, you don't own it, as the ownerahip lies with the custody institution (unless you have a stock certificate). There was a small but strong group of people who even believed that it was possible to create digital cash that can't be simply controlled by a government. To create a government project you have to make something that makes sense and looks possible (like the atomic bomb). Even if Tesla achieved as expected, it's very far from being just a normal company. As a person who suffers from air pollution every day, I'm really thankful for Tesla employees for working on decreasing this constant suffering in the future. In my view Tesla is changing the world. Elon's using optimistic projections all the time to motivate the company and all other companies working with Tesla as well. The problem is that - as with any project - if the stated goals would be less, the real outcome would decrease as well. Of course weather it's legal to be optimistic or not is an orthogonal question, but it makes sense in leading a business. ,,Reviewing code is one of those things that I would enjoy if I had infinite time, but that I find a nuisance when I don't.'' I can't really imagine any work that can be more important than code review for other people. This is the way Linus can have a 100x leverage on the Linux code base. This is the most important and hardest work in the Bitcoin code base as well, probably apart from cryptography research. I think the bigger problem is that code reviewing may be not well compensated, not that it's not important. How can we see the evidence if the victims are silenced by their contract (forced arbitration)? The way to change the law is by starting the movement in the company. I'm sure people will talk about not allowing forced arbitration by the law after this movement. No. In Google you're supposed to try to go for promotion, and nobody cares about the walkout in the promotion commitees, so at the end you have to work extra. If you don't want promotion though, life's easy @ Google. I look at Tesla as the next Apple. There's not much room for fast innovation in the smart phone space, but cars are outdated, and self driving / electric cars with better robotic manufacturing methods give an opportunity for new entrants to appear. It's too late for Apple though at this point to manufacture the full hardware (and also behind Waymo in self driving software). What I have seen more are 0.1x managers. They may be just 10% of the managers, but the problem is that if you have a deep hierarchy, you just need one 0.1x manager in the hierarchy to ruin your project. It's also an act of jealousy: so few man in the world get an unrealistically huge amount of female attention (and set the bar extremely high), that as a teenage boy was impossible to compete with for most of us guys. I vote yes for distributed systems, no for the Masters' Degree. If you already know how to code, it's easy to get into other fields and train yourself, thereby not losing money. You can also write open source code if you don't think you could find the appropriate job instantly. 99.998% sounds great, but 99% here not so much: https://basecamp.com/3/uptime It would be better if it would show a more precise number. Actually this isn't something new. Smart children in their young age coupd take advantage of others not being able to count. Still, strength is probably more important as a child. It's just because it takes time to build the new supercars. Tesla Roadster is out in 2-3 years, it sets the standard for other manufacturers. Are you talking about a car that is taking over a bicycle before turning, or a bicycle taking over a car from the right in the same lane (which is not allowed)? I was also cheating on my chemistry exam, but as your life is over yet I wouldn't be so sure. As I'm getting older it's getting more and more important for me to understand the biochemical processes that are going on (or going wrong) in my body. Why would it be just filler? You're probably not eating enough. It has high fiber content, just like most vegetables (and actually a very similar macro nutrient ratio) We have web pages with multiple seconds of latency because devs don't have a deep understanding of the performance hits of composing programs. And for that you need to understand how the CPU works. Please don't confuse Bitcoin with any other cryptocurrency. Bitcoin Core is where developers who treat it responsibly as a multi-billion dollar system are concentrated. It's very hard to submit code to it for a reason (unlike ALL other crypto currencies so far). Just as an example Bitcoin is the only cryptocurrency where you can see a page with all security vulnerabilities so far. Just search for Astro Teller rollerblades :) With BTC this is just normal volatility. The usual drawdowns that are happening every 1-3 years are about 75% - 95%. If the price of BTC goes under $1000 that will be something new. I can't speak of other coins as they are a very different market (and I'm a Bitcoin maximalist). It means that I think it will eat all money (and most altcoins as well) over the next 15-20 years. About the downside: I hope using coal as an energy source will be shut down ASAP. Bitcoin protocol would easily work with only sustainable energy sources, but it doesn't work without the security of proof of work (all other algorithms for decentralized concensus so far decrease security of the protocol). Luckily China already took some steps to close down the most polluting Bitcoin miners. At another big company we had a code freeze as well, but we found a bug in a new feature that we released. We were not allowed to fix the bug, so we were reverting binaries of the data processing pipeline. The problem is that the data was already created and not backwards compatible, so we just created new problems... strict code freeze together with a huge feature push is always a nightmare. Don't kill yourself, life has too much fun even for you. You're probably not that smart, but not dumb either. For smart people math usually comes easy, as it doesn't require much memorisation. Dumb people are not able to do deep self reflection. C++ is probably not your language, so if you want to stay with computers, I suggest you take a look at web programming, as it has the least math. You can always switch inside programming if you change your mind. Go for HTML, JavaScript, Vue as a start for example. Try to have fun with it. Build things. Then come back and ask more questions. It's not just easy but I have some friends who dom't update their (low end) phones because they're afraid that the updates will slow the system down. It took weeks for the bug to be surfaced. I was working with conversions, which is rare and noisy data. The problem is that most policies are not adjusted for the subteams. The software that allows the GitHub style (light-forking) environment is called git, created by Linus. He's a great example of a person who doesn't care about free software ideologies, but cares about open sourcing code a lot. That's great. Bitcoin needs to get to the state where mass media also thinks that it's over for Bitcoin. The desparate phase is when the last weak hands get rid of their Bitcoins, and that marks the bottom of.the crash. If they would want equality, it should be symmetric (for example 2 women, 2 men, or 1 woman, 1 man, and 1 any gender). This is clear discrimination against men (though not the first one that we have seen in the past few years). The paper is here: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00260.pdf It's interesting that it's already used for optimizing for long term value when deciding whether a push notification should be sent or not. It's cool, it would be great if the neurons would be classified with machine learning by the name of the objects they encode (and probability of that encoding beimg correct), so not just a few object types could be added / removed With the current low interest rates there's no capitalism in the world, just crony capitalism, which inflated some asset classes, like the housing market, stock market and private companies that plan to go to the American stock market. This problem will be corrected in the next 10-15 years, but it won't be an easy ride. At this point in time just developer recognition is enough for a lot of people to work hard on a project that has an impact for free. The basics of Twitter is trivial to implement in a centralized way at this point (unlike Google which solves a hard ranking problem), but it needs decentralized serverless infrastructure, that hasn't happened yet. I think decentralized money has to win first, and other infrastructure can come later. The damage is not simply probability x impact, as it's also important to limit the potential downside. When a person or company pays for insurance, it increases the average damage in return for decreasing the variance. It's called #himtoo, and it was started by the mother of a false accusation victim a few months ago. The fact is that these differences im sex exist (and increasing). I would happily change my official gender to be able to be a board member (now that California is limiting it). But if I needed, I would maybe change my official gender just to be able to fall into the gender quota and get a job.