I rather enjoyed "The Truth About Hacker news and Communists." Apparently, "All persons claiming to suffer from hacker news are in fact shape-changing aliens." http://www.verifiedfacts.org/i/hacker%20news/NDM1MTE Good luck to all! Hope the new size works out well too. This seems incredibly unnecessary, especially since I might actually use their exchange if they ran one. (More design chops than most of the abhorrent exchanges.) Though an alert() is a rather inelegant confirmation... This article inaccurately lumps all software companies into one bucket. As rohamg points out, he makes a black and white argument about engineering vs. sales politics, while the reality is that this differs a lot by company. In fact, many of the larger software companies seem to be driven primarily by sales (including, increasingly, Google). At the smaller companies (incl. startups), it absolutely makes sense for engineering to be of primary importance. At this level, being able to constantly adjust to customers' desires is essential, and an engineering emphasis helps with that. This also flies in the fact of the supposed arrogance of engineers. If anything, I think sales people are the more arrogant ones: they think customers just need to be sold on a product, while engineers understand iterating on feedback is key to growth. Beyond being extremely generic, his advice underplays the importance of deliberate practice at coding. Honestly, if you can hack, the jobs will come. Sure, you might need to network a little, but the skills are the basis. Nobody from my school with technical chops is unemployed or without good internships. Meanwhile all the students who network and promote themselves but don't code are stuck in unpaid internship after unpaid internship. Fair enough. I did the same in high school, and it's certainly a good start. However, if people really want to be hired, they should focus on developing serious tech chops. ie. more than just slicing PSDs. While his research is very interesting, I'm not sure Sid Kouider actually can say much about consciousness. He came to speak at my school and his philosophy basically boils down to "working memory = consciousness." However, this definition of consciousness is highly disputed. Specifically, it fails to account for any of consciousness's phenomenological aspects. One might feasibly construct a computer to simulate working memory, but it seems unlikely that such a mechanism would be truly "conscious." Ultimately, Koudier is attempting to answer with science what philosophy hasn't even yet established a framework for. I'm pretty sure increased urbanization accounts for a lot of it. Also, more exposure to international communities where not driving is normal. At least, that's my justification for never learning to drive. All I get from this is: 1) You can use buzzwords. 2) If I can cure cancer, I'll be rich. Great insights there. I wish these courses would be less newbish. I might not know Objective-C, but I know what a variable is. Not exactly sure how this article defends its headline at all. Considering that the author points to Motorola and Facebook Home as wins, his grasp of the tech scene seems rather weak. I think I'm confused on what the term freemium means. I always thought it meant a product with both a free and paid tiers. This doesn't seem to match with "For example, Freemium works really well when your user IS the product." Such services, like the Facebook example he cites, are free, not freemium. Right? It's called an IPO, and the structures are in place for a reason. Can you actually imagine the difficulty of keeping 170 million "investors" updated on the status of the company? You'd have to share so many reports, make sure everything is done fairly, release regular earnings. Oh, wait, that's exactly what the SEC requires for doing IPOs... Seriously though, it'd be a scary world where everyone is an investor. Most people just aren't qualified to understand risk and make smart decisions for the future of the company. Startups would end up with no revenue and people's investments would be worthless. Seriously, this has to be a joke. A very elaborate one, which half of HN is apparently playing along with... I mean, in Soylent Green it's all about "freeing your body" as well. Do we know that they send your password in plain text? Not technically. You can do client-side encryption so that only the hash is sent, via Javascript. I think interviews can often be a dicey proposition since ultimately an interview should be explicitly focused on the person. So if you just want general advice from them, an interview works well. But if you want to find out what the think about Thing X that you're making, an interview isn't really appropriate. Good piece. But why no attribution on the blatant paraphrase of another Madison quote? "If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary." Given that the police have decided to, essentially, wage war on the people why don't we try fighting back? The majority might not care, but "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world." (Margaret Mead) Dump money into personal lawsuits against officers committing negligent attacks such that they are financially ruined. Attend town meetings and demand sever cutbacks in the budgets of police departments acting this way. Put lobbying dollars to work and get change from the top down. Wonder how this relates to Random Hacks of Kindness? http://www.rhok.org/ I was hoping to find out whether I'm actually as lazy as I thought... :( I don't think this really speaks to any growth in that market sector. Rather, Google is just taking over the low-end sector with software which matches the abysmal hardware. Basically we're looking at the bifurcation of the market. People who can afford it have Apple devices and everyone else will end up with Google products subsidized by advertising dollars. Yet another miscarriage of justice. The entire line of logic seems to have been that because Apple's actions led to increased prices it must be a conspiracy. Amazon was, and is, the monopolist using classic monopolist tactics (lock-in, undercutting prices, etc.) to retain a monopoly. Of course once their monopoly was ensured they'd pivot to make a true profit if pesky Apple hadn't interfered: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/05/business/as-competition-wa... I can't help but feel that this was driven by politics/optics (to your average person, of course lower prices is better). List of fellows here: http://hackny.org/a/2013/06/hackny-announces-the-class-of-20... *was a fellow wget likely came pre-installed... I really don't see how this is an issue. Your friends have access to your contact information. When the delegate that access to Facebook, of course Facebook would log in. In fact, I've implemented systems similar to this in any number of apps—it helps to improve the onboarding experience of future users, and honestly isn't giving up any information which wasn't voluntarily shared. This looks awesome. What kind of traction have you seen? Anything getting sold for decent amounts? Reminds me how lucky I (we?) are to be free of the monotonous prison of every day life which most Americans are stuck in. So we can effectively say goodbye to a strong engineering culture at Google. With layers and layers of PMs, the best and brightest have no desire to entire their system. So Google's left with the academically talented individuals who don't have much initiative or drive outside of extremely narrow scopes. (So, innovation was killed by the bottom line.) In general, most developers have a lot of freedom in employment and can probably escape it given a little planning. This really doesn't seem accurate. I'm a professional developer who codes, and learned to code, using just a 13-inch laptop. Clearly large screens and fancy keyboards aren't always necessary. If anything, they impair actually learning. Inspired by codecademy? I totally thought the headline was referring to Campbell discontinuing their disgusting beverage. Sadly this news is much sadder. Right, but those are definitely the easier things to learn. It should certainly be simpler to memorize a couple keyboard shortcuts than to learn how to program... so just start with that simple task and the "hardware issue" is overcome. Feeling good that I spent the weekend learning Angular and Puppet. This is just insane, and sadly mirrors the experience of everyone I know interning in finance. But do they also treat their tech/engineering employees like this? I can't imagine an engineer working 80 hours on Wall St. when they could make quite good money Facebook, etc. as well. This author completely misses the value in the liberal arts, which I'm saying as a computer science major. Definitely my best decision was to study CS as part of a liberal arts curriculum (where 1/2 of my courses have nothing to do with CS). This is really how it should be done. Sadly, the liberal arts are dying out (or, in the case of the UK, don't exist at the university level). In such a system, I'd actually encourage people to study the arts, not engineering. It's easy enough to simultaneously learn to code and put bread on the table from that. (Most useful technical skills are learned outside the classroom.) Until the non-classroom resources for learning the liberal arts rival those for learning CS, in an either-or situation (like the author's) one should definitely study the arts. Really? Are we still talking about how OS X doesn't give you "full control over the system?" Given the popularity of Macs in the developer community, it's pretty clear that you have as much control as you desire—Unix has incredible power. And if you still somehow feel that OS X is actually constricting you (rather than just hiding advanced settings in the command line), you'd never be able to run Linux on a Mac. No, never... https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/MacBook As for the price component, if you're making your living off a computer I surely how you can afford a decent one. > Hence the reason for your need to put quotes around "full control over the system." Or maybe I put quotes around it because I don't agree with that assertion and it's a quote from the article... > And problems I've solved in the past on Linux are still problems to this day on OS X. Can you give me an example? I'm genuinely curious... > This ignores people starting out, or in different locations. Yet the author certainly could get a MBA, as he specifically references having one. That's not a counter to my point. Even if they're running Linux, it's more and more on a Mac. (And yes, I do see plenty of those.) And let's be honest here: more and more developers are web/app developers. ODBC doesn't seems like cheating to me. I can understand why you'd use Windows if you're using a Microsoft stack. At that point, there's no saving you. Definitely falling victim to this. And I think making a little money makes it even harder... when the fight/flight kicks in I flee to another country, thinking I'll somehow be happy there, but end up even more lonely. Disregarding the marketing bits, a good story. But there are a lot of actually good reasons to stay in an easy (ie. stupid) job if it's a temporary situation with an exit in sight. Specifically, when bootstrapping/moonlighting a startup you have no energy left for an overly intense day job. So stick with the crappy job until it's time to take your passion full time. So I'd suggest a modification to the old maxim: If you're the smartest person in the room, either leave the room or start to build a new one. Unfortunate story, but also very different than my experience with US border control. As someone who travels outside the US many times a year, including to somewhat odd places (last year has included Sudan, United Arab Emirates, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Malaysia, Ukraine), I've never had a single problem or spent more than a minute talking to anyone from customs or immigration. Of course, the TSA is another story. Sadly a majority of the American public is completely okay with being spied on. [1] Given that is the customer base for these tech companies, I don't see them fighting very valiantly, if at all. Especially when the government can put on pressure via political prosecutions. [2] 1: http://www.people-press.org/2013/06/10/majority-views-nsa-ph... 2: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Nacchio The experiment really doesn't match up with what they're saying. It's certainly well studied that making difficult decisions taxes you mentally, and it's not surprising that spending $1,500 is a more difficult decision for someone with a lower net worth. Where it falls apart is with the assumption that only the poor have to make difficult decisions. If anything, wealthier people spend a lot more time making decisions at work and receive commiserate cognitive load. Not sure working at McDonalds requires you to make any decisions at all. Even if we're going to pretend that financial decisions are the only decisions in life, I still think the poor might expend less cognitive energy. Frequently they are poor because they specifically avoid making financial decisions. (Hence that's not a cognitive load.) On the flip side, people with more significant assets have to make more significant/difficult allocation decisions, etc. The problem with the methodology is that it's based on density, which is far from all that matters. The fact that a startup industry exists within a larger industry doesn't really detract from the vibrant startup community. If anything, it enhances it. It's pretty telling that New York isn't even mentioned in that report despite there being areas in the city where every other office is a startup. I've often felt similarly, having worked on a number of remote projects. But at the end of the day our efficiency/productivity in making major decisions is much higher when we gather. Technologically, this is driven by 2 things: 1) Whiteboarding software just isn't there. I can't as effortlessly sketch something out and share it with remote people as I can on a physical white board (which is arguably as relevant to "software companies" as actually writing code). 2) Audio/visual latency still exists. Even if I closed my eyes, I could still tell who's in the room and who's not. Sometimes I'll come in just for a meeting because of this. I do think a happy medium exists in much smaller offices/coworking spaces where most people are WFH a lot but come in once a week for meetings. I'd like to be outraged, but it does seem like he deserves to serve time. He's not being prosecuted for providing information generally on how to cheat a polygraph. He committed a crime when he willingly and knowingly aided actual criminals. (Ex. a federal agent with drug cartel ties.) That's absolutely a crime. Just like it's legal to sell thallium, but it's certainly not legal to sell it to someone who tells me they intend to kill with it. And it seems he didn't maintain plausible deniability. (Bring on the downvotes.) > Falsifying polygraph test results isn't a crime, since the test results are inadmissible in court cases. True. But it is an obstruction of justice, and it seems pretty clear that some people were soliciting his services to cover up non-polygraph crimes. For example, providing false identification to members of the Zetas drug cartel is definitely a crime (and, considering their penchant for bloodshed, a pretty despicable one). It's also whether the "convicted sex offenders" used his training to avoid capture for additional crimes (which would make him something of an accomplice). Just not clear how we could defend a man who knowingly trained people doing some pretty nefarious things. > "Deserves"? Do you assign this moral priority only to the current snapshot of American law, or do you apply it to American law in general, or do you apply it to the laws of whatever country a person resides in? I actually think this moral judgement is irrespective of the legal environment. He knowingly, though not directly, aided a ruthless criminal organization. To me, that's immoral regardless of what country you reside in. Seriously, the bar for attention is incredibly low these days. What a terrible idea. Software is a rapidly evolving field which simply can't be captured by a single examination or a set amount of experience. Indeed, apparently "four to six of experience" would be required. So suddenly no 20-somethings can work in software which might impact "public health or safety, security, property, or the economy." Say goodbye to half the tech teams at health and fintech startups... So, the ultimate nail in the coffin for open, fragmented services. If you want to build a good OS, you ultimately have to take almost complete control. (Google is basically following Apple's route.) The reason I think the Google system is worse is that theoretically any application can achieve this level of control. So while I might trust Google, it seems all too easy to trick users into installing a different process which can take complete control of their phone. With iOS, only Apple is capable of this level of control, thus decreasing the attack vectors. EDIT: Admittedly it's highly unlikely that Google would ever let such an application into the Play Store, thus limiting its distribution potential. Definitely a very cool concept, but the code could be improved a bit. I'd ideally like to see something like this primarily to be run via Javascript. Then once you guess it'd just download a new audio clip + the correct answer... way less lag. A couple years ago, I was exactly like you. (I'm from the Champlain Valley myself.) But in the 3 years since, I learned that people are infinitely more important than my technical abilities will ever be. My hubris brought me down. Things like this just aren't going to win you friends. If you want people to invest in you, not your ideas, (a statement which is itself filled with hubris), you have to grow up and realize the world around is a lot more than code. she Should be awesome. Based on the expo, the quality is going to be astounding. This is an interesting article which picks up on an emerging trend. However, it conflates the theoretical concept of a "card" with physical designs. The example of Facebook is apt, as their system is all about discrete, short bits of content (ie. "cards") being shuffled into different views. Despite this Facebook has I think wisely avoided the skeuomorphism of actual card designs. The concept of cards definitely has legs. The more integrated and easily consumable we can make the web, the better. But the designs don't necessarily matter to that concept. This seems to be a vast overreaction. The only actual "harassment" is about making a sandwich, which is pretty low on the scale of insults. In fact, the teacher was probably right to not intervene. For two reasons: 1) Regardless of your gender, being the person who caused adult intervention isn't likely to win you respect in high school. If he had intervened, she would likely have been further ostracized. 2) Growing up is about learning to interact with people. A big part of this is categorizing what matters and what does. If I made a fuss every time someone made a slightly off-color joke about my religion (I'm Jewish) I'd have both no friends and no job. Stallman, et. al are also against anyone making any money from building software. He's said as much, that he thinks software engineers should work as waiters rather than work on anything which isn't entirely free. So, naturally he's against Apple which happens to make a lot of money from building software. Honestly, I'm amazed that email was enough to get the gig. As an engineer who's admittedly not very social, I would have no trouble writing that email. Are standards for non-technical people really this low when someone applying for an engineering position has to go through grueling interviews, code reviews, and resume checks? (I'm sure that he was a great hire, I'm just amazed that this was sufficient to even get an interview.) > A case could be made that Apple and FSF are on the same page there. Not really. Apple is very big into free software, but only free as in beer. As you note, they build that software (and give it away effectively for free) in order to sell more hardware. The second they make it free as in speech every competitor can pick it up and put it on commodity hardware, destroying a major strength of Apple. In a NYC talk, Stallman readily said that software developers should absolutely never work for any company developing closed source software (ie. the vast majority of software companies) and should instead work as waiters, developing free software in their free time. [1]: http://isoc-ny.org/p2/5844 I know they disagree with this, but the fact remains that it's very challenging to make money off open source software. Few companies are able to sustain such a business model, particularly if the target market is consumers with no interest in retaining consulting services. Founders who protest such competitions are the same types who ask potential employee's to sign onerous NDAs. Honestly, almost nothing about running a business should be secret. Because that's not where your success comes from. It's all in execution and building a great product/culture. You can openly share all your plans and still see others fail to copy them. Very well done. Love the reveal... thought this was just going to be yet another first-timer post, then BOOM. And I'd have no objections to sharing such data. It's simply not the competitive advantage in most fields. Execution and effort drives success, not business plans. Of these, I'm definitely most interested in Chase Adam. It'll be very interesting to hear the lessons from YC's first non-profit, particularly as the winter round will likely include many more. Can someone explain how this is different from Docker? As someone who hasn't used either, I'd really appreciate an explanation of the nuanced differences/how they relate. From my reading, this simply has nothing to do with the Matthew Effect. They are measuring volume of transactions, not necessarily value and certainly not wealth accumulation. Naturally, those who engage in many transactions initially are likely to engage in even more transactions in the future (ex. a new exchange starts with many transactions and gets even more over time). This has no correlation with actual wealth. If we were to apply this logic to the real world, one would reach the startling conclusion that delis are wealthier than high fashion boutiques. My first thought was that's kinda cool. Then I viewed the source. Amazing. I'm amazed that it's only 5 years old. In those years, it's redefined both how software development works and the terminology we use to describe it. Honestly, it's helped me to become a better developer in so, so many ways. What were SO-coders doing 5 years ago? Though it's not April 1, I thought this must be a joke. Not because these features don't make sense. They do. I know plenty of people who would love them. Except those aren't the people who would pay for them. Simply put, the sort of people who use emojis are definitely not the sort of people who pay for productivity software. Nerds (and generally "professionals") will pay for a Trello board. But nerds don't particularly like stickers. Normals love stickers, but barely ever pay for anything—least of all subscription web services. Even today, I just don't see many teenage girls willing to toss $5 at a web productivity board. It's just a sad and bizarre case of product-market mismatch. I don't know many people who like their open office plan. Yet, why are startups trumpeting these as great places to work? Particularly as an engineer, having a door I can close is essential. (That's why I love working on Fridays, when nearly everyone else works from home.) The biggest stressor for me in an open office is overhearing personal conversations. It's not the noise that bothers me, but the fact that I hear things I really just feel awkward hearing. My ideal office is just lots and lots of rooms. Maybe you could do an open office if complete silence were enforced on the floor and all meetings were held in adjourning rooms, but that'll never get buy-in. The content sync is the really impressive feature here. Basically drop-in multiuser support. The meat of this article, hidden underneath all the fluff, is simply that fees are higher and poor people end up paying more of them. Honestly though, they probably deserve that. I've never in my life been charged an overdraft fee because it doesn't take much to just track the payments you make and never go over. Of course, an inability to plan is probably why they're poor in the first place... > That's easy to do if you're not poor. It's a problem you've never encountered, so don't pretend your virtue protects you. I didn't always have money. My father is a carpenter, and I definitely took the time to write down every expense back when there was serious risk I might overdraft. However, I must apologize for phrasing my original comment too harshly. People don't deserve poverty, but what I meant was that they're at least partially responsible for their situation. As you rightfully point out, punishment certainly isn't the answer. (I certainly don't see overdraft fees as a sane punishment.) But payday lenders and the like aren't the solution either. The solution is helping everyone to get the necessary planning skills for the modern world through education. It'd be great and truly refreshing to see a bank which tried to do that (obviously they'd have to find a different business model than the usual). So, help people to learn to plan. Don't excuse not planning and the institutions (check-cashers, etc.) which enable it. The experience factor is huge here, and should be pinpointed. Being able to work in a non-academic environment is incredibly important, because honestly the pace and quality of technical work done in academic settings just isn't comparable. > "Companies hesitated to hire a Ph.D. with no industry experience" That, for me, would be the #1 red flag. How does one even go through getting a PhD without getting any industrial experience? Not a single internship, even as an undergraduate? This tells me that either the PhD literally can't code (and hence nobody even wanted them as an intern) or despises industry so much that they never wanted an internship (and hence I'd be pretty worried about how much they'd be committed to the new job). Sure, I don't doubt that's what they did. But that's not a counterargument to my point, which is that they chose to not once in (I'm guessing) 6+ years set foot outside academia. Even given unlimited research funding, to not once try working in industry (even during undergrad) betrays a worrying single-mindedness which I'd want to avoid in any technical hire. If all you do is proceed down one path, without ever trying anything else or being a little creative, I probably don't want you on my team. Nor will the vast majority of companies writing software. Hence why PhDs can't get jobs. There are way more of them than companies that actually need their expertise. Accurate, except it's not hiring managers who are making that miscalculation. By and large, hiring managers will see a PhD and be like "yay, give them an interview." Its the interview with an engineer where things break apart, because the engineer expects a PhD to be solving things the same way he would despite coming from totally different backgrounds. (This is born out in the OP's experience, as he got many interviews but few offers.) For once, hiring managers aren't to blame. As someone who lives in the Emirates, I have to object to the allegation of "slaves." This is not slavery. It's indentured servitude, which is definitely distressing but not quite of the same character. Most importantly, in the talks I've had with workers, the vast majority of them still are happy to have these jobs despite the conditions. They're paid an order of magnitude more than they make in Nepal and if you go to poor Nepalese villages you'll see entire families building new houses based on earnings from sons who went to work in the gulf. Finally, it's important to note that there's pretty drastic variation in how workers are treated in different firms. Certainly none have ideal working conditions, but the majority are legal and passable. It's the truly horrible ones which actually trigger government investigations (and, sadly enough, many of the worst firms are actually run by overseas businessmen.). Not at all. Almost none of them have enough to pay their recruitment or travel fees, so they fully understand that for a time all their wages will go towards that. I fail to see how retaining pay until a hiring debt is paid off isn't the very definition of indentured servitude. > It's not one of these trafficking situations where they've been told they've been found a nice domestic service job in the capital and they subsequently end up in an underground brothel in another country. Exactly. Honestly, it's very telling that the vast majority of migrant workers in the gulf are men. They're doing hard manual labor, in admittedly poor conditions, but that is by and large what they signed up for. > They have good reason to expect to have access to food and their post-deduction wages though. Agreed. And that's why the instances where they don't even receive that are so alarming and do trigger government investigations. > I'd expect it's common for them to be left unpaid or underpaid at the close. Unpaid, no. It's extremely rare for an employer to not pay anything ever. Underpaid, definitely—between extra "fees" and deductions, many workers end up with less than they expected (but still more than they'd make back home). > For a mere 20 year old, you sure speak with advanced lashings of ponce and confidence on subjects of which you know not. Having lived in the gulf and thoroughly read the human rights reports in the region, I'd wager I know a lot more about the situation than most HN commenters. But sure, go ahead an attack my age. Everyone knows ad hominem attacks are the best kind. Project list on Hacker League: https://www.hackerleague.org/hackathons/fall-2013-hackny-stu... Definitely a hoax, but I highly doubt it's phishing. Nothing they can really gain from it. All in good fun? I still don't think many "savvy entrepreneurs" would/should turn to reality television for VC, but glad this ridiculous term got removed. Any other VC who demanded equity just for a meeting would've been laughed out of town years ago. That's really not the case. I'm a regular on the hackathon circuit and it's extremely rare & frowned upon for people to start building before the hackathon. Plus, if you doubt it, peruse their GitHub's and you can see clear building. It depends on the project, but in my experience many (if not most) people end up making their repos public. As for finding them, I'll often just look up the hackers on GitHub and check if they have new repos. Though that's not always the case. I kept the repo for the hack I made this weekend ( http://socialsecurity.io — antivirus for Twitter) private because I'm commercializing some of the machine learning. There aren't really topics for a lot of the hackathons (including HackMIT). For the "themed" hackathons you'll know the topics at registration (ie. weeks/months beforehand). Somebody actually did just that at hackNY this fall: http://committing.jit.su/ I actually thought this article would be about the psychological impact of thinking about your time as money. Personally, I've noticed that knowing and internalizing my hourly rate has decreased my enjoyment of life. When you contemplate the opportunity cost of even an hour with friends (>$100) it's hard to have much fun. Has anyone encountered research on this topic? > Generally there is a reasonable limit on the number of billable hours you can have in a week and be productive. I actually haven't found this even when working about 80 hours a week (~60 externally billable). The key is splitting it between 3 things: 1 primary employer; smaller contracts; building my own startup. The variation in work definitely keeps things interesting and productive. Great point. I actually do deploy this technique fairly effectively, but solely as an "investment." Thus, I use money to buy time which I use to earn money. (For example, paying for my laundry to be done so that I have more time to work.) Obviously I still need to learn that increasing a random number in a bank balance doesn't actually affect my life at all. Depends on the exchange rate. $2000 doesn't go that far in NYC. You can certainly live on it, but you're not saving much and you're not living a fantastic lifestyle. I honestly don't understand why everyone hates recruiters so much. Yes, you say they're a "good problem" to have but how are they a problem at all? How much effort does it take to delete an email/message, especially if you automate it? I just don't understand the fuss. If anything, I enjoy the little ego boost every time I log in to LinkedIn and see another recruiter knocking. It's nice to be wanted. > People who are old enough will remember the same argument about e-mail spam I think that supports my point. Because when was the last time you actually saw spam in your inbox? > cold-calls from people looking up my phone number in DNS records even I actually kind of respect that. At least they took the effort to look up your domain and do a whois. In general, I reward recruiters who bother to visit my site (and use the contact info there) by actually reading what they send. I don't think that's quite right. Fox News encourages people not to think at all. Gladwell encourages people to think (the adjective thought-provoking is frequently applied to his work), even if his actual content isn't 100% true. Also, I don't think Gladwell ever completely lies. He certainly bends the truth, but he doesn't make up things on a whim like Fox. I'm a big fan moons, with planets as subnets. I'm surprised that there isn't a larger drop, and especially surprised that some neighborhoods have actually seen increased traffic. Anyone have an explanation for that? Guess it's time for me to redo mine: http://me.morgante.net/about I definitely sympathize with the tax burden component. Here in New York, I only end up taking home half what I'm paid which is especially frustrating for a contractor who could theoretically be working remotely. Cool tool, but the search interface could use a little work. Some sort of autocomplete would make it easier to find congressmen by name (I typed "Bernie Sanders" when I had to put in "Bernard Sanders"). I did a lot better than I expected, given that I'm a bit of an antisocial nerd. (27/36) I feel pretty stupid for taking so long to realize that this is an actual review of the DSM-5. Up until halfway through, I thought this was indeed a review of brilliantly executed satire in the form of the DSM. Though that itself could actually be a pretty interesting literary form... It is rather unfortunate how little correlation most tech interviews have with their respective jobs. It's largely a lose-lose situation for everyone. Developers who could easily build great systems but aren't experts in graph theory get passed over while brilliant mathematicians who can't necessarily code get hired. Result? Companies simultaneously having to fire employees while facing a supposed talent crunch. Given that this hurts everyone, how did we even get into this situation? Probably because the only person who doesn't lose from this is the interviewer: they get to have fun. Honestly, when you spend all day buried in code, it's fun to play with puzzles for a change. Perhaps it's time we started optimizing interviews for hiring success rather than interviewer happiness. I think (1) is probably the primary reason, along with the fun factor I mentioned above. But honestly, why can't we just start giving IQ tests? Or at least asking for SAT scores? We shouldn't have to run through training puzzles just to prove we're smart enough to build a site. > What kind of IQ tests? Math thinking? Language? Other? Both. They're not perfect, but I'm going to be picky and look for people who can generally reason well (both mathematically and verbally). > but that doesn't mean they can code. That's why you pair it with work samples. The ideal hire would be an impressive GitHub + evidence of intellect. The GitHub shows they have coding chops, while an IQ test usually means they can react quickly and learn new skills. > I would guess that there is actually significant overlap between these two groups. I wouldn't. Smart people get bored sitting around memorizing things. They'd rather be thinking. Purely anecdotally, the smartest people I know rarely have encyclopedic knowledge of anything. Start with a simple interview which simply checks that the person (a) has a brain; (b) is somebody you're comfortable working with. Then do a short-term contracting gig (maybe just 1 day). If it works well, hire them. Edit: clarify length which even the best people could do. I'd hope that by that point I'd have sold them on my company enough that they really thought it was better . Also, I don't think it needs to be a long gig. Maybe even just a day, which isn't much longer than the gauntlet of technical interviews some companies will put you through. Even that short period should be enough to see if someone works well. I'm fine with only hiring people who have done some work outside their workplace. If they're really great at programming, they have the drive to try new things outside work. Indeed, a couple good personal projects is probably the best predictor of skill you could find. (Skill and interest tend to be highly correlated.) I meant that mostly rhetorically in that I think that was a poor decision, or at least applied poorly. (Correct me if I'm wrong, but if you can show a high IQ is necessary for the job, isn't an IQ test acceptable?) Still, asking for SAT scores is still legal and they correlate decently with intelligence. > Which of those 5 do I give the short term contract gig to? So you're back to the same problem. Ideally, all of them. It's not hard to find a couple one-off tasks that you'd like to see done in a day. Or could could proceed sequentially until you find one whose work you like. FYI I think pg frowns on posting these, hence why you don't see them. Not sure where I saw that, but basically if everyone posted their app for review HN would be taken over. Sorry, but how is this necessary? Given the talent crunch, it's not exactly hard to find a job. (Recruiters are already too aggressive.) To be clear, this doesn't mean teens aren't using Facebook. It just means they don't call Facebook their "most important" social network. That's a huge difference: more teens are likely still using Facebook than Twitter, they just don't consider it their most important social network. This means Facebook has essentially reached utility status, which is reflected anecdotally in my life. It's replaced email for a generation. But that's arguably a fine place for them to be: if you own the entire backbone of people's communications, there's a lot of money to be made in that. You'll find a lot more teens who use Facebook but not Twitter than the inverse. To put it another way, if asked I'd say Hacker News is "more important" to me than Google Search. But Google definitely makes a lot more (potential) money off me. Yup. :) For one thing, HN doesn't really have any viable alternatives at this point. Google has plenty. I really feel for the Buffer team. They make an awesome product and it's hard to prevent things like this, especially when social media doesn't generally have great security right now. Though I don't want to be crass, I can't help but mention that I'm working on a project to help minimize the damage from these sorts of things. Would be interested in any feedback. ( http://socialsecurity.io ) At this point, they've disabled all sharing so you're probably okay. Just be extra vigilant until the issue is fully resolved. Definitely feel sorry for the Buffer team. They're great guys and built a great service—getting social media security right is hard. Though this does confirm that there's some value in my latest project of making your social media profiles more secure: http://socialsecurity.io Same here. My brain just works a lot better when it's cold. There's a purity to the winter which makes life so much simpler and, yes, even harsher—austerity can be a relief. (Maybe something to do with growing up in Vermont?) The big confusion is whether we're trying to measure the "tech sector" or the "startup sector." The former is likely a superset of the latter, and the latter possibly includes companies which aren't necessarily in the former. Should I be counted as part of the NYC tech sector? I'm working in a technical role at a media startup. Is that more or less techy than an office manager at a tech startup? Purely anecdotally, the tech scene in NYC still feels extremely intimate. It's easy to know/recognize a lot of people at any tech event. > Not that mongo is bad or anything this is just a good time to say it. To be clear, this breach had absolutely nothing to do with Mongo. It occurred via a web interface which could've been put in front of any hosted database. Up next: CircleCI customer announces data breach due to tokens accessed via the CircleCI breach (via the MongoHQ breach). > Meteor doesn't allow you to subscribe to the Mongo equivalent of "select player, score from results order by score desc limit 10" (last I checked anyway) And even if it did, well what if you want to see result 11-20 or the 10 best scores among your friends? That's actually all possible. Just write a good publisher which takes the number of results as an argument. All the sorting can happen on the backend and then you push down the x results. Sure, not as effortless as autopublish, but also no harder than in traditional apps. > I can say meteor will kill nodejs, but not Rails. It won't kill Node any more than Rails killed Ruby. I've used both and actually prefer Derby. They don't toss out Node (which the Meteor team did), thus making it easy to leverage the growing Node ecosystem. Also, I'm constantly left scratching my head as to why the Meteor team chose to make backend code synchronous. That being said, Meteor simply has a lot more developer talent (and money) behind it. Hence it's improving at a much faster rate than Derby. I don't get the point of this. Why would I include additional JS on the page just to add something to the developer console? To enable this, you're asking developers to add a meta tag. Given that the audience for this output is fellow developers, I'd think we're all capable of reading the meta tag directly without the need for an additional script. 5kb might not seem like much, but where speed is of importance every request counts and every byte matters. EDIT: Sorry if I seem too negative. It's a cool hack and I can see why it'd be fun to add to personal websites. Interesting idea, but I see 3 major problems: 1) Voting on each others work introduces perverse incentives when money is involved. It also potentially undermines the very spirit of community which Assembly is trying to capitalize on. Instead of having to judge each other a couple times a year (in a traditional peer review), we're constantly judging each other and thinking about how we'll be judged. 2) I think the 5% reward unfairly justifies the notion that ideas are worth something. They're worth maybe 1% (at most) of most startup success. Success comes from persistence, execution, and luck. Reaffirming the notion that "idea people" are worth much doesn't help anyone. 3) Big, boring, important tasks will likely never get accomplished due to the incentive structure. Every community member can only give one point to a contribution. ( https://assemblymade.com/help/profits#profits-2 ) So that massive implementation you made that laid the groundwork for the entire backend will only get 1 point from each other developer. (And the number of people in the particular "community" qualified enough to understand this kind of work isn't large enough for crowds to work well.) So instead people are incentivized to do lots of quick & simple front-endy tasks. All together, the politics of this really worry me. TokBox is one of the leaders in this space: http://tokbox.com/ That's all well and good, but couldn't even more net social utility be created by a better auction? This perpetuates generational wealth rather than giving an opportunity to someone who earned it for themselves. At the very least, couldn't you auction off a seat to adults? At least that would be people using their own money to buy themselves advantages rather than yet another example of parents buying significant advantages for their children. Maybe I'm just bitter because I'm 20 and my parents could never afford to pay $20,000. I don't see why you should purposefully give someone else whose parents could yet another advantage in life. PS. To put my money where my mouth is, I'd donate $1,000 of my own money to Watsi or another charity of your choice if it buys a seat. I don't think there's actually a difference in the two titles themselves, but rather in the kind of company which uses each title. A software developer at a small startup is likely doing similar work to a software engineer at a large corporation, but the software engineer gets the BigCorp bonus. New frameworks might make our work easier, but companies don't typically respond by employing fewer developers. Instead, they ask for bigger and larger projects. As for people actually learning to code, I don't actually think there's much risk of increased supply. The majority of people simply cannot think in the logical manner programming requires. They might learn a couple bits here and there, but they'll never be employed as engineers. (I've seen this myself with people who've taken months of classes—ask them to compute a program and they're still incapable.) Put simply, CS is hard. That's why, despite the general awesomeness of our careers, so few people major in it. ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/11/04/students-majoring-i... ) Anyone know about, or interested in starting, something like this in NYC? > They might do similar work, but I see software engineers as being accredited engineers, with that is a legal attachement to the title. My job title is "software engineer" and I don't have any accreditation to speak of. Such is the case with the vast majority of people with this title. Have you looked into StatsD support? At the very least, a backend for StatsD (to write into InfluxDB) would make adoption a lot easier. I also highly suggest you own more than one stock. 100% agree, but I think that shows how not all tech valuations are created equal. Airbnb and Evernote, for example, both make sense of me. They provide immense value to people (with obvious cash streams) and are not immediately replaceable. Meanwhile, I'd put Twitter and Path in with the Pets.com crew. > Easily hundreds of dollars a year worth of value. Easily. So naturally you'd pay hundreds of dollars a year for a subscription, right? Absolutely. If Twitter could successfully get people who derive real business value from it to pay (like how LinkedIn does), they can succeed. But unfortunately I don't think even most Twitter power users will pay. Even if brands will pay, it's a fundamentally different equation than LinkedIn's in that there are a lot more recruiters out there than brands. > 1 - PAY OUT LOWER SALARIES No self-respecting engineer should or would take $50/60k a year in the Bay Area (heck, most of the country). It's fine for founders to pay themselves that (and, indeed, they probably should) but asking employees to take that tiny salary for your dream is never going to fly. They're actually using InterviewStreet to do the testing, which supports a variety of languages (including a number of functional ones). Or that the link is for Amazon India . Techniques like this are only really used to sort through hiring pools with high signal:noise. > No idea how Herr Amtrix got on that leaderboard. Quite possibly from the HN link? It is Amazon India, after all. His research is definitely fascinating. Funny to see my CS professor pop up in here though. :) I think this campaign suffers from something of a branding problem in that "killer robots" theoretically includes human-controlled robots. They need to be extremely up-front that what they're opposed to is autonomous battlefield robots. From the title/link, I assumed they opposed all battlefield robots (like the ridiculous drone) crowd, which is an absurd and extreme position. Their actual position, of opposing autonomous robots, is a lot more sensible and should be their sole focus. I wonder what's the situation like for software developers and engineers? Equally dire, or would learning to program be a way out for them? > In my opinion, not everyone is able to code. Not because it's some sort of exclusive club but because being a programmer involves thinking differently to solve problems. Generally, I agree (having seen people who really can't do it continuously struggle through coding exercises). That being said, I'd be interested in hearing if people even try. Surely some could manage it. > Programming's not a panacea for everyone's problems, you know? Yes, I do. Obviously (and, from a selfish perspective, thankfully) not everyone is inclined or able to learn programming. I'm more interested in how counter-cyclical programming is. Does it allow you to weather a tough labor market, or are young developers seeing similar difficulties in Europe? Honestly, this actually sounds more like a bug than an instance of creepiness. From my understanding, it sounds like MightyText scrapes in your SMS messages and allows you to read/respond to them from their client. Looks like it just picked up old messages and accidentally thought they were unread. Otherwise, this isn't just run-of-the-mill tech company creepiness, it's fraud like the dating websites advertising "3 messages waiting for you." Original: http://www.businessinsider.com/sex-and-politics-at-google-it... Duh... honestly, what are you doing anywhere near Digital Ocean if you'd ever use 1234 as a password? I'd be very worried about a system like this in that it discourages preventative medicine, which is much more cost-effective on the long run. If people have a minimum copay, they're far more likely to hold off until treatment is urgent—and, thus, much more expensive. It's relevant to developers, in that some of what we do is tech-demos. Nicely done. Your demo at DemoDays was pretty cool ( http://demodays.co/ ). This graph of VC funding is probably the best evidence I know that we're not in a bubble: http://gigaom.com/2013/10/18/how-has-vc-funding-changed-sinc... Compared to the dot-com era, companies are raising negligible sums. Maybe you can get $2M for a failure, but you're not seeing pre-traction companies raising $300M. Similarly, every IPO we've seen has been of a company which actually has real value. Facebook is already profitable and Twitter is seeing real revenue. Even the Snapchats of the world have a lot more going for them than their dot-com cousins: people actually use them. Talk about niche... I really don't get the desire to (solely) "express their moments alone." Articles like this are proof that there isn't a bubble. The defining characteristic of bubbles is irrational exuberance—everyone feeling that the sky is the limit. Instead, we have an environment where articles like this come out on a regular basis and I probably hear "when this bubble pops" daily. Everyone is afraid that we're in a bubble. So we're probably not in one. Be greedy when others are cautious. Since the pundits are cautious, it's probably a good time to invest. Despite knowing this to be true, I still actively trade the majority of my investments. (My retirement fund is in low-cost index funds.) Why? Because I like playing the lottery with stocks. On average, I might do slightly worse than the market but I retain the potential for massive, life-changing upside. And that's really all that matters to me. If I put $100,000 into index funds I might reasonably expect that to be worth $108,000 next year. That would literally not change my lifestyle at all, as it's approximately equivalent to accepting 1 or 2 extra short contracting gigs. If I put $100,000 into stocks I personally pick, I might unreasonably expect it to be worth $1,000,000 next year. That would definitely change my lifestyle. I can also reasonably expect it to be worth $0, which I'm fine with considering I'm young and gainfully employed. I just don't see the problem with buying stocks as lottery tickets whose expected value is 1.03% (sub-market) but whose potential value is 1000%. > I think that people blame the ads for the performance and experience issues And they're right. Ads slow things down, especially because many ad networks are still using archaic JavaScript. (Lots of document.write...) You're definitely using the wrong metric to assess how much JavaScript is used. Look at total weight, not total requests. Just because a site combines and minifies its libraries doesn't mean its not using them. As for why publishers use more JavaScript than tech companies, it comes down to the amount of technical talent. Maybe 10% of a digital publisher's employees work on the tech team, as opposed to ~50% for a tech company. Given these resource constraints, JavaScript requests proliferate due to two reasons: 1. With less time, engineers turn to external libraries more often to get things done even when they could address the problem with less code if they wrote it themselves. 2. We can't necessarily spend the time to tune everything and combine/minify libraries for peak performance. That being said, I'm sorry performance sucks. I'm working on it. Can anyone recommend good tools for analyzing performance bottlenecks on the web? > - The gigs compound: in 9 years, it's 2-4, and in 18, 4-8 per year. Ideally, my hourly rate also increases, though perhaps not exponentially. Still, I really meant the gigs purely as a comparison point... even $16,000 after 9 years isn't much of a lifestyle difference. > Hmm, if you can reasonably expect to gamble away $100k without much worrying, congratulations, and also this article probably wasn't' written with you mind. I'd actually argue that a good number of people with $100k savings could easily lose it without much worry because if you're able to save up that kind of money you probably already have a good enough job to replenish your savings after a few years. Wow, that's awesome. I only wish I had anywhere near that capacity. Unfortunately, I think my developer mindset actually makes physical hacking a lot harder due to 2 phenomena: 1. Code is cheap. Materials are not. I'm used to being able to churn out additional code with basically no cost to get things done, not to repurposing existing code (this is different from refactoring to abstractions). 2. Laziness is a quality in software development, but a major obstacle in physical development. I'll quickly abandon physical projects because I can't find an optimally efficient hack to finish things in minimal time. > When i was taking my first programming related class, algorithms, the teacher told us we were like architechts, there shouldnt be errors/failures. Is it accepted for them to say: whoops building fell, guess i'll rebuild it? That's an absolutely terrible approach to software development. You can test a program as many times as you want before releasing it, but there's no equivalent iterative process for making a house. If you develop with that attitude, you'll never get anything of real value done. After all, "le mieux est l'ennemi du bien." Yes. > Tools and equipment: It seems that the roommate did not use a lot of them. You can buy the best electronic screwdriver but you can also very often achieve the same result with a cheap screwdriver or even a kitchen knife. But the point is only that he only had one door. No room for trying it, breaking the door, and then trying again (your door is broken). Coding is the opposite: you get infinite retries. > For me digging deep into some code base, grepping the docs, reading some code in language I am not familiar with or that I dislike is exhausting, mentally and physically. I actually sweat a lot doing that, and it is the kind of sweat that stinks. Doing some woodwork is often less tiring, and the sweat it produces does not smell that bad. I envy you. I love everything on a computer (and never exhausting). Doing anything physical makes me completely miserable (possibly because I'm in terrible shape). To follow the logic of this article, it could just as easily be titled "the fair price of gold is zero." Gold billion has no value as a monetary instrument. But obviously it, like Bitcoin, has value as a unit of account because it is scarce. Because the New York post is definitely a reliable source. This is a totally nonsensical post. If you're not friends with the person, the ability to write a small post about it isn't going to change that. If you are friends with them, then the lack of a message doesn't matter. As for following up after conferences and such, the proper protocol is an email. LinkedIn is networking. > It's a removed form though. In person networking is far superior. Agreed. Honestly, I wasn't even familiar with the idea that someone would even consider adding someone on LinkedIn who they hadn't already met in person. LinkedIn is just a useful addition to that in person meeting. This is a joke, right? One thing I don't understand about long-term unemployment is why you wouldn't immediately start freelancing if you couldn't find a job. Start a company, take occasional contracts, and list that on your resume. Boom, no employment gap. Can someone explain why people don't just do that instead of complaining about "discrimination?" Heck, I myself would never hire someone who had been unemployed for a year and lacked the ability to either get a job or start their own thing. Maybe I wasn't clear. This doesn't have to be a real company in the sense that it actually generates profit. All you need to do is file for DBA and start accepting really low-paid gigs off a site like elancer. And yes, you can literally just snap your fingers to get those. The point is you're not starting the company to actually succeed. You're just starting it to list something besides unemployment on your resume and hence get a real job. > In 30 years, there's a good chance that you won't be using any of the technology that you're using today. Spend the next 20 years doing the same technology in a big company and you might find yourself with a big problem. I don't doubt that it'd be different technology. But why would I not evolve? I'm constantly learning new languages and techniques through side projects. People who aren't constantly pushing themselves to learn more probably should get left behind. This is why I just write everything in ISO_8601. My fellow Americans (excluding my CS colleagues) might think it's a little odd, but there's no room for confusion. Well, at least he admits he's an idiot. Fun idea! I just signed up with an old domain, hope someone else might have the time to do something hilarious with it. Sorry, but I just don't see what was unclear about the original conditional. Anyone with a basic grasp of logic could parse it instantly. As for the refactoring, that might be a good choice (I myself prefer positive boolean methods) but it's not a logic lesson. This is really ridiculous. I used to have some sympathy for their cause—through no fault of their own, they're being priced out of their neighborhood. But the point where they start physically attacking employees is the point where they lose any respect. Employees aren't trying to get them evicted. Heck, at least they're taking shared transit instead of private limousines. Sorry, but they've reduced themselves to common hoodlums and should be treated as such. No evictions? Evict every person who participated in a violent attack on their neighbors. What are the police doing in that video? Shouldn't they be arresting protestors for blocking traffic? I particularly enjoyed the insinuation that tech employees are living among and extensively using prostitutes. > They? Only one of the protest groups did anything, the other groups have just been protesting. I don't think it's reasonable for everyone to drop support for these guys because of a couple of assholes. But the other group also condoned the actions of the hoodlums and declined to disagree with their tactics. One of the SF organizers declined to condemn violent protest and said it was "understandable that people are angry." http://pando.com/2013/12/20/breaking-protesters-attack-googl... > As a New Yorker, this surprised me too. Tech companies should consider supporting the budgets of the SFPD et al. Seriously. NYPD would be all over them blocking traffic and breaking windows. This title is hyperbolic linkbait and should probably be changed. From skimming the paper, the only real flaw that seems broadly applicable is in autofill features which I'm not sure 1Password even has. Those intuitively seem like a bad idea and are easy to disable. I very specifically used the word "condone" because it's meaning generally is around failing to stop or disagree with unacceptable actions. Criminals can't, for example, condone crime—rather, they participate in it. Its police who condone it by standing by. Likewise, leaders of a protest movement have to specifically say that violence is an unacceptable tool in their movement. (See MLK.) The other protestors didn't remain silent. They were interviewed and given the chance to respond to the violence of the other protestors and deliberately phrased their responses so as to not condemn violence. > Consider: you're either with us or you're with the terrorists. But wait, what if I'm not with either of you? What then? Perhaps you're a Muslim cleric, or one of the many people who simultaneously condemn terrorism and American foreign policy. Right, and that default should probably be changed. But that doesn't justify this clickbait title which is simply untrue as nowhere in the report does it say that passwords are shared "everywhere." Yes it is. They literally threw a rock at the window, shattering glass all over. That could easily have hurt an employee. Interesting article, especially since I always assumed that having an uncommon name is beneficial. I'm "morgante" virtually everywhere and people tend to remember my name pretty easily. There has to be some benefit to that. On the other hand, it definitely seems like we could be looking at an instance of correlation. My educated, left-wing parents chose a fairly unusual name and that also reflects how they raise me. So it's hard to disassociate any of my name from my upbringing in deciding any impact on life outcomes. Probably the best studies in this are the ones comparing siblings, but even those are susceptible to third variables (perhaps second children are more likely to get a common name, and are certainly raised differently).