Doing an employee transfer to Canada is like playing a lotterey. My past employers had documents returned to them 4 times in a row for: 1. assumed type (s vs z); 2. unclear signature; 3. ESDC called them, but they missed the call; 4. person's passport was about to expire. The regulations never mentioned anything about this. The other interesting thing was omnipresent FTTT, even in rotting, century old barracks Most of business schools are a graveyards for talent IMNHO. I've heard many comments that are confirmed by my own experience that bright people enter business schools to spent few years of their life to learn very few useful skill, most of which can be learned in a month by reading "... for Dummies" style book. www.vansky.com =D But better fly to Shenzhen and go network around during property sale evenents It will be hard. Zurich only issued 17000 long term work permits last year as I remember. Most of that goes to science talent in big mncs like Ciba From my own experience, I tell you that you must. Work for a failed start-up is a black mark on a resume. It is better to quit and portray your work there as a short-term gig Another opportunity is Fribourg. IT companies there were historically more open to Eastern Europeans, but you should expect them to be high-tier outsourcing shops. Fiy, i recently came upon this company http://m.imgur.com/Hv9n7fk,55JgdgK that wants to sell ETH to Chinese. I checked the company registry, and found out that the guy has registered a proprietorship back in 2013. Apparently a friend of Vitalik >CockroachBD What a name NLP in Russian stands for "NeuroLinguistic Programming" (of gullible masses, of course) I began my career in a company called Yamin in Singapore that had a refurbished electronics business. At first, I was shocked that Americans can throw away 1 year old and even half year old goods in the dumpster. In 2.5, years time I managed to make enought money of my commission selling refurbished cellphones to Russia through Alibaba to move to Canada and enrol into college. I believe it was Apple who pressured Alibaba to prohibit listing of wholesale refurbished electronics. It would've been too unsetting for Apple's images as a luxury brand to let people realize that somebody remarkets truckloads of used ifones from dumpsters every day. Refurbished iPhones were a killer business: 1. A less than a year old phone with a defect (dumped by end users, Honhai, Apple's QC contractors) was sold for 20 to 30 USD; 2. Re-equiping a phone without charger, driver disk, or retail box did costs less than one dollar; 3. "Out-of-dumpster" phones, cleaned, and sorted by the level of "brokennes" were sold wholesale for around $50-60 USD a kilogramm; 4. "Recovered" ifones (bought out by recyclers from end users) were sold from 50 to 200 USD depending on level of wear; 5. A "full-service" that includes change of all external casing parts to new, non-original ones, reflashing, new battery, resoldered clean ports, new memory chip for phones with failing or degraded NAND flash, and bubble-wrap packaging did cost around 10 to 15 USD for small quantity orders; 6. A phone refitted to market grade A2 (identical to a phone from assembly line with less than 3 non-original parts) can be sold for up to $300 a piece. Things that The West can learn from The East: Russia/Eastern Europe: 1. Free-for-all, mixed zoning. You own the land, build whatever you want as long as it's not a munitions factory (Most of Russia, Kazakhstan) 2. Market driven, privatized public transit (Most of Eastern Europe) 3. Small city blocks that let throught traffic. 4. Market controlled access to distric heating/cooling (Yakutsk an extreme example of privatized district level utilities) 5. Higher standards for building's energy efficiency (adopted across the former Soviet block) 6. Learn how to build decent "serially produced" housing for cheap (Ekaterinburg) 7. More traffic light controlled "turn right on red" signals - an easy way to increase traffic thoughtput by double digits (former Soviet block countries) Asia: 1. learn how to build cities that are dense, but still livable (Hongkong, Singapore, Macau, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Tokyo) 2. Better construction technology and materials. MgO board, light/cellular concretes, thermal stops in slabs, automated, computerized armature prefabrication, etc (Most of People Republic if China, South Korea, Russian Far East) 3. Bus rapid transit, and how to make cheap public transport really work (Guangzhou) 4. Traffic laws that are two-wheeler friendly (Taipei, whole of Japan) 5. Public daycare and early primary education (Tokyo) 6. "Public housing for regular people" (Hongkong, Singapore) 7. Incentivize people to buy smaller cars, or use transit (Tokyo) 8. Double deck, or multi leve streets (Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Chicago) >Engineering a full city from the group up sounds good but the majority of the people using the city are, well, people. People change Astana is a good example of this type of a designer city Green arrow is an additional traffic light signal that lets right turn on red. It is usually computer controlled in big Russian cities The problem is this slows the traffic in urban areas. A simple radar controlled signal solves this When the armature for the building is being prefabricated with a milimetre level precision by a CNC metalworking machine, and than assembled on site like lego. This is to minimize the amount of on-site metalwork Moscow, "a success city"... =D And yes, it is an SUV His cofounder is better to hire a good CFPA attorney before it's too late. Microsoft caters more to business and OEMs than to anythybody else. Consumer market is largely irrelevant to them. Why you sell your stuff this way, you need a good salesman. Yes, Microsoft is "uncool", but it doesn't matter to them Facebook.com, talk.google.com. A well engineered messaging protocol. I also believe it's used by automatic toll collection machines. Meizu and Bubugao roll updates weekly We need nuclear desalination and district heating Google polypropylene piping. A standard in continental Europe since eighties, added to building codes across NA just few years ago. Just use AGPL and dont bother That was a bad move, now they will be even more daring In Russia, we had people running in between desks with stacks of floppy disks and flash drives up until mid 200\ I would go after all and every license violator of any code I wrote. If Google tomorrow messes up with my code in the Kernel, I care not if they have to discontinue Android overnight. And yes, they did lobby for GPL2 Kernel. Now eat it. MopPub, AdMob - on overall they give more money than PPC networks on the web. Downside - the mobile is squirming with cheating/clickfrauding publishers, if you get banned or suspended it is "guilty until proven innocent" Oppo, BBK, Bubugao, Vivo, Oneplus are the same company PRC is a single party state. Once an order is signed, it's being done. So much for a lossy taxi company I live in Moscow, the shortest eTaxi ride costs less than USD $2 - less than what I paid for a bus ride while living in Vancouver Good luck enforcing an dmca on a website code vs a foreign company. The court history of such cases is rather funny. From cases thrown out of the court, to unenforceable defaults >leaving me looking for a new job while on a work permit as a single mother of three Uh... qq+weixin > facebook many times over even without considering that fb casually lies about the number of active users they have > From ordinary users, nobody cares about the web platform on mobile. Native apps are faster > All iPhone apps are web apps (C) S. Jobs ヽ( ´¬`)ノ > From ordinary users, nobody cares about the web platform on mobile. Native apps are faster > All iPhone apps are web apps (C) S. Jobs ヽ( ´¬`)ノ Ceramic ifone that shatters 10 times easier than a glass one? What is RethinkDB? loooool Ever seen an action cam called SJ Cam? It looks like an exact copy of gopro camera. Why do you think they don't sue the manufacturer? The answer is that they are their original OEM from whom they were buying rebranded products and sold them as hero cameras 1 and 2. They never signed any kind of agreement securing exclusive rights to the design. At the time they wanted to build their next generation cam from scratch, they were unnable to do anything with the fact that SJCam continued selling the original design. Not only small companies buy off-the shelf designs. Not even biggest brands shy of from banal rebranding: probably more than a half of all notebook designs are off-the-shelf design house products. Who sold Apple the reference design for the first ifone? It was Taiwanese ODM "First International Computer," and they are trying hard to conceal that fact as it will set their "designed by Apple in california" line in bad light. If somebody had access to the repair manual for the first iphone, they could've seen many references to the ODM and individual factories making sub-assemblies. Thanks, get your 50 roubles NY Times got it wrong. Chechnya was squirming with journalists through whole nineties. Most likely killers were KGB remnants. KGB conceded the media battle over Chechnya in English speaking world very early. But what they didn't like was that these journalists were revealing Russians and Russian speakers what has really happened in Chechnya. None of murdered journalists were critical of Chechens. Why would Chechens kill them? Think. the reason it failed abd the guy got fried was simple if state company records were kept off-site on a computer, it will make quiet ledger rigging and stealing from state companies harder. That would be outrageous for every commie as every commie was stealing cash from the state one way or another. I know, but I don't have it here >Why we chose Vue.js Why? This is how Russians hacked social media accounts and public emails of British MPs last year. It is assumed that they procured IMSI IDs of MPs from open sources (databases of gaming companies (this why Google lets apps to read your IMSI) or advertising cookie brokers). Then, they used Russian cell phone networks to announce a “Roaming transfer” of their phone numbers from BT to them and then used an “SMS login” and password recovery from their Snapchats/Twitters/Whattsups. Once they logged into them, it is believed that they downloaded past conversations and other data through synchronisation APIs. Back then, Google only confirmed that they did sent a recovery SMS to one account, but hackers didn’t manage to answer a security question. This probably deterred them from attempting to try the same trick on Google accounts of other MPs whose numbers they pwned, or maybe Googlers simply made that up to cover their asses. Amazingly, many cell operators don’t check the digital signature on roaming requests, nor require the roaming counter-parties to pass them through. They do that if: 1. You don't log in from a first world IP (the terminology from their user operations team), but previous logins were from them. 2. You registered from an IP in a country where they don't have access to sending SMS, but they go to a country where they have. 3. Bot detection algo flagged you, and bot detection algo are one of their crown jewels that they don't tell to support people. >It allows them to be sure that a subscriber is only using one phone at once Only on home network, everybody who knows your IMSI and have low level access to phone network can clone your identity in roaming. >$30/GB Some European operators still have cheaper roaming data plans who will give me 600m for lolgifs? I have few stacks of floppies full of them register from a voip phone number and continue getting bonus rides, some people here in Russia are riding like that for months My personal experience with Le people. Overall impression: incompetent people with truckloads of cash; well, just like any other company that managed to secure a dominant position in any market niche in China. In their case it was "Chinese soap operas on demand". My girlfriend was offered a "personal secretary" position in their Russian office. Amazingly, they appointed a Chinese C-level for their Russian office who does't speak any foreign language at all. Weighting all pros, and cons, I dissuaded her from taking it and never regretted my decision. So what do they want to push in Russia? The same Chinese soap operas, but with computer translated Russian subtitles. They ran a ~50-70 people operation in Russia for close to a year, just to invite tons of market entry consultants, make a single landing page, and do a 1 few weeks trial run of their Russian website. >The Chinese government gives approximately 0 shits about Hong Kong's silly foreign ideas That's why it must be crushed and CCP members' families flayed alive before them. A full scale airborne landing from Japan and Korea on Beijing. Finish them! What concerns the HK situation. There are only 4, possibly 3 proper military garrisons in immediate vicinity of HK. Only one hosts a modern and trained mechanised force. In case of mainlanders pulling the trigger, striking that garrison before forces stationed there will be mobilised will leave PLA with nothing that can strike on day one other than lightly equipped forces on machine gun equipped apcs/armoured cars. This will leave defenders with three threats on day one: guys with assault rifles trying to swim across from the new territories, air bombardment and assault from sea. Air attacks are inefficient in densely built up areas with reinforced concrete buildings. One can simply run into any multi-storey concrete building to hide, anything below a 1 tonne bomb can't outright destroy it. The naval landing will remain a threat. Yes, even if PLAN will send disembarked ship crews alone without marines it will be enough to outnumber defenders and overwhelm them without use of heavy weaponry. PLAN does train ship crews to double as a landing force. The likeliness of Beijing ordering the navy to capture HK using what ever means possible, at any cost is high if their land forces will be rendered impotent. The above scenario of disembarked crews being used as a land force was simulated in recent military exercises. Here, a third force intervention is definitely needed to prevent this outcome. With a cooperation of the defenders and a third party, HK will be able to stand for 3 days for sure. High displacement ships (read a big frigate sized and above) can't navigate close to the shore all around HK island except for the West Lamma Channel between Lamma and HK island. A capable pilot familiar with local hydrography can get close to land in the region of Shek O village, but the likeliness of that is low and the locations is strategically unfavourable for naval landing. This leaves the control of waters south to Bluff Head as the main concern. There, scuttled civilian ships can be used to block access to the Lamma channel and provide radar clutter to disable enemy long range anti ship weapons. A defender allied ship, can then hide in the channel behind the cover of scuttled ships to prevent landing from smaller crafts. >The Dictator's Handbook Author shows poor understanding of real world politics and cheap writing. The type of people who read such books are ones who read The Prince and believe themselves politically educated. Nya nya nya;) Ma tried to get to the West with B2C really really hard, but only got burned with the 10 Main fad store, a wasted office lease, and around $100m. wasted on online ads alone. Interestingly, their biggest operation abroad is in Russia, where they spent zero on ads. And Singapore as well before they turned from a city state to a city offshore bank. They exploited their WTO membership. Most of operations were ran like that: company imports loose goods from China at few pennies, and puts in "value" into them, most of the times just packaging with writing in English that was supposed to "cost" few dollars each, but of course the packaging was made in China for less than a penny each. This also allowed the Sg intermediary to claim expense on the stuff, reducing effective tax to single digits. Those were golden times. >underpaid Chinese workers in Italy or France Believe me or no. Italian effective tax rate for a factory business is less than that in China. Most Italian shoe and fashion goods factories in Italy are owned by Chinese these days. You can't win against clickfarmers and clickbait networks. No machine learning will save you from botters as the lion share of commercial botters live in a country from which most of the math research behind machine learning is coming from. In Russia, few people will start an advertising network startup in their sane mind, commercial scale clickfraud, farming, and botting give an order of magnitude higher returns. The term "Internet marketing business" is used mostly as an euphemerism for all of the aforesaid here. When I was living there in 2014, I made a guess that 1/3 of Coal Harbor appartments were unoccupied or unsold by counting dark windows. My guesstimates were not far from what the city hall counted in 2015. B.T.W. I'm no longer living in Vancouver Another thing about Vancouver is the staggering amount of brand new real estate being unsold for years. Every developer thinks that one day there will be a naive Chindonesian/Eastern European nouveau riche that will buy it no matter the cost. And yes, such people were coming in great numbers >gang of Russians under severe financial control Lol, what does it mean: under control until the guy opens an account under a fake id Feels like a yet another storage startup in making Aiming up to be bought by EMC in two years or so Today we have quad core socs for $4 retail. Your estimates are off. Cost per wafer is $5k for orders of 10k at 14nm. Profits of a fab always hover around 30 percents. >primary purpose of the web property," Clickfarm like other 9 out of 10 news websites Well, I wish Googlers luck. Clickfarmers, botters, and runners of industrialised clickbait networks will always be a step ahead of them. Whitehat anti-botting people are a mirror image of people who develop and sell "anti-virus" software. Not only they have a profit motive to do their shıtty job poorly, they are simply not in the same class intellectually >requires signing an NDA and spending anywhere from a few hundred to to a few thousand for a development kit. >Some of this is because the manufacturer considers the information to be proprietary and also because they not setup to support large numbers design teams No, it is what is called a pain sales tactic. You make a person to go through big pain, spend lots of resources just to get a devkit, so they would not be inclined to throw it out midproject because it sucks Wow, something that is actually useful came out of that neural network thing at Google Let's wait for Linux Millenium Edition No it isn't. A better way to state that: "Is jQuery omnipresent now? Yes. Will jQuery earn you as much money as on the peak of first gen webapps craze? No, totally no" I myself was earning CAD $90k just in plain salary at the time when jQuery craze was on its peak and when "a dedicated front-end developer" meant a jQuery developer Honestly saying, I had no realisation how shitty my code was back then, and now I feel ridiculous when I realise how much a bad dev can earn as long as he does something considered "trendy" Blatant violation of the First Sale doctrine. Class action lawsuit incoming in 3..2.. >it could dump US debt for Euro debt — a radical move, but one that would gain a lot of attention Well, most people don’t know, but China’s SAFE foreign offices were buying very rarely used securities called bond substitution swaptions with foreign currency re-factoring option against T-bills (the best English translation I can come up with) since 2008. What this paper lets the buyer to sell the T-Bill for Euro cash value of an equivalent Eurobonds if the T-Bill goes up, or swap if for equivalent Eurobonds if T-Bill value goes down. Given that such securities are not publicly traded, China gets exceptionally bad price for them as financial instruments, but gains much in peace of mind in case of T-Bill nuclear scenario. I have no data on how much these swaptions they purchase, but many people say that the current Eurobond valuation anomaly may be due to SAFE moving the market from behind the curtain. >never use your main Google, or Facebook, account for anything, not even buying a Google made phone, or buying Facebook ads for your own company, just never ever do that, so that at the very least, the pain is spread. Be easy :) . I have 6 facebook accs for 5 of which I forgot passwords, 4 google accs out of which 3 got permalocked because sms confirmations simply never go through to half of Russian numbers, and I think 5 Paypal accounts all of which got blocked because "hey, you are the guy whom we blocked last year! you dared to register again? unforgivable!" Yes, don't keep things online, you will be better off agile and agilers suck Oh my, are they still around? I was one of the volunteers on the team back in 2006. Well, the Chinese median income is double that of Russia though They don't. That's the trick well, allegedly somebody sold Putin's own bank accounts in Cyprus on blackhack a year ago Is it now a yet another pizza delivery/haircut scheduling app? Really, you should try that. You will make more money than on those "food anthropologist" thingies. ------- Ouch, -18? Are you downvoting me with your whole team? how many gigabits connection uou need to watch one? how many gigabits connection uou need to watch one? well, both still loose to budget app hostings if you count only cost Well, Intel has a "product management disease" - when orders for new development come from Ivy league schooled management doctrinaires, and not obvious demands of the market. All American semi companies I know suffer this, and that's why Chinese eat their lunch. >Eric Eelliot The guy has a trolling black belt And yet, naive western people are registering for wechat in their packloads, uploading all their personal data for commie chairmen to see Was Trump born in America? I heard he is a German spy scrap zoning what is electron? Countries with no zoning are living just fine Countries following a rule "you own the land, use it whatever way you like" are living just fine as well Organise an army, go to Westminster, kill your enemies, done. This is a proven, working way. java hello world will not fit even into a 10 gigagate chip >Wow. An app store for FPGA IPs I see people making video transcoder instances on day 1, and MPEGLA bankrupting Amazoners with lawsuits on day 2 there are "encrypted" hdls, but encrypted no more than dvd discs. Find a right irc channel and ask for keys The biggest ever industrialised clickfarm/clickbait ring I've heard of was making around 100m in revenue in 2009, but they had thousands of "affiliates" In Russia, all high official positions are up for sale. Posts are bought and sold. The amount of money he spent to amass this much during that short career, must've been even bigger. >Can a simplistic malware fraud generate half "Surprise" billionaires are popping out of Eastern Europe/Israel/Russia/Russian concessions every year. The guy who ran ebanners/advmaker was said to have lost $1.3bn when Cyprus seized deposits. Before he filed the case against the bank, nobody ever knew of the guy. They are very good at hiding cash. All those dumb banking AML rules are kinda useless as the easiest way to launder money is to run your own bank. Just back in 2013, ads for sale of "1 day banks" in UK/Ireland/Delaware/Cyprus were openly published in Russia's number 1 business magazine. >What is this, I've never heard of it? Are there significant benefits? Nobody to block your transfer and freeze your accounts simply for the reason you look suspicious and you are suddenly transfering a 10 digit sum to a *stan country. And even if a higher tier bank with whom your own bank has a correspondent account will bother to intervene (which is highy, highly unlikely), you and your moneys will already be far away from the sphere of influence of the civilised world thanks to the fact that transaction settlement is nearly 100% automated and instantaneous for top tier banks. My gut feeling is that the next few Enrons will be from the valley Moreover that, quite a few people actively exploit that and "drive themselves" for profit. A guy has 2 phones with different Uber accounts: driver, and passenger. He hails himself, and immediately picks up a hail from himself from his driver account. At some times, the rate for a ride is less than the driver payout as Uber subsidises rides from time to time. Another schemes are when people exploit "first ride free" and referral bonuses. All of this refers to rather casual cheating, done by non-technically literate people to offset the cost of their own driving or supplementing their normal income from Ubering. People who do Uber frauding professionally are in the different league. These are the guys whom engx is referring. >No society in the world operates this way. But Russia does >If they get any narrower there wouldnt be any room for cars. Americans like gigantic cars. They need to make them smaller, like in Japan >Yes, congestion for cars might go up. If you do not use cars, car congestion goes down >Broadway is already narrow. Seventh not so much, but car traffic there can frequently be as bad as foot traffic. I'm not sure what a good answer would be. Add second floor above the road. And on top of it, a third floor. >Part of the problem is a lack of alleys, so delivery trucks have to park in the street and block traffic. There are walled-off backyards and "gardens" within big blocks. Just make them open Ah, they need to add a second floor to this street It does not seem dense to me. Just a great lack or rationality in city management. There are downtowns around the world that are denser than lower Manhattan, but are still better. I have yet to see a single DT Manhattan denizen in my professional circle who does not subsist solely on Chinese takeout and phone order pizza (sarcasm:) >A society run like you imply, would soon collapse. Yes, and it did >Once there's a single HTTP resource on the page, HTTPS means a whole lot less, hence the scary warnings. More like if there is a single line of 3rd party code. >Chrome no longer allows opening of pop-ups during inputs which represent a touch scroll, such as touchstart and touchmove. Wow. I remember, people were complaining that Google were the only major ad network company that did not forbid onthouch* code in ads, and on that has picked a principled stance on allowing them. I hope, it will force them to clean up more of Angular bugs 9 out 10 VC are in red, that's it Google has chosen a wise stance on adblock: "they are not a threat, so we don't bother" (while it is, and they spare no effort to get precise stats in how much ads is blocked and where.) This alone was shutting down the conversation that adblock is threatening the market for long 10 years since industry people and sharehokders started raising the red flag. Now, when everybody downstrean, including publishers, realised just how much money they loose to blocking and started talking openly about it, the genie is out of the bottle I doubt that big ad networks will touch this. Bot detection relies on intrusive/borderline malware code. It was not unheard of ad companies probing, say, 0-day buffer overflows in browsers just to uncover botters. >Machine Zone Good day in Smolensk. Try playing in Russian unwinable casino Death by pivot Microsoft is so uncool I remember from my work in an ad startup revjet. On one meeting we had a typical discussion with ops guys: - "why wouldn't we optimise our hardware utilisation by doing things a, b, and c." - "hardware is crap cheap these days. If you need more capacity, just throw more servers at that" - "is $24k a month in new servers crap cheap by your measure?" - "comparatively to the amount of how much money these servers will make the same month, it is crap cheap. It is just a little less than an annual cost of mid-tier software dev in Russian office. We account only 12% increase in our revenue due to algorithmic improvements and almost 80 to more traffic we handle. A new server pays back the same month, and you and other devs pay off only in 2 years" This pretty much summarises the viewpoint of a typical "big dot com ops manager" on hardware these days Yes, if you want to run TCP/IP on it. But if you have bucks for it, it takes just a little bit more cash to get rid of packet IO altogether, and the network stack overhead along with it. >196.62.32.0/20 They are not in true ad fraud. Those guys are not in PPV, but in counter stuffing and "viralizing". They are former ebanners/ advmaker and cyberonix/telemaster ad fraud detection people. Their ops model is this: they sell promo service for content producers; after upfront cost producers pay comission from monetisation revenue. Clickfarm workers should unionise... Their usual pay is around 5 USD per hour here in Russia Aah, they were doing it for the last 10 years or so. People who are serious into botting have software that basicaly runs the browser in a vm. The level of programming skill in the "industrial scale botting" community is high. Top tier botters can easily get into +$100k club if they were doing whitehat stuff. >What are you referring to with the "whitehat stuff" to get in the 100k+ (/day) club? Bot detection, ad auditing, antifraud systems >What are you referring to with the "whitehat stuff" to get in the 100k+ (/day) club? Bot detection, ad auditing, antifraud systems >I've noticed that a lot of the feedback on AliExpress comes from Russia, Eastern European countries, and the assorted former Soviet Union satellite states. Do you know why it is so popular there? Is it a lack of local web shops? 1. All those ex-commie nations have high double digit VAT and import tarifs. 2. Western brands do not contest for that market 3. Those guys had no other choice other than buying Chinese goods since the fall of the Soviet bloc. What has changed now is that they can buy from China without middlemen $27.4 per mwh is as cheap as buring raw crude in Saudi Arabia. Math: 1 BOE is 1.7 MW/h Cost of getting 1 barrel out from the oilfield with all infrastructure costs amortized: $6 Accrued logistics costs to get the oil from the oilfield to the power station + powerplant operation cost/per unit of power: $8 Per BOE cost: $14 Cost per MW/h of generated electricity assuming 30% conversion efficiency (SA is a hot place): $14/1.7/.30 = $27.5 >flying cars Is Larry going to be the first billionaire mental asylim patient? I imagine my fridge showing me ads. 10 years ago, an idea that online ads will be put into offline software seemed ridiculous, but now that admob cr@p is being put into every piece of 'begware' >Who wins in a nuclear war? The one who attacks first alt+tab it Alibabers will kill the company, they have no talent running western style dotcoms you criticize people screwing up. it is right thing to do and all blogs they own turned into turdballs Well I had an impression that Alibaba was a party to the deal. It appears, they aren't One word: LONDON Out of all "leaks" it is by far outnumbered by companies openly advertising transfer services. Work around DT Shanghai and you will see them everywhere, and one right to a procurator's office. This is what comes out of Google allowing apps to read phone IMEI in Android. I have no concrete proof, but the reason why all major Chinese apps snoop after phone IMEI is said to be that the commies have secretly demanded Chinese dotcoms to collect and report phone IMEIs. For example if you have a 6.0 or later Android, Alibaba app will block you if you disabled the permission to read IMEI or it detects spoofing. https://postimg.org/image/m5u0nmdxd/ It is easy to see how they also use it for their own purposes: open a new taobao account, search for some items, do factory reset, install taobao and see that you are being shown same stuff you been searching before. This way they also clearly violate Google store rules that prohibit using IMEIs as tracking IDs for marketing purposes. It was reported over so many times, and Google clearly knows of this. I guess, they are afraid of antagonising "the premier Chinese dotcom" or still considering going back to China. How much do they pay for a post these days? appears that they put it into that now Systemd is an init written by a terminal stage architectural astronaut I don't like how they begin it with an attack on GPG Funny story behind the line of Chinese React clones: the original goal of development was to make react work with ie6-9 (pirated winxp still is the "Default OS" here), but it came out that most of Chinese React forks are even less ie friendly than the original. They are trying to say that an intentionally placed backdoor is not a backdoor? ha ha Ask ten people to write a hello world in js, and they all will do it, and do it the exactly same way - this is great for a production language. On that point, JS is as good as C/Cxx The downside - ask 10 people for an example of proper use of advanced oop in js, and out of these 10 you will get 5 passible anwers all of which will be drastically different - horrid thing for production I feel it will go the way of Data8 Rates on freelancing websites were sky high for every non-western country (plus, you don't need pay tax on income from abroad), but people tend to die, age, or move on from development. This is in part a reflection of normal demograpgic trends. Freelancer rates were rising for the last 10y He did damn good job! Guardian did good, now it will stirr things up. Now, even if WhatsAppers will disable retransmission, the amount of flame on the topic will ensure that they are labelled as backdoored until the end of days. WhatsApp, please go down It does not depends on a threat model. It works like that: a company sysadmins's being given a rubberhose cryptoanalysis until he compromises company's server. Than, all of that 1bn user r pwned. No company is immune from that: google lost data to a sysadmin who was blackmailed in 2012, facebook regularly fires staff for snooping on users, etc It does not depends on a threat model. It works like that: a company sysadmins's being given a rubberhose cryptoanalysis until he compromises company's server. Than, all of that 1bn user r pwned. No company is immune from that: google lost data to a sysadmin who was blackmailed in 2012, facebook regularly fires staff for snooping on users, etc if a company can snoop your messages on an "encrypted" channel, it is a vulnurability. silly lamer if Whatsapp can snoop on user conversations, their app is not a secure medium of communication. It has a security hole. IT IS INSECURE if Whatsapp can snoop on user conversations, their app is not a secure medium of communication >Matthew Green, Bruce Schneier, Matt Blaze, Steve Checkoway, Chris Palmer, Dave Adrian, Bart Preneel, Jonathan Zdziarski, Steve Bellovin, and Emin Gür Sirer. Some assorted bloggers and amateur cryptographers with big mouths and no serious crypto/math background like whom probably you are. Their opinion worth not. Panasonic RZ6 - 18 hours battery life, i7 (not a real "U" series one, though), 18 hours idle battery life >refer to an "encryption vulnerability" and "security flaw". These are s, as the letter explains in detail. Referrence to a clear demonstration of a security vulburability in the protocol as a lie, is a demonstrably false statement How unethical is this, for this group of so-so around sensationalist bloggers led by Zeynep Tufekci (tptacek?) whom I would not dare to call real cryptography specialists (and this is whom they are in my eyes, none of them is a person with a worthy math/crypto research background) to solicit opinions of reputable bodies on this crypto hole, and then twist and editorialize all of that to suit their message that this crypto hole is not a crypto hole Aerospike was the last piece of software that impressed me with both benchmark scores and architecture being so well done that I can't find any comparison in the distributed db class. I really want to use it in production, but what scares me is its association with Redhat. The tastiest cookie in the jar - cross dc replication is already paywalled. I'm afraid it will further go through the route of becoming begware, premiumware, or "consultanthiringware" that software out of Redhat's shop tend to become over the time. Hohoho, i wrote a paper on the Chinese credit crunch: "the illusion of wealth" during my college years in 2011. I presented it in a class full of kids of rich Chinese expats studying at BCIT back then, and I was laughed off even by an instructor who was a brilliant mind, and had a very anti-red political stance. Two years later, an Econ proff from UBC asked me for a reprint permission. Now, i have randoms buzzing me quite often just to get to know if i had some "behind the scene" knowledge. What surprised me the most was that my former classmate introduced me to her father (a rather rich Chinese businessman), as "the most smart guy in the class" and pretty much tried to drag me into his company. Now I work in China, but not with them. Yes, that's true. Shenzhen real estate prices are closing on that of Manhattan's when you talk about urban centres. It is also the most expensive city to live in in China (again, true only for urban centres. Suburbs are still livable). These two things together made the cost of doing business here prohibitive, unless your business is not real estate speculation. Local electronics businesses closing one after another. The famed Shanzhai garage companies fared even worse than established businesses. There not a single one left now. They died to phenomenal brain drain levels, costs, market saturation, US an EU domestic consumption going down, and people leaving for "cheaper and easier live abroad" I totally agree, I'm a weird case of a greedy guy who moved to Vancouver for its moneys (and most of its moneys are Chinese, and to lesser extent Indian). When Chinese moneys in Vancouver were not enough for me anymore, I went to China for even more of Chinese moneys. Life is weird. Did they block pr0n there? Trophy white C-level ran away You dont understand an ironic joke here Americans? When will you fight and kill them? >The days of legally-enforced privacy are at best numbered, if not gone completely. Well, if not other legal means left, you have other options. You happy Americans can buy guns legally, and "right to revolution" is pretty much written in your constitution. I'm not a product manager. From my experience there are 2 types of product managers, and people got into these 2 types in 2 different way. 1. Former project manager gets product manager title as a symbolic promotion 2. A marketing guy simply begins calling himself as one. Well, marketing guys like to change their titles to whatever position is now trendy. On the 1st type: no problem with those. A good project manager always knows what the project is about, so he knows the product by default even if managing product features is outside his ordination. America needs a new civil war to reset the political establishment that went beyond the point of no return. All of that was everyday reality for people outside of the first world countries long before internet was a thing. 1. Flats turned into mini hotels - existed since first highrise appartments started appearing in 3rd world countries 2. Carpooling - old as the world. In smaller Russian cities, people absolutely don't mind driving strangers around for a symbolic sum. In "good ol times" people used to do it for free. 3. Food devilery - phone order pizzas anyone? I remember first internet groceries started at around 1998, and they catered to really rich demographic living in far off suburbs ($30 just for the delivery fee, a daily income of a well off family back in 1998), but later internet only ones started to be displaced by existing grocery chains 4. "Microcommerce" - I don't know why Americans classify just selling anything with an app as such and why it is anything special 5. Regional same day delivery couriers - same story 6. Alibaba thing - classifieds in a newspaper? All what Americans call the "sharing economy" or "economy 2.0" was what 80% of small business was about outside of the "developed countries" All that machine learning stuff is pretty much useless against human generated fake profiles, just like captcha is useless against human captcha solvers. I mean in Russia America needs a civil war to get its " " together, to wipe out the political establishment that has gone beyond the point of no return Guys you just don't know how much bathing-in-lard rich and powerful countries went from what they were into world's """" in the blink of an eye. All because rich, talented, endowed do not accept, do not admit that if they don't do something all what was dear to them will be no more tomorrow. Once the establishment recognizes that the only way for them to not to be hold accountable for a crime is to hold to the power at all cost, there is no return. Putine and former KGB schmucks usurp the power because the alternative to that is to get a one way ticket to Hague. Islam Karimov - the Uzbek dictator will do everything to extend his reign just for one more second, as he has nowhere to go if he gets deposed. An alternative to ruling the country until he dies for him is to end up like Gaddafi. Bibi Netanyahu - also sticks to power at the cost of his dignity and the dignity of his nation. He will refer to whatever political maneuvering and extreme populism as the alternative to that is jail. Sisi of Egypt - for him, loss of power will mean to join his predecessor in a court room. He is willing to execute 500+ people with firing squads and on gallows, just to curtail any chance of the situation slipping out of his hands. Whe whole bureaucratic apparatus and nomenkulatura of Chinese Communist Party - I have never seen people whose existence, whose life process can be described so wholely by the word "parasitism". Life of extreme privelege from birth just for knowing ten or so lines of Marxist texts and having a right daddy. Their kids don't even know names of car brands cheaper than Ferrari. Loss of even tiniest amount of political authority for them, means that their appetites for high life will be reduced to sane levels and that means by 100 times or so. Of course they are willing to kill to prevent that. African dictators - same story, but squared and cubed. For a Tyrant - political power is like heroin. Addiction from first dose. The only alternative to waiting till such guys dies of age, or waiting for the country to become so ###* up that the dictator cant pay his bodyguards is to take proactive actions and stop him before he solidifies his power. The only way to stop such person is to kill. This is historically proven. A patriot will sacrifice his house, money, property, family, wife, children, position in society, friends for his country. Those who are not willing to readily abandon all of that without hesitation, are not patriots. Once a pattern of political tyrany is established, the country is done for. The death will either fast or long and painful. Either civil war happens and everything is destroyed, or the institutes of a nation rot to the point the country is no more and a 3 storey mansion in it can be bough for half of Canadian median salary. What has happened in Syria once first shots were fired: Wise rich men dumped every piece of property and ran away fully aware of what will happen. As the aforesaid happened, Syrian pound value began to close on 0. This already ment that in a country with debased economy, you can't buy a cheap laptop even if you sell a whole house let alone buying a plane ticket out of the country. From that point, all ordinary people without huge sums of foreign currency are, basically speaking, doomed. And ownership of foreign currencies was already pretty much outlawed long before the conflict. To prevent the state currency value hitting that of toilet paper, the tyrant prohibits immigration from the country so people would not dump Syrian pound. Import of goods is outlawed for regular people. The last scraps of pound value was spent to import guns. At that point, the general population is screwed the second time. They know, the alternative to "ending it all in one go" does not exist anymore. Now, half of the population are drifting from city to city, backpacking. The few mentally adequate aides of the tyrant leave the country as the last people with significant reserves of foreign currency. Now, the only guys fighting for the dictator are equally desperate people: thugs recruited from the lowest of the low, including criminals (shabihi). Now, a mayor of your town is yesterday's mafioso that was making money racketeering. No commercial activity has any meaning now. If whatever you have left have no value, you are screwed, but now you are screwed even more because you can't make any more money at all. You just get a bullet in the forehead, and the city mayor steals your goods and food like in a some dumb zombie apocalypse videogame. All what is left after this point is either to fight, or to die. And most likely, you will be forced to fight. Either at gun point for the government, or for rebels as not fighting will be deemed as a show of loyalty to one side or another. At this stage, even becoming an ISISian will look a good deal just to regain a glimpse of past ordinary life. Would you like to end like that because you just don't want to loose your job, or be socially ostracized? Your past ordinary life already has a set expiration date whether you will decide to cling on it or not, it will be no more. I saw quite a few formerly esteemed people from Syria, and even one former Syrian googler: a bank C-level, a family of a huge shopping mall owner, few people who ran IT outsourcing businesses. Whomever you see coming to the West on rights of human beings, and not refugees are guys like these. And even they have to backpack in hostels with their families. The banker even showed a sport bag full of Syrian pound stacks. He said that he hoped that if the pound will regain even 1/20th of it past value, he can at least buy a new set of clothes for his family. +1 to that guy, even if it is a PR move Heh, I myself was a very quiet internet persona for most of my life, though I've been on the internet for longer than I remember myself as an adult (my parents first got a dsl in 1998). The last two years though... I've been personally affected by Canada quietly denying renewing work permits to a hundred or so Russian nationals and I began to turn way more emotional in internet conversations since then. When I was a child, I was of no high opinion of 30+ plus adult men with families wasting time on vain talks in place where their opinion mean nothing. Now, I myself will soon become one of them. How ironic. Oh, thats why my hdmi splitter goes down every time on vimeo Firefox is useless now. The only way to save it is to disolve mofo The definition of terrorism - is what attorney general define it as on a whim. Just like in USSR - where the dictionary definition of communism and 20 other *isms was changed and amended every year Rather too much for somebody who once subsisted on stealing sugar, soap and sausages from American humanitarian aid to USSR. A man of such calibre making The Free World standing on its toes tells more of how politicaly weak the Western bloc became, than of him being a significant threat. >North Korea launching a weapon of mass destruction on anyone on this planet This will mean that China has ordered them to do that. It will not happen in any other way. What so secret that guy could have disclosed? That Kaspersky writes the "ware?" and has more devs writing it than their poopy AV programs? That was hardly a secret for god knows how many years. >I feel guilty continuing to charge for the many, many >hours of investigation without producing anything....it's >just making me feel incompetent and thieving. Continue billing, be transparent, tell them you are doing work on a substantial, non-trivial issue >Does it mean infrastructure is getting built at a high-quality level, GDP per capita is rising, life expectancy is increasing, quality of life is increasing, and so on? So was in USSR, and how it fared, you know. Open a subsidiary in a country with no-nonsence tax law, (i.e. Singapore.) Bill/pay from it. From real world experience: 1. Buy an emergency satellite connection - completely illegal, but hey. All and every major company in China has one. 2. Try to look for a place in Shenzhen. It will be your best bet to get a private fibre connection beyound a network exchange where GFW is set up. A counterexample here - Angular. I think, it is slowly becoming a piece of abandondware exactly because of Google's influence and backing. Angular 1 was a framework, Angular 2 was a piece of a religious writing that people developed to pad their resumes. Patents give monopoly rights on inventions. Monopolies are bad. Was it less than a year? A "China suprise" syndrome I guess There is no such thing as a market price for a lithium battery. Even standard sized cells are far from a tradeable commodity. Things like double digit subsidies and grants for eco-* stuffs in China and EU distort the picture. What it means is that biggest Chinese EV makers with big enough GR-office can get cells for 20% of what is a wholesale price for Western buyer. Chinese complain that 2kw/h battery packs for scooters cost $400 retail. They probably don't know how much they cost in US. Well, at least it was made public that he was detainend. 9 out of 10 times, a foreigner just disappears tracelessly like that: https://www.reddit.com/r/shenzhen/comments/5vvvdv/father_mis... No, it is npm I don't think it does. It does take over former angular 1 mindshare thanks to effectively botched angular 2, while at the same time being eaten by Vue. Who in his right mind buys original kcups? I was buying Chinese ones since i first bought keurig set back in 2011 Offtopic: I dated a girl who programmed ICBM guidance blocks from Russia :) I'm so proud of this fact :) In 1988, 64 percent of Engineers were women in USSR