That would be super frustrating. Is there just no recourse for sites like this? I assume they are hosted overseas, but do hosts not respond at all to complaints? I would be curious what variance of load would be required for this type of auto scaling to be worth the time vs just putting your own bare metal in a colocation facility or leasing dedicated boxes. The price performance is so much higher on dedicated. Or for that matter, using reserved instances instead of scaling with spot prices. That is my experience as a technical cofounder. If your partners don't have the marketing or sales chops, you will live in a constant world of blame where they are waiting on you to complete the product. If only you could figure out how to do that last big feature, we could sell it... This customer says they will buy if it can do this... I think this is a very common refrain in small startups. If the business side can't sell it, it must be that the product isn't good enough yet. Unless you own 100% of a company, it isn't really ethical to give yourself a discount or freebies. And wouldn't be legal unless handled correctly with the tax man. Even hedge funds aren't zero sum. They receive dividends on the investments they hold which is a return that is not zero sum. Of course, the more active a fund is, the farther it gets from zero sum, but it would never be fully zero sum. Additionally, financial services overall are far from zero sum. There is a great deal of efficiency and market lubrication created by financial services and if you exclude the high frequency traders, you leave a huge majority that is still quite beneficial to people on both sides of the transaction. No, I didn't say there are exceptions. I said MOST financial services are NOT zero sum. The zero sum ones are the exception. I'm grateful there are people out there willing to push past what is "allowed" by review boards and regulatory agencies. Some of the data provided may be dubious, but if it weren't for unsafe, seat of the pants DIYers out there willing to take risks, I think we would be in a much less advanced world. That might not be the case if it weren't for all the fakes dragging prices down. Same reason a 32GB iphone costs hundreds more for the next level of storage. And why 64gb is pretty much the largest offering. 64gb isn't enough? Pay for more icloud storage. Yet you can buy a 128gb sd card for $30. I wish that image included La Danta at El Mirador in Guatemala. It is possibly the 2nd largest by volume after the one in Cholula. Although because neither are excavated, there seems to be disagreement on which is larger. An 8 hour work week is definitely something I can get behind. People don't like to hear it, but some of the biggest perpetrators were lower level employees at mortgage mills that were lying on mortgage applications and putting false information on them to get them approved. While in some cases it may be that the executives were specifically instructing employees to lie on this way, most likely they were just being far too overzealous and putting too much pressure on the employees. Additionally, people who lied on their mortgage applications were also to blame. Then of course at the top on the securities side, there were those that knew about these shady practices but went ahead anyway. So ya, some execs should be on jail probably, but even more low level sales guys and sub prime borrowers should as well. Yes, I have. But I think the job never running at all is the problem I am trying to avoid. If the cron didn't fire or if the entire command just failed, or if maybe the server was offline when the cron was supposed to fire, a check after the job is finished would never happen. Yes, he doesn't invest in indexes himself, but it isn't just for the little people. He recommends it for his family. The big secret to Buffet's success is not his picking ability, it is his management ability and good business sense. Yes, of course he does pick to an extent, but he also buys large enough positions to sit on the board and install the right people to make things happen. He also uses his already large portfolio to help create opportunities between the companies he owns. It's unlikely even Buffet himself could replicate his initial stock picking success over a long period of time and he would be the first to admit that. It previously came through the MWS order API. My custom order management software would pick it up. So you could only get it if you have a professional account. However, I believe that amazon has discontinued the practice of giving out phone numbers as of early 2014 to sellers due to some idiot sellers harassing their customers. But if you have someone's name and address, there is a decent change you can find it by googling their name. Especially if they have a land line. edit: Yes, I also logged in just now and it does in fact show phone numbers. Not sure why I stopped picking them up through the api. They may have changed the field name. Also, it is strange that there are multiple complaints about not being able to see buyer phone numbers any longer in the seller forums. I think maybe they went away for a time and are back. Feel free to email me at derek (-at-) stonebrookdesigns.com You can bring it on the Ola E if you bought it in the airport. So you can't take a bottle of water through security check, but you can take a note 7. Except Sam was the real deal. Even after he had hundreds of stores, he flew himself around in a single engine Cessna to check up and work with his managers. When they had annual corporate meetings with all the executives and managers, everyone received a box of walmart deli fried chicken for lunch. The culture was always to save on frivolity and pass the savings on. Even today, corporate headquarters are rather spartan. Mostly inside old converted store buildings. First thing to note here is that the IRS does not care about what states your offices are in or whether you have a physical presence or not in those states. If the accounting firm told you this, I would seek a second opinion from an individual, but skilled and experienced CPA. The IRS is only concerned with federal taxes. They do not deal with any individual state laws. Second, if it is a pure SaaS product, I am yet to see anyone anywhere in the US charging sales tax. Most states specifically do not tax services which includes SaaS. This article breaks down a few... http://blog.taxjar.com/saas-sales-tax/ You will note that there are some that require taxes and if you have employees in some of those states, you might take a look. Thirdly, as an example, the laws in the state of California state that if a certain percentage of your work force are in the state, then you would need to register and file income taxes in that state. I had a US based SaaS startup with remote employees in multiple and firms were always trying to raise concerns about how we needed to file income tax in every state we did business. It would have been an enormous undertaking and is just not necessary. Lastly, you probably do not have enough presence in the US to be considered having a tax nexus. My unofficial advice is don't worry about it. Accountants are like attorneys in that they are very conservative in the advice they give. No one is going to come after a small company like yours for not paying a portion of your income to their state because you have 2 or 3 remote employees there. The IRS is not going to try to get you to pay income tax if you don't have a big presence in the US. There is a 99.9% chance you will never be contacted by any of these agencies. And if you are, the worst that will happen is they will review your situation and try to get you to pay back taxes. After which you can hire a good firm to negotiate that away or down considerably. The IRS and especially state governments have very little jurisdiction on entities based outside the US. Things may change in the future, but for now, there is very little specific law on the books that would obviously require that you start filing and paying taxes all over the US. We went with a synthetic crystal/man made diamond that is simply beautiful and was cheaper than a moissanite yet is quite a bit closer to the fire and refraction index. The key is to spend the money on the band. The quickest trick that jewelers use to spot a fake is a cheap band. No one puts an expensive diamond in a cheap plated band. We had a custom platinum and 14k yellow gold band with pave diamonds and it is stunning. My wife gets compliments literally daily. I am quite confident that even a professional jeweler or gemologist would not be able to tell with the naked eye that this is not a real diamond. Add to that, the majority of the cost for the band was the raw materials which we paid spot price for. You could literally melt it down and get most of the value out of it. Additionally the companies that sell the higher end synthetics offer lifetime warranties and in our case, even a replacement for a lost stone with a deductible. I've never seen a finished well take much land at all. For most 600 acre sections of land, even multiple wells on that land would take up an acre or two at most. Fracking itself takes more space just to bring in the equipment and water tanks. But after it is fracked, at most there is a "christmas tree" and a few water tanks. As for the extra space for fracking, most states require returning the land back to how it was before after the few month process of fracking is done. But then of course, that license is only valid while you are a student. So after the class, you might as well have just pirated it since either way, you are breaking the license. Exactly. I don't need a 3d printer to build my own cable driven wrist actuator. I just need to print a beefed up version of that weak hinge you included because you spent so much time building a fancy 3d model in solidworks that you forgot to test your final creation in real world conditions. You aren't aware of the common refrain in academia, "snitches get stitches"? He says that, but the way he explains it, it sounds like they just didn't have an overdraft limit on his account. To me, there isn't much difference in doing what he did and grabbing a handful of money out of an open cash register because no one is watching it. Now if he got a letter in the mail saying they had extended him a huge loan, that would be different. Sounds to me like this guy never really took responsibility for his actions. He seems to be trying to justify his actions by calling it a loan, but I've never heard of a loan where the bank tells you that you can just start over drafting your account and let it go negative, then pay us back later. In the case of hyperinflation, it doesn't matter much. When cash on hand loses half it's value in a month on a regular basis, virtually no one will keep more cash than is needed for purchases and will spend all of it the day they are paid if possible. I believe this practice is no longer allowed. But of course is still happening. I actually think it is a very good idea for most. I have plenty of money but I generally sweep most into various accounts and keep a minimal amount in my checking. On occasion things will miss and I might write a bad check. If the bank doesn't cover it, then you could accidentally write a hot check, which can actually be a felony. So I am happy to pay the bank $35 for my mistake on occasion if not just to avoid the possibility of someone turning my bad check in to the prosecutor. I use it in occasion but have never really thought of it as a line of credit because there is no interest, rather a flat $35 fee. I find it to be useful. Sometimes I miss a deposit and one of my checks takes me in the negative. The overdraft protection keeps me from bouncing a check, which is a crime and you can have a warrant issued for your arrest. Are you sure about that? Do you have an example of someone getting prosecuted for posting security footage of someone breaking into their own home? Not a chance, whe there the footage is the front porch or the bathroom. It's all about expectation of privacy. You are not protected from invasion of privacy in a public place, because there is no expectation of privacy there. And I expect a jury would also find that there is no expectation of privacy when you break into someones home and use the bathroom or steal their phone/camera and take it to your own home. The fact that you lump the EU into one statement seems to indicate that you don't really know what you are talking about. In the UK it is explicitly legal to take photographs of people in public places without their permission as long as the act can not be construed as harassment (which is similar here). But I don't know about the many other countries in the EU, I suspect they all have their own laws as well. But I think the model has already been proven out with many millions of miles driven and very few accidents. The tech is here. It isn't mainstream, but it is here and it is better than humans in most conditions. Easy to see why quark lost. In design had full color, on screen layout with pictures while quark had this ugly, difficult to use mess that put boxes with Xs in them denote where your picture would be and had some weird feature to show a terrible reproduction of the image like a rendering that had poor performance and may have been black and white only if I can remember correctly. This was long after wysiwyg editing was extremely common place in consumer software. Well if you say so, it must be true. You do realize that he is talking about terminology for the general public? The names you are suggesting are just terrible. They don't sound good and are not even close to widely understood terms (no offense intended). Perhaps you are not a native English speaker? Ya, these prices that you see politicians touting are from the cheapest providers and hmo only. In the Los Angeles area, the closest gp was an hour away with a 30 day lead time to get an appointment if you go with the budget plan. For those that don't know, in an hmo, you have to go see your gp for a referral for everything. In grown tonail, go to gp when you know he will refer you to a podiatrist. With a ppo, you can go directly to the specialist. But ppo under aca are the "premium" plans. Silicon valley does not offer 9x the salary though. You also have to add into that the fact that almost everything is in fact more expensive in SV. Not 9x more, but groceries are nearly double what they would be in the midwest. Restaurants are more than double for similar quality. So the other living expenses being the same would not be the case I think. I like mailgun, but I am having a devil of a time with them sending to MSN and aol addresses. Basically 0 deliverability. And their tech support is going on 4 days without looking at my ticket. But maybe it's not their fault. Thanks, that will be a useful tool. I use f.lux. Cuts out most of the blue spectrum. But being a night owl is not the only reason I get more done. No one bothers me at midnight. No one calls or texts or emails. I'm left to my own thoughts. Add to that the fact that people have been describing themselves as night owls since before electric lighting was invented, I don't think that is a full explanation. I have total blackout curtains in my rooms. My circadian rhythm has no idea if it's 12 noon or 12 midnight. I don't think anything magical happens to make it unhealthy for me to wake up at 9 am Pacific time vs 9am eastern. If you exclude the position of the sun, then what bearing would chronology have? As long as you are on a consistent cycle with sufficient sleep, it wouldn't make any sense to think your body cares either way. To say otherwise would deduce that moving from one time zone to another forever puts you at odds with your circadian rhythm. I really like the site and the simplicity of your offering. What has been your main strategy for customer acquisition? I am always interested with a general use product like that what the best approach is. And how do you like drift? I ended up going with intercom with my site, but I like drift as well. Ya, I really don't see how they can justify displaying other people's content. They did the work, but they don't get the clicks or ad revenue or even a chance to keep the user on the site. I wonder how Google would like it if someone launched a site that when you search, it doesn't display results from its own database, but perhaps just a selection of the best results from Google. But is there really a small cohort of CRT nostalgics out there? I mean I get the records, the sound is unique and music is absolutely ubiquitous. Arcade gaming is a much smaller market and I find it hard to imagine that there are enough CRT purists out there to warrant a business. Especially considering a nice new OLED could be fashioned to look like a CRT. Let me just add my two cents, having gone both routes. The mantra you will hear all day long is exactly that... Wouldn't you rather have a smaller piece of a huge pie than a big piece of a small pie? But I would urge you to weigh things out. That first 7% is just the beginning. They will urge you to hire the best and brightest, time is of the essence. They will tell you not to worry about money, more VC money will flow. And then you find yourself with a big payroll and the need to raise another round, and then another, and then another. Before you know it, you've built the $100 million business you always wanted, but you aren't in charge any more and you own maybe 10 percent. Dilution happens faster than you realize. (Unless your growth is off the charts and you can negotiate amazing terms because VCs are falling over themselves to give you money, ala facebook.) At that point the question becomes, would you rather have a hundred percent of a $10 million business or 10 percent of a $100m business? I sure as heck would rather own all of the smaller business. You don't go to the board to ask for a raise, you don't hope for a liquidity event so you can get rich one day. You don't waste time trying to convince investors that you will succeed. You control your destiny. But to each his own. Maybe you would never be able to get to that $10m on your own. And maybe you would rather be known as the founder of something big. Nothing wrong with that. Just know that the headaches and distractions of going the VC route are legion. Thanks very much. That clarifies things for me. I had read in their literature that being able to send to lots of devices was one of the reasons, but doing so in your own code is not difficult. But after searching around the web to find out how, I am seeing a lot of people with inconsistent errors and bugs with their code, so I think that answers my question. I would also add that it appears SNS offers analytics on delivery rates for push notifications. Which I didn't think was possible since the Apple API doesn't seem to respond back with success or fail. You would think so, but taking into account fees, there are actually ZERO funds that beat the market over a 30 year period. You can research this on morningstar. Maybe there are some super secret private funds out there that beat the market over the long period (Madoff's fund was one of them). So ya, you would think they wouldn't stay in business, but marketing and complexity is powerful. Their best trick is to hold a ton of funds in their portfolio then show you the ones that have had a good run the last 10 years. Then of course a different ten in a few years. Hold enough assets in enough configurations and of course you will have some winners over shorter periods of time. But good luck guessing which ones. It is a trillion dollar industry but not for beating the market. It's for the fees they charge on assets under management. Why is amazon fighting this? There must be something more to the "good faith effort" than just that. What harm is there is offering the job to locals? If they aren't qualified, you don't hire them. And if they are, you hire them and are happy to have a local employee. It's almost that simple in the US if your situation is that simple. What happens in NZ if you make $400 selling vintage cabbage patch dolls on eBay? What if you earned $1k in returns on your investment account? What if you are renting your place out on Airbnb? If all you have is a simple income in the US, then the 1040ez is a single page and you can file it for free online if you make under a certain amount. You can pay a few dollars to file online if you make more. Obamacare has added an extra level of complexity now, but that is also very simple if you don't need or want the subsidy. But would you pay him $1,000 to do it? At some point, you would do it yourself. I think when people say they add no value, what they mean is, they don't add $35k of value on a $500k home purchase. Because you could hire a lawyer for a flat thousand bucks easily. Real estate agent is going to take 7 percent of the sale. So you get more qualified for way less money on most cases. Yes. They are a "tech" company. It's not breaking the law it's "disrupting". See Uber, Airbnb, etc. They're not screwing investors, they're "failing fast". It of course doesn't have hedge funds, which are black box. And Renaissance is the "blackest". I find it suspicious that the only funds with long term performance that "beats the market" are unpublished and secret. Madoff's fund was on of the few that beat the market consistently too. Ya, it definitely happens. But if the company didn't need to move on to raise more money (probably the biggest argument for YC is that it will be easier to raise more), I would question whether YC was really necessary in the first place. Was YC the only place you could have raised $100k? And if you were able to do it by raising only 100k, perhaps you could have done it without their money. The point isn't that the paper costs more water to print. The point is that drinking water is such a tiny miniscule part of water usage that it is ridiculous to waste time on it. It's all just for show so politicians can pretend they are doing something when they really should be regulating agricultural usage. The water used to water lawns, fill bathtubs, flush toilets, and shower with is less than 10% of water usage. So the drinking water you didn't drink from your glass is a fraction of a percent of that 10%. You would probably serve the public good more by encouraging them to drink water by putting it out by default. Thus increasing water intake and decreasing sugary drink consumption. Just subpoena it? Under what authority? Amazon is WA based. Unless there is some sort of physical Nexus in MI, how do you enforce a subpoena? MI state police can't show up at Amazon headquarters and start siezing assets, it doesn't work that way. It's not Amazon's problem that it's customers aren't following state law. And MI has no authority to require an outside company to comply any more than they could force Alibaba to collect MI state sales tax. Note that I don't know if Amazon has facilities in MI or not, but there are plenty of states where they dont. It's complicated but it's been solved already. There are already services that keep the tax tables up to date and issue the funds to the respective districts for a small fee. Amazon will use one of these services like everyone else will. So you either don't buy much online, buy only from one place (that can provide a nice end of year report), or hire a bookkeeper to keep track of it, because the burden of calculating use tax otherwise would be extremely high. So are you saying that you log all of your online purchases, filtering out those that already witholdings tax and remit use tax? Because for me, the burden of keeping track of that would be rather high. That's nothing. Try setting up a booth at a union staffed convention center. You can pay for electricity, but there is a separate fee for "plugging in" your device. It must be done by a licensed union electrician. No, I don't mean some special equipment with some wiring involved. I mean if you plug in your phone charger with a union electrician, he will still come out, unplug, replug it in, then charge you $65. Gotta round up to the nearest hour of course. On any individual product, Amazon makes more when they sell it, most likely. But the point is, that there are way more products sold by 3rd party than within Amazon. So in aggregate, they make more on 3p. Hmm, I've never heard that definition. Maybe "cloud hosting". But in general, "cloud" software just means hosted somewhere else and usually accessed via a browser or mobile app rather than with a local install. And that's why the individual Walton's are usually on the list. They usually occupy around 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th places. Usually they have other lists that include illegitimate wealth like drug dealers or royal families or corrupt politicians. And now evidence the the WSJ faked snapshots of videos to prove that ads were showing on offensive content: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lM49MmzrCNc Oh yes, time the market... That works so well for so many. If you have already submitted a sample, you will get a report. Since 23andme maps your whole genome, they simply compare the existing data as new finding are approved. OR if you are like some and signed up early before the FDA crackdown, you already got all this information and now they are just reappearing little by little. I don't understand why twitch can't easily nip this in the bud? I assume to comment you have to be a logged in user. Simply throttle comments per account and put tighter throttling on newer accounts. Am I missing something? I think the point for many is not a net money saved but a reshaping of the cost curve. I am ok spending a lot farther down the road to transfer everything off of AWS if I can spend almost nothing now. Because as a small business or startup, I don't have money now. But if I grow to the point that AWS becomes too expensive I can assume that I will have more money at that time so the cost of switching will hopefully not be too painful. That's because you or whoever setup your contract prepaid for the electrical plug in. A union electrician came and plugged in that power strip before you got there and added the $65 to your overall bill. The most frustrating part as a seller on Amazon is that they are taking severe action against sellers that receive complaints. I just got through a month long process of getting my account reopened after a suspension. All it took was a few complaints from a vindictive competitor. While they are harrasing long time sellers with years of positive feedback, they allow Indian and Chinese sellers to open accounts way faster than they can be closed for selling counterfeits. The model from the perspective of the counterfeiters is easy. Simply open an account, sell as much counterfeit goods as you can then get closed down due to complaints. Amazon then holds your money for 90 days in order to pay for any returns that may show up, but a good percentage of buyers will never know any better or won't bother to return. At the end of the 90 days, you collect the money that is left. In the mean time, you can open several seller accounts to keep the process rolling. If a part time Amazon seller can see exactly what is happening. There is no way that at least middle management at Amazon doesn't know exactly what is going on and that they are profiting immensely from it. Many scam sellers are extremely obvious. Why would Amazon allow Indian sellers to list hundreds of American textbooks for sale that ship from Amazon? The most frustrating part is to be harrassed incessantly by the half wits in their "seller quality" department when all this is going on. But haven't you heard the VC driven truth that it takes one woman 9 months to make a baby... But 9 women can make a baby in one month. I would argue that productivity would increase and social stress would decrease. I can't think of any harmful effect of Facebook disappearing except for a few lost jobs. Somewhere on their site, they address this issue. It is part of the reason they are able to offer cheaper prices. By having to request the token first, then upload, this allows them to avoid using load balancers. The less equipment they have to have, the cheaper your storage can be. If I was a storage company, I would consider Plex a hot potato and would stay far, far away. There is a reason Plex isn't building out their own storage and the reason isn't cost. It's because they know that 99% of all the media their customers handle is pirated content. At some point, Plex will become large enough to get on the radar of the MPAA and at that point, I assume they will go after the cloud storage providers. I think inking a deal with Plex would be pretty obvious. I'm not sure where the line is for knowing that you are storing infringing content, but MEGA claims they didn't know what users were uploading. Ya, I don't think Plex would be necessarily at fault, although they could be susceptible to DMCA takedown notices. But a storage provider could get into deep trouble if they know tons of pirated content was being uploaded. Kim Dotcom claims MEGA had no idea if the content being uploaded was infringing. But I think that's the crux of the matter, although the article fails to hit the nail on the head. The marketing was completely misleading. The bags seem to be filled with prepared, liquid juice. You don't need a machine because they are just sending out Capri sun bags of juice. The machine is just a lie to make you think something is being prepared fresh. Ya, that's the real point. They are lying. If anything, it's full of pre-juiced chopped fruits and vegetables. I don't think his comment says that they failed because they chose the wrong trendy language. They are failing because they are too concerned about the language and the process rather than the result. I think one thing a lot of startups think is that they absolutely have to be able to attract the best and brightest. In 90% of cases, average level programmers can build your product just fine. Unless you are building for enormous scale or your product is using cutting edge technology, you simply don't need a bunch of programmers from the top 1% or even top 10%. In my company, we hire middle of the pack programmers for a bargain and use commonly known tech stacks. The customers will not know the difference. And yet, 99% of founders out there don't care about building a unicorn. It's just a handful in silicon valley doing anything they can to be the next big thing. Most entrepreneurs are happy building a good product that helps their customers while making a good living at it. I really hope that specific law comes into play. Especially since it seems to be used to justify not paying flight attendants until they are "officially" part of the crew. Chrome on both Android and Windows has been patched. It actually makes more sense for the already successful and wealthy to not be interested in outward appearance. They have no one to impress and nothing to gain by showing off. Your up and coming business man, however, may have some logical reasons to signal wealth. Either for networking purposes or convincing potential customers or partners that you are the type of successful person they might want to work with, conspicuous consumption can have its merits. Unless you are doing a TON of sending, you are better off with a shared ip since it will have a known reputation. That is assuming that the provider is maintaining the integrity of those allowed to send with that ip. I haven't used sendgrid, but mailgun has been good about moving me off of any ip I don't like. Although I wish they were more proactive about it, I have setup a weekly monitoring script to check a bunch of the blacklists. If there are any issues, I will have them move me. And I am still on the free tier so I can't complain. I'm sure he's right when you are building a one percenter company. But my team will likely never grow to a size that it will ever take on a life of its own outside my control. 5 engineers tops when we hit market saturation. Each new hire I make is more skilled than the last because I can pay more as time goes on. I just don't think research done from the perspective of the biggest tech company in the world has any relevance on 99.9% of small tech startups. Perhaps, but I actually think getting the best and brightest is more of a factor of having tons of VC money. In that case, you need to move as fast as possible, and every little bit helps. If you are building a niche business with limited TAM, you just don't need the top tier, assuming of course you aren't building something groundbreaking from a tech perspective. Yes, must be. Which really makes no sense as a seller when you can just sell your product FBA. Especially when you are the manufacturer and can control who you sell to. It seems that all their troubles would be solved by just selling themselves on Amazon as a 3p seller. This is exactly my stance. I pay my employees to help get stuff done. If they can get enough done in 1 hour a week to make it worth it for me, then so be it. If not, there is a line out the door of people who want to work remote and have that freedom and they will work harder for the same salary. To expect any more out of a salaried employee to me is childish and petty. Be an adult and make the calculation based on what the market will bear. If someone isn't producing quality work fast enough, talk to them and explain that they aren't earning their keep and either need to step up their game or prepare to exit ... and we can still be friends. I have spent too much time outperforming idiot cofounders who didn't do anything but watch me and complain that I didn't put in enough hours in the office regardless of the fact that I actually got things done and brought knowledge and experience to the table that moved things forward in a profound way. I don't have to work as hard as "you" now, because I spent my adolescence building saas businesses instead of playing sports from the time school was out until 3am every day. So I extend that same courtesy to anyone who can make things happen and I don't care how long it took you in the moment. I would like to see the details of how some of these cases have gone done. "company time" is a very fluid concept if you are being asked to stay late and deal with issues in the middle of the night on a regular basis during your "personal time" without offering overtime pay (that's illigal btw) which is something very common in startup culture. All of those things are true. As a 3p seller you have total control. But it's "tonewood" you can't just ignore the fact that they use "tonewood"!!! Exactly. When I heard the first accusations against Bill Cosby, I was skeptical. I thought "innocent until proven guilty". But then after accuser number 50 came around, I find the accusations very likely true. Even though there is no hard proof. Without proof you may still be innocent in the eyes of the law, but if I was a young lady, I sure wouldn't be anywhere around him alone. The nvme ssd drives are several times faster than the best sata ssd (sometimes 10x). Although I'm not sure you would be able to tell much difference. But loading up large virtual machines frequently might be a use case where a difference would be noted. There are quite a few benchmarks and real world comparisons on YouTube that seem to indicate significant improvement in some workloads. I'm curious to know what type of customer you have? My customer base is made up of quite a few less tech-savvy types and we get a lot of issues with spam for AOL and MSN accounts. And I don't show any bounces either. Stuff getting sent to spam doesn't give you a bounce message usually. It will appear to have been delivered successfully. As for needing to warm up the IP, I think there is still something to that. I am surprised you were able to just start right off sending large volume. My guess would be that that you lucked out and got a gently used IP address by chance. The fact that it was on a blacklist would indicate that it probably was previously used rather heavily... just enough to get blacklisted at one place. But not abused in a way that got it blacklisted other places. That's interesting. I have been using Plex for a few years now as my primary media source which means several hours of streaming use daily both at home and travelling and have never had any issue related to the Plex central server being down. Funny that he would say that. Co spidering the fact that a huge majority of ALL web based open source software seems to be PHP even today. You don't even need a drill press. You can do it rather easily with a jig and hand held router. And the jig usually comes with the 80 percent receiver. Luckily not a single anti gun politician has a bit of sense regarding guns or the disposition to ask an expert. Making the barrel the serial numbered and tracked portion of a gun would make it much more difficult to machine at home. Then they could just leave the 3d printer industry alone. I went to university with him in a rather liberal sub-program within the curriculum. You should see all the squirming and uncomfortableness he has created among the professors. Their claim is to teach free thinking and they just love to bring in past students who are successful and/or controversial like authors of books on how gender is just a social construct. But you can bet they haven't asked Cody to come present to the students. I've seen so many people stress about getting their credit card stolen or bank accounts hacked. It's rather ridiculous considering you don't bear the liability of a hack. If you didn't access or approve a usage of your accounts, the banks just give it back. I have had money stolen more than once from skimmers and I have never had any trouble getting it all back. I am a big fan of greenshot. It takes over the print screen button. You then draw a box around the area you want to capture and then you can select to copy to clip board or open it in the sketching portion or even upload direct to imgur where it then puts the URL of the file in your clipboard. Get an Ally account. Problem solved. I believe you get reimbursed for up to 10 withdrawals a month or so. I use the trackr skill. Advantage being that even if your phone is on silent, it will ring it. That takes it to an even higher level of fairness. So in comparison, slack is only billing for actual users AND only if those users are using slack. Asana bills for users that don't exist AND actual users whether they use it or not. I believe those that are using Plex with sonarr and radarr and a newsgroup sub have it just as convenient as Netflix except with way more content. After it's all setup of course. Yes, if you have between 5 and 10 users it's $75 a month. Ya, seems very simple. All they have to say is "up to 10 users". Not "per user per month". I don't think I buy the exclusion argument though. Seeing as I am specifically leaving out a few members of my team (contractors) just to get below the next tier. I'm sure asana has researched it endlessly and has tons of testing under their belt. But in my use case, they would be making more money if it was actually per user. I just wish this show was more realistic. Everyone knows you can't just fire the head of the FBI for investigating you. It would be way too obvious. No, the worst is when someone posts their bug and then others start asking questions or trying to figure it out, then the original poster says "thanks guys, I was actually able to figure it out". And doesn't post the solution!!! Just so infuriating. I really don't think it would be that hard to copy. There are plenty of fulfillment centers out there already that offer similar services, API and all. Walmart could simply buy them and integrate with their own warehousing network and have Amazon outmatched in terms of facilities in a rather short period of time. Amazon didn't invent the 3rd party warehouse idea. They were just the first 3p marketplace to offer it as an added value service. I'll wager it won't get crazy busy. The Texas court was letting anything and everything through. It won't take many summary judgements from courts in these jurisdictions before it is no longer profitable to troll. Districts like Delaware have a vested interest in being a business friendly place to file your corporation papers. They won't likely allow the district to become an easy place to file phoney patent suits. And in districts where the companies actually reside will be even less likely to let through these time wasters that damage their biggest employers and shrink their tax base. Delaware also has a vested interest in keeping it a friendly place to incorporate. So I would expect that to color decisions of both judges and juries. Ya, $10m is comfortably above fu money even in silicon valley or NYC. https://youtu.be/xdfeXqHFmPI The size of the house you own and get to say fu from will vary, but the sentiment is the same as long as you own it. Yes, we pull data from our database to make dynamic responses. But I'm not sure if this services model helps that. You would have to create an API to interface with your own DB. You can be certain that any material changes due to this decision were factored into the stock price of both companies either before the decision went public or microseconds after it was made public. And it also ignores the very difficult problem of counting "calories out". There are so many factors that affect calories out. Dunnings Krueger much? We have calories in down to a pretty good science (although more and more studies are finding very incorrect measuring going on). Good luck counting calories out. That's a rabbit hole of extreme complexity. Again, an oversimplification. Different flavors, salt intake, even psychology can come into play in how your appetite is affected and how your body may react to what you just ate. The one advantage of Vanguard is that the company itself is owned by its funds. So the very people who pay the admin fees are the ones who vote the leadership in or out. So raising fees would be unlikely unless necessary and they are known to be very frugal as a company as well so I feel like they are unlikely to need more fees. Especially with almost $3 Trillion under management. Of course, there isn't any real cost to switching. So you could always switch to Schwab or vice versa as needed. They do. Vanguard doesn't charge anything extra for retirement accounts. It's just a matter of ticking a box when you sign up. Schwab is probably similar. Borrowing on your home to invest is just a terrible idea. You may see higher returns on the aggregate in the market but doing so is a good way to lose your home. Too much risk and like you, I think the small spread (and it is very small) between your mortgage and market returns doesn't even cover the risk premium of the potential to lose your home. My guess is that people like that value financial security above all else. And financial security is a sweet sweet thing to have. I think any group whose vehicle purchase decisions are colored by gas prices are not the same group buying Tesla's or luxury SUVs. I would expect the overlap to be very small at least. My guess is Tesla drivers put fewer miles on them than average. There is still a lot of opportunity out there. The thing is, as smart and loaded with resources the quants on wall street are, they have to work on opportunities that can provide returns with very large amounts of capital. Smaller opportunities that could bring in a few tens of thousands a month would not even make it on their radar. They need opportunities that can provide a return on hundreds of millions in capital. But are they really paying too much? I can't think of a lot of products out there, especially those that have a recurring subscription, that don't required some sort of database. So you need a server running a database anyway. It seems that the subscription logic would be a very negligible addition to the instance you have to be running anyway. To me it seems like the only sweet spot for lambda on a large scale would be for those that have consistent usage of a small instance that have some extra functions that need to be highly scalable and are very inconsistent. I find it funny that you mention that climbing el cap free soloing, "just takes a few hours" as if it wasn't just recently free soloed for the very first time in known history by one of the most skilled climbers of all time. It takes hannold 4 hours. It will likely never be tried successfully by anyone else. Alex may be the standout that never makes a mistake. But a notable free soloist dies while climbing about once a year. And I'm sure they all claim to know their limits and understand their abilities as well. I'm afraid your logic is a bit flawed here. The home value increase or decrease does not factor in when considering your mortgage. Your mortgage continues to exist no matter where your home value goes. You have to pay that same mortgage even if the market tanks and your home becomes worthless. Even in the case of just "letting it go" the bank will take your worthless house and will still come after you for what remains on the mortgage. That is why putting money into your mortgage is a "risk free" investment at 4% (or whatever your rate is). Yes, but lets hope your income is not based on investment success and that your job is still safe even in a market crash. Of course, if you have a steady, locked in income from a very safe pension or trust fund, then go ahead and borrow on your home. You don't have to worry about losing it in that case. But you only have to go back to 2008-2009 to see how well that worked out for a very large swatch of the American populous. You also need to collect all sweat, urine, and feces and figure out a way to exactly measure the undigested calories found in it. So I would say the mask method is the BEST way, but not necessarily accurate. Yes, I left that part out of my answer just to keep from muddying the water even further. All you would have to do is put eyes on any app that charges $400 a month like this scam. That's got to be an absurdly low number of apps. You can get new users through your app, you just have to provide a free version. Then if they want to use the premium features, they can log in on the web and pay. But you can't link them to the site or to an external payment method. They used to do that, and that is ok. But you can't link them to an external site to pay and sign up. But now they just bit the bullet and give up a portion of their revenue to Apple and Google. Although I believe 30% is only for the first year. It goes down after that. The real question is not why the US seems to lag behind it's peers in how effective our government is. It is, how is the US able to be so much better than it's peers? You can't compare little state sized homogenous countries in Europe to the enormous, diverse landscape of the US. Compare the US to any other country of similar population and you will see a performance standout in almost all categories. Cherry picking European countries and comparing them to the US is like asking why Vermont, Massachusets, Connecticut, or New York are so much better off than Europe. I think the owl drawing image is an apt simile for starting a business. Because the part in between is not something you can really teach. It takes lots of practice and erasing and rework and trial and error. If you want a step by step process, join a franchise. Right or not, all speech is not protected. If you spill government secrets, you can be thrown in jail (assuming you aren't politically powerful). If you threaten someone, you could be prosecuted. Yelling fire in a crowded theater... Some of these are grey areas. I would say in this case, helping to convince someone who is obviously mentally ill that they should kill themself was decided to be one of those types of speech that is not protected. The ada only applies to businesses with more than 15 employees. Presumably to lift the burden on companies that might not be able to afford compliance. So every little blog and site out there would not be affected. In fact, likely a very tiny, tiny fraction of all sites would. My understanding is that wannacry uses rsa2048. Even the NSA couldn't brute force that. What am I missing? I have a solution. Perhaps you take the etherium users, and they can vote and elect arbitrators, let's call them judges. Then those judges can hold "court" and a selection of etherium users would act as a "jury" to decide on how to handle exceptions. Of course, we will also need to appoint people to enforce those laws. Maybe we should start with a constitution to get things all lined out... But again, both countries have less than a third of the US population. And no, I don't think our government gives us any special advantage. But my point is that you can't begin to compare the US to these fractionally sized countries that have the advantage of chasing off all the poor into other cheaper countries in Europe due to high cost of living. Why are Bel-Air and Manhatten so rich? They are just doing so much better than the rest of the US. They barely have any poor! Must be their local governments and better market economies! Hopefully it is not fast enough to stream videos. Because if it is, it certainly won't last. No one can afford that kind of bandwidth without monitization. It's not like you are required to sell to Walmart. You can always refuse. Plenty of successful companies don't sell anything to Walmart. If you hire a lawyer, your going to regular court. As far as I know, most states if not all, don't allow attorneys in small claims. Are you sure about that? My understanding is it simply means you pay a certain amount up front. That money is held by the firm and Billings are placed against it until time to top it off again. Anecdote from my rural area. The last few math teachers eventually switched over to being the librarian or home economics teacher. Because it paid exactly the same but the curriculum was much easier to teach and isn't subject to the stresses and rigors of standardized testing. To add to the other response you got, yes, it's illegal. The specific federal code that it breaks is in the article. I'm assuming that is a fine meant to completely destroy your company. I would be very surprised (and angry) if they are able to pay that fine. Rather than go that drastic, you could simply get one of those answering service apps that require the user to announce themselves and press 1 to get through. You can set that functionality to only happen for numbers not in your phone book. Ya, 14 days was a nightmare. We had a severe bug causing a crash. Just had to tell our customers, "sorry, the app is basically useless for the next 14 days or so. Whenever apple decides to approve our single line of code change". I believe there was an emergency option which got us approved in 10 days or something equally ridiculous. Do most people really think that? I think Paul Graham uses the term "scalable". But I have seen talking points from lots of big VCs and other figures in business who seem to think it's more about age, profitability, and management structure that define a startup. To focus on the scalability point, I tend to agree that many only think of scalable businesses as startups, but I think the predicted numbers don't have to be in the billions to be considered a scalable growth business. If you are a one man shop building an innovative product and you raised seed money from friends and family and hire 2 employees and expect to start making $1m a year as a 3 man shop in a few years, I think most people would call that a startup. On the other hand, if you raise funds and build just another restaurant on the corner but with no innovation in either product or scale, then I think you are a small business. Scaleways offers x86 options that are the same price with same number of cores. I use scaleway for some of my side projects. The latency is noticeable but with a little bit of cache adjustments and a free cloudflare plan in front of it, it is fine. I took about 5 sites from a $50 a month shared cPanel plan that included a few WordPress blogs and some custom sites and put them on a $3 a month scaleway instance and haven't had a bit of trouble. More likely hundreds of millions are bots. One of the most frustrating (and shady) things I have seen Facebook do is ask your friends personal information about you. I have very little personal info on my profile, but I know that Facebook has all of it. Because I have seen little popups saying things like "Where did your friend so and so go to highschool?" Then later, you will see a question on your profile like, "Did you go to ... High?" So you know they are storing it whether you confirm or not. They will also ask "security" questions to people trying to reset their password. They seem to include a few things that are in Facebook and then a few items that are not. This gathering even more details about my personal life that I did not choose to share with Facebook. I try to frequently seed it with false information. But I know plenty of people are out there just merrily giving up all my personal information to this beast. Wow, then I guess I'm pretty special. Friends seem to reach out and contact me directly even though I don't use Facebook. I will admit though, I'm very sad that I have never been invited to a lularoe party. Maybe you are implying this. But even logging out of Facebook, they will continue to track you and gather information about you through every site that has a Facebook like button on it. In a market as competitive as restaurants, I can't help but think that making crazy decisions might be your only way to set yourself apart from the crowd. Having delicious food makes people forgive a lot when it comes to comfort or decor. And just maybe having hideous chairs and walls would help you stand out in the minds of customers. "A fire department permit worker told Tortosa that it would take him two to four weeks to even look at Robin’s paperwork — or, for $536 ($134 per hour of overtime with a four-hour minimum), Tortosa could pay for him to look at it right now." Can someone please explain to me how this isn't extortion and bribery? I assume that their assumption is that the facebook application has grown in complexity to keep pace with better servers. There is certainly a lot more going on as they had several years ago. My tangential comment to your comment would be: Which creates more jobs, 1,000 millionaires, or 1 billionaire. I would say 1000 millionaires would have a much greater chance of creating many more jobs. It's not about cost. Long rails aren't that expensive. The problem is that a train running through Texas is useless unless you want to get to a specific city that the tracks actually pass through. Anywhere else could be hours of driving from the station and there isn't any infrastructure for that. A 4 hour cab/Uber ride is way too expensive. Even a train that drops you off in the middle of Los Angeles could leave you many hours from the actual place in Los Angeles you want to be. It's not all about what people want either. Even with a rail system, you still need all the roads. Maybe not as many lanes, but American cities are pretty spread out. You will need a ton of last mile transportation. Presumably a large amount of his net worth is tied up in this company. So of course he doesn't want to take it down. I know it's not always accurate. But when I am looking at a resume of someone who has a master's in CS, I think either programming was an afterthought for them or, if they had been learning to code all this time, why didn't they go out and get a job long before they had time to finish a masters? That was my thought. But as far as the bean counters are concerned, they would base it on an aging schedule. Unused credits stop being counted at 100% after x number of months. But there isn't really any reason to disable them in the software. Especially since they can be reenabled. Just like if you have fully depreciated an office desk, that doesn't mean you march into that person's office and take it away. Sorry, this desk must be thrown out as it is now fully depreciated! So I think it is an attempt at scraping more money out of their users. Analysis is all that matters when it comes to the ipo. I'm sure there will be other analysis, but if no one believes it's as big as 3T, then the ipo is not going to raise what they want it to raise. They will have to setup some kind of timer or incentive to charge off peak, because otherwise, most cars are going to be plugged in around 5 to 6 right when people pull into their garage. At least in the US, the worst case is a temporary lockup like you described. Banks are limited in how long they can hold your money. If your money is in a bank, it is guaranteed from fraud and theft. You can't say that about Bitcoin. Add to that the fact that if you want to use Bitcoin to buy most anything you are going to have to either rely on a bank to handle transfers or find someone on the street with cash to buy the Bitcoin (dangerous with no guarantees). No moral obligation? I don't think many people would agree with you on that. If you are actively poking around at someone's home and you find an unlocked window, you don't think there is a moral obligation to inform the owner of the security issue? No moral issues if you then find a group of hoodlums down the street and announce that house 123 has an unlocked window? I can see if you were just driving by and saw the window open, you don't really have any obligation (unless you plan to announce it publicly) but if you are actively seeking out security flaws in someone else's property, not disclosing it to the owner and then announcing it or worse, selling it to potentially bad actors seems morally reprehensible. Yes, I assumed that the option existed, but I think you are going to see a lot of people who want their car to start charging right when they get home in case they plan to take the car out again that evening or even for emergency issues like what if a child gets sick in the night and the car hasn't started charging yet. Obviously won't be the case for everyone but I can see it being a reason to charge immediately. I wouldn't say cheaply or even that easily. If I have to get off a train (whatever that cost), catch a fly-away bus ($8 both ways), then get an uber ($50+ just to Burbank 12m away), it's going to be very expensive and very slow assuming the stars don't align perfectly. I'll be very surprised if anyone is actually pulling overtime to get your paperwork done. My guess is they just put it to front of the line and work continues as usual, overtime or not. You sound like a lot of people pre-2009. Play the game with leverage and you do increase your chances of winning big, but you of course do so at the risk of losing everything, including your personal home. I'm sure you know that. Just also know that people much smarter than you or I are choosing to put vast amounts of money into mortgage lending rather than the market. If the stock market was such a superior investment, why would any bank choose to hold a mortgage? Fact is, you have to factor the risk into the equation when comparing mortgage vs market. Market volitility decreases market return and the extreme burden of losing your personal residence increases the mortgage rate side of the calculation. Also, of course, there is the negative affect on your credit and possible bankruptcy to factor into the risk equation (which also carries some upside in that if you don't pay of your mortgage, and lose it all while upside down on the mortgage, you have transferred some of the loss to the bank.) And of course like the other poster said, "not paying off early" is the exact same thing as taking out another mortgage the day you pay it off, if you have the means to do so. If you are really "doing the math" then you have to do all the math. In the US, there is due process. Granted, that due process has been seriously eroded over the years in cases where the government can claim terrorism, but otherwise, it still takes a court order to force a company to comply with a government request for information. Just look at their systemic counterfeit, ip theft problem. They can somehow keep a billion people in line and censored and behind a firewall and complacent, but stopping major counterfeit and up theft seems beyond their reach. (hint, it's not, they just don't care). Right now, apparently at terrorism. And there is still a line, a court must approve it, might be a kangaroo court, but a judge is signing off on things. Many were holding as well, but as property values plummeted, so did rents. But mortgage payments remained steady and high. More like, all you need is a Swiss army knife, and there are dozens of different Swiss army knives that can all get the job done. So use the one you are most familiar with. And then after you move on, be cursed for all eternity when they have to find and hire someone with go experience to fix that tiny bug. Costing them 3x as much as if it was just PHP where anyone and their brother can work on it. I still do my saas projects all in PHP. I mean, I'm not building NASA control software it anything, but I have incurred very few problems due to dynamic typing. Not to mention the fact that I can hire php devs for half of what a ruby dev wants these days. Intriguing idea. With the 1tb minimum, it's conceivable that you could actually turn a profit doing that. My guess is that their data centers look exactly like this https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/ Why would you say they are the cheapest object storage when it is significantly more than the very service you responded to? Not to mention b2 and several others that are cheaper. Yes, I think is disingenuous to call it "data" durability. "disk" durability would be more accurate. I was considering using cloudflare as a free static asset CDN. On several of the speed test rankings they show cloudflare at or near the top. I also have my dns with them on the free tier. But I am not running my regular traffic through their Network. I just plan to create a subdomain and run js, css, and images through it. Would this not be recommended? Free CDN does seem too good to be true. For most sites, the Google organic search penalty for not having https is reason enough. Oh, that is good to know. I had no idea that wasn't allowed. If it is an S3 API clone, doesn't that make it equally convenient? And hedge funds are only allowed to take money from rather wealthy or "sophisticated" investors that should know better. Herbalife preys on the poor and down trodden. Nah, they aren't driving the mlm. Their skills are leveraged more for the door to door giants like Vivent and most every other door to door sales company you can think of. And on the darker side, Utah also houses a great deal of very legally dubious boiler room sales floors. You will find that almost every single "I make $900 at home" that originated from the US will lead you to a high pressure sales floor in Utah. The mlm seems to be the stay at home moms and maybe a mix of others that are able to leverage their church network. Apparently, no parent is vague enough for trolling. But maybe that is getting harder now with the recent decisions about jurisdiction. "major" games might be more accurate. Half the time I am looking at games on app stores it's about 20% novel and interesting games and 80% candy crush / war of the world's etc... clones. And if you are going to count all those little clones, then you would also need to count the countless chess games, poker games, solitaire varients and everything else that is available for windows. I don't think I would trust your data point of 1. Google has officially announced that it will factor in and many other sites with many data points have confirmed the effect. https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2014/08/https-as-ranking-s...