I'm not sure 'purpose' is the right word here. Truly what is the purpose of a game? I don't think there's a trivial answer to the question, and I think 'story' is more fair. People care about stories. Stories generate meaning. it's madness out there enjoyed this line: "This leaves a pre-tax profit of 3.39 EUR / month per subscriber if I calculate it Groupon-style, totally ignoring marketing costs." At face value, to "make myself redundant" seems to contradict what Seth Godin advocates in his book: "Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?" [ http://www.amazon.com/Linchpin-Are-Indispensable-Seth-Godin/... ] Although I think they'd both agree on the goal of always looking to do interesting work, contributing to projects like a human being instead of doing cookie-cutter work, etc.. I can't help but think they'd also have some profound differences of opinion on how to get there. Also known as 'conversationally anal-retentive'. "stranded somewhere and not having anything to read". I can associate with this. Although there has been much written about the function and role of boredom in modern society. In particular, that while boredom may not be pleasant, or well understood, it is a different state of mind as opposed to active engagement and entertainment. And perhaps in the state of mind, certain thoughts may rise that need such an environment to percolate to the surface. Reminds me of Bruce Sterling's talk about the importance of having quality, physical things in your life http://video.reboot.dk/video/486788/bruce-sterling-reboot-11 Agree, the element of time seems to be missing here - and this seems a central characteristic of workflows. Im a fan of using the spacebar as my leader key. Im waiting for this day to come for me, now. ViEmu or VsVim? The distinction between developing software and writing code seems a bit weak to me. So much has already been discussed about DFW. And still being written(for example: http://www.thepointmag.com/2012/essays/coming-to-terms ). I must say I'm almost surprised to see Hacker News branching into literary subjects, but of course there are related topics concerning technology in his work. Next thing we know, we'll start seeing articles about philosophy and metaphysics! it was my first thought, i'm afraid nice dig! I was just watching Bret Victor's Inventing on Principle talk and thus learned about Larry Tesler. He says Larry Tesler dedicated his life to removing modes from software back where was no such thing as modeless editing. Perhaps this is why. I agree, it's not really a learning tool (for a novice). Some commands here are pretty obscure; you wouldn't use some of them very much or at all, but that's not evident in the diagram. And you also have the right idea about learning vim incrementally ( http://yehudakatz.com/2010/07/29/everyone-who-tried-to-convi... ), instead of the "learn everything in parallel" approach that some advise. Perhaps this is the starting point then? https://gist.github.com/1886716 exactly. This is a "Modes" transition diagram. For example, :commands aren't modes as well. Good tip. I didn't know this as well. I think Bret may be targeting laypeople from what I've seen, so he will always come down on the side of enabling growth for larger numbers of people, as opposed to an 'elite' few (comparatively). I believe https://github.com/oo7ph/Trello-Clone another chrome extension, uses backbone as well. But I haven't studied this one (yet). Innovation in technology comes from using technology in ways it wasn't intended, not necessarily what is the most efficient. I'm wondering if I'll live long enough to where this won't be a joke anymore. a swarm of networked load-bearing quadcopters. Same story here! But I still use Notepad++ for quick tasks that I might otherwise have to spend a few thought cycles on in VIM. Also, I really like Notepad++'s Python Script plugin. I never realized this either. Thanks! Building something simalaar to this was the only good idea I'd been harboring forna while now, but it will be interesting to see the feedback. I couldn't figure out how flexible to make it or what features to support, or if it should accept a file-based data structure for those not wanting to program an api. I guess I don't really know the audience. The scope of articles has increased dramatically lately. The best part is the 'glasses falling' intro (ok, maybe not the best part, but a good one). Agree, and from the pictures it looks like they had plenty of assistance in setting this up. Me too, such as, is it black hole time yet?! If I could make things this beautiful (and it's not pure form, it's also functional), I'd feel a lot better about what I do. Some nice javascript to study as well. http://blog.nelhage.com/2010/01/on-git-and-usability/ "Fundamentally, the way (most) people learn and think about subversion is different from the way git experts think about git. subversion’s internal model is fairly complex, but you are not expected to understand it. You just have to know the half dozen commands you’ll ever need, and you use them, and everything is fine. Git’s model is fundamentally fairly simple (a DAG of immutable commit objects where branches are named mutable pointers into it), but you are expected to understand it fully to use git effectively." ... " The other, perhaps more fundamental reason, is that git is designed to be infinitely flexible, and so it’s fairly rare that you can give an answer for “How do I do X with git?”, since the answer will often depend on, “Well, what are your project’s conventions?” " In other words, perhaps git is like C Or maybe it's due to the 'rolling' shutter causing shear stretching as mentioned in the article You might as well say 'One plus the biggest whole number nameable with 1,000 characters of English text', if that sort of thing is allowed. agree on not changing fonts, colors, styles, buttons ... Yep!! The point is, if you say 'Take however many symbols it takes you to describe your large number', that's not well-defined and is fundamentally ambiguous due to the nature of language. The profile edit screen does say: [Email (will be public)] I feel screwed taking some online machine learning courses because I can barely do Linear Algebra. relevant: http://xkcd.com/1050/ "The only things you HAVE to know are how to make enough of a living to stay alive and how to get your taxes done. All the fun parts of life are optional." If we measured everything by how much we used it professionally, we wouldn't learn music, play sports, or any number of things we focus on in schools. Or for a bit more power, check out the APC for $49: http://www.geek.com/articles/chips/via-launch-a-49-android-p... "The APC’s spec includes a VIA WonderMedia ARM 11 processor at its core, 512MB DDR3 RAM, 2GB of on-board flash storage, 4 USB 2.0 ports, a microSD slot, Ethernet port, and both VGA and HDMI display ports. As for power consumption, it tops out at 13 watts under load and 4 watts when idle." Should be possible; not sure how hard it will be to compile fo r ARM Casting my vote for http://www.ribbonfarm.com I haven't read any papers, but I've heard of this experiment (or one with similar effects) before in a basic psychology class. Pinboard does if you also have bookmark archiving turned on. Are there any examples of machine learning and tagging beingused together in an online bookmarking service? Re 2: you do need to re use your tags, but it is also true that the more tags you use the better. Having a long tail of very specific tags is not an issue because it allows you to go very quickly to that specific tag, but re-using the general tag allows finding the item if the specific tag is forgotten. So you need both. The only problem this causes is browsing your tags, but then you're not really trying to find an item in thay case, so it doesn't matter as much. I see your point, yes. If you can't remember the name of the general tag, yes, you need to browse. Assuming the general tag is used somewhat often though, some services allow you to filter tags based on how often they're used (Pinboard does this). reddit called and was asking for you Characteristic of editing via Modes, previously seen: The Mother of All Demos: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mother_of_All_Demos Are we going to see more of a return to Modal editing? Thanks for the tip! Good observation on the proliferation of articles that need to be didactic these days. My guess is that it tends to grab ones attention a bit more? Yep, I came here to post this exact sentiment. 1. It's his first venture into a programming project 2. "var wordCount = value.trim().split(/\s+/).length" isn't much of a library. The benefit of a project like this for user's is so they can avoid building the scaffolding and deployment. The gist isn't quite as interactive. (PCM) -> Do you mean PCA (Pricipal Component Analysis)? An attempt to design a reasonable computer science curriculum using just Coursera courses, where “reasonable” is a curriculum that roughly mirrors the coursework required for a four-year university computer science degree: http://www.thesimplelogic.com/2012/09/24/you-say-you-want-an... I suffered a mini-panic-attack halfway through reading this, and had put my head on the floor until the nausea passed. That's interesting. At first glance, it seems like we invented Separability just to make things easier for us. In my head I'd always assumed that forces diminish continuously; But I guess that's what I get for thinking of force as something different from a particle. If all force is particles, I suppose it makes sense. Why does this have over 150 points? I'm sure there are a few cookie libraries, but so far I think I prefer https://github.com/js-coder/cookie.js I'm really pleased to see n+1 appear on hacker news. This is a great publication. Sometimes the writing can be a little obtuse, but in general I think many hn'ers would enjoy finding out more about them. Wow, the commenters here are really defensive about their text editors and CLI. Yes, they do rule the day and they do a damn good job at that. But aren't you at lest curious what else could be possible? Don't be so quick to shoot other ideas down, no-ones forcing you to move your cheese! "If you're going to study Backbone, it might be better to just study Backbone" I agree. At the end of this introduction, he gives, as further reading for the beginner, Lambda the Ultimate. Oohh look how smart he is! The following blog post is useful to see why all the back history the ars technica post goes into is probably more distracting that useful. http://therealkatie.net/blog/2012/oct/24/career-day/ I liked 1Q84. I felt it could have been a bit shorter without much loss to the story though. 'The Wind Up Bird Chronicle' and 'Hard Boiled Wonderland and The End of the World' remain my favorite Murakami novels. Your sentiment has been logged and cross-referenced in our classified database for the betterment of current and future society. Perhaps neuroticism includes it, but I think the term has been retired from usage in the past couple decades. I pretty much gave up games too. Especially console games. Especially shooters. I'd still like to try this out with some more chill indie/puzzle games though (i.e. English Country Tune) http://video.reboot.dk/video/486788/bruce-sterling-reboot-11 "Four variety of items: Beautiful things; emotionally important things; tools, devices and appliances that efficiently perform some useful function; and category four, everything else." http://www.wired.com/beyond_the_beyond/2011/02/transcript-of... I think your description of "literalness" relates well to "geometric" typefaces (typefaces constructed on simple geometric shapes). I think a tag system instead of a directory system may be better for categorizing libraries. For example, is D3 is "data / undefined". Arguably it could exist in multiple categories. Thanks for this! Very cool. I wish there wasn't as much HDR-like post processing in these images. It kind of has an "uncanny valley" thing going on. Also, this sentiment is popularized as worse-is-better: http://www.jwz.org/doc/worse-is-better.html I understand F# is in the ocaml family. Any reason why one would prefer ocaml over fsharp? "To a first approximation the method of science is 'find an explanation and test it thoroughly', while modern core mathematics is 'find an explanation without rule violations'." This kind of rings a bell for me here concerning Formal Verification methods (i.e. proofs), possibly more popular with functional programming techniques. Amazing history, thanks! Siri is a commercial spinoff of a DARPA AI project Interesting example of how a substantial innovation (like Siri) yet again does not come from a private company, but from a R&D or such funded project without a short-term capitalist adgenda. Also I'd bet that this fact is largely unknown; this I'd understand is also characteristic. -- No wonder we're having problems getting public funding for "actual" new tech. I think newsblur supports some kind of training after looking at it today; not sure how effective it is. interesting, thanks! I like it! Although why would I use it over building a simple webapp hosted on the Pi by using existing server-side technologies such as Flask, Rails etc.. Or perahps I3! http://i3wm.org/ Although I skimmed a bit, but I was a little let down when the author started heavily editorializing the issue. I guess I just want to see more data and less up-font opinions on issues like this. It's true - but I like to think of it as an instance where it's ok to break all the rules and see something unexpected. Sometimes as a dev I feel boxed in with regards to how technology is intended to be used. ServiceStack vs WCF would probably be a more apt comparison, but I suppose there are people using SerivceStack for web apps as well. "There's an emphasis on the pleasure of choosing and planning. We've moved quite dramatically away from the action games of the 80s and 90s, where the primary mode of engagement was reaction to events." "Again, this comes back to the central appeal of games – authority. Game stories are often pretty hokey, but they're compelling because we're in control." "Another important game design facet is "disproportionate feedback", in which players are hugely rewarded for achieving very simple tasks." "Conversely, designers have discovered that failure can be an important factor in keeping us entertained. " "That loop of agency, learning and disproportionate feedback is at the heart of something very important," thanks instead of make install, consider checkinstall or fpm so that you are properly integrated into ubuntu's native package manager (dpkg). Doing so will save you headaches when you want to uninstall tmux or upgrade later. Perhaps a nice C-f then? Just passing by.. http://nightweb.net/#type=user&userhash=a4ehmznzujb4iiai... http://factorie.cs.umass.edu/ The job of actually building things belongs to the lower and middle classes. It has most always been a point of distinction for the upper class that they aren't concerned with utility. Part of the point of being upper class is freeing yourself from having to do utilitarian work. I don't think they'd need to scan the 300+ million new photos. They'd just need to scan the photos of individuals that governments and/or corporations would like to target. Yes extend is unnecessary in this case. The key was saving a reference to self. You're wrong. The saddest thing is the loss of life and limb. Of course, now that he's been caught, this is much easier to say. I'm not very convinced by by your slippery slope argument with regard to the US, at least in domestic affairs. (foreign is another matter) It's probably not a good idea to mix the emotional with the analytical, but when it happens, the emotional wins; we're human beings. I hate to get moral/philosophical, but utilitarian motives, in the eyes of societal norms, usually is the loosing position. The canonical example of this is the man waiting by the railroad switch who must decide whether to divert a train to certain doom or let the train run over an individual. According to society the man must always divert the train. Yes my example was poor; I don't think I got it right, perhaps I forgot the correct form. I guess I just am not sure how this inevitable tyranny manifests in deaths, but I can appreciate the point. As a side note, these guys might not have even been caught if we were not living in 'the panopticon'. I wonder if the same argument applies to using Reactive Extensions (Rx), ReactiveCocoa, etc.. I agree, this suffers from the same problems of efforts that have preceded it. Thanks! I'm using i3 as well and am loving it. Gotta start somewhere ;). I'l see how it goes, have two LCD's ordered and on the way now. When did Monaco fall out of favor? What don't people like about it? I kind of like it's angularity. I would love to see list of proportional fonts people are using for programming. Will Dwolla bring back support for bitcoin transactions? Sorry, I should've been more clear; I didn't intend to talk about native support. I was referring to the "gateway" service explicitly. The only reason I brought this up was because Dwolla was missing from BitInstant last week, but now Dwolla appears to have resurfaced back on BitInstant's form. You didn't miss anything. I was referring to the gateway service; not native service. BitInstant had supported Dwolla in the past, and then it went missing from their site, and now it appears to be back. I'm surprised scientific realism fared as well as it did. http://www.techempower.com/benchmarks/#section=motivation "As with the previous question, we'd love to. We have heard tentative word from a reader/contributor that a pull request may be incoming soon that will include several .NET frameworks on Mono, which we assume will be as easy to include as any other pull request. One challenge we face is that the test infrastructure we've built assumes a Linux deployment that we can automate using ssh and Python. To do a proper .NET test on Windows Servers, we will need to work on adapting that platform to automate Windows Servers as well. Community assistance on this would be greatly appreciated." What is emg? The Paperclip Maximizer: inconceivable, conceivable but not metaphysically possible, or metaphysically possible? I sense the approach of the p-zombie. just trolling. The distinction was posed here ( http://philpapers.org/surveys/results.pl ). The resemblance: if a superintelligent AI lacks 'conscious experience, qualia, or sentience'. Just a sanity check: "Researchers have studied the decline in firearm crime and violent crime for many years, and though there are theories to explain the decline, there is no consensus among those who study the issue as to why it happened." TrackPoint is amazing; I hesitate to switch from ThinkPad's because of it. Assuming deterrence is the most significant factor in the decline. Additionally, I'm not sure the gang-bangers are watching CSI. Might be related to pornography as well. Are there any sites that publish the majority of it's content (or alternate) in html comments (view-source), rather than in visible markup? I'll reccomend Erik Meijer's videos on introductory Haskell. I haven't gotten though them all but I appreciate his style and depth of knowledge on the matter; he also points out many things that a Java or C# dev would naturally be curious about how to interpret Haskell. http://channel9.msdn.com/Series/C9-Lectures-Erik-Meijer-Func... It's terrible but the phrase "life is cheap in Russia" comes to mind, which I think I heard when these videos of Russian kids showing off on tall structures started emerging. Of course kids in most all countries enjoy such thrills. I feel like once I write something down in a list it will dissappear into the 'backlog' forever. Reminds me The Dip by Seth Godin. I liked his short stories from Angels and Visitations I believe shiv was used to mean something that didn't quite produce the correct behavior 100% of the time, or only produced the correct behavior in part. I agree these names are not intuitive but I believe that there are subtleties to the naming variations. I think some experimentation is healthy. Although I noticed the different style of font usage here, I kind of like it. I'm tired of looking at fonts that leave no trace of the history of the act of writing. Perhaps tech writers want to emphasize the act of writing itself? For example, maybe they are trying to get as far away from something that looks like a monospaced font, since that looks too much like code and this is writing. Poor is a bit strong, but yes the message was mixed. No! Obligatory Larry Tesler reference. "... who made it his personal crusade to “eliminate modes from software design” during his work on the early desktop user interface at Xerox PARC. The cause became so central to his life that his license plate read “NO MODES”, and he reportedly wore the slogan “Don’t Mode Me In” on a t-shirt." I haven't read http://www.dwavesys.com/en/dev-tutorial-intro.html yet, but this also looks interesting. as the article notes, you can achieve invasion of privacy by using a stepladder and a camera; this should be no different. among my friends they think movies are the highest form of 'writing', and we aren't even in California Sometimes I feel a bit strange using i3 on Ubuntu (which has put so much work into Unity). I believe i3 was written to solve the use cases of developers, and so maybe that's why I often feel the choices the creators made just seem to make so much sense. The wikipedia article talks much about dealing with outliers. How can outliers be removed/replaced or handled differently as the article suggests? Are the outliers not part of the data, after all? It seems like the goal of 'improving performance' here involves tweaking the data to get the results you want. What have I misunderstood here? Thanks for the explanation - it was helpful I thought you were serious, then I thought you were trolling, and finally figured out you were serious. is this supported on ubunty raring yet? Please include the units in the results! to throw out a few watery ideas based on your comments - it seems to fit with the 'retro' aesthetic; or at least the re-hashing of old ideas at a high frequency. This reminds me very much of the idea of post-modernism. Perhaps the downside is we loose some authenticity but make up for it in the wealth of the combinations. Doesn't this actually destroy bitcoins (of which there will only ever be a finite amount) Two Facebook articles on foreign privacy events in one day? Where were these reports before Snowden hit the news cycle? hand-written powershell or using a library? clippy! Reminds me of those monks that spend weeks making beautiful, meticulous sand mandalas, who then destroy them immediately upon completion. There used to be a time when all programmers were true CS graduates. But demand for tech across the boad has risen and now we have hacker schools that get you up and running in 6 months. If there is a corresponding rise in demand for design skills, at some level across the board, you can expect the same trend. Reaching your peak and landing a job are two different goals, and if more designers are needed, you can be sure companies won't wait for a full grad when others show they can perform many of those tasks "well enough" I remember some sort of experiment in Colorado in which state police formed a line of cars at intervals forcing everyone to drive the same speed, and thus was able to eliminate the daily blockages in that experiment. I think he could have halved the size of his solar kit and still not have had to worry about power interruptions. http://pi.qcontinuum.com/cgi-bin/rrd/rrdgraph.volts All the random entries I got were either SF or crime... I think the source list of books may have some bias torwards those genres It's also fatalistic, I might add. I like the decisions so far! On a pure style/preference note, I prefer content over chrome to an almost absurd degree - the margins around the individual posts could be tighter maybe? Sparse matrix multiplication using SQL was also a homework assignment in the latest coursera course "Introduction to Data Science" by Bill Howe Pasta Salad spikes (July 4th anyone?) http://www.google.com/trends/correlate/search?e=pasta+salad&... I'm currently using i3 as well and enjoy it. The only issue is with certain java-based applications such as PyCharm or Arudino IDE, in which sometimes the windows aren't drawn correctly due to the JVM not playing nicely with "non-reparenting" window managers (such as i3). Haskell is a puzzle language ( http://prog21.dadgum.com/38.html ). I intend to learn some Haskell but I keep wondering if it might be more useful to spend some time with Clojure or F# I tried to pip install plotly with python 3.3 and got some errors. Is it Py3 compatible? Sure, but if you're mr. straight forward and obvious all the time, I bet your skills will plateau faster than the puzzler. LINQ (C#) seems pretty awesome and not over-the-top, and I believe it's foundation is monad-based. Best example I can think of. doin' a good job - I enjoy the show What about event delegation? In JQuery there exists an overload to .on() that can pass a selector string to filter the descendants of the selected elements that trigger the event. Is there something similar in Minified? And yet what about the "JQuery soup" problem that everyone complains about? Isn't that due to having DOM manipulation code strewn about willy-nilly? why even call it a virus, if it shares so little in common with what we know as actual viruses? Nice list; a little stuffy for summer though. May I suggest Infitite Jest? Then your next big thing is (especially) Scala Sure, a lot of those languages (Ruby, C#, Lua) borrow some FP ideas, but I think sprinkling in some FP ideas is different from F#, OCaml, and Scala where FP seems to be more "font-and-center". This is a nice point to think about, thanks - I'll have to do some noodling on this. It's a small detail, but I appreciate that he even identifies the typefaces used in the deck at the bottom of his post. Especially in languages where whitespace matters, I think it's the wrapping of the lines itself that is problematic I love the flexibility of CHAP links' Timeline. I read super-cannes from him. It was quirky and definitely interesting. I'm under the impression that socat is the most versatile, but probably involves more typing for similar commands. "For any issue, there is an objective truth of the matter, and if people care enough to find out the truth, they should eventually find a theory/explanation of the issue that no has an issue with, at least for a while" This is called Logical positivism [1], well-known in the world of philosophy, and there are many criticisms. I'm not sure the matter is as self-evident as you present it to be. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logical_positivism Show me a presentation language that is as flexible and powerful as CSS. Try styling something in a native gui language, or something like xaml, and I guarantee there will be many more curse words. A lot of people who are shocked with the complexity of CSS aren't saying this after switching from another better GUI environment, they're getting into visual apps after doing backed work. CSS is not perfect but I'll take it over previous presentation idioms any day. I've not built apps in xaml but I've heard the that its a PITA once your app gets to a certain size and complexity. do you customize your emacs keybindings for text editing, or do you use the emacs defaults? I must admit I'm unfamiliar, but at a quick glance it does look quite nice. I had some issues with pythoninterp=dynamic and rubyinterp=dynamic. Ended up with this: https://gist.github.com/jonschoning/6202771 I enjoyed using Racket in the 'programming languages' coursera course I think it covers the base case well, but its not as full featured as dkpg. Also it seems like the chocolates repos always a version behind the edge. Thanks for that messagevault link - looks like a nice stripped down version of the self-editing, cross-platform file idea, which I hadn't heard expressed quite a succinctly as you just put it. I appreciate the reponse - OneNote/EverNote are orders of magnitude more powerful; I think they make more sense in a 'cloud world'. "Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours." https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/367028946426019840 "We have a circulating system with a fixed population..." Not quite the same since people getting off the hyperloop won't be turning around to get on it again. I think I'm going to have to go over michaelochurch's article again on unions and bloc voting power, which are very relevant to these ideas: http://michaelochurch.wordpress.com/2013/08/01/statistics-co... I had thought the most widely used implementation of FRP was in ReactiveCocoa. I can't comment on futures in c++11, but async/await is more like promises + coroutines, rather than just promises (as defined by Promises/A+) Thanks! I was already using ranger and this fits nicely with the i3 ethos as well. So it just increments at random when you call Start, until Done is called (assuming setX isn't used)? muscle milk isn't milk I think the issue is all the strings that must be grepped for and replaced in the scripts prior to installation. The most interesting thing for me about the frameworks is how they all use different methods of rendering the bar itself. So far I've seen straight css, canvas, and css transitions. I was fascinated with LIGO when I learned about it. It seems the best plans for such devices exist in the planned space-bound installations, such as LISA ( http://lisa.nasa.gov/ ) to say it's "pulled in a direction where the big mass no longer is" seems incorrect, because above we have "whenever a gravitating object moves inertially, the gravitational acceleration vector at a point removed actually points at where the object actually is at a given instant", due to the cancellaction and abberation effects. "Indeed, the vector (2.5) does not point toward the “instantaneous” position of the source, but only toward its position extrapolated from this retarded data" (which is pretty much the same location) Perhaps trying to measure true productivity reduces to the halting problem For many of these certifications, they not as useful to the employee as they are useful for the employer. The more certifications the employer has the better it is for them in various ways; sales opportunities, recognition, bids, perks, etc... also see GitMinutes #13: Richard Hartmann on Managing Your Homedir with vcsh: http://episodes.gitminutes.com/2013/06/gitminutes-13-richard... https://github.com/RichiH/vcsh And what of infinite jest and Wallace? The end of the last vogue?