Having moved from Mysql to Postgresql in 2005 and continued with it up to the present, I'd say it's a superior database for OLTP, enterprise workloads. Mysql's traditional mode with a transactional engine can work too; though, I've found Postgresql to be a solid, consistent performer for my use cases. I've also used it at home after running into trouble with Sqlite: https://paulrrogers.com/2014/10/self-hosting-owncloud-review... . Postgresql's excellent documentation made the move much more practical than it would have been using a clearly less documented tool. (One such as MonetDB circa 2005: http://www.monetdb.org/ .) Similarity to standard SQL and Oracle are also nice if one happens to work in an heavily regulated industry where one may have to migrate to certified platforms. Conflict arises because content isn't truly free. Someone pays of their free time or gets paid to produce by advertising or subscribers. Tools that deliver the content while bypassing payment will drive payment elsewhere or erode the incentive to produce. You must be very selective. I'm curious how you'd feel if it turned out most of Ycombinator's successful ventures depended upon advertising; thereby supporting this very site and community. Advertising is a tool which, like any other, can be used for good or evil. But it's a good point that it's not free to the consumer. Until the law changes True, but built-in replication is still the whole installation or nothing. I believe Slony doesn't have this limitation; though, being trigger-based has some other quirks of it's own. Pgpool is another solution I've also used for a while. All have quirks which I don't recall running into with Mysql's replication. > Old applications are easy to run and popular, because DosBox exists. Actually I think nostalgia makes old stuff popular even when it is challenging to do. I've met people into 1840's-style iron working despite the challenge; and certainly not because it's the most optimal way to produce the desired product. > If it was a paid app, maybe GOG wouldn't be known at all. Or maybe the prices would be much higher than they are now. Perhaps GOG would not exist, but Nintendo has been selling repackaged editions of their old software for a long time now. And maybe GOG and Steam prices should be slightly higher to compensate those doing the ports. If so then some ports may have been better quality. > Of course, then your customer has the 4 freedoms described above, and he could further sell or give your software, along with the sources to somebody else. But this is work and it would involve charges, so he may choose not to do so. With OpenSSL many apparently did use it and resell it without compensating upstream. Only after HeartBleed did that situation change. For a more GPL example I've noticed DosBox Turbo reuses both DosBox and another port's work in their sources. My guess is unmodified reselling may be happening with WooCommerce plug-in's at Woothemes-plugins.com and Wooextension.com. Perhaps they are different for some folks. In my experience most people consider both terms any software that is free to acquire, use, and distribute. Regardless, if wares are acquired and used without charge then the impact on producers and the price expectations of consumers is the same. Certainly that is a benefit for the consumer. But my regrets are because I am a producer. When others can use one's work to resell updated copies without compensation then I doubt one would feel motivated to keep working on it. Interesting perspective, thanks for taking the time to share. I'd imagine that most people who do open source are in a similar situation. That is, expenses already paid. Yet such efforts also appear to undermine the value of your profession as a whole. Consider the poor-yet-educated developer (maybe strait out of college or living in the 3rd world) with a great idea for a to-do application like yours. He pours precious time and effort into his work. Then after establishing his product someone with time to spare starts giving away a free alternative. The poor developer cannot compete as more and more of his consumers, and potential customers, opt for the free project. Quality and execution are the arguments I often read in response to such an argument. Yet the sacrifice of the poor developer just to get basic functionality are greater than those of us who already have a day job. While I love to share, create, and avoid reinventing the wheel; I'd also like others to enjoy at least some of the career and benefits I've been blessed with. Great point. Does anyone know what--if any--limits Grease Monkey puts in place to prevent users from bring exploited? > The only negative feedback you should listen to is from people who really get your target area. And perhaps not even in that case. If they are entrenched in their ways or feel threatened then their advice may hinder. Still, is probably wise to get a variety of input just to avoid overlooking important fundamentals. True. But a jack of all trades with powerful tools may get to market sooner than a large group of specialists who can't see the forest through the trees. Firefox can do this with separate profiles too, so long as you also include --no-remote with other instances. My university was still using telnet around the same time. So I resorted to floppies before finally breaking down and getting a laptop. Red Hat came loaded on some of the college's surplus equipment. Before long I ended up trying it on my laptop too. Updating and driver support was weak back then. Thankfully this has improved a lot. Ubuntu is also a more novice friendly alternative. As an extension author this is disappointing. For all the hate XUL gets, it was a powerful tool to manipulate the UI. Hopefully the new API will be as empowering as the old without the same risks. And ideally this will happen before the old APIs are completely removed. A sliding door seems to be a perfect analogy. And they have existed long before Apple. If they were using Ghostery to block ads--aside from testing--that would be ironic. Or maybe busy people often have trouble saying 'no' Not exactly novel. I've heard of these for months now. A quick web search turns up this blog from 2008: http://www.acleandesign.com/2008/05/password-algorithms-crea... Also seems to produce short passwords. So if the parents are 'on' pot does that mean we've come full circle? > such that they can focus on higher value added work. If the trend continues until nearly everything is free+open then there may be less and less work which is considered "value added". I imagine BadUSB would fall into that latter category I'm curious if such trash would ever be picked up. While I can imagine people being more altruistic once their needs are met, humanity seems to be really near sighted when it comes to subtle-yet-broad problems like trash. "Out of sight, out of mind." KeePass is also an offline option. It includes the ability for auto type to split data among the clipboard and keyboard. Though I didn't like how wide open it is when unlocked, so I made LockyWindow as an plugin to fix that. If IRC's limitations are too cumbersome to workaround there is also XMPP. Patents are a tradeoff: short term power granted (to patent holder) in exchange for long term freedom (for everyone). Isn't this short term thinking? If it causes budget shortfalls elsewhere and the pork is exposed they end up unemployable. Actually I see tabs as a form of multiple document interface inside a single window. It's a valid approach to layering complexity as users multi task more. Excel sheets have worked this way for a long time. Separate windows are not the only way. The premise does align with my experience. Skilled people can adapt to and comprehend the business needs better than packaged tools. That said, well made tools can include lessons learned that could be expensive to develop in house. Often though those are only technical corner cases. Are you saying you basically extorted these companies for a job based on the threat of releasing open source software? PleasantSolutions.com may help. (Full disclosure: I sell an unrelated KeePass plug-in.) Pgpool replication can work that way too Less code is generally better. But I've noticed a lot of folks still using ^ or $ when what they really mean is \A or \z Ideally the code itself should communicate that intent. And comments can become obsolete as code changes. Hence the movement to reduce comments to only what's necessary. Rush hour patterns imply that a lot of that idle time would likely remain idle. EDIT: Fixed typo Not everyone is self motivated or disciplined enough to learn entirely online. Different people also find different learning styles with better for them. Have you looked into NVDA? "The phrase "money is the root of all evil" only exists for a reason..." And all this time I thought it was "love of money" "Never memorize what you can look up in a book" --Einstein CSV is strictly a single table, so it cannot normalize the data. You can end up with a lot of them or a lot of columns and empty cells. Wasn't the core of SQL Server actually Sybase? FYI: There are express and the older desktop versions available for free. Would the Buzz-sumo programmer be expected to investigate their terms of service too? (Often scraping is prohibited.) It may help stretch the brain, similar to learning a new language. Very true, yet the costs are often significant for what most would consider minor. For example speech recognition makes a lot of things easier but can significantly impact the computer's performance. I wonder how close Brave is to exactly this future. My guess is this depends on the child and the institution. Viewing such images risks increasing the production of more of them. Even if that risk is small or unproven the majority doesn't want to gamble. One advantage to the shareware era is there were fewer choices even with indies. During that time I began working at Babbage's when only 25% of the store was games. Now there are so many mainstream games a store cannot fit them all. Not sure about the "past accomplishments" part. I usually feel more drawn to old games I never finished. It can also help when jumping around between many different languages, especially when they are similar. Don't they have backups which could provide some probability the phones may contain relevant evidence? Feature creep if I recall correctly. Though Openshift is an interesting implementation. For the young and healthy that may be true. But we're all going to get old, and most of us will need medical care that could easily exceed that. My guess is this varies widely depending upon the business. Some are more compatible with automation than others. Ecological sustainability would be nice. Though it seems our current means of automating are more often at the expense of our environment. Are guaranteed livable wages a relatively modern phenomenon? Blackberry was doing well before app stores. This. Their text size and reflow are all that I miss from Opera Mobile. Resources consumed by non-subscriber blockers do increase their costs. Professional editions had this before BitLocker. Seems to be available again in v10. It didn't encrypt file names, only contents. Actually I recall an Asian math teacher who used basic English but did so to great effect. Her way of breaking problems down really helped me grasp them more effectively. Of course other non-native instructors were not as good, so I'd guess it depends. Based on what I've read it seems they're most concerned with the impact of consuming technology on their immediate community. My guess is they aren't as concerned about the production of what they consume. You feel safe (as in comfortable?) in whose home? Some people find it unacceptable to live with their parents/siblings/benefactors indefinitely. Well, they'll be cheap as long as energy is cheap. And solar cells are not yet made without fossil fuels. While his solution worked for him, it also revealed a flaw that could've been a deal breaker if sales were demoing the system. Of course what constitutes a significant problem is often up to a nontechnical department. Could be the gateway argument, that smoking less harmful stuff leads to harder stuff. This article offers a high level description of the various parts. While a decent read for the curious, I don't think it's necessary even for those going into embedded work. My experience jumping into some point-of-sale work after college is that anyone with even minimal programming experience can pick this stuff up as they go. Even the worst platform I developed for had built in guides and an IDE. Whitelist based email My experience has been that since underlying platform software changes so quickly locally run purchases are often more work to maintain than SAAS offerings. There is DarkMail Easier to take (possibly steal) on your terms? So animal slavery is the same as human slavery? Should animals automatically be assigned the same rights as humans? Negative value is a subjective judgement. Updates themselves are signed packages. While it's not ideal, careful users do gain value in an open, free, and mature solution. Full disclosure: I sell a plugin for KeePass 2. True, but there is a middle ground. The users of the service could boycott or make their voices heard in other ways. Of course when a single company has a near monopoly due to network effect they become a defacto government. In my experience Sikuli/X was too slow for image search on high definition desktops. UIs also tend to change more than keyboard shortcuts. Setup was always such a time consuming pain. Just tonight I tried to co-op a retro game which still went bad despite two (modern) source ports and hours of tweaking. Steam can help--for a price. Back in the day the first LANs I attended also took hours of preparation in the school AV lab. Still, being in person was interesting. Consoles with split screen make it so much easier. Serial was a bit tricky to get synced as I recall. Nomachine worked reasonably well for me cities apart. I believe it was adding some compression to X at the time; circa 2011. Anyone tried 0install? IME, the win in the application layer is when you can have faster copies pulled from a cache or validate rules that don't relate to other records. Education? This. Sadly even all electric cars have significant externalities. "more noise is made about the scary death robots." Likely because they make for better stories. I'm no fan of more government regulation. Yet it seems clear that totally unregulated markets with uneducated consumers makes a mess of things Technically you don't have to distribute through Mozilla, just submit for signing. While it's true they remain a gatekeeper it's not as bad as the IOS app-store. "Without developing a full-blown sandboxed App Store... there is no way for a pure software play to make money." Defaults can set powerful expectations. A freemium model could work if the market were a bit more willing to pay for software. Because automation takes time. Typically more than just doing it manually every time you move boxes. And sometimes the steps take hours worth of bandwidth when sneaker-net would suffice. > And I could argue that breaking more rules and being more aggressive during the financial melt down has left us much better of in the US. Not sure the aggression and rule breaking are what has helped in the US. Considering the US debt and wasted bailout money I'm not so sure the US really is better off. The broader point is externalities are involved in the use of software by a multitude of people. Even consentual sex can have such impacts when--for example--overpopulaton leads to starvation. Isn't that why he also supported Gnash to replace Flash: as a form of bridge? Aside: Interesting that Apple's insistence on not supporting Flash became a bigger influence. Albeit motivated more by battery drain than ideology. Yet selling software--not services--seems incompatible with RMS's insistence on the freedom of end users to distribute without cost. Sometimes it's impossible understand a podcast with only one ear. Though traffic signals like honking are important. So if it's not too loud otherwise I use only one ear. Worse are the radio stations playing honking/emergency sounds or jerks screaming suddenly as they pass, just for 'fun'. Creates unnecessary anxiety. Constellations of separate apps are better for users who only want certain parts without ceding unnecessary permissions and space. EDIT: 'is' to 'are' Unless it discourages future researchers from undertaking costly research. While true, I don't think this is ideal. Nor should we say it's acceptable. Perhaps there are solutions like capping the quantity, length and jargon of laws as a whole. While the embedded world does have some hard depth limits, my experience has been that the readability of breaking up a function are worth it. This seems especially true when the nested functions are carefully named. Yet without ACID. So many look to me like a familiar skin on a different animal. OwnCloud/NextCloud Especially in light of Ingress before it My father did this as well. Though I didn't like QBasic. So instead I focused on batch scripting--to get games running--then modding. Key to modding seems to be start with a game they like. > If Google brings Android apps onto Chrome on Windows 10 or macOS, it's over, everyone else has lost. Having tried BlueStacks repeatedly I wouldn't say that's game over. Unless Google pulls off the most seamless emulation ever. Sometimes I feel this way. Yet I wonder if it's just that my WP didn't have many apps. Had it been fully loaded the battery and speed advantages may have disappeared. > Prevent ads from blocking other ads is what is most likely about. I wonder where that would leave the Brave browser. > by default you're just specifying a list of tasks to be run on the target machine serially. You don't have to learn a programming language like Ruby to be productive with it. Actually it feels like functional programming to me. It seems to discourage dependencies by continuing (other steps) after failures unless explicitly skipped. Entropy and diminishing returns from readily accessible energy sources will kick in at some point. My guess is it'll happen before the robots are more adaptable to changing road conditions than humans. Yet if Apple becomes a significant majority in a given market then I imagine anti trust would be a concern Measuring that value precisely may ultimately consume more value than a crude metric like hours. This is likely more an artifact of the PHP community and philosophy being focused on ease of use and deployment, circa early 2000's. Consider that Ruby has a few dominant frameworks--like Rails--built on a language with read-hostile features like monkey patching. Unlike Python Ruby often has many ways of doing things, and that's reflected in community gems. (EDIT: swipe-typing fail.) Regardless, there has been some coalescing around more modern PHP frameworks like Laravel recently. Some frameworks are more composeable than others. Even some 'full-stack' ones like Symphony are becoming more component-ized Firefox has a built-in config key to disable animated images: image.animation_mode. And Chrome has a extension too. Grid can dynamically dispatch based on the browser and capabilities you want when you create the session. For some that would be a sad development. Certain able gamers depend upon a sliding scale of difficulty, and at the lower end it could be a slightly interactive movie like experience. Casual players too may prefer a simpler and story focused experience. Requiring a lot of branching and variation may limit story depth. If humans write the algorithms then all the subconscious bias of their authors will still influence them. Algorithms are not holy. Nor is data. It was very gray and cyan by default. Those which came after are better IMO. I grew up in the DOS-Win3-9x era. Even nostalgia can't overcome how ugly the oldies are in comparison. A hardcopy backup is also wise XML is more extensible than JSON. So the latter if a trade off, not an optimization. Perhaps comparing with binary XML would be better. In northern Ohio bicycling all year is becoming more practical as there is less snow lately. Parts of Canada may have a lot more snow and severe cold. Perhaps that's why the pragmatic programmer book was so big on text files for everything. Even if all you have is grep and find they'll work. > Participation in club activities (sports or otherwise) is basically mandatory in junior and senior high school. Not in my experience. For some parents and communities maybe, but certainly not all. Without brand it's hard to stand out in the crowded messaging space. Sometimes payment goes through a third party like BrainTree. So if the merchant wants to minimize the PCI-DSS liability they may use JS to send the data directly to the processor. Games can be really complex 'hard-tech', but compare Elite Dangerous's small+ iterative to Star Citizen's big+all-at-once approaches. Even with things like nuclear energy and particle colliders I'd guess those who succeeded probably started small and iterated. Medical care, children, and less fortunate family members would likely make this impractical for many--if not most. Title implies a broader conclusion than I got from the article. Article seems to conclude that people often compromise on their own morals to conform. Not that "almost all wrongdoing" boils down to social pressures. Still, it was a good read. Didn't the flappy bird developer take a break because of the negative impact users reported? As problems come to light I imagine producers will become more thoughtful about what they make. "The future is probably wealthier, has better technology, and can reap the reward..." For how long can this be true when there are finite-easily-accessible resources? Honestly I feel like the downloads folder is something of a waste. Typically the software there is too old by the time I find myself reinstalling. Perhaps it should be auto purged as things age. Most users probably instinctively move things to be kept elsewhere No! Too much power and information in one place is always bad Reminds me of the proverb about letting others praise you and not praising yourself. Though seems quite mixed when you echo the praise of others. Do you rely on DBAs to help with that tuning and maintenance? Or are developers handling that? This depends upon the business case. Some just do not permit reloading the whole page for every server interaction. Very interactive multiplayer games come to mind. We are in a different place today; arguably worse. And if everyone ad-blocking is not sustainable then there will be less for you to consume. "I love hearing a developer at a daily stand-up meeting saying he's been up all night..." A phrase I heard from a much older, wiser developer: "heroism doesn't scale." If you encourage workaholic behavior don't be surprised if the team starts falling apart, or worse if their families suffer. Ideally these extra features could be put at the bottom or tucked away under menus. But I think the assumption is that power users have a desktop. This seems the most practical, though I imagine the consumer is likely going change their ISP until they find one that won't. So ISPs have no incentive to do this unless they're regulated. If customers or ISPs had tools to find out which devices were at fault then it may be more feasible. Mattermost? As a daily Linux user I feel your pain, but have you considered Windows 10 with their Ubuntu coop install? I'm seriously considering it for user-space apps. GPL doesn't prohibit payment. It just implicitly undercuts payment because the first to pay can redistribute for less or nothing. Yet some projects still squeak out some money: Synergy, DOSBox Turbo, etc. Perhaps David gets more grace than Goliath? Or Austin's government is oblivious. Years ago I migrated from OS X to Kubuntu. Back then KDE was far and away the easiest to reconfigure to Mac's keyboard shortcuts. KDE apps used to be integrated well too which felt a lot like Mac. Some also lacked polish, but they made up for it in customization and theming options which put OSX to shame. Mobile browsers don't always keep things until the server says they expire. That being said a frequent user will probably end up saving data in the long run. IME free and open software does tend toward abandonment or some form of monetization over time. Just ran into this with Synergy recently. Serious question: do you audit code changes in browser updates? EDIT: I realize there are (probably) fewer authors involved there. String matching is much simpler than timing and other means. Terse+honest agent strings could also avoid the confusing bloat seen in UAs like Edge. Theoretically, OS and hardware access outside the sandbox most browsers are confined to. Toggl for example can log time per window title when it's app is running on desktop. What alternatives have you found with more choice? Ubuntu phones? While practical this creates instant monopolies. Where is SemVer for hardware models? Hard to know until you've done it. You could end up with Drupal when all you needed was WordPress. "...receiving mail even though she specifically made sure that that box was unchecked..." One would hope laws about fraud would cover this situation. If there is only one desktop user and their only session is locked, then yes. On a multi user workstation the current behavior--initiating new adapter--may be preferred. VeraCrypt and CipherShed picked up where TrueCrypt left off. Best thing about Windows Phone was the email notifications didn't make noise by default. ... If all those sites blindly rely upon automatic updates. Some popular fiction may help establish a reading habit. Hopefully one that will mature into more substantive material. Could it be the difference between engineering and research/science? Often programmers are just trying to get something that works on time and under budget. And the hardware today is less constrained than the programmer's schedule. Imagine being told to weave something overnight, the only needle is lost in a haystack. But there are plenty of thin sticks on the ground and some thread. Oh, and the product is expected to last 3 months at most. If humans cannot live sustainably on Earth then what hope is there of existing in any form elsewhere? This is why I wish PostgreSQL just had explicit hints. Their argument against is sensible as it does increase the maintenance cost, but when features become defacto planner hints then readability suffers more. And both Perl and Python suffer/benefit from radical breaks that split the ecosystem. Peer exposure was important for me growing up. Despite bullying it is useful for learning to relate to others at and below one's level. And for only children that may not be available outside school. Of course with schools the ratio of peers to adults is dangerously close to Lord of the Flies. Suddenly the local city rules about sidewalk quality doesn't seem so bad. Thanks for sharing. Maybe since the characteristic being called out is related to ability? Of course there is a spectrum, and at some point nearly everyone is unable to do common tasks we usually take for granted. I'm amazed how quickly I forget after recovering from an injury or finding a workaround to a physical limitation. "Deafness is a defining and inseparable part of who they are as a person" Tangent: How true is that for people who become deaf at different stages of life besides birth? Having just tried the Oculus tonight--and no others--I think each buyer should try them all personally before dropping the minimum $400 cost. Perhaps FB would benefit from a check or looks-interesting reaction The cat and mouse game between publishers and blockers continues to pollute the web for everyone. Sad to see things escalating so quickly. Barring some massive breakthroughs my guess is planet earth has far too few resources for that to become reality. After being burned by ATI and Nvidia driver installs gone bad I'm reluctant to use anything but the defaults. Software SDKs too seem especially brittle when installed apart from the recommended options. So it's not only casual users who prefer the default. "Task Manager is a fundamental tool to understand the runtime state" IIRC, the taskbar and tray are meant to communicate that at all times. But trays were easily overrun as people installed more and more background software on a single PC. Modern taskbars too have become so crowded there are groupings and virtual taskbars for the virtual desktops. One cause is software unnecessarily running at all times. Another is people do more with their PCs than in times past. The bane of high-contrast users everywhere The iPhone home button being one example of a context heavy control The YouTube license TLDR says "Don't download" yet the Red service offers offline viewing. So my concern would be that the summaries might cause more confusion, especially arrive premium features. EDIT: fixed typo > Wikipedia had evolved from the early days when I was consistently delighted to find information on all manner of obscure topics IMO, encyclopaedias aren't meant for obscure topics. And any products or services with a focus on curation have to discriminate. Of course the criteria for doing so will probably always be controversial. Some rolled-their-own solutions may have been done before feature/library X emerged. Ironically because those which came later were initially excluded to follow a "take small bites" approach. Why they have non-experts grading specialized subjects is beyond me. I don't want my physics work graded by the PE teacher or vice versa; unless they're knowledgeable in both. Profit motive? If so it seems short sighted. "So why not do it?" Because giving your work away too freely devalues your work and that of your peers. That may be offset by the benefits depending on the circumstance. "Don't forget that marketing budgets for pharmaceuticals are also huge" Why is it advertising regulated drugs to uninformed consumers is legal? Recepient's zone I imagine. "If spamming the user with popups and emails makes them click and buy more, adding more of it is making the site more user friendly." That's a generous interpretation of "user friendly." If a user genuinely wanted those things, then yes it's truly an improvement. If users didn't want them but got the impression pop-ups and emails were required then it's more debatable. Put another way, paying for things is not user friendly, but without doing so there would be less worthy of buying. "With the coming of VR I expect we're going to see more commonly people who barely if ever go on vacation but go on vacation via VR." As an introvert who also enjoys VR, I doubt many people will do VR instead of physical vacation trips. The pros of real life trips (people, food, weather, sports) outway the those offered by current or near future VR (go 'anywhere', teleport instantly, etc.). Hopefully the future will prove me wrong. Owncloud and Nextcloud aren't a protocol, but they do support WebDAV and have Dropbox-like features. EDIT: Fixed typo "However, many companies that have open offices enjoyed an incredible success and some even achieved world domination (Facebook). How is that even possible is what I'd really like to know." Many civilizations also thrived on the backs of slave labor. We don't look to slavery as the way forward today. That being said, some people prefer the social aspects of working physically close to others. Ideally companies will provide what works best for each employee. At the end of the day business is both by and for people. EDIT: Corrected typo Seems to be missing a 'not' "Think of the assembly line worker..." While I'm grateful to service workers who must be on-site because of the nature of their work, there is a case to be made that some workers are more productive and happy private settings. And if the overall costs are similar then why don't information workers have a choice? "...industry-style work environment, and one that has been enormously successful..." Seems to be confusing correlation with causation. > can be fun, but the gameplay becomes pretty limited If I recall correctly, low gravity often made me want to avoid jumping due to the lack of air control compared to ground running. "But it can be a tremendous source of signal..." Does relying upon such a signal risk putting minorites--who typically have less free time--at a disadvantage? Do those stats account for different populations of users? I imagine there are far more people using alcohol and tobacco. My guess is that if robots put enough people out of work then the ability to pay will impact the demand "...software you are already giving for free" Free and open software has created the expectation that software has no cost. Trying to overcome that after the fact will take time and education. "I hope to retire next year to do open source full time with money made from closed source." Sounds like pulling the ladder up afterward. Perhaps the niche you plan to target with FOSS would have supported a fresh graduate's new career. But your work may condition that market to expect it for free. I always appreciated that Postgresql documents their differences from standard SQL. When I want to know the standard way I often revisit their documents, in addition to those of the database I'm using. Doing it is one thing. Distributing for free is taking it a step further. If enough people take those extra steps then eventually the value of programming as a skill is diminished for everyone. I imagine you'd notice the battery drain if that were really a mic eavesdrop. More likely you and your wife are demographically similar to others those advertisers are researching and targeting Those files will add up very quickly. On Linux I had screenshots for every click for months and the results were numerous enough to bring 'ls' to its knees Doom modding was a challenge too, though more because the tools were immature. Now Duke3D changed that when it shipped with Build. Now I know teens who still use Build to experiment despite it being nearly as old as them. IME Windows 7 and above are judicious about the elevation prompts, at least compared to Vista. Sadly too many legacy apps still need those privileges. And those users who don't understand the risks may be more likely to be using that kind of older software.