MSR is a very powerful research org, agreed. In, say, machine learning and computer vision, this has been so for over 15 years. But the point, and it is a valid one, is that this research does not seem to be turned in to actual products. What is the systemic problem? Why has Google, which historically has had nowhere near the research depth, been able to innovate demonstrably, but not MSR? One hypothesis is that research innovation starts with a small idea. It's easier to deploy a small idea on the web than as part of shrink-wrap software. Google can field the small idea, and iterate it on the web. But to be included in the kind of software MS ships, you have to do things like (a) convince a project like Office to take it on, or (b) pitch it as part of a "big concept future system". Avenue (a) is very hard. And avenue (b) tends to produce vaporware. Sound familiar? Related: "Caring for Your Introvert" http://www.theatlantic.com/doc/200303/rauch I would add that German standards for auto maintenance are much higher than American ones. There are regular inspections (yearly?) to enforce these standards. I wonder if the authors of the study would be as on-board for intrusive inspections as they are for removing speed limits? It's hard to be sure you would have no leg to stand on. It would be an emotionally charged conversation, and misinterpretation would be likely. If the hiring manager, for instance, said anything about a legally protected characteristic (like age or marital status, for example), it could be easily construed as illegal discrimination. One could make the communication written to avoid certain types of misunderstanding, but then you'd give the lawyers an actual document to play with. There is no upside. Remember that the hiring manager can be sued personally , not just the business. Finally, consider another factor. Most of the time there are several qualified candidates and one may stand out. That does not mean the others were bad, just that one candidate clicked. It is of negative value to say "Nothing personal, but we really hit it off with Mr. Foobar and not you." Silence is actually better than pronouncing an under-informed judgement on someone based on a series of half-hour interviews. The C&D article (and the ones it points to about their road test) is really good. Because there are more people talking about this than actually know anything. Including in this thread. The C&D article does leave the door open to the possibility of the brakes not stopping the car. If you pump the brakes, rather than firmly putting them down once, you may lose vacuum, or overheat the brakes in a series of "slow down a little" steps. The vacuum is apparently hard to replenish when the throttle is open. The advice about turning the car off works sometimes, but not always. Suppose you're in a rental Lexus like the one the CA state trooper died in. Would you know that to kill the engine, you have to depress the off button for 3 seconds continuously? Three seconds is a long time with the throttle wide open. It seems the key technical mistake on Toyota's part, as pointed out in the C&D article, is to omit an interlock that kills the throttle when the brake is depressed. This is apparently standard on many other cars. Toyota's damage control on this has been disastrous. That is quite literally how it works, although most emerging artists (who are serious about their career, and who have a real chance at regional or national prominence) would probably not describe what they're doing as "noble", more like "crazy", but in the understanding that that's also the only path that works for them. The other option is to have rich parents. Sounds snarky, but it's true. In that case, you also get contacts and an understanding of the social class of most collectors. (My wife got her MFA from UCLA and shows around LA.) The Bush VSE (Vision for Space Exploration) was actually about directing money to Texas (JSC) and Florida (KSC), two key electoral states. (Ex-Majority Leader Tom Delay's home district in Texas includes JSC, e.g. http://www.spacepolitics.com/2004/11/23/delay-at-jsc-and-oth... ). This calculus explains why, as I think you note, they didn't care about actually getting to the moon . ;-) In particular, the VSE was not about using upstart private launch companies (such as SpaceX). It was about JSC, KSC, and the large prime contractors (USA aka United Space Alliance, and ULA = United Launch Alliance, both Boeing/LockMart joint ventures) that are associated with them and that together employ over 10K people. I believe SpaceX employs substantially less than 1000, even today. In typical Bush fashion, the VSE was all slogans and no substance. The officials involved believed in what they were doing, but there was not a coherent plan (actually there have been at least two phases of the VSE, with distinct strategies). And of course, as others above have noted, not enough money. The slogan for that approach was "go as you pay". (I.e., we will do the best we can with what you give us.) Sounds cute, but does not get you into orbit. Lumping JPL/Caltech in with LockMart and Boeing does not make sense. The first is a research lab mainly concerned with conceiving and building robotic (unmanned) missions. The second two are mainly involved with operating manned flight systems. No comparison. Same here, and this rings true. "Nice" is what you get, and nice has its limits. What's the distinction between what you're proposing and Squeezebox (formerly slimp3)? http://www.logitechsqueezebox.com/ Their low-end product is a table radio at $150 street price. I've also had an excellent experience with 3 versions of their hardware (slimp3, squeezebox2, radio). Another pointer with a HN resonance is (note the beer bottle): http://gigaom.com/2006/09/07/portrait-of-a-startup-slim-devi... Of course they sold to Logitech some time ago: http://gigaom.com/2006/10/18/slim-devices/ In fact, the NASA budget was not cut. It is increasing over the next few years. The initiative discussed will mean reformulating (again) the manned spaceflight program (which is a good idea). It would probably not be a good thing to "give NASA a massive budget". It would prove politically unsustainable, and then it would be cut back down. The resulting turmoil is not usually worth it. Or alternatively, the reflexive need of some to transpose everything into NY terms to "understand" it. http://strangemaps.wordpress.com/2007/02/07/72-the-world-as-... If you do this, and use a MBP, beware of this problem: http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/youtube/thread?tid=7cf... Symptoms are a very loud click, and then no audio plays until the computer's audio is reset -- do this by plugging in and removing an external device. It happened to my MBP and I thought I'd broken the hardware, it was that loud. The early Titan launches were not too successful either: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Titan_launches The Delta's were between 90-95% successful: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delta_(rocket_family) The expertise of the SpaceX people I've known is impressive. I think it's too early to tell whether the SpaceX advantages (dropping cost-plus, plus incorporating 50 years of rocketry experience) will result in better technology. There are lots of reasons to suppose it will. I don't know the duration, but would be surprised if that huge structure lasted more than a few hours (due to the lack of visible rotation of the feature -- the rotational period of the sun is about 27 days as seen from Earth). The spatial scale is also awe-inspiring. The diameter of the prominence is about 1/6 that of the Sun. The Sun is about 110x the diameter of the Earth. This means 15-20 Earths would fit, end to end, inside the magnetic loop. For another point of comparison, see: http://umbra.nascom.nasa.gov/eit/images/Sun_and_earth.jpg Keep in mind that the instrument developers who built the two imagers onboard have spent the last ~10 years of their life working largely on this project. For many of them, it will be the crowning achievement of their career. The results are likely to reshape the discipline due to the increase in spatial and (especially!) temporal resolution. To get this thing to work, they had to overcome a lot of technical obstacles, including thermal stability of the focal plane and optics (it's a high-resolution telescope that mostly sits in the sun, but goes into Earth's shadow regularly, altering lengths of optical paths), and bandwidth issues (a set of 16-bit 4096x4096 images every ~10 seconds). Finally, and this is not made clear in the press materials, they're exploiting some neat spectral effects to get unusual "images": spatially-resolved velocity (thru Doppler shifting of spectral lines) and spatially-resolved magnetic field (thru the Zeeman effect). That is, an image of local magnetic field. Those calibrated images are a main driver of the science -- although the flare pictures are cool. Putting it all together is an impressive technical feat. An apple also figures in the story: "One day, when Gregor emerges from his room, his father chases him around the dining room table and pelts him with apples. One of the apples becomes embedded in his back, causing an infection. Due to his infection and his hunger, Gregor is soon barely able to move at all." (via wikipedia) I think introducing some mystery of programming would be nice. The draft is very linear and predictable. How about a random number generator (linear RNGs are easy to code)? Or a line-by-line chaotic ascii art generator (like Wolfram's CA's)? Or, some other way to combine some of the string stuff with the arithmetic stuff. Also, I think python's + and * string operators are far cooler than the string escape sequences. A 6th or 7th grader would have mastered + and * for numbers, and the extension to strings might be interesting to them. Think of how cool some of the examples in SICP are as an inspiration. Simple, powerful, surprising . Not just type this, get that. The last page is nice, and insightful about the expanding future for using programming to advance another discipline. The bitterness at the end ("go to hell") was an off-taste. Nice article with a lot of information. Honest question here: you make some strong claims, have you been involved in speech recognition research, or are you an informed outsider? It seems like the latter? Poking fun at AI optimists like Kurzweil is fun, but not insightful at this time. The field has taken a different direction since then and I'm not sure that people know where corpus based statistical methods are going to go. Again, honest question. Why these quotes? Is anything Thomas Jefferson, Walter Mondale, or the Dalai Lama said automatically true? The tedious parts of the job are left on the (proverbial) cutting room floor. Like construction projects, there's a lot of people just standing around waiting at a shoot. Probably you're the only one at the restaurant who cares that you're eating alone. Certainly your dinner alone is well below Yahweh's interest threshold. So, relax, slow down, and enjoy your meal. Because you're not busy talking, you can appreciate your food better. For me, it's probably the iconic picture of 20th century political action. Antenna size is not the problem with reception. It's white gaussian noise over the deep space channel progressively overcoming signal power as the spacecraft recedes. The channel capacity never drops to zero, but as power drops, data rates get lower and lower. Quite true. One standard solution is TMR: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_modular_redundancy I doubt that Voyager used TMR, they probably used the best rad-hardened hardware they could build at the time (within power and weight constraints). They've got to be simplifying this a lot for the sake of making a press report understandable. They don't even know there's only one bit flipped. If there is one, they will have to do some analysis to figure out that it would really cause the problem. Some other relevant details from http://voyager.jpl.nasa.gov/Proposal-2008/Voyager_SR_2008.pd... : "Voyager 1 is escaping the solar system at a speed of about 3.6 AU/year while Voyager 2 is leaving at about 3.3 AU/year. Power is the limiting lifetime consumable. The two spacecraft have power to continue returning science data beyond the year 2020. It is likely that at least one of the spacecraft could enter interstellar space while adequate power is still available. All other consumables are adequate for continued operations well past 2020." "Electrical power is supplied by three Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generators (RTGs) which are performing nominally. The current power levels are about 286 watts, with power margins of about 34 watts and an average degradation rate of about 4.3 watts per year." "Real-time telemetry data capture is accomplished using 34- and 70-meter tracking antennas of the DSN. Capture of the recorded high rate plasma wave data from Voyager 1 requires the use of an array of 70- and 34-meter antennas." "Uplink communication is via S-band (16-bits/sec command rate) while an X-band transmitter provides downlink telemetry at 160 bits/sec normally and 1.4 kbps for playback of high-rate plasma wave data." Look at his publications: http://wuphys.wustl.edu/~katz/publist.html He does not seem to have particular expertise on this problem. Here's a good summary of the team Steven Chu, himself a Nobelist, appointed: http://tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2010/05/mission_im... Note that Katz is called the "What am I doing here" person. And note, the above summary piece was posted in advance of those writings coming out. I think the real issue is, why did Chu ask Katz to join the team in the first place? He's really not got the same track record as the others on the team. Not even close. If you just want the equations, try: http://www.ece.cmu.edu/~byronyu/papers/derive_ks.pdf And for the EKF: http://www-npl.stanford.edu/~byronyu/papers/derive_eks.pdf In the days when Sussman was a novice Minsky once came to him as he sat hacking at the PDP-6. "What are you doing?", asked Minsky. "I am training a randomly wired neural net to play Tic-Tac-Toe." "Why is the net wired randomly?", asked Minsky. "I do not want it to have any preconceptions of how to play." Minsky shut his eyes. "Why do you close your eyes?", Sussman asked his teacher. "So the room will be empty." At that moment, Sussman was enlightened. My point: not to confuse "no preconceptions" with "not much directly usable knowledge." Look at the resumes of the people on the team. You've got the head of one of the premier research institutions in the nation (Sandia), a national medal of science winner who has consulted about the Kuwait oil well disaster, a robotics engineer, and a petroleum engineer. And an astrophysicist. About Feynman, remember, he was a Nobelist and widely understood, when he was appointed, to be the most brilliant physicist of the latter half of the 20th century. His university (Caltech) runs a NASA facility, JPL, where his sister and a lot of his colleagues worked. This is not a fair summary of the facts. One person you describe as a nuclear engineer also did this: "In 1991, Garwin convened a symposium of experts to discus ways to stem oil flows from Kuwait wells, set on fire by Iraq during the Gulf War." One other person you describe as a nuclear engineer was also head of Sandia for 5 years. You will end up with a broad knowledge of engineering techniques in a wide-ranging position like that; robotic handling techniques for nuclear material are something DOE labs know a lot about. Another person is a robotics engineer; again, highly relevant here. The reason that's there is historical instances of profiteers selling substandard food to the military. Here's a static picture of the same thing, but much more accurate and inclusive: http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?orbits e.g., http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?ss_inner http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?ss_distant I agree with your friend; the optimal strategy is more nuanced than "don't say anything". In fact, a lot of New Scientist online articles have this problem. I've stopped clicking. The book "The Commissar Vanishes" presents bunch of before-and-after photographs in which various of Stalin's associates and henchmen are removed from photos after they become persona non grata. Some examples: http://tfustudios.blogspot.com/2009/11/commissar-vanishes.ht... The first photo above shows an eerie example: So many of the commissars have been removed from the official history, that Stalin is alone in the photo. With all respect, people should be doing things they're drawn to. When you're about to retire, if you didn't enjoy the ride, you probably chose wrong, even if you were Floyd or Warshall. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ozymandias "messy divorce": http://moschus.livejournal.com/141570.html Suddenly, everyone is broke: http://moschus.livejournal.com/140610.html From the article: "Furthermore, all types of quantum computers have been shown to be mathematically identical, so if one won't work, none of them will." This is vague, and does not say if it pertains to only QC's used on problems in NP, or in general. As other posters have noted, the subject resists simplification. For more, see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_computer#Relation_to_co... http://qwiki.stanford.edu/wiki/Petting_Zoo#BQP The fanboy phenomenon is real: people, usually guys, often younger, who idolize one brand of hardware, usually because it's what they own. It's just like: http://www.nytimes.com/slideshow/2009/08/28/automobiles/0830... So, we might as well have a word for it. MO has become specialized in combinatorics, graph theory, and algebra; if you didn't go deep in these areas you may feel at a loss. But additionally, the level of formality and carefulness in discourse is considerably higher than SO or HN. It's more reminiscent of LTU. That would be symmetric, but no, it's not the case. Most of the SO questions are of a more naive character. ("I got this error message, what do I do?") I disagree with this. For non-cryptographic purposes, the Mersenne Twister is very pseudorandom, has a huge period, and is competitively fast. There are also related shift-register techniques that have these properties. The state of the art in PRNG's is still advancing, but it takes a fairly esoteric example to find a blind spot of the MT (if initialized properly, as wrappers should do). Way outside the "generate a random 512x512 bitmap" variety. Passed in 1996, not that long ago: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helms–Burton_Act One version, by John Dryden (1681): Great wits are sure to madness near allied, and thin partitions do their bounds divide. http://pr.caltech.edu/periodicals/336/articles/Volume%202/05... This is a classic question where some of the usual assumptions of the method conventionally applied, the Maximum Likelihood (ML) principle, break down. There's a good explanation at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_tank_problem#Example In a nut, the ML estimator of N, the number of tanks produced, is the max of the serial numbers. But this is biased, in particular, it tends to systematically underestimate N. (Because you're unlikely to actually observe the top serial number in your random sample.) So you can add a correction term which is, intuitively, the expected gap between the serial numbers in the finite sample. The correction makes up for the fencepost effect. It goes to zero as the number of samples increases. You can show that the max is a comprehensively better estimator than twice the mean. This is one of the rare cases where you can outperform the mean by a large margin. The standard deviation of the mean-based estimator, which measures its accuracy, will go down like 1/sqrt(n) where n is the number of samples in the finite set. This is the rate standardly seen in lots of estimation problems. But the standard deviation of the max-based estimator will go down like 1/n, a much faster rate. That's one manifestation of the "weirdness" of this problem. It means you can get surprisingly good estimates of the number of tanks considering the small numbers of observations. I like that explanation. For every commonly used frequentist estimator, there is an uncountable infinity of intractable Bayesian estimators. The usual way is to define variance as the expectation of the number times its complex conjugate -- it's complex magnitude. In particular, the variance is real. In the pseudo code, the key lines are the two after the "else" in "Push". The recurrence for the mean (first line of the two) would be unchanged. The second line, the update for m_newS, would need a conjugate on either the first or the second parenthesized expression (in the product). Since eventually the returned variance is proportional to Sk, Sk must be real. Being real, Sk must equal its transpose. So, it must not matter which parenthesized expression you conjugate. And, you should be able to just store Sk as a real number. To verify that it does not matter which side you put the conjugate on, just expand the defining expression for Sk (given in the article). By plugging the expression for M(k) into that for S(k), you will see the additive correction to S(k) comes out in terms of: delta = x(k) - M(k-1) In fact, it comes out in terms of delta times its conjugate, no matter which place you put the conjugate. (This also checks that Sk is indeed real when computed this way.) Doing this algebra is good because it allows you to simplify the complex arithmetic considerably. I would assert that people don't even know how to conceptualize the question in these terms ("random number" == "uniform distribution"). After you do study probability (by gambling, by lab work, by quantitative programming, or, least fun, in coursework), you get introduced to the "right questions to ask", like: "what's the distribution", "are the samples independent", "what are you conditioning upon" For instance, many people don't know that the distribution of the sum of two dice looks very different than just one die. They're both random, but not both uniform. Often people know something's weird, but can't formulate the question because they don't have the language. I get "snap" reliably from Chrome 5.0.375.70. I get crashes from Safari 4. OS X 10.6.3. Part of the problem with objective cost/benefit analysis in the case of nuclear exposure is the history of government deception about the risks of nuclear experiments. All that lying has made people very distrustful of both scientists and the government. I found http://mitpress.mit.edu/catalog/item/default.asp?ttype=2&... to be a revelation in this regard. It's about the uses and abuses of the Nevada test site over the 1950s. From the summary: "In the late 1950s, birth defects and deaths from cancer began to soar among civilian and military test-site workers and their newborn children, and among "downwinders" living in Nevada, Utah and other western states. Gallagher, a professional photographer, spent several years interviewing and photographing these nuclear-test victims and gathering evidence of official indifference, callousness and outright cover-ups. The sheer density of suffering depicted here is awesome; in certain Utah towns, for instance, Gallagher found cases of cancer in every house. The bitter, stoic testimony of the victims (many of whom have since died), accompanied by Gallagher's photographic portraits of them, is deeply disturbing and exposes a major national scandal. " Maybe it has to do with the drugs being a felony? Eric Schmidt of Google claims to delete essentially all his e-mails: http://www.slate.com/id/2249124/pagenum/all On the West coast it's pretty common to know a Japanese American family who had a family member, still living, in an internment camp. It's usually not the first thing that gets talked about. It's very real history. For more: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fundamental_theorem_of_arithmet... I agree that some mathematical objects are "more fundamental than others"; primes are probably among the most basic. If you're interested in the ontological status of mathematical entities, and the process and meaning of mathematics, check out "The Mathematical Experience" by Davis and Hersh, http://books.google.com/books?id=lMdz84dWNnAC&printsec=f... There is a section on primes starting on page 209. The SBIR program is kind of like what you're proposing: http://www.sbir.gov/solicitations/ It's walled off so that larger entities cannot propose to it (somewhat contrary to "free market" principles, but whatever). I've managed proposal reviews for SBIR, and the average quality is noticeably lower than NSF proposals I've reviewed. Of course there is significant overlap between them, but that's the average. So I'm not sure your idea would accomplish anything new. It's far broader than DoD. See the solicitation I referenced or: http://www.sbir.gov/federal_links.htm (I managed a small SBIR category for NASA.) Despite the rhetoric, they do provide a sustainable flow of work to many organizations (sometimes referred to as "SBIR shops"). About basic vs. applied research: What I was trying to say is: The relative lack of breakthrough success for SBIR seems to imply that smaller, more nimble (market-responsive?) organizations are not the answer. Nice link. The article before Mazur's, by Davis (author of the book I mentioned above) is also good. There's a lot of them (dozens) at various office buildings where I work. They're good for an office setting, where people get used to the quirks, which are mainly: nothing but urine in the urinal (in particular, no saliva, which can clog the one-way-flow mechanism). At an airport, it would be asking for trouble. http://www.longnow.org/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_geological_repository http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SubTropolis First, you need a 70m antenna. http://deepspace.jpl.nasa.gov/dsn/ http://deepspace.jpl.nasa.gov/dsn/images/realtime/latestS.jp... And, it seems simple, but is not: you need very precise pointing, and very precise ephemeris ( http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?horizons ) to get the relative velocity to the s/c. You need velocity so you know what the Doppler-shifted frequency of the transmission will be. I agree that the point is interesting. Part of it is the differentness of the environment (high radiation, low temperature, microgravity, great distance). This necessitates a rethinking of design constraints at a fundamental physical level -- i.e. deriving system constraints from first principles. Another part of it is the unique nature of a lot of the stuff we send out there -- rovers to Mars, planetary orbiters with exotic cameras, Earth-orbiting satellites with hyperspectral imagers or advanced radars, powerful telescopes with cryogenic optical/infrared cameras. Here's an example (.mov): http://marsrover.nasa.gov/gallery/video/movies/mer_ch_edl_Te... from http://marsrover.nasa.gov/gallery/video/challenges.html The calculated and blatant appeal to three market segments (women, corporates, teens) is part of the unhip smell of the ad. Yes, see van der Linden's Deep C Secrets: http://books.google.com/books?id=4vm2xK3yn34C&printsec=f... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_to_the_bottom Why the downvotes? The linked page points to the judicial concept of the "Race to the Bottom" in which countries/states/counties competitively weaken their laws to attract investment. The record of scientists in examining the links of race and intelligence is not so good. People tend to jump to conclusions even when they think they're being logical. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenics http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craniometry I wasn't drawing the conclusion that we should not explore the question. But I do think people should wonder: With all the useful, actionable questions arising from genetic research, why are we attracted by an unseen force to the particular question of intelligence and race? Why not try to address a question more likely to help people (e.g., the genetic origin of certain diseases)? Why the fascination with this question? I'm not talking about forbidding certain investigations, just trying to be smart about prioritizing investigations. You say "...it will probably show that..." -- already injecting preconceived notions of the outcome into the scientific question. This is an example of why investigations into this question seem to reveal more about the investigator than the question. The insight was in knowing to look at differences, week(n) - week(n-1). That was not the raw data. They also noticed that the percentages of "men in favor of Obama" and "women in favor of Obama" did not tend to be odd/even or even/odd numbers. They were even/even or odd/odd. That's obvious only in hindsight. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Chastise The technology was innovative, but the results were mixed. Almost half the aircrews died, and the main casualties of the resulting floods were forced laborers and POWs. I felt that article had a point, but overstated it. There are lots of domains -- simulation, computer vision, robotic control, machine learning -- which are CPU bound and will remain so for the next decade. In fact, one of the cutting edges of these domains is always CPU bound, practically by definition (sensor densities also increase quickly with time). The following is probably the best-known result bearing his name: http://www.scholarpedia.org/article/Rao-Blackwell_theorem His race seems to have profoundly affected his career trajectory. See also: Alan Turing, Albert Einstein. The Guardian's reporting package is considerably more comprehensive than the NYT. In short, the lack of a proof-based class renders students Calc-clueless. (groan) This happened to me. I went straight from high school calc into college differential equations because the AP score allowed me. It took a Rudin-based analysis course, much later, for me to appreciate proofs of convergence or epsilon-delta arguments, because my H.S. calc did not have them, and the college diff-eq assumed you knew them already. The shock was painful. Eventually though, you learn what you need to know. referring to http://daringfireball.net/misc/2010/07/url-matching-regex-te... you can see he wants to match things like www.example.com, but not filename.txt So www. can introduce a url also. The LAPD has a much more informative interface http://www.lapdcrimemaps.org/ which separates out crime by types. You can clearly see patterns such as GTA's (car theft) along major streets in Hollywood. It seems mistaken to assert that Google's R&D enterprise is not "pushing the boundary of what's possible". Stopping with published papers and conference prominence, when you have the reach that MSFT does, seems to be missing an opportunity. And given this, which culture is under more pressure to change, MSR's or Google's? ed preceded TCP (first ed manual I could find is dated 1971; the first TCP research paper was by Cerf and Kahn in 1974). When ed was used, it would be common to interact with the computer on a teletype, not even on a crt monitor. So a response meant printing characters on paper. sed was and is more about programmatic editing (i.e., editing a stream as it was generated, using a script for commands), or editing of large files that would overwhelm system memory, not about some kind of remote usage the way you're describing. Nope, not confusing them. I'm well acquainted with MSR. Just saying that the focus on papers and conference presence/sponsorship has not translated into impact on products. Seems a pity. Here is a summary of this very long review article, as done by a Science magazine summary I read: "Although undergraduates from wealthy nations are numerous and willing research subjects, psychologists are beginning to realize that they have a drawback: They are WEIRDos. That is, they are people from Western, educated, industrialized, rich, and democratic cultures. In a provocative review paper published last week, a pair of researchers argues that WEIRDos aren't representative of humans as a whole and that psychologists routinely use them to make broad, and quite likely false, claims about what drives human behavior." The claim that the Word layout engine is as good as TeX's is not correct. Even for math-free text, TeX does a better job of hyphenating and line-breaking. The TeX algorithm specifically tries have low variability in line-to-line fill density. Word does not care, which can result in a loose line between two tight lines, causing horizontal stripes in a block of text. For much more, including ligatures, kerning, and transparency, see: http://nitens.org/taraborelli/latex My point above is his point #7. The only problem is that the cross-references may be out of sync. This is usually not a serious barrier to readability. Another gcc analogy is a dependence on a third-party library whose API keeps changing. Then you'd have to run gcc once to regenerate the library, and once on the client using the library. Peeling that back a level, the analogy is between files like libfoo.a and foo_defs.h (for gcc) and files like section1.aux and document.bbl (for latex). That's precisely where Norvig is coming from. Given their infrastructure, it's entirely possible that some portion of their A/B testing is run this way (i.e., test thresholds chosen to maximize information gain). The real big one would be the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, which the article does highlight. That's order of $1000B. This is an excellent article, from a researcher who knows what he's talking about (Thurston is a Fields medalist). Section 6 begins on the page numbered 173. It may be interesting to note that one way objects are discovered now is by automated sky surveys ("event factories" or "robotic telescopes") like this one: http://voeventnet.caltech.edu/feeds/Catalina.shtml The essence is to make multiple passes over the sky, comparing current images with past images. Large image-differences represent moving objects, which are looked up in a database. If they are new, they are entered into an event queue, represented above. In principle, other robotic telescopes can scoop up promising events and follow up on them. According to this ECMWF planning document (page 14, figure 4): http://www.ecmwf.int/about/programmatic/strategy/strategy.pd... the forecast skill for ECMWF and NOAA have been improving pretty steadily over the last 15 years. Basically, we're seeing two days farther into the future now than 20 years ago. I agree that chaotic dynamics and various noise sources limit the time horizon for weather predictions to perhaps 2 weeks. Well, I think you said two things. (1) "Predicting Weather is near impossible in theory forget the practice." and (2) Quoting wikipedia, "Weather is usually predictable only about a week ahead." These two remarks are not quite opposites, but almost. The key difference between economics and weather is that experiments with prediction change the economic system's dynamics (e.g., large-scale automated trading), but not the weather system's dynamics. I can barely understand what you're saying here, so I won't comment beyond this reply. The time scale is critical. If you look at any review of numerical weather prediction accuracy, such as the one I linked to above, you will see it's a key parameter. It's why 3-day forecasts are excellent and 7-day forecasts are not very good. Good 3-day predictability does not imply good 7-day predictability. This is no different than the pictures of the state trajectories of the Lorenz system ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorenz_attractor ) starting from two nearby states, which stay together for a time, and then diverge suddenly. It's true, the relevant laws are the Navier-Stokes differential equations, not simple laws like F = m a. But, we can observe the boundary conditions and propagate the system state forward in time. These equations do constrain the future dynamics. Sometimes these smaller perturbations are called "sub-grid phenomena". I think practitioners think of them as, say, pressure waves or flows which average to zero when observed on a 10km x 10km grid. But it is possible that their ultimate origin is on a much finer grid ;-) Another problem, separate from these effects, is getting closure on the variables in the model. Things like evaporation from soils and vegetation, for example, which ECMWF is trying to include in their models. You put them in the weather model to improve accuracy, and all the sudden you need a time-dependent model for soil and vegetation water content. And also, sensors to satisfy the boundary conditions for your model (e.g., to estimate plant vegetation type). For instance, eq. (7) used to calculate significance values is the invention of the first author and is not widely accepted. Also, eq. (1) assumes joint independence of all M = 22 frequency bands, which has not been justified. So you did not go to Europane on Colorado near Mentor for baked goods? This is not a good strategy. Besides the other good comments, consider the following: If you're traveling from place to place, you'll be exposed to a parade of regional bugs that locals, who have more stable habits, will not be. And your schedule (reservations, plans, etc.) may not be able to afford the downtime. Finally, you don't know the health care setup, so you won't always be able to sense if something is substandard. I spent a day in a hospital in India with a very high fever (delirious) and dehydration due to a bit of uncooked chutney that none of the locals (whom I knew) had problems with. They had to give me an IV to rehydrate me. My main goal was to try to keep it together enough to ensure that the clinic was using a sterile needle for the IV. This was not a high point of the trip. Useful post. It addresses some of the facile comments above that the Freakonomics article is just about business/pricing strategy, by calling out some of the non-economic opinions pushed in the article. ("Allie is like the ideal wife", Allie is successful because she sees good in everyone, etc.) It's glib and myopic -- concentrating on this little aspect of pricing, and highlighting all the sunny and upbeat sides of being a prostitute, passing over the bad stuff almost completely. Doubtful, look at the profile in the patent. They need to hit a tightly specified current vs time profile. And a cap would be a separate component, and they are failure prone. I agree, it is fixed. I have had both and I no longer have to cover the LED when I go to sleep. Culturally, Cornell has always been a place that concentrates on theory and enduring research questions. After Cornell I spent time at Caltech and the difference in values and focus is large indeed. It seems every Caltech engineering/science faculty either has co-founded a tech company (successful or not), or is involved in experimental validation of some of their ideas. I always thought the reason for Cornell's culture is mainly your point 0 - isolation from the Real World and from Money. The hippie vibe of Ithaca might also play a part. But the reason actually does not matter. It might be best to go along with this current for your time there. Play to its strengths. Or, as amoore notes, you can find a niche, like in the Theory Center, where applications are more in the front. Incidentally, I don't share your feelings in your point 2. But, I was in EE (a separate silo?) I think the OR&IE people are applications-friendly. The art school at Cornell is not a strength. This article is trash. There's a solar max every 11 years. There are flares and coronal mass ejections associated with near-max conditions, although they can happen at almost any point in the solar cycle; this has been the case for centuries. But nobody can predict whether the flares and CMEs will be historically intense this cycle; known science does not support such predictions. We didn't predict the weird "double dip" in Cycle 23 ( http://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2008/28... ). And the SEC ( http://www.swpc.noaa.gov/SolarCycle/ ) has predicted cycle 24 will be a dud. It's a crap shoot anyway -- the significance of a particular flare or CME for Earth depends on lots of chancy factors, not least, whether the CME is pointed at the Earth or not. The rotational period of the Sun is 28 days; +/- 1 day means the CME misses Earth. They forgot sed. I have a hard-copy OED in the full-size edition. I always use online dictionaries because I don't much care about etymology (which is the OED specialty), and because looking words up manually is tedious. If you're thinking about getting one, maybe start with the unabridged Webster's third and see how it goes? I'd recommend oregano or marjoram. Oregano, especially, is a robust grower (more so than basil) and good for pizza, pasta, and other Italian dishes. With all similar herbs, including basil, you get much more foliage if you pinch back the buds before they flower. I planted oregano outside (in LA) about 5 years ago and the same plant is still growing. It's about 4 feet in diameter. It used to be standard advice in women's self-defense classes (e.g., http://modelmugging.org/ ) to avoid at all costs being coerced into a vehicle. Being in a vehicle with an assailant was said to lower your odds of escaping considerably. It is an insightful line. Partners in crime is the concept, though, I think. In this a very trivial "crime". She's a beautiful writer with a very distinct voice. Observant, noticing the telling details. Her essay compilations "Slouching towards Bethlehem" and "The White Album" are essential reading if you're interested in California in the late 1960s and into the 1970s -- she lived in LA at the time, and is definitely an outsider to the hippie/boomer explosion, some of the side-effects of which are in the essays. (The essay above was about her move from Manhattan to LA; she grew up in Sacramento.) Another influential essay of hers is "The Deferential Spirit" from 1996 (teaser at http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/1996/sep/19/the-def... ) which demolishes the technique and works of Bob Woodward. Such a smart comment. The ideals matter, but so do the individual kids. What works for some may not work for your kids, or for you as a parent. Being adaptive gives better results than following the One True Way. Especially with a thing like "childhood," which is so idealized -- it's easy to get carried away. Also, as a parent, you have to remember that your issues about school (too strict, too unstructured, too much bullying, not enough recess, whatever) are likely to not be the issues of your kids. You shouldn't be making their educational choices to compensate for retrospectively-understood mistakes in your own education. Since when did "the government" take over "the universities"? What department of "the government" gives orders to university professors? DARPA? NOAA? I guess this is a transnational agreement, because faculty move back and forth across the oceans, and their opinions don't change much. "The government" must be a lot more well-organized than I'd suspected. I had a friend take the photos for the cost of film. Years later, we look at only a handful of photos anyway. No regrets. YMMV. The simple reason is that the photo was imaged with a filter that admitted a wide band of spectrum ("continuum" or "white light"). The science images you see are with very narrow filters, which pass light of a very-very specific color. These filters are typically about 1nm wide, the range of visible light is hundreds of nm (380-750nm). The Sun emits a lot of photons, so it's no problem to filter them out. Why do they look in these narrow bands? When you do so, you see only plasma at a certain temperature range -- by varying where the tiny passband is, you see different cross sections of heated plasma. This turns out to be very useful to understand the solar atmosphere and in particular the corona; the coronal heating problem ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corona#Coronal_heating_problem ) is the major unsolved problem in solar physics. A good scientific explanation of the remote sensing problem is at: http://aia.lmsal.com/public/firstlight.html The story of these bands is fascinating. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astronomical_spectroscopy and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fraunhofer_lines As a teaser, before the quantization of spectra was known, it was considered impossible to ever know the chemical composition of the Sun. What are you going to do, land there and take a sample back to the lab? Shortly thereafter, spectroscopy was understood and helium was discovered on the Sun (helium -- helios) before being isolated on Earth. The laugh was on the pundits, and now we know the composition of stars all over the galaxy. On that day, there were no visible sunspots: http://soi.stanford.edu/production/gif_images/intensitygrams... But, a week later when it made APOD, there was a big one: http://soi.stanford.edu/production/gif_images/intensitygrams... Here's a very active day from a peak in the last cycle: http://soi.stanford.edu/production/gif_images/intensitygrams... These are not true white-light images, but they are approximations. Also, their contrast has been enhanced. This is an example of the douchebags they have to deal with at LAX: http://laist.com/2009/05/05/14_birds_found_tied_to_legs_of_s... They see that stuff all the time, and they get suspicious about unexplained features of baggage. Remember, it's perfectly legal to be arrested in the country whose laws you've broken. In fact, it's also legal for a third-party country to arrest you, as in the case of Augusto Pinochet, the Chilean dictator: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Augusto_Pinochet%27s_arrest_and... The US was nothing to do with this affair. The crimes were committed in Chile, the judge who indicted him was Spanish, and Pinochet was arrested in London. (He was eventually released to Chile, but the reason was declining health, not lack of jurisdiction.) So it would seem in this case that Spanish law was trying to govern the whole of Europe? And to go farther with that point, multiple vaccines like MMR are standard across the population, so they are better tested and better understood than multiple spaced-out single vaccines. Here's a review of Dr. Bob's schedule from the journal Pediatrics: http://www.immunize.org/concerns/offit_moser2009.pdf It sounds sensible, but turns out to be faulty for several reasons. See the parallel thread above. It's not about the ability to find astronauts to accept the risk. It's about the blow to national prestige and to NASA when such a disaster happens. The public will not abide a spacecraft with the flag on it, crashing. It depends on what kind of "trivial". I have a lot (> 30000 SLOC; hundreds of functions) of C code that does intricate math/stats/optimization, but from a control flow and memory allocation point of view is simple. This kind of code is perfect for the simple c-extension API of Python as described in the OP. In fact, if you set up the gateway interface to your C code cleanly, you can have the same C code callable directly from (e.g.) Matlab via the "mex" mechanism. As a response to the movie, they know it would be a good time to put a human face in front of the press. Hence, they're pushing her forward rather than Zuckerberg. And the NYT slurped it up. I wonder how long the back-and-forth over how the story was to be structured took. [edit: I'm not saying Zuckerberg is not human, just that he's overexposed in the media at the moment, and they need to connect Facebook to something else.] Skin effect is not a factor in 12AWG wire at 60Hz. It takes much higher gauges and/or higher frequencies. If we're speaking about US residential wiring, current never flows thru the ground wire unless there's an electrical fault. There are 3 electrodes -- hot, neutral, and ground. Current flows thru hot to neutral (both slotted openings). The ground is the round pin. It's true that, back at the panel box, neutral and ground are connected together. But, current should never flow thru the ground wire to get there! That wire is strictly a safety mechanism. The relevant terms in the US electrical code (the NEC) are "ground ed conductor" (neutral) versus "ground ing conductor" (ground). This is true, but also orthogonal to my point, which is that the grounding connector ("green wire", "round prong", or "ground") is not part of the circuit in US residential wiring. Just FYI, the US NEC requires each entryway of a room in a dwelling to have a switch which can control a light. It is usually, but does not have to be, an overhead light. An alternative that is also code-conforming is to have the switch control a socket (typically, the bottom plug in several duplex receptacles in the room) where a lamp is plugged in. Sometimes people don't actually plug a lamp in there, so the switch does nothing, and maybe that's what you've been irritated by. If the wiring is done this way -- e.g., bedrooms and living rooms -- it can be quite flexible if you want to rearrange the room layout. You move the furniture and plug the lamp into the bottom receptacle where-ever it is convenient and sensible. This is good advice. A not-too-heavy, high-quality cordless drill is excellent for driving screws, turning bolts, etc., as well as drilling small holes. If you ever have to get into tight spaces or work in attics, crawl spaces, or outdoors far from an outlet, it's great. And often, especially in tight quarters, you don't even want all the torque a good-quality plug-in drill develops -- it can smash your hand if it catches on something. And having a plug-in, high-power drill (preferably with a hammer feature if you might be going thru block, stucco, or concrete) is an excellent complement. But the OP says MS will abolish the role of CSA. What you said is not true. According to the first link in the google search you recommend... http://www.lectlaw.com/filesh/bbg33.htm "Delaware LLCs pay a $100 annual tax and are otherwise tax free if no business activity is carried on in the US, most of its members are not US citizens or residents and it does not invest in US companies." That's a lot of if's that there's no way a company like Amazon could satisfy. Also: "Although there is no state income tax, as with all states no matter their particular tax laws, all US companies (or any entity for that matter) are subject to applicable federal tax laws & reporting requirements." In other words, of course US taxes are still payable for companies incorporated in Delaware. The above is a utilitarian approach: what's the path from here to the degree that costs least in $ and time. I'm not wired that way -- but I have to respect that bobf is making choices right for him. As I get farther away from university, I get more glad that I spent a lot of time in out-of-discipline coursework. I foresee that feeling deepening with age, because it's a fact that it's hard for many reasons to have a wanderjahr once you have a spouse, a house, a kid, a hard job, a history of acting a certain way. I fear that the utilitarian approach might, for some, become akin to the concept of technical debt, except for your life and philosophy. You can consider those hard questions now, or you can wait til later. But later, it might be much harder. And it's also worth saying that diagonal dominance is a stronger property than positive definiteness. That is, something can easily be PD but not DD. Come on, this is a simple software purchase, $100 or so. It's not a moral choice of any significance whatsoever, and laying the moral dimension onto it is not productive or helpful. If a collaborator seems to strongly weight punctuality, especially to the point of making little remarks about stochastically late arrivals, that makes me not inclined to work with them because it signals a lack of perspective about what's really important (like good ideas and good results). When you want to upgrade to a solid rubber toy hammer, see: http://baetzler.de/humor/paging_game.html The reason is that the programming language, in this usage, is not analogous to a single tool (like a hammer). People build all kinds of complete things with just "C" -- where by this term, I mean the compiler, standard library, build and debug system (make/gdb, say). There are few things of interest you can build with just a hammer. The evidence for this is that no craftsman builds with just a hammer. The better analogy to the concept of "C" above is "wood shop" (as opposed to, say, "metal shop", "polymer shop", "electronics shop"). You still get the point, which is that everything out of the wood shop to some degree "looks the same" but it's not so clearly leading the reader to the hoped-for conclusion ("the statement is stupid"). I was saying that the OP ("hammer carpenter") is taking the metaphor too far, which is why the phrase "hammer carpenter" sounds silly, and we seem to agree on this. I have no problem with the conclusion that the tool matters less than what you're building. I'd go farther and say that there is a certain tendency for C projects to "look the same" and that lispy projects "look the same" in a different way (e.g., surprisingly extensible, incorporating a language). The writers I know have a pile of unsold or uncompleted scripts and stories. They were experiments, or drafts, or betas (if you like). Often they're working on several things at once, sometimes just with friends for kicks. They're driven to create also (characters, plots). I'd say one difference is, it's easy to hold a steady job as a programmer, but as a writer you have to really work the business side. It does change the emphasis sometimes from creating to selling. I very much agree with this. Especially if you use similar C library interfacing styles, you can reuse or abstract out the glue parts easily. About playing on both sides of the efficiency/expressiveness spectrum, the important thing is to be sure to do real benchmarks so you only drop down into C when it pays off. Sometimes, the reasons are not just efficiency -- you may already have C code that does the right thing. Because the people drawn to drug tourism are more irresponsible, shallow, and opportunistic than your average tourist. Not always, sometimes not outrageously so, but in general. If you've been to Amsterdam, you might have noticed this, as I did. That's a weird definition of freedom. Try to have the confidence that your kid will get to computing technology if they need it. Your job is to enable them to identify their interests and follow their curiosity. Not so much to direct it. I don't think anyone meant personal assistant. The acronym "PA" means "production assistant". A good description is here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Production_assistant There was little real support for this among the general public. Prop. 215 (medical MJ) passed in 1996 because it seemed like it might benefit people (patients) who needed it. Without the medical appeal, it sounds a lot more like just making it easier for people to get high. People are pretty ambivalent about MJ. A lot of cities have outlawed medical MJ dispensaries, or limited them. And Prop 19 was not very well-written (like many propositions). Among other problems, it allowed each city and county to set their own rules for MJ regulation, which would have been a huge mess. It's not clear that there would have been significant tax revenues, for example. There's a bill (AB 390) bouncing around the legislature now which is better crafted. What type of award is valued is very person-dependent. Some people thrive on non-cash awards (like medals and award ceremonies), some like recognition from above, others care more for money. It's very easy (even expected) for a large organization to guess wrong in a particular case. So that anecdote is not really data. Most of those people would hopefully be above the social security threshold of around $100K/year so that would not apply. I think a marginal tax rate of more like 30-40% is more accurate. There are any number of self-destructive behaviors that humans are drawn to: haagen-dazs, cigarettes, wars. It could be very hard to justify our stockpile of atomic weaponry to another intelligence. And additionally, when the paper opens in-browser, the location and browse history that got you to that paper is preserved. So when you're in the web browser and see the pdf of the paper by I.M. Smart and A. U. Thor, you can tell whether you got it from Smart's site, Thor's site, or somewhere else. In the same vein of passing scenes and celebrities, here's a beautifully written article by Gary Indiana that appeared in ArtForum in the late 1990s. Indiana, who covered art for the Village Voice back during the mid-1980s, summarizes his impressions of the East Village scene at the time: http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Crime+and+Misdemeanors-a057475... (It's the best link I could find.) Substitute "developer" for "artist", "Brooklyn" for "East Village", and "VC" for "collector", and you get the same thing. The PC, once purchased, sits under your desk. But the laptop and the phone, you touch and carry with you in public. It's a personal accessory. People will pay more to have nicely made personal accessories -- for many reasons -- looks, durability, pleasant to use, feels well made, status signaling. Here's a link that illustrates this concept: http://seanmcgrath.blogspot.com/2007/01/mixed-content-trying... It's not as persuasive as it could be, but it gets the idea across. If you have time, sit back and read this excellent essay by David Foster Wallace on eating lobster, which examines the issues from a humane, non-dogmatic perspective: http://www.gourmet.com/magazine/2000s/2004/08/consider_the_l... This was the title essay in one of DFW's essay compilations. Here's an example of the kind of research illustrating the gap between the priorities of complexity theorists and those of people who just want efficient algorithms: It's a hard problem to approximate the volume of a convex body in n-dimensional space, given a membership oracle. (An oracle is an O(1) function that tells if a point is in, or not in, the convex body.) Is it exponential time in the number of dimensions (e.g., requiring an exponential number of calls to the oracle)? This is a fundamental question, and turns out to be important in lots of applications. The following 1991 paper: http://www.stat.duke.edu/~scs/Courses/Stat376/Papers/Converg... caused quite a stir in the field. It has 380 citations. It proved, without explicit construction, that there is a (randomized) approximation algorithm that is order n^23, with a huge, and unknown, leading constant. It was totally useless in applications, but totally exciting for complexity theorists. Since then, people have been plugging away. The most recent result I can find is by Laszlo Lovasz, appeared in 2003, and shows an O(n^4) algorithm. It's also randomized, very complex, and let's just say that the constant has got to be huge also. The problem for practitioners is, you never know when all that plugging away is going to produce a good algorithm that is easy enough to implement. It it happens, it can totally change the computational landscape. The FFT is my favorite example; its discovery has revolutionized all sorts of computations. But think of the blowback on the discipline of Robotics when the first human/robot conflicts result in significant human casualties. It might be a net loss to the profession. The representatives will, in practice, make decisions under the system you're describing. It was called the "spoils system" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoils_system ), it turns out to be a major vector of abuse by elected officials, and is the reasons the US civil service has safeguards for dismissing civil servants. "could care less" is a shortening of "could not care less", and the latter phrase is correct. the words themselves don't mean anything any more, it's a stock phrase. i think the sentiment is, "I care so little that I don't even want to use all the words needed to say how little I care". I usually start with, "Do I believe the proposition is true? If so, why?" This is sort of like the "Do I understand it" part of the flowchart in the OP. But in my experience, if you think in detail and can justify why you believe the proposition is true, that helps break down the proof into steps. I found this book to be quite tedious. The whole class analogy (a satirical story line in which many-sided polygons are regarded as more refined than, say, triangles and squares) was just unbearably long-winded to me. I've read the whole critique so many times before. And the notion that the reader will appreciate the three-dimensional space we live in (or 4-dimensional space-time, if you're like that) by going through a novella-length treatment of a 2d world...did not work for me, let's just say. If you like the book, and many do, I'm glad. But it's not unanimous. California state bonds are in this vicinity. Rates of return vary. Tax-exempt. And, to take this a step farther, note that one of the most powerful forces contesting the bad influence of for-profit journals has been the research establishment itself. For instance, most of the board of Kluwer's journal Machine Learning resigned to make an open journal (JMLR, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Journal_of_Machine_Learning_Res... ). And NIH now requires free distribution of articles produced under NIH grants, after an embargo period ( http://publicaccess.nih.gov/ ) You point out a real problem with the article. The given rationale for (.)^2 vs. |.| is just wacko ("there is obviously more variation in the second data set than the first"). The reason it's mistaken is, there are other examples, typically with just one or a handful of outliers, in which the SD is "obviously" too high compared to mean absolute deviation. Futhermore, these type of examples are common in practice, so the SD is problematic to use if you have outliers. Often, in robust statistics, the Median Absolute Deviation (which is conventionally labeled MAD, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median_absolute_deviation ) is used. As an estimate of scale, it's much more robust to outliers. But of course, you can't differentiate it! Really beautiful. Everyone's a critic, though -- I can't see secant (purple) because it overlaps the x axis. I wonder if the axis could be in gray? The hugely important point, completely overlooked by the article, is: is the text in monospace or not? If it's monospace, two spaces typically looks better. That's why old-fashioned typewriter people use two spaces. If it's typeset, the number of spaces really should be taken care of by the justification system (as in TeX) and the point of the article is moot. Aside, this is the article at which I vowed to no longer read Manjoo. The S/N is too low. One piece of evidence of not-that-good ideas post-ConnectU is http://guestofaguest.com/ which is published by Cameron W. Machinists don't maintain their own lathes. My point is, I think there a lot of examples on both sides. A reasonable company should not argue about a $1.5K versus $3K laptop when they're paying so much more for salary, benefits, and overhead for the person using the system. At my workplace these total around $250K-$280K per person per year. Chinese firms are riding a huge wave of growth driven by wage differentials. In this macro context, it's easy to make a lot of money with poor management. True, but asking for intellectual consistency in public policy is expecting too much. The estimate I've read is 100W per person. Sometimes, in a crowded room, it's an interesting thought experiment to imagine how hot it would be if each person except you was replaced by a 100W incandescent light bulb. It's funny, people have been talking about prefab houses (related, but not the same, as on-site robotic assembly) for years, but they still are a niche item. Despite all kinds of efforts to popularize them, such as: http://www.dwell.com/magazine/the-prefab-issue.html And don't forget, that R&D is funded by RAM profits. So, do your part, and upgrade soon. ;-) As long as we're making informed guesses: "For an imaging spacecraft to provide truly persistent surveillance capability, the satellite should be in a higher orbit, requiring large-aperture deployable mirrors, in the range of 10-20 meters in diameter." [i.e., need to hover longer over one site -> {higher orbit, larger mirror} -> need bigger rocket] From page 10 of: http://www.docstoc.com/docs/57862449/NPS-Space-Systems-Progr... Its download interface is quite nice. You can follow links in IEEE or Web of Science and d/l a lot of related papers + metadata painlessly. This makes it really good for coming up to speed with new subject areas. One technical problem with fuzzy logic, that is not suffered by statistics, is that there's no universally-accepted way of combining fuzzy logic truth values. The rules for manipulation of conditional probabilities, which statistics inherited from probability theory, allow building up complicated statistical models (i.e., complex enough to capture real-world applications) from pieces. This is what the comment by _delirium is saying. There's no such calculus for the truth values in fuzzy logic. The core problem is, what the concept of "truth value" refers to. In conventional Statistics, probabilities can be grounded in relative frequencies, and in principle measured in real experiments. The same can't be said of a fuzzy truth value. That much said, there are some people working on generalizations of probability theory to situations where relative frequencies don't make sense, and there's an overlap between the more sophisticated of the fuzzy logic theorists and this community. See, for example, http://www.sipta.org/isipta11/ , or http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imprecise_probability From Buzz Aldrin's bio on wiki: "In March 1972, Aldrin retired from active duty after 21 years of service, and returned to the Air Force in a managerial role, but his career was blighted by personal problems. His autobiographies Return To Earth, published in 1973, and Magnificent Desolation, published in June 2009, both provide accounts of his struggles with clinical depression and alcoholism in the years following his NASA career." Here's a nice pic of a wide-baseline optical interferometry setup: http://pti.jpl.nasa.gov/ The telescopes are in the two shed-like white buildings (one in the foreground, the other in shadows in the background). The collected light is bounced through the white pipes into the large building in the middle, where it is combined and interference fringes are collected. (It has to be combined optically to preserve phase.) To work, the distances between the two collectors must be maintained very precisely. Besides the obvious optical issues, the technical challenge becomes to measure the separation of the collectors very precisely ("metrology"). For more: http://olbin.jpl.nasa.gov/ To tell the truth, you don't know that they are still exaggerations. It is a fact that the NRO has been working on optical interferometers, and deployable reflectors, and probably has launched at least one. Magsafe is patented by Apple: http://patft1.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO2&Se... That's why docking stations don't have Magsafe connections. Same. I have a ATI Radeon X1900 XT on a Mac Pro 2,1. You might want to look into rsync as a replacement for scp. Version 2 is built in, but if you follow the directions at: http://www.bombich.com/rsync.html you can build a newer rsync that syncs all metadata. If you're in the vicinity of Ft. Meade, you can visit the "National Cryptologic Museum" http://www.nsa.gov/about/cryptologic_heritage/museum/index.s... which is outside the NSA headquarters. They have old Enigma machines, which are quite compact, about typewriter size, as well as a decoder, which is more like a bank of refrigerators. And a lot of other artifacts. It seemed to be mainly a labor of love by retirees and crypto geeks, rather than some officially compiled museum. Rather touching, in a surprising way. I can verify that this practice is still common. I have been amazed at the size and complexity of some spreadsheets in aerospace applications. It's so clearly the wrong thing, and yet the authors of these beasts are always really pleased with their efforts. Besides the "old shoe" feeling of Excel, I think there's something about the automatic updating done by the spreadsheet that users find gratifying. You alter a cell and the program launches into a bunch of updates automatically. It's like seeing the array of blinking lights. One you left out: Because space-based remote sensing can tell us about Earth. See: http://science.nasa.gov/earth-science/focus-areas/ (There are others.) Nope, you're not understanding the issue. If you launch the first sat into Orbit A, it still has the orbital velocity of the Earth. Unless you can slow the first sat down a lot , it will continue to track along in about the same place as the Earth. Waiting 6 months will accomplish very little in that case. The reason is, in 6 months, the Earth and the first sat will be in nearly the same place. The key concept is known as "delta-v" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delta-v ). It's the change-in-velocity allowed by a certain amount of fuel. Here's some more on the STEREO mission trajectory: http://stereo.gsfc.nasa.gov/orbit.shtml It's worth it to watch the movie. Gravity assist can help a lot, but it also takes a lot of time. Also, the people who design the missions eventually get old and retire. At some point, they have to take the human time scale into account. I understand your perspective. I love to develop in Python, but still do most of my work in Matlab. I think the easy to use and high quality graphics in Matlab, plus the painless installation and setup (compared to python, scipy, ipython, etc.) are the main factors. Thanks for the link to LabelMe, that's cool. Here's the paper that summarizes the results of the Remote Agent flight experiment ("RAX"), which is the project Erann was working on at the time: www-aig.jpl.nasa.gov/public/papers/rax-results-isairas99.ps The stuff about integrating a Lisp executive/planner and the rest of the C flight software is in section 4.1. It's for sure none of this flight software is in Lisp any more. Additionally, I would be highly surprised if any shred of the ground software that supports it is in Lisp. Both flight and ground s/w is almost certainly in C/C++ and Java. One of the successors to RAX is: http://ase.jpl.nasa.gov/ in which an Earth-orbiting spacecraft can recognize events like volcano eruptions) and autonomously (without ground control) take extra data from it. * It's hard to appreciate just how unwilling a flight mission is to take on any unnecessary technical risk. Risk, along with cost, schedule, and mass, is one of the fundamental things mission designers must cope with. Lisp looks like risk, and risk will be eliminated ruthlessly (as in the meeting Erann describes in the OP). Additionally, there are the software lifecycle considerations. That is, flight s/w, if it works, tends to be passed forward from mission to mission, and quirky choices tend to be weeded out. In addition to the problems you mention, the Central Valley was harder hit by the housing bubble. Regarding risks, I think you're understating the sophistication and importance of risks on flight projects. (I work at JPL, but not on flight projects; once upon a time, the OP's office was right down the hall from mine.) A modest sized flight project will have a risk list which is itemized down to great detail, covering many pages, and this list will be one of the main things the mission managers work on reducing. In general, there are two parameters, likelihood of the risk materializing, and cost if it does. Sometimes the cost is easier to bear (dollars and schedule), sometimes it's harder (lose the mission). For units like dollars and schedule, it does make sense to do a weighted average (sum over risks of probability * cost); for others it does not. People go farther and use various Monte Carlo methods to deal with risks that interact, so that the sum above does not work. Here's someone at JPL who's in that area: http://www.usc.edu/dept/ise/directory/jairus_hihn.htm One approximate reference is: http://www.amazon.com/Why-Marriages-Succeed-Fail-Yours/dp/06... Basically, the author did studies and interviews and found that some couples who fight frequently do still have a healthy marriage. This goes against some common-sense notions, of course. The important thing was that each thought the other one heard and understood their point of view. I can't recall if the feeling that progress was made to resolve the dispute mattered as well. Duplicate. Long thread here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1313679 In Hammerbacher's technical talks, he's clear on the lineage of Hadoop. It's just the limits of the interview medium. Also, remember this good observation in the OP: "Apple has the tablet component market sewn up. An entrepreneur I talked to in China described the difficulty he still has buying touchscreens that are worth a darn. The real reason most of the current tablets are 7 inches? Because Apple bought up all of the 10-inch capacitive touchscreen stock and if they didn’t then they drove the price too high for smaller orders. There is no way to dabble in the market without paying a premium." And regarding your point (1), the slides also lay out the interesting case in which the typical-case asymptotic time complexity a1 N^b is far more favorable than the worst-case form of a2 N^b The first form is generally deduced through extensive experiments with typical data, while the second is (often) easily proved with just paper and pencil. The first is the more important in practice, but the second is what's quoted in textbooks. There are so many algorithms in which a1 The linear programming/max-flow type problems the slides mention are a major case. With the recent stagnation in CPU speeds, upgrade cycles may slow way down. Here's some more about the RTGs: http://voyager.jpl.nasa.gov/spacecraft/spacecraftlife.html They used to provide about 470W, now it is down to the mid-200s. The mass of a Voyager RTG putting out 158W is about 38 kg (84lb). (It looks like Voyager used 3 of these RTGs.) Seems like they would be too heavy for your purpose. It seems the Galileo RTGs were more powerful: 300 W in 56 kg (123 lb). This is still pretty heavy but maybe getting in there. And, in addition, these conversations tend to be rather shallow and un-anchored by fact. More an exhibition case for general philosophical predilections than a serious examination of the particular policy issue. Here's a surprising fact. If you allow after-the-fact reprocessing of the GPS and significantly increased modeling technology, you can get millimeter accuracy from civilian GPS. For more on this global network of re-analyzed GPS, see: http://sideshow.jpl.nasa.gov/mbh/series.html Here's a particular time series, near Claremont, CA, a few tens of miles east of LA proper: http://sideshow.jpl.nasa.gov/mbh/all/plots/CLAR.jpg These plots are lat/lon/height (in centimeter units) versus time. In the height plot, you can see a several-cm drift which has annual/seasonal features. This is due to subsidence due to pumping of ground water in the summer. You can also see some green lines which I believe are large earthquakes. Besides airborne and (coming soon) satellite radar interferometry, reprocessed GPS is one of the main ways we have to observe seismic displacement fields. Earthquakes definitely alter the Earth's gravity field, because they change the Earth's mass distribution. These changes have been routinely noticed by people who track satellites. In the early 2000s there was a mission called GRACE to precisely measure the gravity field and its temporal variation. It's important to know it exactly for all sorts of purposes. Here's some nice results from GRACE: http://www.nasa.gov/vision/earth/lookingatearth/grace-images... The second item there shows a change in the acceleration due to gravity that was caused by the Sumatra earthquake of December 2004. It is measured in nano m/s^2. The movie above that item shows the changes in gravity due (mostly) to sloshing water on a global scale.