I'm very curious as to what they are going to do about the slow but steady rollout of DNSSEC around the world, given the main point is to stop spoofed responses (i.e. their business). Remember that PostgreSQL isn't run by a commercial enterprise, it's written by volunteers who as a general group couldn't care less about marketing, market share or what your business wants. For an rather more extreme example of this see OpenBSD, who basically say "if you want to use it go right ahead, but we build OpenBSD for our own use, not for your use." If he had just Google'd the hashes he'd have saved himself $2, considering there was no salting. (in response to tptacek below) it doesn't help against a single hash, but for multiple hashes you scale up the amount of work required by the number of salts in use. To get the undergraduate degree at Cambridge you have to pass the examinations for Part I and II (some subjects have IA, IB and II and others have I, IIA and IIB), along with some other crazy medieval rules. You can trivially switch once you've completed Part I, and also within the first weeks of starting Part I; there are some other circumstances but these are the most common. I find it pretty hard to believe the iOS review monkeys have the technical ability to reason about the disassembly of a binary (if sufficiently obfuscated there are maybe 1000 people tops on Earth with the ability to do this). As long as the operating system has a dynamic linker all bets are off wrt. static analysis, and the halting problem definitely applies to automated analysis. If the OS allows writable pages to ever be executable then you can pretty easily hide your nasty code in the low order bits of an innocent looking data file (say an image), then pull them out and execute them at runtime. hence "to ever be executable", they don't need to be writable and executable, as long as at one point they are writable (for you to dump your code in), then at some point they're executable (writable or otherwise). as for dlopen(), you could just compile that directly into your app rather than using it from libc/libdl, bypassing that limitation entirely. that's pretty incredible, I'm genuinely surprised. I suppose it's possible when you start from scratch, there's no way they could do that on the Mac. In the UK the merchant is not permitted to touch the customers card; all the card readers face the customer and are used by the customer (restaurants all have mobile PIN entry devices). Now each credit card in the UK is has a chip (which uses end-to-end crypto), they're looking to phase out magstripes completely. Currently if the merchant has to fallback to using the magstripe then he'll have considerably less protection against customer fraud, and he'll pay a much higher transaction fee. Square would not be permitted to operate in the UK. since Windows 2000 you've been able to register COM components in HKEY_CURRENT_USER. there's no online component... your phone takes the current time (divided by some value), the secret key, and performs a cryptographic function on it, then the system you're logging into does the same thing and compares the results. with secureid the secret key is fixed in the hardware (and RSA keep a copy of the key), whereas with Google authenticator you can generate and input the key yourself, so that Google never sees it. don't most people use their ISPs DNS servers, making this mostly irrelevant? the latter, e.g. I'd assume an competent ISP with a large customer presence on the west coast would have DNS servers for their customers on the west coast, or just use anycast... and VS is no IDEA, which also has Python support! seems like a lot of effort. I don't really care if my CC details appear in some IRC channel on EFNet, as I'm not liable for fraudulent use... a simple phone call to my card provider and they'll issue a chargeback... indeed, or pypi, or PEAR, and I'm sure ruby has something similar too and as a user of packages, rather than a package developer, I care about precisely none of that functionality. I want this package installed (plus its dependencies), and I want it now, that's all. I'm not sure I buy that (paraphrased) "Perl is good because CPAN has billions more packages than other language's repos" either, for one I remember trying to find a library that did SHA1 digests, there were three, and I managed to pick the one that give incorrect results... of course in Python it's just built-in, as are sockets, http, smtp, imap... I guess understanding why purely language bound code (which most likely accounts for 95% of the packaged code out there), e.g. an object system, would need testing across the cartesian product of all versions, all OSes and all archs, is beyond me... I guess when you have a language that doesn't have a specification, you require things like this... yes, but the point is if the utility provided by these "dists" would be mostly useless for other languages, then it's hardly honest to use said feature to promote CPAN (and therefore perl) against other languages. the review system is a questionable advantage too, as I don't want to go digging through 16 SMTP packages to find the best one, and especially as I suspect most people install CPAN modules through the command prompt (or via their distro's package manager), rather than digging through a website. I also note that Python tends to adopt the best packages into the standard library... in the UK offset mortgages are one solution to this problem: say you have a mortgage of £200k remaining, and £50k in a linked instant access savings account, then you only pay interest on £150k (no tax to pay on that effective interest either). if you've done Java commercially you've used sub-par tools. 1. any decent IDE will compile as you type 2. I'll give you this one 3. Java supports dynamic class reloading, it works out of the box with jetty. 4. you just press "run" in the ide. 5. same applies to java, just requires you take your (automatically built) .class file 6. I'm not sure how difficult you think JDBC is.. you just give it the connection string and the driver name. 7. just drop the war into your servlet directory, and you're done so the war is just built trivially by the IDE when you use a webapp type project. no messing around with the classpath as the war contains all dependent jars. if you want clean builds you set up something like jenkins (with the automatically generated exported build files). 1) and 3) I was referring to development, you can just code away and hit F5 to see your results the same way in Java you can with PHP. wrt database jars/binaries: a modern IDE does this all for you too, and is all output into the target war. doesn't look like you can turn it off once you visit that page... great sunk cost fallacy? their support is excellent too, I've had Eddy Nigg (the founder) respond to emails within 10 minutes on several occasions. sounds very much like the "current generation" to me, ZFS has done just about everything that article covers for a while, and it supports most of this too: "The NTFS features we have chosen to not support in ReFS are: named streams, object IDs, short names, compression, file level encryption (EFS), user data transactions, sparse, hard-links, extended attributes, and quotas." liability in the UK is different: credit card transactions are heavily protected (you're guaranteed to get your money back), whereas direct bank transfers are vastly less protected (with the exception of direct debits). can you even have a one-off direct debit? I didn't think the system was really designed for that. wouldn't it be easier (and have the same effect) if you just wrapped 100 statements (or say 60 seconds) of delay-able INSERTS into a transaction with the correct isolation value set? or use INSERT DELAYED and let the database do it itself. not really independent, you close that terminal and it'll probably HUP the process. disown/nohup help with this. the comparison between IE6 and Webkit is unfair: Webkit is completely open-source and under active development, whereas IE6 was propriety and dead. as a pragmatist I don't see it as an bad thing if Webkit becomes close to 100% of the browser market... as a pragmatist, I really don't care. the W3C is completely ineffective. I kinda wish Gecko and Trident would die, as it would make my life a lot easier (no more silly compatibility libraries, testing in 5 different engines, etc). what's stopping Mozilla from forking Webkit? remember that Webkit itself was a fork of KHTML... KHTML is as old as Gecko, and Webkit and Gecko are both LGPL. the killer feature back in the early 2000's was the ability to render most of the pages on the Internet as IE did, so saying that the engines were the product of standards is categorically wrong. the lack of adoption of Gecko outside of Mozilla is more to do with the fact the source code is a mess, whereas Webkit is very clean and tidy, and as a result very easy to hack on (years ago I wanted to embed Gecko in a project, and ended up using Webkit as it was actually possible to modify...). or just bored kiddies, happens quite a lot I don't see how it would be 2x: a minimal GC would just require an additional pointer per allocation (in the worst case) for the GC roots. malloc() has overhead too, typically immediately before the pointer it returns there's data about the allocation, such as the size of the alloc, magic for detecting bad free()'s, etc (though I guess a simple slab allocator would just need a single bit for each allocation, plus a pointer per slab). I have operated a rather large crawl cluster on EC2 (several hundred nodes), and I don't see why anyone would point one at a third party DNS service. we operated for about 6 months using the default resolvers than come with the AMIs, then Amazon contacted us, telling us they wanted us to stop using their recursive nameservers... apt-get install bind, point at 127.0.0.1, redeploy AMI, done (in under 5 minutes). it isn't as if a crawler cares about an extra 250ms from non-cached entries, and the bandwidth from DNS is trivial* compared to that of downloading pages. ... so why would anyone ever offer to pay you/anyone else for a recursive DNS service? it's a trivial problem... (* say 32 bytes for the query, 64 bytes for the response... 1B lookups is ~64gb, or $3.50 with Amazon's very expensive bandwidth costs) why would it matter at all, given a crawler hits many pages on the same hostname? the fact the initial request takes 250ms more is meaningless. when you also take into effect that crawlers are either: bound on sleep() if they're friendly, bound on cpu if doing processing and you have a lot of money for bandwidth, or if you don't have much money, bound on bandwidth. and given that crawlers tend to be massively parallelised, the DNS query could take minutes and you really still wouldn't care... (go and read up on Amdahl's law) aye, it's pretty easy to ptrace() ssh-agent and extract the key directly from memory. once malicious third party code has executed on your machine as you it's game over. Linux and Git exist fine without C++. C++ is many, many orders of magnitude more complex than Java, as Java was designed to be a C style object orientated language done correctly (i.e. with the foot shooting elements removed...) if you email them you can get onto the private CNAME beta! if httperf is using select() with 65k odd sockets then that could be a bottleneck... the "dumb" C impl can be faster too! it should probably fork() a few times so multiple accept()s can fight over the socket, which should probably be put into in non-blocking mode, and should also turn nagle off. for even more points you can reduce the copying of the trivial response from userspace into the kernel using sendfile()/splice(), if you mlock() it into RAM first! the printf likely reduces the throughput by a large amount too! (I've spent far too much fiddling with various syscalls for synthetic benchmarks!) everyone has different requirements... clearly those of the world don't match yours. it's a 1000x1000 image... this is a trivial problem IRC is a complex protocol that's way OTT if you just want something simple for 1:1 communication. -- author of qwebirc and this is a problem why? why is this at all important? it's not as if the end user ever contacts the root nameservers, their ISPs nameserver does, and it'll cache the rather limited set of results for hours. their phone support is excellent, I've filed a ticket twice and both times within 5 minutes I've been called on the phone, and they resolved the issue. the UK parliament basically does this already: here's an example of an act that's been modified: http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/Geo3/41/79?timeline=true and an example of a bill going through parliament: http://services.parliament.uk/bills/2012-13/financeno4/docum... yes, you're right in that versioning is not technically difficult, but getting the establishment to consider doing it (let alone actually doing it) is a major milestone. very very little, it's just doing read(), counting the bytes, then write(), with some screen output every few seconds. (hell it could even use splice() and never even see the bytes) 16GB of ECC RAM costs £150 to buy, how much RAM your webserver threads use should never be an issue. PHP's advantage is "apt-get install php5", copy your .php files in, and you're done. just seems like unnecessary serialisation and complexity when you could just define an interface to some functions? there's already a method for abstracting exchange between code: the function. unix uses pipes to pass data between processes in different address spaces, your JS runs in the same address space as the calling JS. if the processes exist in the same address space you use a library, which is an implementation of a defined set of functions (which is itself an interface); this is flat out better as it requires no tedious, error prone serialisation. there's not really a war at all, is there? ARM are completely dominant in this market. when the percentages of people that use these kinds of technologies are low then yes, it's a big sign to the spooks that "LOOK AT ME, I'M PROBABLY DOING SOMETHING INTERESTING" ... this is the reason several people I know don't use PGP signed/encryted email. it's interesting to see that that people use IE at work, and Chrome at home (see the 2 day distortions every 5 days)! what could they possibly hope to gain by defying the EU? they can't just ignore the law in a country they are operating in, especially when it's the world's biggest economy, which could just seize the assets owed without issue. you'd find it pretty difficult to demonstrate that by abusing their monopoly in the desktop shell market they caused harm in another; it was pretty easy to demonstrate for browsers. in the UK your electricity company will happily send you a currentcost device that plugs into your PC for free, and it even speaks a very simply protocol using serial over USB... I've been behind a large often-targeted service for the last 10 years or so, and most of the large attacks we get are pretty easily filtered as our service is TCP (like CloudFlare), and most of the attacks we get are either ping or UDP floods, which we drop at the boundary. a little harder is the SYN flood with spoofed addresses, how on earth can you filter those? it's just the sheer amount of packets hitting our network that cause the issue, not what is inside them! and then you send a Data Protection Act Subject Access Request (in the UK anyway), where they are legally required to divulge every single piece of information they have relating to you, including internal staff emails, feedback forms, etc. (and you're guaranteed to at least get something, as if they don't have any stored information on you then the door is wide open to discrimination suits) Remember that it's another ARM based SOC; as a percentage of gates it would surprise me if Apple's input was more than a percent. I also suspect that most of the speed and power gains come from process improvements. that quote is absolutely correct for a consumer product such as a phone, but it's disingenuous to apply it to a highly complex product used entirely for bespoke development, aimed at some of the most technical individuals around. until it silently automatically updates apparently it's a client side hack for "WoW-plus", here's the ringleader on his own forums: http://www.ownedcore.com/forums/world-of-warcraft/world-of-w... this isn't the first time Blizzard have messed up like this: they originally set the "Game Master" access level by a bit transmitted client side, and the same socket bit twiddling could be used to get into their private alpha servers... lovely interface, but the security is rendered completely pointless as the private key is generated remotely... you can't offer a secure version of this on a remote website. so by doing that you're still trusting the server not to send you evil Javascript that surreptitiously posts off your private key. it's exactly equivalent from a security perspective, unless you read every line of Javascript, in which case you might as well read the openssl manual instead and generate the CSR yourself. (note that there's a rarely used keygen type, but to sign the CSR you'd need programmatic access to the private key, again defeating any security properties). or it might just be returning the same private key for everyone! who knows? fighting an institution that makes the law probably isn't the best of ideas as I stated the last time a site like this appeared on the front page: the third party running the site has your private key, so they can decrypt everything are two openssl commands really that hard? (yes it's a self signed cert, but it's still a bad idea) compared to pushing the response back out to the client, the cost of matching against that regex is going to be insignificant, even with it being as monstrous as it is. (note that I'm not saying using that regex is a good idea!) they're acting perfectly rationally: they see third party clients as a threat to their ability to monetise, so they're killing them why anyone would expect a business to do anything else is beyond my understanding! with some ticket types (e.g. advances) the reservations are compulsory and technically you have to sit in your reserved seat! no, instead the IRA were religious radicals that thought it was OK to place car bombs in Central London, Manchester, and countless other cities, murdering hundreds of innocent people going about their daily business. The Taliban have a clear military objective too: remove the infidels and their supporters from the country that was formerly theirs. quite how this is any different from the IRA, semantically or morally, I'm really not sure. there's a resize input control in the bottom right corner, so what's the problem? this Authy service really misses the point: the numeric code is redundant when you have a separate secure device with an internet connection (i.e. a phone). when the user logs in issue a push notification, which when tapped sends the code back automatically. the numeric code can be used as a fallback if the net connection is down. the security benefits are questionable, as thieves will learn very quickly to locate the OBD II port and remove anything plugged in. If you install the JetBrains Python plugin into IDEA you get the same functionality as PyCharm, same with Ruby. are those rental prices really per quarter? if so they're making central London look exorbitant, I have friends paying that per month for studio flats! it's far too difficult to acquire them at the moment for normal citizens, at least in the UK. I spent at least 4 hours trying to legitimately acquire bitcoins to purchase some pretty physical coins from https://www.casascius.com before giving up. being driven and passionate, and having the social skills to be able criticise without upsetting people are not mutually exclusive. why is trying to replace sed/grep a bad idea? for example: ack is really, really useful. you can make your own iterator over sorted sets pretty easily with zrange I'd argue that it's just a standard engineering trade-off rather than a mistake. jar files have exactly the same issues. it's like a really really really expensive version of fork()! given that sites tend to only encode to a few formats, and given decoding is cheap cpu wise: couldn't you pipe the output of the ffmpeg decoder into a hardware encoder and get the best of both worlds? I can sure see Oracle responding to a petition on the Internet! > Have you ever considered why Firefox for Desktop appears to evolve in a slower pace than Chrome or Safari? Its because of standards. and here's me thinking it was because Firefox and Gecko consist of 20M lines completely unmaintainable, crufty C++! > as a developer I can tell you there's a huge number of differences in the way that FF and Chrome handle networking and interface standards could you explain what these changes are and how they're noticeable to the general public? I'm a developer who's written a Comet webapp you've likely used or at least seen, and I have yet to notice... for reading files and transferring over the network: the limit is always going to be the IO devices, not an extra context switch and a few extra copies... easy: having your machines cost 50% more due to the Microsoft tax makes the entire point of having bucket-loads of cheap hardware utterly irrelevant. people forget that ATOC exists to protect and further the interests of their members: the privately owned Train Operating Companies -- they don't owe random developers anything. Network Rail on the other had are (basically) state owned, and their extremely comprehensive feeds are now completely open: http://www.networkrail.co.uk/data-feeds/ these feeds even include the raw signalling data (you even get events when trains activate level crossings) -- there's nothing stopping you building your own NRE API. I've been slowly building up a database of signal locations/berths to lat/longs by matching up my physical position (while riding on the train) to the NR feed events, with the idea of being able to produce a much better map of where the trains are in realtime. I'd agree with most of his points, but he has conflated mapreduce, yarn and hdfs into "hadoop". the "assembly language" stuff is only accurate if you're writing raw mapreduce jobs, but he's ignored projects like hbase, hive, pig, impala and cascading. the HA issues with the namenode have mostly gone away with CDH4.1. the one thing that's a complete pain is the lack of snapshotting functionality in hdfs, making consistent backups nearly impossible. the APIs for hdfs and yarn are poorly designed and pretty buggy, they're very obtuse and hard to debug. if you manage to find any documentation it's almost certainly wrong for the version you're using. nine times out of ten it's quicker to step into the source code rather than digging into the documentation. however once you've abstracted away the poor APIs it does work very well, and the pay is good... believe it or not Windows has actually had a POSIX subsystem since the NT days, and MS still provide it for Windows 8. I'm not sure what POSIX certified means, but Windows is UNIX in the same way Mac OS X is... I'm sure if we did that then our auditors and compliance officers would love the fact that we chose a system with full knowledge that we'd be breaking the contract we bought it under. I think it's lost on this guy that git and github aren't the same thing, and that github's dominance is the complete centralisation of what's supposed to be a decentralised version control system... guess they won't be returning to iOS then... if she owns the property but not the land (i.e. the house is a leasehold instead of a freehold), she has a landlord that is where it all originates from: our property/land laws are all built on medieval law, as we haven't had a revolution to shake things up! houses are nearly always freeholds, whereas flats (apartments) are normally leaseholds, as it would be unfair if one flat owning tenant has land rights over the others. recently the government has given leaseholders the right to purchase the freehold from their landlord (if they all agree), but this involves setting up a company that all leaseholders are shareholders/directors of, with all the rights and responsibilities that that entails. assuming it's like the UK you just fill in a form on government website, wait a few weeks, and your cheque arrives in the post https://www.moneyclaim.gov.uk you'd be surprised as an operator of a large IRC network I am forced to keep my real name off my employer's websites, websites like github and my home address out of the public record (director's addresses and such like) it's a major nuisance isn't that exactly what every single company aims to do? the music is a means to an end, the end being making money for the shareholders... > For this to go down entirely unnoticed is extraordinarily difficult. I won't say impossible, but damned close without a copy of the zone in hand and with Linode running AXFR disabled (you should be too). There are subzones of linode.com; they wouldn't have gotten them all, and it would have been noticed within minutes. what's stopping the bad guys from just proxying dns queries they don't care about to the original NS? with this sort of trickery you could get a "domain control validated" https certificate too! it's very easy to get your own https cert once you control the dns for a domain, you just set up own nameserver that proxies requests to the original NS (except very specific ones, say those from Verisign), request your "domain control validation" https cert, and bam! valid https cert! DNS is very compact (a few hundred bytes a query), you're talking about maybe 10mbit of traffic tops: not a hard problem these days hell, you could run it on linode and probably be right next to the box you're proxying... ;) I wonder what the overhead is like? as with any software project, it has no value at all until it is mostly complete quote from http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/aboutthebbc/posts/The-BBC-announc... : > The cost is so great because much of the software and hardware which has been developed would only have a value if the project was completed and we cannot continue to sanction any additional spending on this initiative. your primary risk would be bad networks serving up malware, which is pretty hard to defend against and my experience is that the people with hard degrees tend to write bad code, as a result of not really understanding what's going on. this may not matter for some CRUD website, but does when you're pushing the limits... while an elite degree might not get you the job, it does help in getting your foot in the door, and it's likely to get you a higher base salary. the data I have shows me that my (non first) Cambridge degree allows me to command a 10-20% higher salary than my non-Oxbridge colleagues. I'm always surprised that intelligent people are shocked that the consumer cellular network they pay £5 a month for doesn't have 100% uptime In the UK (or any other country with data protection laws): a Subject Access Request will get you all interview notes and internal emails, the company has no choice in the matter. most employers keep written records to avoid any possibility of a discrimination suit. the government has very strong guidelines on this sort of thing, and if you're a large company with an HR department, the Information Commissioner is likely to not believe you if you state that you don't keep written records about job applicants, and destroying the information is a criminal offence. example of an organisation's policy: http://www.ed.ac.uk/schools-departments/records-management-s... I don't really understand the reaction! I guess my conclusion is that in general Americans trust their politicians/government, whereas in the UK the general public assumes they're the enemy and not to be trusted, so this wouldn't be a major surprise. housing benefit (which pushes up rents, further pushing more people into needing housing benefit) uh, isn't that exactly what the new Windows 8 approach is? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Runtime one person, maybe not, but if you're a intelligence agency with a multi-million dollar budget to tap Google, you'd probe the organisation and bribe those with access, and anyone in the chain those employees could credibly report to. this isn't difficult or particularity far-fetched! who says they haven't? maybe not completely (it's way easier for the US, as most of Google resides on US soil), but you can bet they have people in a position to extract at least some data on demand. this has previously happened: stuxnet (a product of several intelligence agencies) was digitally signed by a large semiconductor company! you'll be putting all your traffic through cloudflare? if they do your SSL termination that makes all your careful US-avoidance completely redundant. additionally, if you include some JS hosted on cloudflare, then that's susceptible to being tapped by the US intelligence agencies too. also if they want to intercept a few of your high profile users, the fact you're using SSL really isn't going to stop them, when they can issue valid certs for your domain without asking you. short of SSL pinning being widely deployed: you're powerless to stop them, and while it's an admirable goal, it's ultimately disingenuous to suggest that you can safeguard your user's privacy. the tarsnap client running on your box encrypts the data before it's ever transmitted, that's part of what makes tarsnap cool (along with the deduplication) you transmit your public key, identity and server information. the CA then verifies your identity, and then produces a certificate by signing (using their private key) the message digest of the concatenation of: - certificate information: server name/organisation/country/... (the "subject"), start date, end date, etc - your public key - the subject of their certificate your private key should never leave your system. they wouldn't share their key, the complicit CA would generate a certificate for a key generated by the NSA with the CA capability bit enabled. the NSA could then can use that to MITM sites without explicit pinning. Xbox One: designed by executives, for executives comment history and a bit of googling would suggest he's an MS employee... can you point out the part where I attempted to discredit his point because he's an MS employee, even discussed his point at all? because I can't see it. optimised especially for customers with lots of money to burn, but no actual data to show how? sounds like snake oil to me! the NSA can't, but GCHQ can let's be honest here: they've released this in an attempt to stop/muddle DNSSEC adoption, as DNSSEC represents an existential threat to their business: messing with the answers to DNS requests seems pretty cost competitive next to Amazon's Route53, which I always thought was exceptionally cheap compared to the hassle of running your own nameds if your house burns down and they find that, goodbye insurance payout. discrimination based on sex for insurance is now unlawful in the UK, as of last year. as a result car insurance prices for women increased significantly, while mens remained the same. additionally annuity rates for men dropped, while those for women remained the same (the provider is no longer allowed to factor in that men on average die several years earlier). so does gmail's POP3 fetcher for other email accounts. non-story! they're only expensive if you're at home 9-5 during weekdays. I never am so it's £20/month for about 100GB (and effectively unlimited transfer in the early hours of the morning). they now also offer a flat 50GB at anytime for £25/month. you're paying extra for for native IPv6, beyond excellent service, an excellent control panel with options most ISPs don't have, as many IP addresses as you want (optionally PI), custom routing (want an AS for your house?), ability to dual bond across different providers, ability to add 3g as backup link, and much more... they're truly excellent, here's an example of their customer service on IRC: 1417.59| [bootc] ok, really long shot, but any staff tech around who fancy allocating me some more IPs? 1418.27| [bootc] I already feel rather greedy but I'm using most of my IPs already :-/ 1423.30| [@AA-Paul] bootc: What login, and what size block? 1424.14| [bootc] AA-Paul: abc1@a, and a /28 of legacy if possible? 1424.21| [bootc] for @a.1 1425.31| [bootc] I then need to re-number internally and expand my /27 sub-division of my /26 to the full /26 :-/ 1426.31| [@AA-Paul] bootc: Done. 1.2.3.4/28 will be routed to you when your router next logs in 1426.57| [bootc] AA-Paul: many thanks, you're a star! have a great rest of your weekend 1427.10| [@AA-Paul] No problem. You too :) (no I don't work for them, but am an extremely happy customer) I also assumed it was a bug! as a result I uninstalled the app and use the mobile site now, which is far less laggy than the Android app... of course they can have apps on, every single SIM I've ever had has had operator specific applications on them: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SIM_Application_Toolkit this argument always stinks of excessive pedantry, yes the budgets aren't ring fenced, but this doesn't mean fuel using vehicles aren't paying for the roads that cyclists use. in 2013 the the treasury expects to collect £26B[1] via fuel duty alone (the tax motorists pay on petrol/diesel), and the entire transport budget is £21B[2], so it's accurate to say that the motorist's taxes pay entirely for the roads (and a good chunk of the trains too). (note the £26B fuel duty figure doesn't include the 20% VAT motorists also pay on petrol, and the money from VED) [1]: https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachm... page 103 [2]: same document, page 10 that document assigns a future expected value of £30B for damages due to climate change caused by cars... which to be frank, is a bullshit made up number. take that out, and motorists still make a profit for the treasury. my argument is purely based on receipts from purchase of fuel... if there were 0 motor vehicles on the road, the receipts would be many orders of magnitude lower. the tube runs at full capacity in central sections at peak times. on some lines you even get a train entering the platform while the previous train is still pulling out! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKOrkLxOBoY is a very well done parody! so now you can really tell that Mayer's running the show don't confuse revenue/turnover with gross margin. gross margin is turnover minus cost of goods sold. I guess PayPal, eBay, VISA, and all the banks should just shut up shop then... The number alone means nothing without understanding the business that they're in. removing that wipe feature would be a nice tidy way to destroy the secondary market for iphones... did I just predict iOS8? don't forget this one: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SAN0Llw2p0 the irony is 3.1 looks more modern (flat) now than 95 google did this last year: http://www.zdnet.com/googles-open-sesame-login-ditches-passw... the solution to this sort of thing is to always wrap yourself in a limited company... company formation in the UK costs around £20 and then you're personally immune to this sort of legal bullying so say a new shiny product (an extension) is produced by a newly founded company (smallco). bullyco decides they don't like this and sues smallco. what's the most the owners (shareholders) of the smallco can lose? their share capital (likely £1). there's nothing fraudulent or criminal about what this extension is doing, at most it's breach of contract and possibly tortious interference, neither which would allow the 'injured' party to go after the directors the fact that's even possible worries me. 1 billion transistors and 40 million lines of code in my smoke detector. hurrah, the smoke detector crashed again! just don't look at the expectation I don't buy this logic. Renaming machines is a pain, and they inevitably end up with more/different stuff on them than was originally intended, then your "helpful" name like pukweb01 (production, uk, web, 01) is worse than "pikachu" (as it's incorrect). the correct way to do this is to give the machine a name with no meaning (maybe pikachu, maybe box005) and have a list of the services running on each machine, and use DNS for those (say www1/ns1 that CNAMEs to the actual hostname). personally, I'd argue that anyone that calls machines things like "pukweb01" has had little to no experience with a rapidly evolving system... turbo pascal is as unsafe as C is, just with more verbose syntax. it has pointers, pointer arithmetic, manual memory allocation, function pointers, casts, unions, you name it. I bet you could write could write 30 odd rules for cpp and then compile your "pascal" with cc, e.g.: #define begin { #define end } #define := = #define ^ * #define @ & and so on there's no GNU on Android, and probably not on embedded devices either (given the GPLv3) so you'd be more accurate to say just Linux, rather than parroting stallman so C doesn't have proper type safe enums (though you could hack those up with typedef + cpp), but does require casts for most type conversions (except those for void*). pascal style strings can be done with the preprocessor, as can generic iterators, allocation for idiots, and "out" function arguments. memory pools are a library feature. and the arrays are the same too, a pointer in pascal can be treated as an infinitely sized array, but the reverse isn't true, just like in C. and, believe it or not, there are other languages in the C family, that provide safety in the same way there are for pascal. tl;dr: pascal and C are more alike than different. it isn't, landlords do it regardless call me cynical, but I bet it was discussed, and overruled on the point that this system allows them get access to all your juicy email under the pretence that "we can't do it any other way" not a clue, religious reasons maybe? If they won't send you that information without a Subject Access Request (Data Protection Act), you should note the Act forces them to fully disclose all personal information that you request, so request the following in printed form: - every bill for the last 10 years - every email in your account - transcripts of all the phone calls they have recorded for "monitoring and training purposes" it'll still cost you ten pounds, but their processing costs will be in the hundreds if not thousands of pounds, and they have no right to refuse. 10 pounds max per request, and a request can cover all your personal data (you just have to name exactly what you want them to return). the ICO has some guidelines on this: http://www.ico.org.uk/for_organisations/data_protection/the_... I had a read through the Revenue's guidelines, and it looks to me as if he would be exempt from VAT, because it's just FX: A supplier of an exempt intermediary service is a person who: - brings together a person seeking a financial service with a person who provides a financial service - stands between the parties to a contract and acts in an intermediary capacity, and - undertakes work preparatory to the completion of a contract for the provision of financial services, whether or not it is completed. all three of those apply (but IANATaxAdvisor) so, you think they'll accept liability for fraud? I don't think so, there's also no way for anyone to trace the transaction back to them I dunno, armoured trucks and vaults are pretty hard to get into. one critical bug in the main bitcoin client and the value will become zero (or close to it). whilst I like the idea of bitcoin, I'm not betting my retirement on being able to draw out my BTC balance in 40 years so uh, exactly the same problem bitcoin has vs. real currency? on examinations of code it's normally pretty easy to see who has a formal understanding of state machines, and who doesn't. 7 booleans to try and maintain state instead of a single enum value happens quite a lot in my experience the proof of work requires miners to generate some value such that HASH(block_value, generated_value) begins with fn(difficulty) zeros. miners choose a value for generated_value, hash it and hope it comes out with the required number of zeros, if not they try again, and again, and again until they (or someone else) finds a value. for simplicity let's say the fn(x) = x. difficulty of 5? hash must have 5 zeros at the beginning: 00000XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 10? must have 10: 0000000000XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX each zero you add on requires exponentially more time. ability to rollback fraudulent transactions? the knowledge you'll get most of your deposits back if the bank goes bust? (government mandated insurance schemes like FDIC/FSCS are really expensive for banks... this makes up a big part of your bank fees) the bank's capability to match up long term loans with short term deposits? people really want a 25 year mortgage, but also want instant access to their savings, the banks (mostly) match up these two incompatible goals: this is a useful function soft drinks put your logs in /dev/shm oh and don't remember to rotate them! they'd be able to handle webscale if they redesigned their platform using node.js but it's not the law yet... nothing wrong with md5 itself here, just the way it's being used. if you replace it with sha-2 you'd have the exact same problem (bcrypt is more than a simple hash function). also there's nothing stopping a thread having its own logical heap. grandparent is confusing the concept of address space and heap. was the question not about operating system implementations? I could condescendingly lecture people about blueberry ice cream, but that also wouldn't have any relevance to the topic at hand. sure, the fast lines on any 4 track section it really isn't, there's no GNU in Android every async io framework I've come across has something like runInThread(), which returns a callback. e.g. http://twistedmatrix.com/documents/10.1.0/core/howto/threadi... not really much boilerplate... http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-norfolk-18093981 gives a new meaning to 'hole in the wall' (the British term for an ATM) modern disks use the rotational energy in the spindle to do a "death write" to a reserved area when power is lost. don't use their service? easier said than done I know... my commuter train's wifi uses "Open"DNS, and most interesting websites are blocked (reddit, anything gaming related, etc), and the block pages are filled with their obnoxious advertising. I've been saying this for years, but I can't wait for DNSSEC to put people like OpenDNS out of business (isn't it odd they want to FUD the waters by pushing DNSCrypt?) ha, it was done deliberately. the government franchise agreement forces the train operating company (TOC) to provide a free WiFi service... it doesn't say it has to be useful, so the TOC reduces their data costs by blocking most of the Internet. to add insult to injury it's a subsidised service, so I'm paying twice for something that's unusable. and no, there is no other TOC and no other reasonable way to commute, so I'm stuck with it. whilst I can't choose my DNS provider on the train, at home I choose an ISP that is capable of running a recursive name server (if they can't run this very basic part of the service, I dare to think what the rest of it would be like...) I'm still not sure why the practise of deliberately returning spoofed garbage in response to legitimate queries is seen as an acceptable practise. it has been an criminal offence to with hold a password (when the court has requested otherwise) since the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000. http://www.legislation.gov.UK/ukpga/2000/23/section/49 note that forgetting the password is supposed to be a valid defence! NTFS supports it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transactional_NTFS I work for a large bank, and whilst my desktop is completely locked down, our development is done on remote (but still internal) boxes where we're essentially given free reign. each team is essentially autonomous, and they pick the tools they wish to use. yes, there is lots of paperwork, e.g. getting anything deployed requires multiple people from across the firm to agree, but it's mostly automated and doesn't take more a few hours of background time, and it's understandable: the amount of money the firm would lose if something went drastically wrong is eye boggling. the problems are challenging and interesting, I get to experiment with extremely high end equipment that isn't available for general purchase, and the hours are good (as is the pay). (though I admit there are parts of the organisation that don't have this freedom: you have to be careful when interviewing) uk: bank transfer, instantaneous and free if adblock didn't work on https that'd be one way to see it massively deployed ;) wouldn't you pay tax on interest for that 'CD' thingy too? also it's not a fair comparison: yes with a mortgage at the beginning your payments are 99% interest, but in the last 5 years they're almost entirely principle, so you get to keep that money. if you're still renting in 25 years 100% of that money is still going to the landlord, and your rent has likely gone up by a factor of 5 too. ALSO over long periods of time real estate nearly always increases in value (more than inflation), so that's another thing to consider. here in the UK the Education Act 1986 makes it a duty of a University to safeguard its members freedom of speech (within the law), and makes it unlawful for a University to do what Yale did here. http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1986/61/section/43 if you wish to be pedantic they seem to be working around the university using clever technical hacks, rather than fighting the underlying issue. (note that it's the law in the UK, not some worthless university document) > This is an active and vibrant defense of freedom, not some worthless British law. > (Oh I'm sorry, did I just libel Her Majesty's judicial system? How careless of me. I should watch what I write). guess I missed the bit of the US constitution where other people's databases were considered protected speech. icesave heavily advertised in the UK and had a UK based operation. they were supposedly also beholden to the EU depositor protection scheme, if they weren't then most depositors wouldn't have touched icesave. on the eve of the crisis the Icelandic politicians told the UK that they would pay out to UK depositors, then after the UK had paid out they changed their mind. no one could have predicted that the day before the collapse the Icelandic parliament would withdraw their promise so much for "atomic modifiers for contention free performance" (straight from http://www.mongodb.org/ ) also, if it's single threaded: why does adding more cores increase the update rate? isn't the entire point of mongodb that it's fast? if it can only do 1500 increments a second it's pretty useless... we believe it's better to not have it than to do it badly. the other way to do it would be like freenode: do it quickly without understanding the risks... they used the same SSL cert for every ircd, then they got hacked, and with no PFS, all their past SSL'ed IRC is now effectively in the clear. we are now actively working on the problem for server links, but ultimately believe that having ssl for client connections at this moment in time adds little value: https://www.quakenet.org/articles/99-trust-is-not-transitive... so we've had a solution to the credential sniffing for 10+ years: our services support AUTH via something very similar to CRAM-MD5. with that out of the way: you've missed the main point, and that is that it's really really hard (I would use the word impossible but I'm not 100% certain) to secure multiuser chat. the sheer number of places that could be compromised is so high, that offering a 'secure connection' (which users associate with actually secure online commerce) is dangerously misleading. we understand the threat model very well, and we recommend that you shouldn't trust us to secure your communications, and suggest something like fish instead. correct, which is far from ideal (essentially we're trapped by our CRAM-MD5 support) we've thought long and hard about this too, and don't consider it to be a large threat, as the only two people with access to the box[1] could silently replace the AUTH code and log all the passwords anyway, rendering any secured password store irrelevant. [1]: it's not even known outside the core where the box lives, and it's also essentially completely isolated from the internet at large. please stop putting words in my mouth: I never said it's not nice to have, I said I don't think it adds much value, and that I believe that it's dangerously misleading. I've been part of running a large IRC network for more than a decade: I have seen tens of thousands of users fall for various scams, get their passwords stolen, hand their passwords out willingly, connect through 'free bouncers' that perform operations as them, get DDoS'ed, install 'pingbooster.exe', you name it. I wouldn't call them stupid, just mostly unaware or naive, and ultimately if we are going to attempt to protect their communications them we need to take their behaviour into account. There are also operational concerns with deploying TLS: OpenSSL is up there in the top 10 list of 'software with the most security vulnerabilities', and if our servers get hacked our users really aren't any better off. We have a some plans (inspired by Chrome's architecture) to work around this huge issue (restarting a webserver has no impact, but you can't do this with an ircd), but it all takes time and we're volunteers. Ultimately I am a pragmatist, I will do things that I think are necessary and that I believe can work. we actually don't, the only thing tor specific we do is set to their host to something along the lines of 11223344.tor.gateway.quakenet.org. OTOH a lot of people do naughty things through tor (e.g. mass flooding) and get caught automatically by the network services, resulting in a large %age of tor hosts being banned for short periods.