Remember this is the SECOND time it has happened. Before it was the widespread hacking that resulted in Bitcoins being stolen. And users were never told exactly what happened and what was done about it. People have every right to expect the worse with a company with a track record as poor as Linodes. Sorry but having passwords in plaintext is not a "goofup". It is completely and utterly inexcusable. Storing passwords in clear text is definitely not normal. Also the social engineering implications could be huge. Many people use the same password across various sites so in theory there could be a lot of compromised email accounts. Which could then mean compromised internet banking sites, trading sites etc. I don't understand where you are coming from here. Why do you think companies can only do one thing at a time ? And where have you worked where software engineers are drafting press releases or conducting security audits ? And why shouldn't keeping customers (who have their own apps) informed be their top priority ? I am a former customer who was burned the last time they were hacked and were less than truthful. Now it has happened again and nothing has changed. Clearly non existent security audits (cleartext passwords ?) and still lots of unanswered questions. It should be crystal clear by now that Linode is fundamentally untrustworthy. No. Because Linode has been hacked before and exactly the same situation is playing out. Major compromise and selective release of information. I really do wonder at what point people are going to realise that they aren't dealing with a company who cares about their interests. > Google’s YouTube and Google Display Network have data on how a billion people prefer to spend their time. Have to disagree with you on that one. I doubt many people would subscribe to the notion that what they watch on YouTube is a reflection of how they like to spend their time. YouTube for many is nothing more than modern day trash TV. No I don't. You know why ? Because it never happened. This is very common place and I don't think there is anything wrong with it. What is unacceptable though is deliberately trashing your opponents. > This is coming from the perspective of a software engineer with 15 years of experience. Which makes your opinion actually LESS relevant and interesting. I would care more if this was written by a 50 year old father of two or a 14 year old girl. Those are the people you don't hear much from and whose buying decisions actually matter. Really Apple hasn't given enough support for web standards ? Because I wonder where the world would be today without WebKit. Because it is about more than the algorithm. Developers shouldn't have to spend $100K to get into the top 10 of an App Store. For whatever reason. That is money that Apple would much rather see dedicated to making better apps. There's nothing amazing about Linode's pricing and absolutely not worth the security risk and lack of transparency. Their support is terrible when you have a real problem and non existent during an incident. Go does't have 1/100000 the amount of libraries and support that Ruby or C does. Option A only seems simpler because you ignore the time/complexity in coding the task at hand. Yes. Nearly 20 years ago. But don't worry the JVM can save you. http://code.google.com/p/jgo/ Because I am being realistic. Ruby, C, Java etc have had decades to build a comprehensive set of developer libraries. Go hasn't. It's a "cute" platform that I am sure will beat Ruby in a few benchmarks. But I don't see any reason why anyone would seriously consider it for a real world app. I don't think you understand what you're even saying. Hearsay is information you've obtained from a third person i.e. not directly witnessed. The reporter directly witnessed a sudden spike in voting on the Disqus forum. He directly witnessed an articulate post being heavily downvoted. He was not complaining that there was anti-Apple sentiment on the internet. He was complaining it was happening specifically on his site. And had the appearance of being coordinated. The difference is that the reporter witnessed what appeared to be a coordinated effort to downvote the anti-Samsung posts. The hilarity of all of this is that the current product pipeline was signed off by Steve Jobs whilst he was alive. And the same people (except for Forstall) are still there plugging away. But that said Apple just needs to follow the iPod strategy for the iPhone/iPad and they will continue to pour in the cash. By that I mean products at lower price points but still maintaining the same premium aesthetic. Also I would stake my life that Apple WILL release a TV. But it will be 4K and coincide with a "H.265 across the company" strategy. Wow. I didn't realise just how incompetent Linode actually is. Not only terrible security at a coding level but completely non existent audits. I wonder what they were after if not money. What are people hosting ? You're still using Linode ? Why ? http://turtle.dereferenced.org/~nenolod/linode/linode-abridg... Based on what we've seen before I wouldn't give Linode the benefit of the doubt. The password is most likely cracked by now. Anything but Linode. People REALLY need to stop recommending them. When it comes to GAE it really doesn't seem like Google's heart is in it. Which given their history is a bad, bad sign. Why stop at currencies ? Are we now going to have evernote, dropbox, flickr etc ? Do you actually think the NFL is going to place a sharp-edged cube of perspex 1 inch from a player's eye ? Because that sounds far-fetched to say the least. Likewise I can't imagine anyone seriously using the fragile, expensive Glass instead of something a bit more rugged. How do you think Apple makes its products ? Magic ? They have to communicate and partner with lots of suppliers from small to large around the world. They also have content partnerships with Twitter, Yahoo, Facebook, Tom Tom, Yelp etc. And the there is the huge array of media partnerships in the iTunes Store. Seems like a LOT of partnerships actually. Actually maps is getting better organically. It surpasses Google Maps in a number of cities and being vector has a much better overall experience. The cloud services should be split. iTunes Music Store has been pretty rock solid since its inception. It's really iCloud Sync and the Mail features that need work. As was said on the Kickstarter page, he could. But then again he would potentially lose final cut, character choice, location choice etc. Return business class flights in Australia to Los Angeles can be at least $15K. If you are going to WWDC to just watch the lectures then you are missing the point. The point is to have Apple engineers look at your code, ask questions of the presenters, give feedback to Apple execs, network with fellow developers, attend the various BOFs etc. The most interesting part of WWDC is going to be seeing whether the SDKs for iOS and OSX unify. If developers can have one code base and deploy to all the Apple products (AppleTV, Mac, iPad, iPhone) it could be a real game changer for the whole industry i.e. the first multi-device platform war. I assume MS is thinking the same way (XBox, Windows, Windows Phone) with their recent moves as well as Ubuntu. I am guessing a bold, colourful change to the UI for both iOS/OSX. Something like this: http://cdn.cultofmac.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/calendar... Given that Ive is now in charge of UX as well he will want/need to differentiate himself from Forstall. And iOS/OSX are definitely due for a major overhaul. I disagree: If they did spread FUD they would be widely considered to be out of touch by the IT crowd. The same crowd they need to be incorporating the Paypal APIs into their apps. Sure. You could have a scaleable/responsive UI, separate layouts for each platform i.e. xibs or completely separate interfaces. But you would still need that common SDK. It looks that everyone is working to that goal. But no one is sure yet. But then the point could be made that those thousands of people on Kickstarter would be advocates or "net promoters" for the movie. Exactly. I was in North Korea early this year and even in the rural outskirts it isn't comparable to the poverty you see in Africa. I guess Africa just isn't interesting enough. So true. Maven is the PostgreSQL of build tools. What type of deluded nonsense is this ? Since when did adoption by the US government decide who will win the mobile platform 'war'. And I was under the impression that Apps 4 Army was built for iOS first. Does that mean iOS will now 'win' ? I've never understood this "don't obsess about performance at the start" rule. Is it really that much of a problem spending a few extra hours prototyping different solutions and factoring in performance from the start. Why wouldn't I pick Vertx over Play if it 2-3x faster with similar productivity. That's money not spend on VPSs that can be used for marketing. Likewise why wouldn't I look at a binary serialization format if it means my iPhone app starts up 5 seconds quicker. Users decide whether or not your app is worth keeping in those few seconds of starting the app. Why not spend time trying to keep them ? Or as great as PostgreSQL is for single server deployment why wouldn't I look at something easier to manage, trivial to scale and a more agile schema like a DynamoDB, MongoHQ, Cassandra. Especially if I am a single person startup. I understand about premature optimisation but it seems to make a lot more sense to properly consider your architecture from the start rather than deferring it. Or did we all forget Digg v4 ? Right. So then the mantra should be "pick the technology stack you know best" as opposed to "don't obsess about performance". They aren't the same thing. Actually an Engineer should be reserved for those who actually have an Engineering degree. It is a professional designation akin to a Doctor, Lawyer etc. Are these 'features' not available in the US ? Because they are standard here in Australia/NZ and IIRC the UK. Almost every major service center will loan you a car and provide a valet service. And the Annual Service Contract is typically thought of as a 'lock you in' scam to prevent you from getting cheaper servicing through third parties. I don't really see a lot of innovation here. I would like to see the car notify Telsa of a specific component fault then they come out to house/work and fix it on the spot. Or do servicing at night time and on weekends. I don't think it'll be too different from pulling out your phone from a politeness standpoint. This is the point a lot of Glass proponents don't seem to get. They assume that not paying attention to you whilst looking at your face is somehow more polite than looking at your phone. It's not. I suspect that over time Glass will become like Bluetooth earpieces. Perfect for use alone but a faux pas around other people. It is looking away that breaks conversations, not doing something else. You ARE looking away. And depending on how many messages you receive it could be just as irritating to the person(s) you're with as constantly checking your phone. Least of all the constant doubt about whether your conversation is being recorded or not. I am not disputing their unquestionable usefulness I just have doubts they will be acceptable in most social situations. For all we know it could be happening to lots of people. But they aren't tech journalists so we don't know about it. Are you arguing that truth doesn't have the potential ? If so. Care to upload photos of your passport, credit card and social security documentation ? Do you not have a sat nav ? I take it you didn't read past the first few paragraphs. Weird. I just downloaded the iOS app and it is useless to me. It has a Weather card which is terribly inaccurate and nothing else. So there is one area that Siri definitely beats Google Now and that is usability from day one. It is an important criteria for a mobile app. Silly guy. There is more to Scala than just the language. It is the JVM platform with its decades of features and hundreds of thousands of libraries. I personally don't understand the point of Go. If Google wasn't using it then it would have been forgotten by now. I could easily see Node persisting for years to come solely based on the "run Javascript on client or server" feature. It is pretty compelling and for new developers why wouldn't you just learn Javascript and skip the server-side languages. Of course types and structures are useful but why do I need it in my database as well as in my app ? That's one reason databases like MongoDB have become popular because you can deal exclusively with your domain model and treat the database like an object store. So you still have everything structured but not have to worry about annoying migrations. I have unit tests around my domain model so just as confident as I would be if I was using an ORM library. With the advantage of course of not having to worry about yet another library to manage especially working on mainly Java apps. And like many are doing these days I do all my joins in my app so that I have the flexibility of moving objects into more appropriate storage mediums e.g. Redis or Solr without major refactoring. I am not dismissing the benefits of having business rules in the database only that they aren't always necessary. I would guess that 95% of databases in use today aren't. I currently work at one now. But large, non-tech sector companies make up what 5% of the total number of businesses today ? And even then more and more systems are integrating via internal APIs or MQs rather than directly to the database. I don't know if you've ever travelled but very often withdrawals from an ATM will be processed without the balance of the user being known at that time. It's why your bank account can go into negative territory. Here is the question and results: http://news.sky.com/story/1084991/britons-trust-google-as-mu... As you can see any conclusions you can draw about Google are pointless since it was specifically benchmarked against politicians, banks etc which are universally disliked. It is obviously a broad based study. So here are a few of the other questions: http://www.mirror.co.uk/money/personal-finance/future-britai... After being bitten the first time with Linode I don't care what technical measures they are taking. I want to know what process and policy changes have been made. Do they still store public/private keys on the same server ? How often are they doing security audits (which clearly never happened before) ? Are they still going to be dodgy and withhold key information from their users ? Are users still going to find out hackings from IRC/Reddit rather than Linode itself ? Two factor authentication would have done NOTHING to prevent both hacking attempts. it would not be secure enough for a service storing bitcoins Linode was hacked twice (once where Bitcoins were stolen) in recent times and was shown to have the worst security practices I've ever seen. They have never been secure enough for storing Bitcoins. Make a change, restart the server, wait 5s, see if it works/check debug output. Look at JRebel, Play or Nailgun. Most of us aren't waiting 5 seconds before checking output. We just refresh the browser. Do they think their customers are stupid and will forget the incident? Yes. They have done it before and people on here still recommend them with a straight face. It honestly confuses me that people care so little about security. It sounds dreadful. I would much rather they be using a tablet so they can be 110% sure that the symptoms and diagnoses are clearly articulated. Having them rushed across a tiny screen or read out sounds like a disaster waiting to happen. Devices like Glass should only be used for small, simple problems where a wrong answer isn't going to result in someone dying. We don't yet know what the specifications of the consumer Glass will be. It could have digital/optical zoom in the camera. Also a program could be written to recognise a person's fingers and make statistical assumptions about the keys they would be most likely to press. But I think the ATM argument is moot anyway. Far easier to skim the card or simply rob them. Nobody liked the Nintendo DS when it first came out either Who is nobody ? The gaming community ? Because I would imagine the majority of the population would not know or care what Nintendo DS is. I fail to see how it is applicable to Google Glass which is designed from day one to be a mass-market device. I fail to see how. People use GoPro in generally sporting or rugged situations. Google Glass is pretty fragile and in those situations having a one inch glass/perspex cube in front of your eye is very dangerous. Can you possibly be a bit more specific when talking about 'resources' and 'much larger'. Makes it hard to evaluate if it is even an issue or not. Also can you elaborate more on the multi-DC part of CouchBase. Documentation seems to imply only supports two-DC replication and I find the "currently supports continuous replication of data" line to be odd. What are the future plans for CouchBase in this area ? Are you replying to the right person ? I don't own Bitcoins. And if I did I would never, ever host them on a Linode server. The days of Google Maps being vastly better than Apple Maps are fast disappearing. It is about 95% parity for Australia and UK at least and any differences are being eliminated rapidly. And the touted advantages of Street View aren't there since the data is at least 4 years out of date in some countries. The fact is that Maps aren't something you can dramatically keep improving. You reach the "everything is mapped" point and then it becomes a keeping everything up to date scenario. It is just me or is it a recent change ? I find Google Search to be incredibly frustrating to use because it chooses to ignore search terms even when pages exist with those terms. Google better be really careful because crippling the experience in order to sell more advertising reminds me why I switched away from Altavista. Whatever the reason. It has changed recently and is annoying. Search for "vertx play framework" and the last two search results don't have the term vertx despite pages and pages of results with the term. I don't understand how dropping search terms can make the results more relevant. Also you can't set the default search to verbatim. You can only hack the query parameters in specific browsers. If Facebook genuinely saw Path as a competitor they would simply buy it and kill it. I think it's more a case that Path's spamming tactics could have been seen to have Facebook's approval had they not intervened and put an end to it. Also add StatsMix, Librato, PirateMetrics and Startup Compass to the competitors list. I am not your target market but good luck regardless. I don't understand what you mean. America executes thousands of their "lower classes" each year as well as part of the criminal justice system. Doesn't mean that it is systemic "cleansing". You need to have better sources if you believe that is what China is doing. And the reason the entire world dislikes Israel as a country (as of the latest world popularity ranking) is due to its one-sided, selfish foreign policy and this ridiculous "anti Israel = anti Jewish" position many Israelis take. When everyone is sick of it you shouldn't be surprised if many academics are too. Do all intellectuals act as a single collective ? No ? Then do you mind not peddling such pathetic and baseless nonsense. Actions of few != Actions of all. You do know that plenty of people have given reviews on Glass ? None that I have seen predict that it will have mass-market appeal. Quite the opposite in fact. Many believe that they would wait for a 3rd generation version to truly decide on its potential. It's likely that Glass will be banned for driving based on what we saw in West Virginia. Which makes sense since your eye does have to look away from the road in order to use the device. Not to mention the drop in attention. Also have you heard of sat nav ? I was looking at the number of people on death row which is in the thousands. So willing to retract that. And this study was widely reported in the BBC and elsewhere: http://www.globescan.com/images/images/pressreleases/bbc2012... As you can see Isarel is down there with North Korea, Pakistan and Iran and with a downward trend in popularity no less. I have found lots of the smaller VPS providers (especially those that provided dedicated/colo services) to have great service. Check on http://webhostingtalk.com I fail to understand how you can think Linode has a great track record. It is an unequivocal disgrace. TWICE they have mislead their own customers over a major security incident. And there have been lots of times during outages (in particular my time at Fremont) where they were MIA. No. What went wrong with MeeGo was that it was too little, too late. I played extensively with the N9 and it just wasn't that impressive. It was pretty slow, had a cumbersome UI with next to no apps, ecosystem e.g. store/media or accessories. Nokia's hardware talent would simply have been wasted on it. Not really sure what he means. Apple isn't using smaller and smaller drives for the MacBook Air. The current release goes up to 512GB which is the max so far. And 10 years worth of high res photos and movies is always going to take up space. Why doesn't he just buy an external hard drive like a normal person or use Dropbox/S3 etc ? Google+ and your Android phone can manage 70GB of photos and ensure that they properly synced to multiple devices including a Mac ? Thumbnails get generated because most cameras are outputting multi-GB JPEG/RAW which take too long generate in real time on low end Macs whilst scrolling the thumbnail view. And Apple apps don't go to great lengths to hide photos. They are stored in your Pictures folder in a package e.g. Aperture Library. Just right click and your photos are there. Packages are great for inexperienced users since it is easier to backup and less opportunities to mess up the metadata. Dropbox WILL upload in the background for IIRC 10 mins as well as when you move around. https://www.dropbox.com/help/500/en Dropbox definitely knows about it. https://www.dropbox.com/features/photos It is up to individual cameras to support thumbnails and the resolution either way is postage stamped. The large 1024x1024 previews are for the large thumbnail view of your photos/albums (try it in iPhoto and you will see). And the metadata is stored inside the iPhoto/Aperture library package. For Aperture at least it is an open standard XML file so there is no 'lock in' what so ever. No. That's a con for the car. As the population of the world increases housing density will also increase. Hence it is important that Tesla find a way to accommodate people like condos as well as people who rent. Still waiting for an equally detailed update on what happened the last two times they were hacked. Having a secure VPS is far more important than the DC. I just don't like the "right tool for the job" argument. Then say the "right technology for the task" then. There is no ONE database that works perfectly in every situation. If a database lost data in a single server configuration, why would you trust it as a cluster? Please be serious here. EVERY database has had at one point lost data due to a bug. It doesn't mean that there is some systemic problem that means you should jump ship immediately. To this day Foursquare who are the ones referred to in the article still use MongoDB: http://engineering.foursquare.com/2012/11/27/mongodb-at-four... I am still a bit confused what the point of VP9 is. Microsoft and Apple pay for the licenses on behalf of developers and users so licensing cost only affects a very tiny minority. And with the likes of Sony (PS), Microsoft (Windows/XBox) and Apple (iOS/OSX/Final Cut) firmly in the H.265 camp why would you produce content for VP9 if no one can play it. I don't believe any of this is correct. If I use my Canon 5D/iPhone to film a movie then edit with Final Cut Pro and upload my video to YouTube at what point am I required to pay the MPEG-LA for a license ? Are you really suggesting that tens of millions of people are in breach of MPEG-LA licensing requirements ? I have a SmartTV as well. Tried the apps once and never touched it again. It really is 90's era software. I honestly can't fathom why the TV manufacturers are just sitting back, twiddling their thumbs and waiting for Apple to come in and make them look stupid. I mean really is a TV so much more complicated to build a decent UI for than a smartphone or computer ? Have you never used the Google apps on the iOS before ? They are good but not significantly better than Apple's built in ones. Apple Maps may have less quality data but has a much better UI and uses a lot less data. Google Now is pointless compared to the genuinely useful Android version. Chrome is slower in most cases than Safari and not integrated with the rest of the OS. And really all their other apps simply aren't popular. Unfortunately Apple just doesn't give third party apps any room to expand beyond its tiny little sandbox. This was in September 2011. Are you really holding a grudge for this long ? My suggestion would be to forget about this and move on. No offense to anyone but GNOME is just dreadful and there are so many other Linux/FOSS projects that desperately need people. Help them out instead. Yes. Yes. Yes. A well supported, polished multi-master implementation would definitely bring PostgreSQL into the 21st century. It's been far too long not to have this. And look to databases like Cassandra for ease of setup and maintenance. Cassandra would be the one to look at. Have strong consistency by default with the option to define eventual consistency per query/session. It's so useful with Cassandra to have that flexibility to favour performance over accuracy. Also OOTB should support EC2, ZeroConf/Bonjour and make it understand racks/data centres. Definitely deployment flexibility. Write on OSX, Test on Linux, Run on Solaris. But also performance. JVM can be faster than say C/C++ code in many cases. Java platform has already had plenty of reboots. Play, Grails and Vert.x have shaken up web development. Scala, Groovy and Clojure for languages. Who cares about startup times for a web server ? And with JRebel, Play or Grails you have no startup time anyway. You just hot swap the code in the JVM. This is a good overview of Go concurrency: http://www.slideshare.net/jgrahamc/go-oncurrency As a Java developer I personally don't find it that impressive compared to something like the LMAX Disruptor or even Vert.x but I can appreciate that it is simple and that always counts for a lot. One issue is that many of these points are design characteristics of MongoDB and should have been known before hand. I am not criticising but it's almost like you did zero research before hand. Transactions for example have never existed in MongoDB and joins doesn't really make much sense. Sorry but I don't think you know what you're talking about here. Write locking definitely leads to throughput issues but it results in better consistency not less. So the guys at Foursquare are driven by "fads" and don't have a clue about databases or scaling ? These articles are just one side of the picture which gets heavily upvoted on HN. And of course it is about elitism. Listen to yourself. "It's about making good decisions". I mean who are you to judge from the outside what technology a company should use for a specific use cases ? Standby is a pretty poor solution compared to replica set let alone what Cassandra has to offer. Sharding is trivial on MongoDB/Cassandra and it is open source. So let's be accurate here. It is a problem inherent with the SQL databases. And I think you underestimate the benefits of scaling out. If I want to ensure close to 100% uptime or have a server closer to my users than Cassandra or even MongoDB would be infinitely easier to setup and manage than Postgres. These are "very nice to haves" for even the tiniest startup. Have to agree. It is surprisingly ugly. What happened to the consistent design we have seen with Google Now, Gmail etc ? Calm down with the hyperbole. I mean have you EVER tried WebGL ? It is not ready for prime time and I shudder to think what people on older machines or laptops are going to experience. It's been years since Google actually released something useful on GAE. All while AWS has blown it away with an array of new systems e.g. SWF, EMR, Glacier, Transcoder. I always liked what Google was getting at with GAE i.e. a simpler, more cohesive AWS. But it just doesn't seem like Google has its heart in it. And we all know what happens to products like that at Google. See this is what people don't get. Apple isn't trying to complete with Google Maps. They are just trying to get a 95% default solution to prevent Google from using its leverage to make changes to the OS e.g. sending more user information to Google. And by all accounts they have achieved this. So what if there is a bias ? EVERYONE has biases. It's what makes us different. You shouldn't ever be downvoted for expressing an opposing position. How about attacking the argument instead of the person ? Trying to paint this black/white picture of someone just because they disagree with you is frankly pathetic. Do you have some proof that this person works for Microsoft ? Because if you don't then YOU are the one degrading the quality of HN with baseless allegations. > Background auto-updating should be the default on all OSes. And then the foreground app will have slower network speed and performance which given that a mobile device is a bad thing. If I need to quickly check mail I want that to be the only priority of the phone. The current behaviour is just fine. Many poeple are just waiting until the device is plugged in at home/work before updating all apps. No but your entire argument is weakened when you use loaded terms like "fascist" or "liberals". Ultimately paying taxes IS a moral issue since at least some of the money will be used to pay for human services i.e. health, education. And so when companies deliberately avoid paying taxes it does in a small way equate to a reduction in the quality of life for at least some of the population. No. Your post contains no information. The post above has a list of issues that they believe Rand Paul has questionable positions on. What are you talking about ? "Right to choose" is common parlance. There is nothing debatable about its use in this context. It means a right to choose whether to have an abortion or not. You're just being ridiculous now. it's refreshing seeing someone defend a position because he believes in it, and not because his job depends on it You might be want to be careful with that line. Rand Paul is not stupid. He knows how critical the "internet generation" was to his father's success. You only had to look at how Ron Paul's supporters cleverly involved themselves in the mechanics of the primary process to know that this was a group that punched above its weight. Given that Rand is clearly positioning himself for 2016 every decision he makes is not necessarily altruistic. You do know that 5 year olds can understand this, right ? REGULATION = GOOD REGULATION + BAD REGULATION Arguing against "regulation" means arguing against the good and the bad. Which is the height of stupidity since you're effectively arguing for companies to do whatever they want, whenever they want with zero consideration of anybody else. Any chance you can stop misrepresenting what people say ? He didn't say he was against guns. Only against the lax regulation of them. And given that the overwhelming majority of the population support him it is hardly a controversial position. Not sure why you decided to derail the point with a criticism of alcohol. You do know that ONE person does not speak for the hundreds of millions of gay people worldwide, right ? No. People across the world do genuinely care about right to choose and same sex marriage. Personally I've seen more vitriol and misplaced anger from pro-Google commenters. People keep talking about Linode's support but it is only great when everything is fine. Try getting support when their DC is down or there are networking problems. Then you won't be hear back for hours. Given the recent merging of the console and handheld divisions it wouldn't surprise me to see the next handheld become the controller for the console. Please stop peddling this rubbish. Startups have been losing data all around the world with SQL databases as well e.g. Dribbble. The implementation of ACID is just as important as the concept itself. Yammer, Github, Braintree, Kiip are a few. Braintree is interesting as they process credit cards for a LOT of startups e.g. AirBnb, 37Signals, Uber, Fab, Living Social. There is a perception amongst some guys in IT that women aren't capable enough to be great programmers. Hence they either don't strive to higher positions (and higher wages) or they are deliberately kept down. I've seen it happen on a few occasions and it's really disheartening to watch them get screwed over. Rather than address the content of what is being said you try and dismiss it as though Marie Claire could never, ever produce an objective, insightful look at the role of women in the IT industry. And then try and excuse the behaviour with a "but sales guys do it". Nice work. I spent years at university (at great cost) and countless long hours because I genuinely believe that this is a serious profession on par with a doctor or scientist. And I for one am sick of these stories coming up again and again and being dismissed by people such as yourself again and again. So you're saying that in keeping with "gender stereotypes" men should be inconsiderate, sexist assholes and women should just shut up and deal with it ? And for the record trying to equate a fashion/lifestyle magazine with the totality of the female gender is completely and utterly stupid. In contrast, Linode ... but their support is there and very responsive. People keep saying this but it simple isn't true. It is only responsive when everything is working fine and you have some OS/app level issue. But watch what happens when their Fremont DC goes down. You will submit a ticket and not hear back for hours (if at all) all whilst your site is down. You're then forced to jump on IRC and listen to gossip about what is happening. Linode's support is as good as their security. Smoke and mirrors. Question. Do you actually use Dropbox ? Because for me it is one of the most overrated services I use. They haven't actually done anything new to the product since the beginning and the CPU load when syncing is still ridiculously high. IMHO The only reason Dropbox is successful because the alternatives e.g. SkyDrive, Google Drive are so much worse. Google Drive on the Mac anyway is a buggy, intolerable mess. I've lost data. I've experienced hard crashes on startup, during syncing and on exit. You only have to look on the product forums to get an idea. Data loss is simply inexcusable. http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!categories/drive/rep... As I mentioned below Google Drive loses data and is unacceptably buggy. Just see the product forums for the countless examples of it happening. I see no reason why you wouldn't go with Dropbox. Even just for the fact that you shouldn't rely on anything from Google that doesn't have or is related to advertising. The other thing is that there is an additional type of fragmentation happening on the Android platform: users. Samsung's aggressive advertising has brought a huge class of users who are less technical but also more likely to buy apps as opposed to pirate them i.e. more valuable. Hence as a developer it would be wise to just test my apps on Samsung devices and not worry about anything else. Likewise if Samsung were to have custom APIs I would be forced to not instantly dismiss them. Surprised no one is talking about Skype. This is a killer app and a genius acquisition by Microsoft. Having so many young, tech users using Skype is going to have a massive flow on effect to other users in particular older ones. So it seems as though there is basically a Hypervisor OS and two Virtual Machines. One for TV and one for Gaming. Given that TV and Gaming have vastly different resource requirements and use cases it isn't surprising that you would optimise for each use case. Also it wouldn't surprise me if Microsoft in the future releases a cheap AppleTV competitor with just the TV VM and a cheap gaming only XBox with just the Gaming VM. Sure. But if XBox Live machines are in the same datacentre as the Azure ones then you would be crazy not to use Azure as the platform for your apps. it becomes slower than standard DBs Sorry but either you're ignorant or being deliberately disingenuous. Either way this statement is completely untrue for many use cases. Can you not imagine situations where a document database would be orders of magnitude faster than ANY SQL one ? Think about a document with hundreds of embedded documents which equate to joins in SQL. Have to agree the problem with SQLite isn't SQLite it's the generally terrible wrappers companies put around it. On both iOS and Android the default ones are terrible. And even many third party ones aren't the best. Advertising. Imagine being being able to go to an advertiser and say "we have every important metric on the behaviours and desires of young people". The plural of anecdote is not data. Just because you and your circle of friends don't like Facebook doesn't mean much. Especially given that Facebook is a worldwide service and attitudes/behaviours of people differ from country to country. The facts are that Facebook's user count is growing around 20% year on year with extremely high engagement. So people aren't moving. Sorry but NONE of what you said is true or frankly makes any sense. Chromium will likely be less standards based now that they don't have the tow of the other WebKit companies keeping them in check. Case in point: SPDY. Google is not the only company who has to defend every engineering decision. The reason it is being discussed is that it is fitting into this new narrative of Google being less interested in standards and more interested in their advertising centric walled garden. And finally Google can do multiple things at once. It isn't an either-or scenario. There are a few examples though where Google has opted not to support or develop standards. For example WebM, SPDY and XMPP and not to mention their continued support for Motorola's despicable FRAND abuses. Exactly my point. Google develops a proprietary protocol without ANY consultation. They then leverage the fact that they own the world's biggest website and popular browser to force it by stealth into popularity. And then afterwards decide to work to standardising it despite it not necessarily being the optimum choice for everyone. The core protocols of the internet are fundamental. And they should be designed deliberately with as many parties as possible involved. This is not the way standards should come into existence. No. You don't understand what proprietary means. SPDY is a trademarked technology owned by a private corporation. The only reason companies are adopting SPDY is because it is an improvement than HTTP. SPDY is far from perfect. The issue is that with core internet protocols this is not the way it should happen. Weird. I found Knockout to be very easy to be modular. It supports RequireJS and you can have as many view modals as you like. It's biggest problem is that it still feels like a bit of a hack at times as you have to constantly have to battle between what is a JS object and what is a function. I disagree that Javascript is not a real language. But I do agree that the entire way we build web apps surely can't be sustained. It's incredibly cumbersome to do the simplest things and you are right that parallelism that is intrinsic to responsiveness in desktop/mobile apps is inadequate. But the real question is what the stack of the future should/will look like. Not really. If they are dedicating resources to this instead of improving their across the board woeful security practices then it is relevant. And it does beg the question if they can't manage their own infrastructure why would anyone be silly enough to let them manage theirs ? It's not the track record that is important. It's the fact that after their first major hacking attack they learnt absolutely nothing. Still hiding the truth from the customer. Still failing to do security audits. Still sticking with their ColdFusion front end. Also their support is only good for minor incidents. When you have a data centre go down their support evaporates and you will be left with a multi-hour outage with no clue what is happening. And so why haven't we heard anything specific from Linode about what happened ? At minimum they can talk about the technology/security improvements they have made. And what about the first time this happened ? People need to stop excusing this sort of behaviour from companies. with the AI and data sets to power things like Google Now Microsoft, Amazon, IBM and Yahoo to name but a few. And I've used Google Now and I fail to see what makes it so incredibly advanced that no one else could possibly replicate it. Maybe I am missing something but it doesn't seem to hold a candle to say Watson. I would still think that Braintree would be a better bet. They abstract the bank part of the equation as well so you are just dealing with a single entity for any issues that arise. Plus their pricing is a little bit better: https://www.braintreepayments.com/pricing That said ANY competition is always nice. The real question though is how they handle chargebacks. Wow. Was not aware of that and their web site definitely seems misleading. Will definitely be giving Pin a go then. Perth is at a disadvantage though being so far from all the angels/VC in the eastern states so kudos to Pin. And being originally from Perth it is fantastic to see it show that it is so much more than just a FIFO mining town. resort to good old police-work and the judicial system to back it all up. The problem is that many countries where we have radical militants operating have (a) porous borders and (b) an inadequate police/judicial system. So unless you want another situation like in Mali where there was free reign for militants then you do need the military involved hence a war on terror. And that is the crux of the issue. When you look at weak states like Mali or Nigeria do people really want a hands off approach ? No I don't. And as a non-US citizen we are grateful that under Obama there has been a push towards multilateral engagement. And that is how you police the world: with established international treaties and institutions that have a strong moral authority. And yes stamping our radicalism in places like Mali or Nigeria absolutely makes the US safer. It is without doubt a terrible situation that should never have happened to begin with. It's a modern day POW camp. The problem that nobody seems to be able to answer is what exactly you do with them. Their home countries don't want them and the logistics of simply releasing them into the US is very complex i.e. what will they do and what if they don't want to be there. Actually the analogy is a bit off. Most people aren't buying Android phones they are buying Samsung phones. With the PC market Microsoft tightly controlled the Windows experience so it looked and worked the same regardless of the hardware. With the Android platform this isn't the case. HTC phones looks and behave quite differently from a Samsung or a stock Android. Each company is trying to differentiate the experience as much as possible. And the low-end/high-end split isn't playing out the same this time around. Samsung is very much in the high end and Apple is tipped to be releasing a low-cost iPhone shortly. And if Apple manages to gain low end traction like they did with the iPod then that could change the game a bit as well. I think the author has missed something. The first result wasn't a typical organic link. It was a Google+ enhanced link i.e. it mentions "this person in 30 Google+ circles". From my personal perspective when I see a link like that I won't click it. Because I assume that it is going to a Google+ page which like Facebook pages will have general and not context-specific content. That and the fact that showing a person's photo makes it seem like it is a "one man" operation as opposed to a successful company. All of your examples don't fall under the category of "Don't be Evil" but rather "Don't do anything Illegal". Apple equally could ship every iPhone with a keystroke logger and a C4 explosive to detonate every time someone typed Android. Or Microsoft could modify their browser to record bank logins and secretly steal 1c everyday from their customers. The point about "Don't be Evil" was to not do anything that was immoral but legal. I would consider Google's support of Motorola's behaviour in abusing FRAND patents to be an example. Or Google's deliberate ignoring of the Do Not Track advertiser setting. I think the point was that you could directly search for people who were about to cheat on their exam. It's a pretty disingenuous example since you could do exactly the same thing on Google: "cheat exam" site:twitter.com or just directly on Twitter. So Microsoft is opportunistic. Big deal. Google was equally quite happy to "brag to the Chinese authorities that they are on the Chinese government's side" as well in the past. They just maybe didn't understand the implications of what they meant. Yes. We could do much, much worse than Google. We could also do much, much better. But the fact is that every company is complying with the basic tenants of the law and that is all that anyone can expect of them really. why consumers want corporations to pay more tax as it effectively increases prices. Simple. When was the last time you bought a 787 jet, tractor, industrial window washer or ordered 1000 tonnes of concrete ? People want ALL corporations to pay more taxes and are fine if the few products that they do buy are a tiny bit more expensive. The fact is that most 'adults' understand that taxes pay for essential services such as education, infrastructure and health care. And during the tough times we live in aren't happy those services are being cut whilst corporations are making huge profits. Remember this is people's day to day lives we are talking about. I think most people would agree that where the line gets crossed is when products bought in one country e.g. UK have taxes applied in another country e.g. Ireland. I read it the same way. And it's about giving Iranians EASIER access to iPads, Android phones, MacBooks etc so they can gain more information about what is going on in the rest of the world. Given how important technology played in the Arab Spring uprisings it seems strange the US even put these sanctions in place to begin with. I never understand posts like these. Facebook is merely a reflection of your life. It is your friends, your choices about which posts to see, your choice to visit X number of times a day, your choice to try and benchmark your life against theirs. If you are unhappy about what your friends are posting and what that says about you then do something about it. Work to improve your life, get different friends, seek counselling or just continue to wish that more of your friends were miserable too. Your argument made sense in the years past where there only were technical people on the internet. But now it is less so. People are comfortable making their own choices on the internet and don't need the recommendations or advice of technical people like they did it in the past. Look at the success of Pinterest or Instagram for example. Neither grew because of technical people. Have never seen a single baby picture or cat meme or anything like it on Facebook. And several of my friends have kids. There is a temptation when people comment on Facebook to extrapolate their experience with the vast array of different societies, social norms, perspectives, ages, interests, backgrounds, maturities etc. http://www.webhostingtalk.com/forumdisplay.php?f=2 Consumers should care. Because the platform that makes developers the most money is the one they are going to spend the most time on. Hence more features, better quality experience etc. Firstly AWS sets the benchmark for security, transparency and compliance which we know you won't get from Linode for example. Secondly AWS has a damn good network. Thirdly lots of software 'understands' EC2 e.g. Cassandra, Hazelcast. AWS' popularity comes not just from the wide array of decent, well integrated and cohesive services e.g. S3, SQS, ELB, ElastiCache but also all of the third party services that are hosted within the AWS network e.g. MongoHQ, IronMQ/IronIO. AWS is very much an ecosystem. If you are building a new app from scratch there a lot of benefits to having others manage the commodity parts of your infrastructure. Not necessarily. AWS has a far superior network to almost anything else out there. Machine performance is not the only important part. Because CEOs need to act like adults not petulant little children. You obey the law. Period. And if you don't agree with it you lobby directly or encourage your users to do so. Well he did flee to Hong Kong of all places. So clearly he isn't the most learned person around. I've lived in Hong Kong for over a decade so know it's culture. It's not that dissimilar from Singapore in its western leanings. Hong Kong's history is irrelevant as they have an extradition treaty with the USA. Any normal person would not seek asylum in a country where this was the case. USA does not have an extradition with basically every country. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_extraditi... It has been widely reported just how bizarre it was to pick a country like Hong Kong given their recent cooperation with the USA. There is a high contrast mode. And the entire web mainly uses color to differentiate between links and normal text ie. many omit the underlining. So not sure what makes iOS so different in this regard. Yes. It's almost like this is a beta version of the biggest ever change to the OS and some people will have to learn new ways of doing the same tasks. The only thing 'telling' is that somehow you're surprised by this. Which has been categorically denied by the email service providers themselves and public statements from the NSA. So clearly something is amiss here. Before Google there was plenty of ways to find links. Other search engines (e.g. Lycos, Yahoo, Excite, Altavista), link directories (e.g. Yahoo, Netscape Directory), magazines (e.g. Wired, .Net), content-driven ISPs (e.g. AOL, CompuServe, eWorld). The problem is that "great content" (aka landing pages) is merely another form of spam. There is still a ridiculous amount of enterprise web apps that are built for IE. Just saying "switch to Firefox" or "change products" is simply not an option. Wow Kevin sure does like Facebook: http://www.dailydot.com/authors/kevin-morris/ And the problem with that graph/article is that it fails to consider the size of the user bases. Facebook is so huge that its demographic breakdown mirrors that of the real world. Whilst all the other sites have a fraction of the user base so obviously their graph will skew more towards the type of site they have. Maybe there should be a graph of how many 0-20 year olds there are on Facebook versus the other sites. Why is it bizarre ? The UK government simply doesn't want a repeat of the diplomatic mess that was Julian Assange's asylum claim. Sorry but is this the kind of paranoid stupidity I should start to expect from HN now ? The "government" has been able to collect far more data via the tax and health care systems, TSA, census etc for decades. Imagine all the scary statements I could contrive from those. Or how about we amp up the crazy and talk about all the things the "government" could be doing with their drones and satellites. I'm sorry to say but a lot of countries will degrade back to authoritarianism within the next 10-20 years due to economy and political problems. Like ? Name the countries. Sorry what laws have been broken again ? I wasn't aware there were ones that applied to persons/institutions OUTSIDE the country. And Apple plans to make a lot of UI changes. Because this is after all a BETA. Can I ask how you manage to use the web ? Because Apple's use of colour to identify links is identical to 90% of the sites I visit daily. Did you even read the article you linked to ? Allegedly, the branding/marketing teams first designed the icons and the other teams coordinated their designs based on those icons. I don't know if you've actually used iOS7 but there is quite clearly a direction. It's a little unfocused in places but it's clear. No. It's because the majority of the population (62%) fully support it. They want the US to be actively preventing the next Boston Marathon bombing or 9/11. And are more than happy to give up a small amount of their own privacy in order to do so. http://www.theatlanticwire.com/politics/2013/06/nsa-spying-p... The NSA already open sourced a data storage system. It's called Accumulo and is built on Hadoop. http://accumulo.apache.org Apple and Google use simplistic presentations. Does that mean that the target audience for WWDC and Google/IO are morons ? No. So I probably would read too much into the presentation style of the slides. we'd label him a neoconservative corporatist in the same vein as Cheney Only if you are a child who is unable to appreciate that people are far more complex than simplistic labels. Why not call him a socialist fascist as well ? Or a war monger ? Or a liberal ? Or anti capitalist ? Oh wait there are some contradictions there. Well the NSA head did say that dozens of terrorist acts had been thwarted with the help of the phone records. Which could means that there are potentially hundreds/thousands of active terrorist investigations. Given that any one could be the next Boston Marathon, 9/11 or perhaps on an even bigger scale like polluting water sources or dirty bombs using material from poorly secured Pakistan/Russian nuclear sites. If you were receiving daily updates outlining the creative and more sinister ways terrorists were planning attacks perhaps you might come to the conclusion that the US is out of its depth and needs every tool at its disposal. There must be a sale on tin-foil hats or something. Why would the Whitehouse intermittently take down the petitions site ? The petitions aren't binding and are merely used to help guide their decisions and provide a forum for clear responses to issues. It's not like the response to this petition is going to be revelatory: National security is important. Leaks compromise national security. Snowden is bad. The End. The point is that most people didn't assume that the government had access to the extent it did and how much was done domestically. That's why it has been such a big story. So on the basis of this it's obvious that Snowden endangered national security. Not all terrorists are sophisticated remember e.g. Boston Marathon.