Grails!! OP here. Sorry for the URL, but I caught it in my twitter feed on my mobile phone and posted it. Maybe HN's mods can fix that. I tried to editing it but while you can edit the title and/or add text, you can't edit the URL (which makes sense, actually). Sorry guys. Thanks! Just the answer i was looking for!!! I love how Ikea embraces new technologies to make life actually easier, without bulls t. Actually, inside any client, you can do M-x eval-buffer and re-evaluate your whole .emacs. http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_node/emacs/Lis... A note: I' be careful though, because depending on how you create your variables, thing can go wrong, I guess: if you-re going to use eval-buffer on your whole .emacs, I'd better use, for example, add-hook instead to add-to-list: (add-hook c-mode-hook 'linum'mode) instead of: (add-to-list c-mode-hook 'linum-mode) Just saying. Have fun with your configs :) lol It's been a while since I last "walked out", but the one time I most clearly remember is this: Informed this guy I was not going to work any further with him, took another job on and simply ignored his emails/texts/whatever. Blocked him from calling me (Android blacklist). I just saw him one or two times, to collect the remaining payments. I've been pretty formal when talking him, and whenever he asked "I'm doing things" was my reply. "Suit up!!" That is Murphy trolling you very, very hard. There's even an AMI image for Amazon ec2 hosts IIRC, which brings down the costs when coupled with a reserved instance. Well, consider that probably the content was developed by someone who knows what he/she is talking about, and has been later edited by content editors, mistakenly. This is a reasonable explanation to me. I always thought that having a yearly subscription to a gym that provides at least showers and lockers is a good idea. OP's story seems to confirm. I used to use ZoneAlarm free firewall back in the day I was using Windows. At first it's annoying because it'll ask every single time a process wants to use the network, but after you train it, you'll get warned and explicitly ask whenever a program outside your regular ones wants to access the internet. But keep in mind that if, for example, you allow Firefox to access the internet, you won't be protected from code run by Firefox doind nasty networking stuff. Oh, I must pay attention to that. That is a very interesting observation. Edit: In the land I come from (south Italy) it was fairly common up to 50s and 60s for a couple to raise many children, as many as 7 or eight. The reason is dead simple: being the economy largely based on agriculture and being schools not very common, more children meant more helping hands. That need has basically disappeared. I came to think that many, many times deep understanding an elegant, well crafted solution are just an exercise of style, not really needed, and not actually needed (often a waste of time). And __DON'T__ get me wrong on this: I love understanding how things work and write beautiful code. The thing is: you're working for a company, and let's say you're using $language and $framework. You have the deadline in a month (or two months, or n months). You come across a problem. And here the kind of company you're working for makes the difference. If you're working for a small or medium sized company, maybe it's just better to google an answer and do some copy-paste from stack overflow. Small-sized companies have more interest in getting things done than anything else. Typically. If otherwise you're working for a big company, you're developing code which will be used by thousands (millions?) of users and your company has (or wants to establish) a role in the open source industry, then you sit down and examine the bug, you examine the stack traces, you fix it, and maybe submit a patch. Not only that, you also want to make your code as fast as it can possibly be. Because saving 2% execution time on two servers may not be that interesting if you have to spend three weeks, but saving execution time on 300 or 400 servers (or more)... Well, that matters. As many other said, it's all about compromise. You may want to consider applying for a position to $big_company. THIS. THIS. THIS. THIS. A MILLION TIMES THIS. The source code is awful and crappy, but 14 years later it still renders. Also if you save the page and load in the browser it will still load correctly. Gloriosus tales of a forgotten past. Working, so that i'll charge 1/3600th of dollar more. Did you guys try Emacs' org-mode? I feel its syntax to be similar to markdown but way more powerful. THIS. I cannot agree more: MEGA. It just works, it has client for android, windows, mac, ios, gnu/linux. Also, if you feel like paying, it's way more cheap than Dropbox. And you get privacy! All of the encryption and decryption is done client side. If you don't believe that, go and see the (public!) APIs. Algorithms. I mean, bad algorithms. When your algorithms is O(N^2) or worse, like O(N^3), the computer will handle small amount of data, and faster hardware will only allow your N to grow very little. (N being the amount of data your algorithm is dealing with). ...wow. I might just get off The bed and try it right now. Tetris is among The games GNU Emacs provides. Coincidence? I think not. I opened this tab and forgot about it. Didn't realize it was a car purring, began doing smartctl tests on my hard disk. Lol. 999£ will get you a brand new computer, why spend it on an external graphic card ? Hey, you may want to check this out: https://stack-todolist.herokuapp.com/ It's an application I wrote as I was learning Go. It's a "bookmark stack". You want to save a link? You push it in the stack. You want to read something interesting ? You trust your past self and pop something from the stack. One of the ideas is not to know what's on the stack until you've popped it out, and get used to read a page carefully once it's popped, and not to stack links "indefinitely". It a bit WIP, but feedback are welcome. Next thing on the to-do list is bootstrappizing the general look&feel. This is The dawn of a brand new era. I had nice results blocking ads with squid+adzapper. The nice thing is that it does not slow down firefox, ad opposed to the adblock plus extension. I've been writing m68k asm code and building gcc-based toolchains until two months ago for the computer architecture exam. In my emacs setup, I use Hermit (a font for programmers, by a programmer) https://pcaro.es/p/hermit/ The article is paywalled and i can't read it. Might sound like a stupid idea, but using "issues" on GitLab/GitHub ? They're pretty easy to understand, users can assign issues to other users, and labels make it easy to say what kind of problem the issue refers to. If you can't work... You can't work. Mutt or The emacsclient in terminal mode (ncurses) Good luck getting 86MPG with an used Lupo 3L. And hey, driving downhill is cheating. Also confronting used stuff with new stuff is just dumb. Plus, I don't know where you live, but in the city a thing like this could do just fine: in the city where I live I see plenty of Renault Twizys driving just fine. Lol!! Sincere kudos to Leonardo. I used to hang out with him and some others in #netbsd-it on freenode some years ago (when I was using NetBSD). He is a very nice guy. Emacs' org-mode is missing. This. But what if robustirc goes down? :P Could you elaborate on that ? This is spam in italian... LOL ? Yes, most is awesome. I recommend that too. JsonPath is no standard and last time I checked there only was a quick-and-dirty JavaScript implementation. Oh God someone is finally speaking some sense on this topic. From the replies: > What type of cat did you use? This may require a certain > weight distribution and pawing behaviour to avoid keyboard > buffer overflow. "Oh cazzo, un debian!" -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5ocXFgowZA Just a quote: "Don't worry, I've got a small program that reads from /dev/null!" Step 0: Get a folding bike. Step 1: Be an adult and carry it around with you. Might feel strange at first, but eventually people will get used to it and will stop asking questions. Step 2: Live happily. As a proud X220 user, i can confirm it is an awesome laptop. As of window manager, I am giving stumpwm an extended try. No complaints so far. I wonder what would happen if somebody does something similar with a piece of software (open or closed source). I mean, I wonder what the legal consequences would be. I used to write small Java MIDlets using just GNU Emacs because the laptop I was using at the time was too old and slow to run NetBeans. I have to say that since the Javadoc format for documentation is the best format ever, I was productive anyway. Actually, it made me get very very quick at browsing documentation and appreciate it. Also, by browsing documentation manually, I got to discover many neat stuff within the default-provided Java packages. ... Did you know you can do neat stuff with java.awt.Robot? ;) I have a Nexus 5 and a no-brand tablet I use only to read ebooks. And no, I do not like them. It's not about the hardware, the software or usability. It's about the fact that mobile phone has become the 21st century leash. I do not install random apps, and still my phone is always busy and burdened with notifications, notifications, unread messages and such. Wherever I am, day or night, someone is going to trigger a notification on your phone, send you a message or worse, CALL YOU. And thank god I ditched Facebook a long long time ago. This is _SO_ annoying. Also, it is ABSURD that I have to manually edit notification settings for every app in order to disable crap. And apps want absurd permissions (stupid example: want to convert degrees to radians? well, I'm gonna need access to camera, microphone, your contact list and your identity). Thank god android 6 fixes this. Sometimes I think I should switch back to my old (but SILL WORKING) Nokia N73, and keep my Nexus 5 as nice toy, just in case I need Google maps or something. It's high time Mozilla gets its shit together. > Ideally the tools would be language agnostic and easy to monitor That's literally cron. In order to get the output of a cronjob, most of the implementation will let you prepend a MAILTO=" " before the line containing the job. A mail will be delivered to the system user identified by , likely in /var/spool/mail/ . I am not sure, but maybe you can use a full email address too. Want statistics? Wrap your command in a statistics-gathering application (go find one in the internet or roll yourself). Low resource? Thunderbird? You might want to check out claws-mail. You get notification via a plugin (on debian/ubuntu, the plugin is in another package, but it's very easy to get). What Heroku services are you using ? Is there a pdf or epub version somewhere? I'd love to save it on my e-reader THANKS!! So... Couldn't the question become "why there is no Foxconn in the USA" ? While I share the "struggle", I do not 100% share The opinions expressed in this article. You can always be honest and professional by stating the obvious, that is: - An idea by itself is worth pretty much nothing. - I do not share your opinion and I do develop projects for a living so we can agree on a price and I can develop a prototype for you. These two statements are more than enough to end the conversation very quickly and professionally if your interlocutor is not 100% inclined to actually develop his/her project. And I really don't like phrases like "Learning to code (and most tech stuff) isn't hard". Learning to code beyond triviality is hard and that's why there are so many tutorials on the internet, and it takes a lot of time and dedication. And seriously, why do you devalue your (and other people's) work so much? Grow a pair and learn to say to people: - "I might be 100% happy and willing to develop your idea, but writing code is my job we can agree on a price. Otherwise, go talk someone else" Or: - I am sorry, but I don't share your idea and I am not interested in developing it. You might want to try talking someone else. Do not elaborate much if not asked to. People don't like advices they didn't ask for. It was high time for it to come back. When it stopped working it seemed to me that time had moved abour three years backwards. It seems to me that most commenters are ignoring the fact that the author is a guy that basically left high level mathematics after completing his phd. So basically he went doing other stuff not functional-analysis-related and his functional-analysis got rusty. It seems quite reasonable to me. Call it old code syndrome, call it "my math got rusty", it seems quite normal to me. Also: according to http://fjmubeen.com/about/ , the author got his phd in 2007. It's 2016. Almost ten years. What... What are we talking about? You're right. I still think my point is valid though. I guess he still has a strong mathematical background, a solid problem solving attitude, but details of the topic of his doctoral thesis are missing. It's been many years, it isn't strange at all. Dumb question: what will change for end-users ? Kudos to Apple for standing up to the US government and stand by its users. I would like people that keep saying stupid stuff like this to try and compare the size of GNU Emacs to the size of, say, NetBeans, Eclipse or Visual Studio. There is an enormous amount of stuff that "conventional" IDEs to and emacs does not do. Consider NetBeans: there are a lot of people that use the NetBeans platform to create stuff that have nothing to do with programming, the very same way emacs users create modes that have nothing to do with programming: https://platform.netbeans.org/screenshots.html Seriously guys, grow the f k up. As an italian, I call bullshit. Some people are just closed to new stuff and Wired writers made a whole-italy-opinion out of this (out of a few tweets, actually). To be 100% honest, when I've been in a Starbucks store (in London, Geneve and Hamburg)... Well, the baristas just don't know how to make a proper espresso coffee. Despite this, I guess that Starbucks in Italy will be smart enough to hire italian baristas that have previous experience on how to make an espresso coffee and let them avoid starbucks-only recipes/techniques (assuming such things exist). Also, I hope italian starbucks will be as nice as other countries, and let me sit at their table, mind my own stuff and enjoy some coffee or tea or something else. In the end, they are very welcome to come and open all the stores they want. If they will be able to adapt to the italian market and stay alive... We will see. 'data' comes from latin, and 'data' is plura. the singular is 'datum'. In Italian (the direct descendent of latin) there is both singular and plural for datum (singular: 'dato', plural: 'dati') IMHO the right thing to do is to update system-config-printer to work with python 3 and forget this issue. I used to own an HP Jornada 728, and run NetBSD or JLime Linux off a compact flash card. It was an amazing device, it's very sad nothing of the kind has been produces. Folks at jlime.org (Kristoffer, IIRC?) were designing some custom FlashRom boards in order to have better hardware control and not need windows ce to boot linux. I haven't checked in years, who knows if they got anything to actually work... I like the fact that at the end of the transmission they "stream" some data (code, possibly?) to viewers at home by just airing it. A relative of mine asked some very similar question a while ago, asking: "But this computer i bought in 1999 was super fast at the time, how comes it is so slow now?" While the computer is the same (actually it was upgraded by adding more ram and a way bigger hard disk) the real difference is the amount of data we process: in 1999 we did take dozens of 5MB 12-Megapixel photos, we did not have rich internet applications in our browsers (Facebook?) and we did not have full-hd movies. I feel that many times the software gets slower, but more importantly we use the same computer to perform computation on bigger-sized data (sometimes even an order of magnitude bigger). Very interesting. I can confirm nethack is a very nice game. Did anyone mention the emacs interface yet? http://www.nongnu.org/nethack-el/ Meh. http://oi65.tinypic.com/11uagc6.jpg This is actually a nice joke. I think users should be able to flag a certain subtree of the comments tree as "off-topic" or "tangential" so that after a certain flag threshold such subtree is automatically shown as folded, and users would be able to see the most related comments first. This is awesome. I wonder what else can be "grown". Same is for HN. I submitted this exact same video 18 hours earlyer... WTF ? > https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11372150 I am getting downvoted a lot and I really don't see why. I didn't mean to be offensive towards the user that posted this entry, but just highlight this "issue". My main "wtf" is due to the fact that in the past I submitted links that were already in the system and I got redirected to the comments page, as usual. Considering this is the exact case and there are eighteen hours between submission, i guessed this is a noticeable glitch. So please, stop dowinvoting me. I think the main difference is that it is not a subculture anymore. Playstations run a very heavily modified and locked down version of FreeBSD. I write my small web applications using the Gin framework, I feel no shame in this, but I partially agree with the link you shared. But, quite frankly: - I like that gin does some of the work for me. - I like that I have to write a bit less code, while basically keeping all of the semantic - I like that I can access the Request and ResponseWriter structs via the gin.Context struct. I dislike (or opinions I share): - Well yes, sometime things break and you have to a bit more time on the problem - Sometimes new features come out and you will have to wait for or framework developers, or even patch it yourself (all things that actually keep you from writing your code) - Sometimes development of the framework take a path you just don't like. - Sometime you find that things could just be done better, but developers disagree and you can't fix this problem without forking and ending up with ANOTHER micro-framework. In the end, I am still okay with going with the gin framework. I feel no special love for gin, but it is okay. What I would really, really love is something like Grails (in terms of development speed), but in Go. It's sad that you can be sued for using numbers. Too OberonStation costs nearly 180$ Many friends of mine have been or are OVH customers due to their low price and all of them say the support is just awful. In my own experience, when I was consulting a company with a physical server on OVH and opened a ticket... Well, you know when you open a ticket, you don't know when they will be answering. Also, they have an awful ipv6 setup: https://otacon22.com/2016/02/21/two-hosting-providers-ipv6-s... I've used phone support and according to my experience, their phone support is as poor as the regular one. I was/am developing a web application to create beautiful flashcards, using LaTex. I coded a very basic MVP that basically let you create a deck of cards and export it to PDF for print and cut. I showed it to some university friends but none of them showed real interest. I still run it on a dokku instance on Digital Ocean, because I use it myself from time to time. If anyone is interested, the stack was golang + gin framework + postgresql + texlive + javascript + bootstrap + mathjax. At the end of this all, it was a nice exercise in building something useful with Go and I now have a nice tool in my toolbox. I had a fairly nice experience with X2Go. But you might also want to try stuff like icebergs.io or nitrous.io ( https://www.nitrous.io/features ) Dumb question: in this context, "TPS" means... ? T Per Second? Thanks :) This is interesting to me because recently I have been playing with the open source spice software, ng-spice, and all of the other tools. I'll make sure to watch the whole series tomorrow morning :) I would like to point out that compiler explorer is very easy to extend with other toolchains and that Matt Godbolt is a very nice person. I extended Godbolt's Gcc Explorer adding other toolchains (Motorola 68000 and MIPS, built with crosstools-ng) beside the standard AMD64 one, and released as a Docker image. I did this because... I had to read and write M68k code for a class, and having GCC generate code for me (with -O0 and the colourisation feature) was the easiest way to get some code to read, besides the very basic examples) In case you have to work with MIPS or M68K, you can find my "version" here: https://hub.docker.com/r/esantoro/acso-explorer/ IIRC, the bundled gcc is version 4.9.something A very nice book about assembly programming is "Assembly Language Step-by-Step: Programming with Linux, 3rd edition" ( http://www.amazon.com/dp/0470497025 ). The nice thing about this book is that it guides the reader at understanding how the machine works first, and only then to assembly programming. The sad thing about this book is that it references 32 bit intel-compatible processors. My guess is that the original author has grown old and is not interested in producing a fourth edition of such book. On this matter, I would like to ask: is it worth learning assembly for the x86/32-bit instructions, now that pretty much every computer is built on the amd64 architecture ? I bought Graham's "Ansi Common Lisp" book and read it briefly, and tried to write some code as well. I also read "Successful Lisp" briefly. Hoping to give constructive feedback and not to start a flame, here are some opinions/impressions. Please note that : 1. These are mostly impressions, not complete opinions. 2. I am only talking about Common Lisp. I am not talking about Scheme, Clojure or other stuff. Ok then: 1) Lisp feels... Messy. Expecially when you're learning it. 2) Maybe... Too many implementations? This is not a problem per se, but sometime it happens that not all the implementation implement all of the features, or implement them differently enough that you have to write the same code for different interpreters. Example: https://github.com/stumpwm/stumpwm/blob/master/make-image.li... see the various #+clisp, #+sbcl and stuff. 3) Batteries not included. The ANSI standard defines the language and pretty much nothing more. Yeah you have libraries and quicklisp, but it feels fragile and quite "opaque". Also, I always used SBCL and I am not 100% sure all the libraries work with all of the interpreters/compilers. I feel it would be nice to have a new standard that defines a set of additional API that implementors should implement. Ideally, it would be nice to have common lisp to be "batteries included" like Python. But please let's avoid the Scheme SRFI mess. Consider this: it is a fact that MIT introductory programming class switched from Scheme to Python because among other things, students were spending too much time reading libraries manuals and implementation references instead of writing code. 5) The Common Lisp HyperSpec. Let's say I find it to have a poor usability. 4) Stuff is generally poorly documented, and fragmented. While things like quicklisp work, it's visible that those are basically one-man projects. This isn't reassuring. 5) Given the heritage, there is not such thing as a "Lisp community" and the lack of governance is quite evident in the sense of lack of direction and lack of uniformity in pretty much everything. 6) Emacs. "It's lisp!". Well actually emacs lisp and common lisp are different languages, and differences will come up. Emacs is my editor of choice, but I' starting to grow worried about it. These are some of the reasons why I decided not to "invest" in Common Lisp. Android Nutella :D It's... Slow. The idea is nice: create groups dynamically. But god it's slow. It has the same problem that Google Plus had: it's SLOW. Boringly slow. Next step, imho, should be to go to the police or something like this. My guess is that this project is very poorly advertised... A couple of months ago I was playing with remote desktops and did not find this marvel. I ended up playing with X2Go, which is nice BTW. I am wondering... Assuming I have a Linux remote desktop, can I disconnect and reconnect after a while BUT leave all of my applications running? I mean, without logging out. I know about tmux (and gnu screen), but i was thinking of something like pause/resume. Once upon a time i read that in the eighties at Sun Microsystems they had a big fat thin-client based architecture with dumb thin clients that only had vga port, keyboard, mouse and a smart-card reader. The nice thing about such architecture was that once your smart-card was pulled out, the screen blanked and your remote session was closed. But your desktop session was still running, on the server! The coolest thing about this was that basically you could pick any desk in the building and just sit there and work. Or you could go to one of your colleagues' desk, pull out his/her smartcard, insert your one in, and show him/her what you've been working on, ask for help, collaborate or anything. This has always fascinated me. I was wondering if I could use guacamole to do something similar: leave my desktop running in a datacenter somewhere in the world and use whatever to just connect to it and "resume" working. Unless you're going to reference your blog-posts in the documentation and you're willing to keep such documentation updated, I'd strongly recommend you to focus on improving the documentation instead of writing long walls of text on the internals. If I imagine myself using your framework, well, I would be very angry at you if I had to stop writing code, leave my editor and go read your shilly-shally. I would focus on: 1) Topics like "Application structure", "Application Deployment", "Application command-line interface" (which at the moment of writing are all just a "TODO"). 2) Sample code. A 30 lines example is worth a thousand word blog post 3) More sample code. Ideally, one for every crucial part (cookies? session? middlewares?) By the way: I see there are some examples, great! But add some more comments to your examples. 4) Blog post on internals. I'd delay the blog post upon internals because I guess that since you'll be receiving a lot of feedback you might want to change things in the internals thus "invalidating" your blog posts. P.s: congratulations on using doxygen so well! I wish more project had such a well done documentation! p.p.s: I hope you won't find my comment rude or anything, I actually like this project. It's happening: GitLab has basically filled the feature gap with GitHub and it is surpassing it. There will also be bigger storage :) Nokia is dead. Get over it. You just literally answered yourself: natural languages have origins, roots,history and heritage, while artificial languages do not. So programs that have no problems whatsoever (like tmux and screen) will have to add linux-specific code to support a systemd feature no one asked for. Nice. (/s) I wanted to share this link because I find this to be a beautiful example of how sending something simple as an e-mail to thank for writing a piece of software or giving some feedback/suggestion can be a very big stimulus in keeping writing the software. Does this mean that I can now put a "Pay me" button on my websites, be paid with regular debit cards and receive bitcoins directly ? Sounds awesome! I recently gave a talk and crafted my slides using the good old LibreOffice Impress. Everything went smoothly and I only had some minor scratches with code highlighting. I am always amazed by how much technical people underestimate office suites (MS Office and LibreOffice) and reinvent the wheel every month or so. Well, technically open document formats are compressed XML. So if you could save them in an uncompressed format you could diff them easily. But dunno. AFAIK LaTeX/Beamer should be The Tool for this, but it always is a PITA to use. LyX is of very small help (when it doesn't break). I tried the bullet journal and it didn't fit me. What instead fit my needs was some simple printable agenda. I used the ones at http://philofaxy.blogspot.it/p/diary-inserts.html The good thing is that it costed me as extremely little. Did you consider troff/nroff programs? They were/are the programs used to write unix/linux manpages. Such documents are usually rendered in our terminal via the man utility, but they can export to html and pdf too (man man). I used to read a bit about the format and it does not look bad at all. If you didn't know, Ken Thomposon's "The Go Programming Language" was typesed using troff (and it looks okay to me). I am always a bit surprised by comments that give Microsoft a bad reputation no matter what it does. The computer science field has always been "ruled" by ideas and philosophies, but in the end a company is a company, and the ultimate goal of a company is to make money. It isn't weird or evil that Microsoft is trying to make money using whatever mean it can use. By the way, it's crystal clear that a considerable Microsoft is pivoting to become a cloud provider and in that sense the most obvious thing to do is to provide developers with all of the tools they might need. Kudos to Microsoft for being able to perform such a direction change. Plus consider that competition usually means lower prices for customers.. We should be happy that new players are diving into the cloud business. I am 24 and have experienced people complaining about this. And don't get me wrong: I understand the struggle. I share the point of view. But let's just not live in the past :) Awesome timing: I am hosting a LAN party in two weeks, and I'd really love to hear as many tips and suggestion as you HNers can give me. Thanks in advance! All o can think after seeing the page is... "so what?" I see systems come and go, but IRC is still there, fast and light on large scale. Colorful alternatives works too but at a very high price: You need heavy, often proprietary software and do not handle large group communication so well. Considering how much information the NSA has collected and how regularly, i think they should have been able to stop drug sales and bust most if not all drug-dealers a long long ago, without any need for accessing medical data. So I spawned a virtual server and I am downloading some courses I wanted to take. What a shame. Farewell, free learning. In case you want to download as may courses as possible before they fade away, here are some notes. Please forgive me some mistakes, I wrote this a bit in a hurry. =========================== 1) Spawn a virtual server on DigitalOcean. I am using the 40$/month in order to have 40GB of space, but my plan is to shut it down in a day or two. The advantage is to have storage space AND super-fast connection. If you don't want to spend money, here is my referral code: https://m.do.co/c/867be540644c This will give you 10$ credit for free. 2) Install screen, python-virtualenv, python3, python3-pip 3) edit ~/.bash_aliases: #!/usr/bin/env bash alias download="./coursera-dl -u > -p >" alias download_preview="./coursera-dl -b -u > -p >" 4) Install coursera-dl: see https://github.com/coursera-dl/coursera-dl#alternative-insta... name the virtualenv "coursera", and place it in the root home directory 5) patch to use python3: * pip3 install -r requirements.txt * patch coursera/coursera.dl: #!/usr/bin/env python # -*- coding: utf-8 -*- Becomes: #!/usr/bin/env python3 # -*- coding: utf-8 -*- 6) Edit ~/.bashrc Add this lines at the end of the file: cd coursera source bin/activate cd coursera ======================= The setup process is done. Here is how to use it: 1) Start a screen session: `screen -S coursera` download_preview compilers-004 you can download more courses in parallel by creating another window (C-a c) and typing donwload_preview $coursename. I can't get to download the "C++ for C programmers" course via coursera-dl... anyone had some luck ? progfun1 failed for me. proglang-002 didn't even begin downloading. I wonder what would have happened with a flat subscription model... Like "Pay 19.99 monthly and take whatever class you want". Tested and successfully downloaded (about 30GB): - recsys-001 - hwswinterface-002 - eefun-001 - experiments-001 - gametheory-003 - crypto-010 - pgm - cariesmanagement-003 - algo2-003 - analyze-003 - audio-002 - ml-005 - sna-2012-001-staging - spatialcomputing-001 - organalysis-003 - compilers-004 - modelthinking-006 - ggp-003 - algo-009 - intrologic-005 - automata - linearopt-002 - matrix-002 Please add below this comment other coursed that can be downloaded. See comments on reddit too: https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/4njrt0/golden_... As someone else pointed out, that is not allowed by the TOS. But quite frankly... now that such content is not freely available anymore, I expect that to begin circulating on the p2p networks anyway. I would like to point out that I am only downloading such content for my personal use, and I am just helping other people do the same. Thanks mate :) It will be no problem as all filed are served via Amazon CloudFront CDN... ... But they're gonna get a hell of a bill this month, I guess. I suddenly feel an urge to learn Estonian. That would be an interesting read. Awesome. Just awesome. I was thinking that it didn't come to my mind to sit down and download as much content as I could from courses because it was freely available. What I realized is that even on the internet nothing lasts forever, and that I should always download stuff I like, just in case... A complete list of the courses cited so far in this thread can be obtained via this shell one-liner: curl "https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11881767" | grep -Po "[a-zA-Z0-9-]*-0\d{2}" | sort | uniq better: curl "https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11881767" | grep -Po "[a-zA-Z0-9-]*-0\d{2}" | sort | uniq | awk '{print "# " $0}' You might might want to update your script :) c-plus-plus-a works, thanks mate. Basing on my experience, there is no such thing as "gentlemen's understanding" (or "gentewomen's understanding"). Gentlemen/Gentlewomen take responsibility for their actions/agreements and sign contracts. Again, basing on my experience, if somebody does not want to sign a contract, they're already planning on taking advantage of you. In this cases, my approach is to backtroll and say: "okay, I'll work for you without a contract, but you have to pay me in full, upfront and in cash". This suddenly puts them in your position (all risks and no guarantees) and usually ends the discussion, with them either agreeing for reasonable terms and signing a contract or stopping wasting your time (in any case, it's a win). Note: I have to admit that "they" agreeing to pay in full, upfront and in cash never happened to me, and if that happened I don't think I would agree. I tried and tbh i found it to be quite a high-maintenance system. My solution was to download and print agenda templates from http://philofaxy.blogspot.it/p/diary-inserts.html The nice thing is that multiple templates are available for free and it costs as little as printing 50 or 100 pages (1page/week or 2pages/week), front/back and black/white. Beside that, I'm only using a normal binder. Despite this, next year I'm going back to a Moleskine weekly agenda. 15-17€/year is just a worth price for a good agenda. Address is 127.0.0.1 ... looool I made a group order for 40 CHIP computers. I was definitely pissed off by the fact that I could only order five of them at the time (but there was no limit on the number of order I could place). I am looking forward for them to start delivering. I hope that VAT won't be too high. As I said, I made a group order. I gathered orders by many people (mostly friends) and ordered. I guess keywords in the tld part of the domain are more aimed towards humans than googlebots. As a student/hobbyist, since Linode doesn't have $5/month plan (and a referral program), I'm staying on DigitalOcean. Last time I checked it had pretty much no documentation in english and even most of their website was in chinese. Let's see if they did any better this time. this is extremely important: just yesterday I forgot my phone at my university (luckily it hasn't been stolen) and realized that i was cut out of most services that use my phone as second authentication factor. Friendly reminder: it's been more than 15 years now, but we basically still can't have firefox handling textboxes right when using a dark gtk theme. Link: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=70315 Previous submission: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11147547 Classic OVH. Besides OVH having pretty crappy support, it is worth noticing that Oles (the ovh ceo/owner) basically only tweets in French, despites having customers from all-over the world. This is plain rude. This time he tweeted in english just to make some noise. But the truth is that OVH redistribuites a modified version of ubuntu, abusing of the Ubuntu trademark. Canonical rightfully wants OVH to either stop using the Ubuntu trademark or pay canonical to certifiy that the OS ovh distribuites is an Ubuntu-grade ubuntu derivative. This is perfectly fine. If OVH does not want to pay, OVH should just call their ubuntu-based OSes something like "OVH Linux". BTW, 1-2 Eur/installatio is an insane price, I suspect that Oles is just lying about that pice. >> Besides OVH having pretty crappy support, it is worth noticing that Oles (the ovh ceo/owner) basically only tweets in French, despites having customers from all-over the world. This is plain rude. > Many US-American companies have customers all-over the world and still only tweet in English. And this is right. English is the de-facto standard language is business and science. It doesn't matter if your company is french, american, italian, brazilian or something else: you really SHOULD write/tweet in english, at least to your customers/clients. There was a discussion about Iris on the github issue tracker of Gin, another framework, dated March 13 2016: https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin/issues/560 Some benchmark were made too. Given the state of the art of golang ORMs, I guess this might be a plus. I have tried xorm and gorm (besides database/sql) and while I settled on gorm, they both have some fundamental design flaws: * xorm onInsert/onUpdate hooks are designed the wrong way. Last time I tried, hooks received object instances by value and not by reference, meaning I could not actually update things before hitting the database. * both xorm and gorm have schema-generation capabilities, but have you looked at the schema they generate? Last time I checked, gorm-generated schemas had basically no referential integrity whatsoever, and no foreign key was being generated. But I guess it's only time before a well-done golang ORM shows up. Besides, keep in mind that the C language has some "weird corners" and in some considtions, you might encounter an "unspecified behaviour" scenario. For short, there are some cases in which the C language specification does not tell you what to do and how to interprete code and in this cases, the choice is left to the compiler. This is not trivial as it might look. For example, what happens when you omit the return statement at the end of a function? GCC will to automatically insert a return statement for you, but Clang will not. Both are perfectly fine behaviours... As long as you are aware of it. If you always compiled your code with GCC and suddenly switch to clang you might see weird shit, because the processor reached the end of your function, found no return instruction, and just went ahead and executed whatever code was put after your function (and it might not be so obvious what code is there). (But in a way, this is part of the beauty of the C language: there is very little abstraction, and it is easy to understand what will happen when you run C code.) I actually dislike the fact that the website is wasting two thirds of my screen. But this is a general rant, not specific to this website. (please note that I am using a regular 15.6" FHD screen, nothing fancy) I host my own email at home on a domestic connection with a domestic fixed ipv4 and I only set up SPF. Most e-mail providers accept my email. More accurately: in the last two years only gmx.de rejecte one email. I don't think so. Floppy died because new storage media offered what people desperately needed: storage space. Usb-c is more likely going to offer what people don't really need for a price that they are very unlikely to agree spending. Plus, if I sum up all of the euros I've spent on headsets... Well, a large part of that sum has been spent on sub-10 € headset. Good luck making a good profit margin on that market segment. Don't feed the troll. It isn't. Emacs vs Vim is more a matter of personal taste. I have used both, here are my opinions. Note: I was a vim user that switched to emacs. Vi/Vim: ============= It IS worth learning because it is the de-facto standard editor on most unix and unix-like systems, and most of the times it comes preinstalled. The basics can be learnt in half an hour or so. The nice thing about vim is that it fits very well in the Unix environment doing basically one thing and doing it fairly well. Please note that vi and vim are two different things: 'vi' is more of a family of editors, with vim being the most widely used one. Most vi-like editors share the same keybinding and stuff, and you can use most using the same of keybindings and concepts. One of the things where vim falls short is that its scripting language is quite crappy, and it's quite a PITA to work with. Plus once you learn it, it is quite useless outside vim. GNU Emacs ============= GNU Emacs is a radically different approach to editing text and it resembles one of the early lisp machines: you have a bunch of functions lying around and you call and compose them as you need them. The learning curve is quite steep but it is very flexible, it has a reasonably nice scripting language that you can use even outside (well, most of the syntax). The thing I like about emacs is that it gives you a coherent environment to do most of your things, and a scripting language to customize most of its aspect. So what? ============= Well, nothing. Try them both and stick with what you like. I think it is really worth to learn at least the basics of both. To be fairly honest, I have some pain points with both of them... But that would be OT, and better suited for another post :) This is so wrong on so many levels. 1. IQ test has been shown not to represent actual "intelligence" 2. Intelligence does not mean justice, fairness or anything else. 3. Conflict of interest. What if the so called "most intelligent" people have some interest in the voting? 4. Trainning. I'm pretty sure anyone could end up in resulting a genius by trainning on problem sets for IQ tests. 5. Being smart doesn't automatically make you a good people. Smart and asshole are not mutually exclusive. Oh boy. I used to use a similar thing in high school, the Z80 uProfessor, which is based on the Zilog Z80. (edit: yep, I have used the same "Multitech MPF-1 Kit" board!!) So many memories!! I can tell stories about programming things like this. It is not as easy as you might think. Here is how we used to do it: 1. Draw a flow chart on paper 2. Translate the flow-chart to assembly source. 3. Keeping the processor data-sheet in your left hand, hand-translate assembly code into opcodes, by hand. Compute relative jumps by hand. Do not use a compiler. Be the compiler. 4. Now that you have your opcodes, get your board. 4.1 Set the starting address (it was 1800_h for me) 4.2 input opcode (two hex numbers, one byte) 4.1 increment address (the '+' key is for that) 4.3 if finished goto 5 4.4 goto 4.2 5. set address back to starting point (like 1800_h) 6. Run your code! (press 'go') Now... 60% of the times, it fails every time. But I miss doing this kind of exercise :) My unit was already programmed... I guess I was lucky! :) Dublin ? It's right there, many big companies already have their offices there, English is the official spoken language, it is basically a far as uk to reach from the point of view of any European citizen, and it is cheaper (I guess). Taxation is lower BUT actually enforced: there is no such thing as City of London corporation, isle of man or crap like that. I guess it is less "developed" than London, but becoming the next European tech hub might be a great drive for development. The sad thing about Germany is their loathe for the English language: you basically cannot expect to fully live there without learning German. ATMs and self-dispensers (example: bus/subway ticket machines) are poorly translated to English, for example. For example, bus/subway stops are only announced in German, not in English. In Milan, Italy, bus and subway stops are announced in both Italian and English, public transport works very well in my opinion. It's a pity that doing business in Italy is basically a rat race, taxation is ridiculously high (compared to the services and services level you get) and there is a crazy bureaucracy, otherwise Milan would be an awesome place for a tech hub. This overall article made me realize that since modern browsers can use one process per webpage, maybe we should try and run such process in cgroups in order to limit their resource usage. Maybe this could solve the "facebook makes my fan explode" problem. It's just an idea. StumpWM: despite being Emacs-inspired, you can get going with very few keystrokes (just like in ratpoison) and despite I would like to switch to i3 (many friends have super cool setups) I cannot manage to stop using StumpWM. It just like vim: you learn those 4 things and you can do 90% of the things you usually do. For the remaining 10%.... there is the manual. Oh god someone finally did this I have google now on my phone and I had no idea how to use it. Scroll down to the "Customer Review" section ;) I am afraid this is true. The `declare` thing is common lisp is a bit poorly understood in general: `declare` is not a promise the compiler makes to you to only accept the declared type. `declare` is actually a promise YOU make to the compiler to only pass the declared type as parameter. Knowing this, the compiler can activate some optimization (it's an integer? i guess i can skip type detection then). But let's get real: * (defun double-integer (x) (declare (type integer x)) (* 2 x)) DOUBLE-INTEGER * (double-integer 2) 4 * (double-integer "qualcosa") ;; error here, stack trace omitted * (disassemble 'double-integer) ; disassembly for DOUBLE-INTEGER ; Size: 37 bytes. Origin: #x10044E4242 ; 42: 498B4C2460 MOV RCX, [R12+96] ; thread.binding-stack-pointer ; no-arg-parsing entry point ; 47: 48894DF8 MOV [RBP-8], RCX ; 4B: 488BD6 MOV RDX, RSI ; 4E: BF02000000 MOV EDI, 2 ; 53: 488B0576FFFFFF MOV RAX, [RIP-138] ; # ; 5A: B904000000 MOV ECX, 4 ; 5F: FF7508 PUSH QWORD PTR [RBP+8] ; 62: FF6009 JMP QWORD PTR [RAX+9] ; 65: CC10 BREAK 16 ; Invalid argument count trap NIL * (defun double-integer (x) (* 2 x)) WARNING: redefining COMMON-LISP-USER::DOUBLE-INTEGER in DEFUN DOUBLE-INTEGER * (disassemble 'double-integer) ; disassembly for DOUBLE-INTEGER ; Size: 38 bytes. Origin: #x1004B6CBCC ; CC: 498B4C2460 MOV RCX, [R12+96] ; thread.binding-stack-pointer ; no-arg-parsing entry point ; D1: 48894DF8 MOV [RBP-8], RCX ; D5: BF04000000 MOV EDI, 4 ; DA: 488BD3 MOV RDX, RBX ; DD: 41BBA0020020 MOV R11D, 536871584 ; GENERIC-* ; E3: 41FFD3 CALL R11 ; E6: 488B5DF0 MOV RBX, [RBP-16] ; EA: 488BE5 MOV RSP, RBP ; ED: F8 CLC ; EE: 5D POP RBP ; EF: C3 RET ; F0: CC10 BREAK 16 ; Invalid argument count trap NIL * (double-integer 2) 4 * (double-integer "qualcosa") ;; error here, stack trace omitted The difference is clear: instead of just performing the multiplication, the generated code must CALL a generic function. With all of the cost of function calling (memory access time and stuff). It would be nice to see this document updates, pages like http://www.tldp.org/HOWTO/Assembly-HOWTO/gcc.html still references gcc 2.7 and older. my house is connected to the street, does it mean it isn't a private place ? SEEKING WORK - REMOTE ONLY I am a student of computer engineering wanting to make some real-world experience (and earn some money). My preferred stack is Golang+PostgreSQL+GNU/Linux. I mostly do backend web development, but I am open to proposals for non-web stuff. Things/languages I have used it the past: Java, C, Python, HTML5/CSS, Jenkins, Git, Flask, Grails, Postfix, letsencrypt, Heroky, Golang (gin-gonic framework mostly), gnu make, bash scripting, openvpn. Some things about my tech personality: - Thinkpad W530 - Comfortable in both GNU Emacs and vim (though I prefer Emacs) - Xubuntu + tiling WM (stumpwm) - run my services (email, web) on my own server - I like to read code, sometimes more than writing code I can accept both wire transfers or bitcoin as a mean of payment (bitcoin is preferred). I do not accept checks as payments (sorry, it takes too long to cash them). You can see my email address in my profile page. Evolution used to be awesome and fast. Nowadays it carries a lot of dependencies. You make videos about repairing stuff, you get nearly sued. I wonder what would happen if the same logic was applied to cars, water heaters, and basically everything else. Awesome, I was just looking for a course in database systems. It's a pity that Jennifer Widom's db-class isn't offered anymore in a classical manner (I don't like self-paced minicourses). EDIT: Oh, it's a course in database systems internals, not basics... Does anyone know of a good introductory course in databases ? This is interesting: what defines 'entry level', 'junior' and 'senior'? When it was still possible to use the Facebook chat via XMPP I used to use Pidgin as client, and chat securely using the Pidgin OTR plugin. Message appeared in the Facebook page as "encrypted message". I guess you hardly can get better than this. I wish Guile was as well-documented as Racket. It's easy: every one is paying that 16%. Taxes can be low if everyone (no matter their size, big or small) pay them. Can confirm: I usually "evaluate" books before buying them. Some books are really worth having on your bookshelf. I think this really should also list which sites will let you download a series of tokens to use in case of mobile phone loss. I recently forgot my phone at university and realized that I was potentially locked out of many websites. Wow, incredible!! /s Confirm. I have been thought that 'hacker' is a title that other people give to you, but you do not give to yourself. The only exceptions are people that "created" the hacker culture: people like Stallman, Sussman, esr, etc. Just my two cents. Imho we should all agree on what services (NickServ, ChanServ, MemoServ, etc) a next generation IRC server should offer, and what their syntaxes should be. All the other stuff is pretty much fine. Maybe we could try and define some networking trick in order to have mobile clients work better? P2P encryption is already available using OTR. Check out the OTR plugin for xchat/hexchat (or was it pidgin?) I know of a company that has a "#sbrocco" channel suited to unleash your rage and just let it out. I'll leave my two cents here. My two cents come from two experiences: submitting a patch to an open source GNU project on GNU Savannah, and asking for directions to the emacs-devel mailing list in order to read the GNU Emacs codebase (because I want to do weird/neat/crazy/nasty stuff with Emacs buffers). So: 1) Gnu Savannah. It's okay. It's a bit weird but it does everything it should do. Most open source development happens on GitHub nowadays, and this basically means that savannah is weird to work with. Imho it should just be more documented, possibly in a "visual way" (ie, video). 2) The emacs-devel mailing list. It just works. The access barrier is low (can you receive emails? can you send emails? then you can come hack with us) and it really is that simple. I really don't understand what people don't get about mailing lists. For short, most of the article says that emacs development has not enough colours and and buzzwords. p.s: GNU Emacs the whole GNU project had a "code of conduct" way before this was the "cool" thing: it's the GNU Manifesto. Only tangentially related: I find the concept of laboratory journal fascinating. I wonder if someone keeps such a thing, and how would it be. How could the concept of lab journal apply to computer science and/or software engineering ? People used to attach instant photos (think of Polaroid cameras) to their journal... and that was it, basically. I guess you/we will have to find a compromise. No it is not. Most of the assembly labour in order to create a Ferrari is manual labour. This is one of the reasons because they cost so much. Oh, that and the fact that such cars can easily reach 300 km/h. > Anyone who opposes this change, or doesn’t know about it, > or simply forgets to update their client software, can > excise themselves from the network. > >Thus, hard forks are the most democratic means of consensus on earth today. I really don't agree. If you can't maintain yout non-forked version yourself, you are basically forced to agree. Otherwise, you'll be soon left out. As soon as you are forced to upgrade, your client will be accepting such transfers. So here it goes: by pushing hard-forks of the software, the strength of Bitcoin is basically being circumvented. If this goes, Bitcoin is definitely dead. I'm sorry for Ross Ulbricht for his loss, but we really should not be doing this. Duplicate of: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12139625 (posted 6 hours earlier) I live happily without Facebook, but I'm not a teen anymore. I was thinking: is HN a social media? Gitlab issue tracker I have skimmed some books about Linear Algebra, both in Italian and in English, and my favourite so far is "Geometria e Algebra Lineare" by Enrico Schlesinger. The book is very well written but sadly it won't be enough to pass a typical italian Linear Algebra exam. This is because, in my opinion, examples are too vague or too "abstract": when you're first learning such subject, it would be better to have layman terms, that is simple examples with simple numbers. More complex examples might be okay too, but simple examples should come first. Reference: http://www.zanichelli.it/ricerca/prodotti/algebra-lineare-e-... I actually don't like the Strang book and his MIT course. I watched 6 or 7 of his lessons, and to be honest, I think they're nice if you already know the subject. I have skimmed both an italian version of his book and an english one, still didn't like it. The nice thing about the Schlesinger book is that it builds all of the concepts basically from scratch. Euclid’s Elements are quoted too, in the introduction. Too bad it has poor examples. Warranty is expensive to manufacturers and they try and make everything not to fix your stuff. This is why you should buy from brands that are known for good warranty: I had an awesome experience with Lenovo for my ThinkPad and terrible experience with Dell (they literally refused to fix my laptop, just a year old, because it was second hand and I didn't have the original buying receipt -- though the laptop still had its service tag and more than a year of warranty). Next time, buy a Lenovo tablet.