The winter scene actually gives me a lot of anxiety (norther climate dweller here). All I see are icy roads and cars in ditches. Everything else is definitely beautiful. > Which version of Babel, 5? or 6 I'm not really familiar with any popular build toolchain libraries written for 5 that haven't been updated to work with 6. It's not like a Python 2/3 scenario, or even an Angular 1/2. Companies generally don't hire at all if it's going to hurt the bottom line. There might be some exceptions around high profile positions (i.e. CEO) if there's an expectation that media attention and other factors might turn that loss into a profitable long-term investment, but it certainly isn't going to apply to your run-of-the-mill blue collar, middle manager or software developer position. I believe that's called indentured servitude, and at least in the US, cannot be enforced by contract law. This is really neat! You may want to also look at https://github.com/gcanti/babel-plugin-tcomb for some inspiration- I've used tcomb extensively for runtime ADT and typing, but using just Flow would be an interesting challenge! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_zone_(ecology) Among other factors, fertilizer runoff is a studied cause of substantial ecological effects. There's a huge rabbit hole to start you off. As a fellow engineer who also performs technical interviews, I cannot accept your first point. Solving trivial problems does not give you any useful information about how a person solves nontrivial problems. This is especially true if you are not specifying the language the candidate needs to use. What if I solved fizzbuzz in Haskell? It certainly would not look like a c# implementation, and you wouldn't be able to judge anything about it other than maybe it might produce a correct answer- is it idiomatic? Is it performant? Will it even compile? Technical interviews (especially when you consider candidates outside of your current language / stack) are about assessing capability and trajectory - willingness to learn and adapt. Rote memorization of objective problems that can be found online tell you nothing about how they will solve problems on the job. As for point two, memorizing solutions to problems with objective answers isn't a terribly valuable skill; presuming that it should be a requirement without announcing it in the job requirements is certainly analogous to hazing. Unless you want a team with little to no creativity, you are selecting for candidates that do not demonstrate what you actually need- and the success of your team is in spite of your hiring process, not enabled by it. I am sorry if this came across as either personal or exceptionally harsh, but I am pained by the amount of incredibly intelligent people who are willing to accept that suboptimal things ought to be, simply because they are. One of the biggest contributing factors for a team's - and company's- culture is its hiring practice, and it deserves far more attention than what our industry gives it. I'll address your second paragraph before returning to your first question- I think my answer will be a little more cohesive that way. The fundamental problem with whiteboard / live coding technical interviews is that you're selecting for candidates whose strengths aren't necessarily useful on the job. They: - have memorized answers to solved problems - work well under immediate pressure - demonstrate knowledge of basic programming techniques They do not: - demonstrate collaboration - demonstrate researching and gathering requirements (i.e. no access to the internet) - demonstrate planning or reasoning about business requirements In short, yes, they're solving problems, but they're not solving the same kinds of problems that you'll need them to solve on the job, nor are they solving them in the same way they'll be solving them on the job. These interviews select based on superficial qualities, and practically ignore the qualities of top candidates (teamwork skills, interpreting technical requirements from business requirements etc.) I had typed out a lengthy explanation of the process I'm currently using, but I realized I don't want to go too deeply into the weeds. In short, design a small challenge application for candidates to build, with the expectation that it'd take no more than a handful of hours, and let them turn it in on their own time (say, within a week). If they "pass", bring them in for a second, technical interview, which is a conversation based on what they submitted (i.e. how could they do X better, how would they add new feature Y, etc.) The benefit of that kind of process are numerous: 1- The time commitment of candidates is the same as a long whiteboard interview (or set of them), and they don't need to commit to all of the time at once (takes less time away from their current engagements) 2- The time commitment of employees is reduced to ~2-3 hours (one to evaluate, one to interview) 3- candidates are building a small application, meaning there's not an objective answer to be found on stack overflow to memorize 4- candidates have time to ask questions and demonstrate skills they are passionate about, but might not have been specifically requested- say, testing, user experience, flexible architecture to support future features, that sort of thing 5- The second interview becomes a relaxed conversation, where a broader selection of engineers perform well, as opposed to the more biased high-pressure scenarios that aren't typical of our day-to-day To do this well, of course, you ought to review the challenge and process each year, and have (preferably junior) employees test it to ensure that it will be respectful of candidate's time commitments and the value of the information the challenge will provide an evaluator. Given that you want to keep it limited to a few hours, you'll need to balance features that you think will be interesting with features that actually yield interesting information about the candidate for a second interview- anything that can be learned by simply asking a question doesn't actually need to be included. Finally, to return to the original topic of this thread, you potentially eliminate certain cultural biases that are irrelevant; not only is the candidate demonstrating capabilities more reflective of the job itself, but they are doing so before ever meeting in person. As a lifelong resident of a midwestern state in the US, I think it's less a matter of independence and more a matter of safety and legal issues. I too made plenty of solo excursions through our rural countryside at a young age. On the other hand, in major cities, parents are being charged with neglect if their young children walk a a few blocks up the street to go to a park. Not everywhere, but such stories crop up in the news every so often. Another part of the problem is that communities in America aren't (or seem to not be) quite as tight knit as they once were. There are plenty of explanations, from cultural shifts, family policy, excessively punitive drug policy, economic policy, decline of religion, decline of moral values, rise of the internet and easy access to excessive amounts of televised programming, cell phones and handheld video games, you name it, and someone has probably blamed something for it. This blog post makes no sense. The first half sounded reasonable- lack of funding for maintenance and scaling make it difficult to ensure the servers are up to date from a security perspective and service level... but losing flash has been the only significant backwards break that I'm aware of in the past few years. The second half seems really off. Sure, a few browser vendors have played with introducing new, non-standard features in the hopes that they would become standard such as native observers and web SQL, and backed down before they were standardized. But, there's no reason to think that the HTML/CSS/JS that they're using now will stop working at anytime in the remotely near future, since the site seems to work fine on multitude of browsers now. ...And I pay for public schools even though I do not and will not have children. I'm not complaining, mind you, but of the problems we could be trying to solve, this seems like a relatively low priority. My state also passed a sales tax (you know, the regressive kind) intended to preserve natural resources and cultural heritage, and most of the money has gone to art projects in the major metropolitan area that are mostly unappreciated. The point here is, yes, governments waste money, but making parking easier is hardly the worst offense. That precisely describes the example I gave (sales tax that funds pointless art projects noone likes), except the cost to the economy, and the impact on the poor, is readily quantifiable, unlike hypotheses of various opportunity costs regarding parking. Saying all parking is funded the same way and has the same externalities is both reductionist and absurd. Furthermore, what value empty lots provide is entirely up to the people who control them; several around here are used for farmers markets and other activities outside of peak time usage. We've got light rail and buses where I live; one of the light rail lines was poorly planned and is now subsidised somewhere around $20-30 per passenger per trip. Another was promised to ease traffic congestion and revitalize several neighborhoods along the path; it has done neither and has arguably made both worse (traffic has to stop when it goes by, and the horns contribute significant noise pollution) and driven down property values to a certain degree. Basically, costs are relative, and arguing over parking is far less productive than what we could be working on in our communities. There are certainly JS MV* frameworks older than 5 years... Dojo and puremvc come to mind. The existence of a regulatory structure means that if it's on a shelf, 99% of consumers trust it (see also nutritional supplements). The defacto assumption is that if it wasn't safe / correctly labeled, the government has done or will do something about it. The libertarian ideal would see consumers lose that fake safety net in favor of private organisations finding and providing that information; the specific mechanisms would vary but likely be not very different than what the government does now. The important piece is that people would stop assuming that words on a package are imperically true. It's a bit like the argument that Trump would have won the popular vote without the electoral college... because it existed, he campaigned differently than if it hadn't. Whether or not he actually could have gotten the popular vote is impossible to know at this point, but it's a hypothesis just the same. They are, but would engender less trust than if the government had approved it. Ergo, more critical review of their approvals / marketing. For consumer goods, companies would hold each other accountable- no company would advertise "X approved" once X was discovered to commit fraud or otherwise misrepresent their reviews. As for sibling comments on ratings agencies, I disagree. On the one hand, ratings agencies alone were not solely to blame; though they were ill equipped to understand the complexity of the new structures. As a result, the big three settled at least 14 lawsuits, suffered stock losses and other harms. Tell me, what can you do when the government fails? You can't sue the EPA when their inspectors accidentally cause a slurry retention pond to spill massive amounts of toxic waste. You can't sue the FDA when their safety inspections fail to catch conditions which allow spoilage and food poisoning. You can't sue the FDA when lobbyists push through unsafe medications. Guess who you can sue for damages? Private organisations (until the government interferes even more by declaring them too big to fail) I'll admit my examples were poor, but both of those you cited are apples to oranges comparisons. First, the lawsuits against the FDA are for over extending their regulatory reach, not for incorrectly asserting the qualities of a product. The note on the EPA is likewise allowing suits when it fails to act, not when it causes harm by acting. Even the Navajo lawsuit over the golden kings mine incident is based on years of neglectful oversight. The gold king mine corporation and some contractors are being named in the lawsuit for the actual damages. Edit: for what it's worth, I'm not personally in favor of ending ALL regulation in favor of creating a market for ratings companies; there are plenty of places in the economy where it wouldn't work as well as others. I'm merely playing devil's advocate, since the question was asked. The best places for this sort of thinking are really limited to consumer goods, if that. This title is wrong: the footnote is explicit in stating that the letter is only the opinion o the heterodox academy executive committee, and that the membership were not consulted in the drafting or content of the message. No operation with side effects should ever be run without validation- you could cast to an int, sure, but unless you validate the user is allowed to delete that particular int, you're still giving them free reign over your entire cart table. The biggest trouble with these questions is that people are learning many aspects of web development without understanding the separate concerns they should be aware of when heading to production code. It's difficult to (a) avoid over-answering and explaining everything while also (b) avoid giving insecure advice What should have been invalid input has been turned into valid input, but the valid input doesn't reflect the user's intent. As a result, the behavior is undefined. Best case scenario, nothing happens. Worst case, random rows are deleted. Personally, I don't think introducing undefined behavior is ever good advice, even if it is technically correct advice. All of this really just gets at my original point, though: there are so many things for new developers to learn that it is extremely difficult to provide good answers on a forum like SO. That doesn't diminish the value, but we have to be aware of, accept, and make clear this fact. Depends on which sector of the industry you're working in. I've participated in the hiring process (technical interviewer) for several candidates from bootcamps. What they clearly lack in expertise (which can be learnt) they more than make up for in intangible qualities of character- self-driven, hungry to learn, motivated not only to do well, but to do better each time. Many come from backgrounds that are also useful, but not commonly found in degreed programs, such as former project managers, academic researchers, etc. If you can afford the time and effort required to have a green developer on your team, they can be some of the best hires you'll ever get. With regard to your specific call out of 3 months, the one I'm familiar with had something like 50-60 hour weeks. Most people were learning non-stop, focused primarily on easy-access web tech such as html, css, front-end and server-side JS, and mongodb. However, many of them also dabbled in a variety of other languages on their own time, such as python, c, java, as well as graph and SQL databases. They graduate coding bootcamps with more ready for web development than many learn at more degreed programs. It's entirely possible that that level of expertise simply isn't enough where you work, and that's totally fine. But don't imagine that there isn't a place for these people within the industry. (For reference, I've been in the industry myself for 7 years, and have never personally attended a bootcamp) It's interesting to me that all of the initial reactions I've seen to this announcement have been around the introduction of async and object spread, which are available with babel, but the typescript specific features such as mapped types are completely ignored. I don't really have any particular meaning behind that observation, only that it tickled my funny bone a little bit. Did you mean to reply to my comment? If so, to help clarify, I wasn't critiquing the long delay of those features; I merely was amused that they've gotten so much more attention than the far more novel features that were also released. I'm not able to name names, but legally speaking, it's no worse than MIT or BSD. Sure, there's a retaliation clause, but that's just affirmation of what companies who publish with the others aren't telling you. In effect, it's more, not less, permissive and honest. INAL, but that's what I've been told by one. You can easily get runtime ADTs from libraries like tcomb and folktale. While you lose out on some tooling, you gain advantages such as ad-hoc types and boundary checking (I.e. Ajax responses), as well as metadata (in the case of tcomb) for things like automated form generation and validation. In the US, the official unemployment rate cited is the U-3 rate, which is exclusively limited to those currently seeking a job, with no employment status at all. Partial employment (such as part-time) due to economic circumstances, as well as those who are within the employable age range (18-60something) but are not employed nor seeking a new job due to economic circumstances (i.e. gave up) are covered by the U-6 measurement, which is substantially higher at 9.8%. See here: https://www.bls.gov/lau/stalt.htm That page also has links to historical measurements back to 2003, and you can probably find further back (though I'm not sure if there are older resources that also include the state-by-state breakdown). I tend to do exploration on my phone when I have downtime while being out and about. Mobile friendly docs are a sure way to keep my attention on your project if I stumble upon it during these times. Of course, I do plenty of research from my desktop as well, so if it's a choice between getting a new release out on time or having a perfect mobile experience, I'd suggest library authors prefer getting timely releases out myself. It's easy to see government as representative of the people when you live in a small country, or if you're thinking about your local government. When a government has 300 million+ people to represent, it needs to have very limited responsibilities and powers, because the common interests of so many people are very limited. That is (cargo culting political attitudes aside) largely why the American relationship with the federal government is "adversarial"- the larger it grows, the easier it is for special, non-representative interests to take advantage of. There's a similar story played out among union participation here; the larger the union, the less individuals feel that it is working exclusively in their best interests. Likewise: approval for individual congressional representatives is typically high, but Congress itself invariably has very low approval ratings. On the one hand, it's great for a large, distributed team of developers who are responsible for multiple programming disciplines... Mostly because the documentation is all in one spot, and angular material is very comprehensive. Personally, I prefer react, with small swarth of libraries such redux and tcomb to fill out the rest. However, it can be confusing for non-full time JS developers to discover that react isn't an all-encompassing, monolithic framework, and get lost trying to figure out which libraries are responsible for the different pieces of the puzzle. It can (and has been) done, but I do understand why people would rather use Angular in that scenario- the "don't think out of the box, it's got everything you need" mindset reminds me a lot of ember, which certainly has its fans and upsides as well. Pick something, get comfortable with it, then pick up something else. All of these choices solve similar problems from different perspectives, and understanding them will help you get a bit of a deeper understanding of the trade-offs when more new updates and tools come out. If your lawn is unkempt, it may become a breeding ground for vermin and make weed and invasive species control all the more difficult. If I want to sell my house, the value is somewhat diminished by your presence. Ergo, peer pressure and government ordinance arise to settle the dispute. Otoh, if you want to live somewhere without those things, get a home in the country where you can get more acres for your buck. Normally, I would agree that individuals should be able to do as they please with their property; I'm typically a libertarian fellow. In this case, though, it's fairly obvious that "proper maintenance" is established to prevent harm to others, and that harm can be objectively measured. With all of that said, I definitely wouldn't live anywhere with a housing association; there are limits to the above argument that I find they frequently cross. I got that bit, though it's far less common to have problems out there like this. Being in the country isn't enough, of course, but it's a first step for the people most commonly afflicted with onerous (or seemingly onerous) regulations. How much of your work can be rightly patented? I imagine these sorts of agreements prevent employees from developing something in the due course of their work, patenting it, then charging the company for the use of the work they were already paid for via salary. I.e., it's a simple protection against extortion. Kindof. If you look at aws lambda, you get a few more things for the overhead price: namely, integration with other services (Iam, cognito) and no need to worry about whether your auto scaling setup or instance sizes are appropriate... It really is just a logical extension of the concept of the cloud. Then again, I certainly wouldn't use it for everything, but ymmv I have built multi-10k+ line applications in angular 1, 2 and react. My personal preference is react by a mile. The concept of modules and dependency injection was nice before we had any sort of module systems, but at this point it's essentially entirely busy work, given tools like proxyquire when testing. Template compilation errors are a nice step up from 1, but those that I've seen have been very misleading and have been the cause of wasted hours debugging. Angular 2 makes extensive use of the Reflection API for metadata, which combined with the fact that angular-cli is hard-coded to perform static analysis (even if you disable AOT) is another pain point. I'm trying to build the equivalent to "react storybook" for our platform, and it's taken me about 3x the time it would have with React. With all of that said, if you need a "think-inside-the-box" tool for a large, decentralized dev team, angular can win out- there are fewer places to look for documentation, which will be nice when angulars documentation improves. I actually find that React better encourages smaller, cleaner components with fewer responsibilities, but that's also likely due to being very familiar with the redux paradigm. Finally, if you want very flexible components, react wins hands down, because components can be used as properties to other components; dynamically rendering components in angular has always had an inversion of control issue. That's been my experience; ymmv. One in angular 2, two in 1, and another that was a maaasive project in react. Team sizes varied from 3 devs to 12 or 16 (I forget which) JSX is a macro (it's expended to plain JS at compile time). Almost every other major framework uses DSLs (strings are evaluated and transformed into code at run time). Classes and inheritance are features of type systems, not OOP. Plenty of functional programming JS libraries use classes for testing types (for example, the Either monads' Left and Right). Hardly. Plenty of species exhibit cannibalism; see certain spiders and praying mantis (mantis?) post-mating rituals. The law isn't nearly so cut and dry as that. After all, if something operates as a business, and also has a brick-and-mortar storefront, then it is also liable to accessibility guidelines per the ADA (see the lawsuit against Target a few years back). As such, publicly accessible websites are, in effect, no less common areas than storefronts. Of course, there's a way around this; websites could establish 'membership requirements' such as using a browser that does not have an ad blocker enabled; the content for most of the website would require being a member and volunteering to abide by membership rules to access. Violate those rules, and you would risk losing your membership and access to the content, though I seriously doubt grounds could be established for a lawsuit over it. As someone with only passing familiarity with lisps and the topic of himoiconicity, I really appreciated the article. However, I kindof wish the author had skipped treating the quote/unquote attempt as a solution. I spent too long attempting to reason through the syntax before moving on with the article. If course, if the article had been a simple conversation between myself and the author, I would not have been able to dwell on it and the author could have guided me right through it, but in the written format, it definitely feels like I was the target of a game of nerd sniping[0]. [0] https://xkcd.com/356/ meat power has one advantage in the customer service industry (including fast food): robots aren't great at customer service. People are accustomed to being able to talk to another person. With the rise of the $15 minimum wage movement, a number of chains are experimenting with replacing some or most of their employees with automated kiosks and other devices. As they become less novel, and as wages continue to rise, expect there to be fewer fast food jobs available. It is a minor inevitability; I've seen burger assembly robots that will make, from raw ingredients (including the ground meat) burgers in a handful of minutes. The only human intervention needed is refilling ingredient hoppers and cleaning. Once people get used to not seeing so many other humans behind the counter, and the capital outlay to buy / rent / install the machines goes down (at least, relative to wages) they are likely to be much more widespread. This isn't even remotely new. Apple and windows have been doing the same ever since computers were in schools. Heck, I even got free oem copies of Vista and 7, and Ms word through my school (University) which were provided to the school well below what the normal prices were. The fact that Google is providing a subjectively better alternative isn't remotely new, but if it works better and see lower cost to schools, I'm more than happy to see it happen. Not to mention that many are owner-operators, meaning they own the truck itself. This may slow the adoption of self-driving trucking for smaller companies (many larger companies do own the truck), but it will hurt the drivers that much more when it happens. In my experience designing these things, 1-2 hours only provides enough time for very simple assignments, which aren't enough to actually inform the reviewer much at all about you as an individual. It's hard to get one at 4 hours, but that provides just enough to really see something while still being respectful of candidates' time. Of course, this is entirely dependant on the type of programming that you're hiring for! That is entirely owing to the time between the farm and the customer's mouth, not the time it takes to pick. There's still a small window where the fruit is grown enough to be edible (and a desirable size) but not so ripe that it is overripe by the time you buy it. Ouch. I haven't worked at a place that contributed less than 6%; my current employer also adds a flat 5% to a separate pension so people don't get bit by the maximum tax free limit (as opposed to simply matching more than 6%) Most libraries have flags for an environment variable to skip freezing in "production" mode; any decent minifier will remove the conditions since they can't be reached, so there's no performance penalty. Tcomb does this, and is far and away one of my favorite JS libraries for all of the other features it provides as a result. Edit: to be clear, tcomb provides runtime types, algebraic data concepts, pattern matching, validation, and with plugins react form generation and other things. Immutability is a simple consequence of needing to guarantee a valid value stays valid; it's not so much a "feature" per se The thing is, it can be done by a "non programmer" without IT or admin overhead. Building or buying a new solution outside of Office requires far more buy-in and cost. It may not be the best workflow, but it is the most accessible one for an individual to start with. Edit: for what it's worth, I agree that it can be a hindrance to a company when it becomes a core operating process. However, that doesn't mean that it is inherently wrong for many needs Buying a jet creates high paying, skilled jobs which support families, their children's education, and so forth. The downstream effect from the purchase includes the pilot, the airport expenses, maintenance crew, and the taxes on the expenses and all of those salaries. Not a cent of the money is in any way wasted. I'm reminded of the Maryland luxury tax, which allegedly crippled their boat building industry and put a lot of middle class people out of their jobs. I say allegedly because I remember the story, not the source that confirmed that there weren't other coinciding factors. Fuel and depreciation are only destroyed wealth if there is no lost opportunity by not purchasing them, and that entertainment alone is not a sufficiently worthy value. Presuming so would also argue that the majority of human endeavor is also waste; everything from entertaining TV shows to having small animals as pets to music lessons to trips to private space flight to works of fiction. I wouldn't paint so broad a brush with your "only path" argument; I've never listed my salaries, and have always negotiated my own (even when connected to jobs via a recruiter). Then again, I'm fortunate to have highly sought skills and years of experience, but I wouldn't go so far as to say that's the only way to get fair pay. Edit: I should point out that I'm not making anything to brag about by silicon valley standards, but I also live somewhere with much, much lower cost of living and salaries in general, and make the high end of what's common out here. Ignoring the semantics, it would be naive to believe they there are no people in tech who concretely claim more knowledge and skills than they possess, and attempt to exert undue influence. As such, there is still value in the question at hand. Anecdotally, there is a common thread among people like this that I have met: their experience in the field is very narrow, in the sense that they believe in a "one true way". That might be the only way that they've ever worked, or they bought into some cargo-cult style culture. I'm loath to prescribe means of "dealing" with such people, because with all things in life, it depends on the situation, though a good starting point is the same for all contention: Find common ground, acknowledge common goals, identify ways to work together as a team. Don't settle for harassment, though be charitable in interpretation when possible. The development demand is not a guarantee, and it can also come at the cost of destroying local businesses which cannot afford the downturn in customers during construction- many of which are small, minority owned sole proprietorships. As for demand never changing... well, everything changes. Source: Personal anecdata from living in an area where local government has been pushing more and more light rail development hard, in spite of never actually delivering any of the promised benefits to traffic congestion, ridership levels, community or business development. The difference in money, and perhaps more importantly, time, between great software and good-enough software is large enough that most companies will require good-enough. There are two big trade-offs in time alone: missing the chance to be first to market (mongo vs rethink comes to mind, albeit not quite accurate), and the need to get feedback early and often enough to pivot if the idea isn't quite right. Then the layers of lava come- not enough time to rewrite everything now that the domain is better understood, the prototype becomes the foundation, and cruft builds up. So, the bottom 90% hold less debt and pay less than their fair share of taxes? Is that the lesson here? Had you updated your site to be faster, cleaner, and better adapted to mobile without any of the AMP-specific bits, you may have seen a similar or the same jump in search results > Supercapacitors can energy faster than lithium batteries can(more power). You accidentally a verb. Not only that, but wasn't that hurricane demonstrated to have formed over waters that were at normal temperature levels? If anything, that sort of comment actively hurts the cause. The OP referred to farm subsidies, not food subsidies. The majority of these are in the form of price floors, intended to alleviate poverty among farmers and prevent shortages by encouraging excess supply during all but the leanest of times. The reality is, the majority of these subsidies go to multi-million dollar farms, not the small family farms. As a result, we're effectively paying taxes to raise prices on food, which is very regressive in that it hurts the poor far more than the wealthy. Of course, the flip side of the coin is that without the subsidies, prices would be so low that small farms wouldn't be able to compete anyway. Supply would, assuming the weather cooperates, roughly match demand, and a not insignificant chunk of taxes could go towards other programs (such as subsidizing school breakfasts and lunches). Then, we'd have some bizarre mix of natural disasters that creates a severe shortage of several key crops, causing significant chaos both in markets and in the daily lives of people who like to eat food, and we'd end up right back where we started- demanding the government guarantee that we don't run out of food in lean times, and paying the price for doing so. I seriously do NOT want pictures in titles. It's fine as-is. I've always been under the impression that smaller brewers are harder hit by this than larger brewers, as they have to convince distributors to carry their product, which was really difficult prior to the craft brew craze. If there's pending legal action, it would be foolish to respond publicly. That in and of itself tells us nothing of right and wrong. > “We can’t comment until pending legal is resolved due to advice of council” is a non-response of the best sort. It does absolutely nothing to dispel the presumption of guilt, though, and if anything, merely adds weight to the "you aren't responding because you're guilty" mindset. As for “It’s not true, facts are X, Y, and Z.”, well, I'm Not A Lawyer. I presume that's a bit like a coach for a sports team giving a news conference to tell everyone which strategies and plays they're going to be making in the upcoming game. Facts can be disputed, procedural rules can get facts excluded, and so forth. Whether or not it is a "far better" strategy (weighing PR versus court battle) is too fuzzy for a lay person to judge accurately, I think. I'm afflicted by three chronic conditions which have no known causes. All of them are treatable; there are guesses as to why the treatments work, there isn't really a good way to establish a sound reason for them working. You can't just take a person apart to study them while they're alive, and you can't easily reconfigure them to account for variables either. What, so people should only get jobs in the town they live in? That sounds more Draconian then China's hukou system That's why people largely vote on lines of ideology and hot-button issues; they're (ostensibly) voting on character and judgement, leaving the minutiae to Congress and bureaucrats to figure out. Otherwise, what's the point of Congress if we aren't going to leave it to them to figure things out? I'm not sure why you're being down voted for expressing a rational argument. I'm all for net neutrality, but I would also much rather Congress made it a law rather than relying solely on title ii. https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/issues/8284#issuecomm... That comment is more or less a recurring experience for me. I've been solving problems that are slightly out-of-the-box of the typical CRUD app, and Angular 2+ has been nothing but pain for me. Funny, I've worked with multiple companies and their lawyers who were very serious about license compliance and what not. It took all of fifteen minutes to prepare a spreadsheet of our licenses (planned, anyway). Not a complaint from any of them, other than an "oh, that's more than I'm used to seeing." The one sticking point was webpack 1; they had some dependencies with unlicensed dependencies. Fortunately, we were already leaning towards browserify anyway at the time. Webpack 2+ resolved those issues. Strange, I've always found that sleep deprivation decreases my ability to handle stress, increasing the effect of depression. Even now that I'm stable, it sends me into a blue funk the next day or the day after. Considering that both Google and Facebook are heavily invested in this scene with Angular and React, there's not much to imagine. They're both fine with lots of licenses. I do wish more people here read Sowell, at least those interested in understanding issues of economics and race in America. He is very much a needed counter perspective to the predictable drivel that Chomsky quote has. Strange, it seems like you're implying that if I agree with one person's position, I have to agree with every position that person supports. Considering how frequently politicians change positions, that would make hypocrites of us all. Instead, I'll support Trump for the things he does well, and I'll disagree with the things he doesn't, same as I would for anyone else. I'd argue it's more misunderstood than underrated. Given (historical) alternatives of flash and java: Want some simple scripting on a web page? JavaScript, hands down Want a full page takeover as an app? Java didn't make much sense here- the startup time was awful, and you might as well have literally just made a java desktop app. Flash too had limitations- you could (and I have) throw something together pretty quickly with flex, but the loss of the mobile market was unfortunate. With that said, you are afforded many paradigms, from fully OO to fully functional (from GWT, to Angular, to React, to Purescript), with everything from static, compile time safety (typescript and flow) to runtime clojure-spec ish typing supporting ADTs (tcomb, io-ts, folktale, fantasyland). There's canvas and webgl, but with the DOM having accessibility primitives built-in, you really don't need or want to go there unless you absolutely have to. For every fault of the language, a third party came to the rescue- from module systems (require/amd => browserify/cjs => system/webpack/tsc/ => native modules) to macros (sweet.js) to DSLs (peg.js) to whatever you can think of, all on NPM (for better or worse). There's a lot to hate about JS. There's a lot to love, if you give it a chance without carrying emotional baggage. A lot of these things have absolutely ruined the modern web- I hate the popups on every news website wanting to send me push notifications, and every other blog pretending to be a SPA. A lot of these things have made business advancements possible- I once took a downloadable part configurator app from a company, which could only be installed on windows, and converted it into a web site. Average quote turnaround went from 2-3 weeks to a salesperson could walk into a customer's office, walk them through the website on an iPad, and have a quote in 15 minutes. JavaScript, and the web platform in general, have been maligned, misunderstood, inappropriately used, but it has also been a fundamental changing point in our usage of computers, in many cases for the better. People over whom you have social interaction- neighbors, work peers and so forth- are on better behavior than arbitrary strangers. This isn't a solid rule by any means, but I think most people with experience in retail know what I'm talking about... if someone thinks they're never going to see you again, they will behave very differently, and never for the better. There is a HUGE difference between your peers, neighbors, and "fellow humans". OTOH, Airbnb and VRBO make pretty compelling arguments the other direction; I suspect this is at least partly due to security deposits and the reputation systems where owners can leave feedback about renters. If "the system" you're referring to is the USA, then no, it's not designed for that. We elect people based on ideology and character. They may have a few central policy platforms, but there are so many laws and resolutions passed that they cannot pre-advertise their positions or poll their constituents for every one. Hence, why we are a republic (or representative democracy, if you will). We elect people on the basis of trusting they will do the right thing, because noone has the time to track municipality, state and federal votes. Among the many experiments on local organization early communist China had was essentially a pure democracy (for local matters), and the inevitable result was there were so many votes that people were overwhelmed and disengaged. We are a very diverse group. I detest living in big cities, and recently bought 2.5 acres out in the country. Couldn't be happier. Many of the laws and regulations in the big cities wouldn't make any sense to apply out here. Likewise, purely popular votes on every issue would ultimately mean that the very tiny majority wins, every time, until the squishy "middle" voters get sick of it and switch sides again. The net result is the same. One side feels left out at any given point, and the direction of the country zigs and zags. The modern attitude of extreme hyperbolic reaction to every little detail could have many causes; my money is on social media (where speaking often is more rewarding than listening thoughtfully). It also doesn't help that our news sources are in such fiscal dire straits they seem to think the only newsworthy items are those that stoke rage or FUD. Things are going reasonably well, all things considered. Lots of things could be going a lot better, of course, but I suspect that's always been true, and will continue to be true. Entrenchment is an issue in markets with a high barrier to entry, or one where the barrier can be shifted arbitrarily by the dominant player. Retail isn't really that high, if you count anyone who chooses to open up online, and value additions other than price- shipping policies, returns, service and so forth- are important. If Amazon drops prices to a significant loss on a single product to specifically undercut a new competitor, that might be an issue. Running one side of a business at a loss and propping it up with another is quite common, though perhaps not at this scale. Either way, splitting it now could only harm customers. The agile manifesto was never intended to be a value proposition for the business per se, it was intended to be a promise of professional discipline. You don't ask the business if a refactor is okay, because the business doesn't know how to value or risk it. You refactor because that's what a disciplined professional does, in the course of their work. Think of another profession, if that helps. Teachers don't ask students or administrators if a test would be valuable after a given lesson. Builders don't ask if a hammer would be appropriate for a nail, or if they should use an air gun. There's a certain expectation that they should know and do these things. Scrum works if the scrum master functions as a mediator for the team to collaboratively prioritize work- ideally, this would be a role, not a job title. Scrum fails if the scrum master is just a project manager tasked with making sure the whole backlog entered by the product owner is done on time. I realized as I wrote it that the analogies were flawed, but I rushed myself a bit to finish writing. The teacher analogy depends entirely on the school district, and perhaps might apply more to a university setting than a grade school one. As for the builder, of course there's a discussion between the builder and the client... On the desired results. What a disciplined builder won't do is ask "can we" when they know that the current status is structurally unsound or flawed. There's some substantial differences in cost / financing and risk between the professions, so it's a bit of a stretch no matter what, I'll grant you that. If we can at least agree that there is a certain amount of discipline that embodies a profession, and that the agile manifesto emphasises priorities characteristic of that discipline (correctly or incorrectly) rather than a "business process" or "project management" scheme, then I think we're agreeing on the important points. Coding tests aren't always the problem, but coding tests that evaluate skills the company doesn't even use? That's just disrespectful. This could be my inner grumpy old man speaking, but as a general rule of thumb, I look very poorly on editorializing in code comments. Originally because I didn't want my junior devs embarrassing the company when our clients received control of the code we wrote, but that also transferred into my perception of open source. That comment should not have survived 4 years. Again, inner grumpy old man showing through. Edit: to be clear, such comments are treated as reflective of the people and organization behind them. An appropriate limit is, as I mentioned, editorializing. To be precise, your clients, peers and users should not the the target of your feelings expressed in comments. An additional litmus should be professional discipline: express dissatisfaction with a todo (ideally referencing a bug or discussion issue source URL or identifier). Without that reference, it acknowledges an issue without indicating any motivation to solve or re-mediate the original cause, which is (IMHO) indicative of a careless and lazy attitude. That's a fair enough point, especially when directly employed working on closed source / proprietary code. You're essentially stuck in an echo chamber, and professional standards are more difficult to maintain when you don't have the whole of the world looking on. I also imagine that the mental strain of figuring out edge cases and poor documentation in a system as complex as a windows OS would be enough to make anyone at least a little salty. However widespread it may be, that does not me that I have to like it :D It's not even just the utility of the degree, it's the cost. Investing $20-100k plus four to 8 years lost work experience (depending on number of degrees) is, for most living in rural communities, an extreme luxury. Considering the economic gap between metropolitan areas and rural communities, pretty much any degree not directly related to work preparation and placement is a luxury good that few can afford. A friend of mine chose the college we went to specifically because she was told about all the need-based financial aid that's available to students like her. You know, the kind that grew up learning to pick the mold off the bread and how awful government cheese was. Imagine her surprise when there's no such thing as a free ride, and there wasn't actually so much available. Also, if you think there's enough "elite" universities around for America's poor (rural or otherwise) you're mistaken. The real bottom line is, there's not much elite universities have to offer the rural life. Sure, there's certainly some places and jobs where it would help. For most people, and most jobs though, it's overkill. [Edit] To clarify, if you've grown up in poverty or even lower-middle class in a central midwestern state, the travel costs of going to a uni on the coast is simply prohibitive. Add on top of that things that your peers will partake in (summer in the Hamptons or whatever) that you'll never be able to identify with. You'll always be on the outside, no matter what. Unless every high school graduate in the rural parts of the country decides to move to a big city, there's a whole lot more that a local technical school has to offer someone in that position. > I imagine if travel expenses are a severe hardship, the college can probably figure out a way to help. In the case of my friend, your imagination did not line up with her reality. She managed to figure it out, but is saddled with a debt that will wipe out any gains it has gotten her for years to come. I didn't qualify for any grants, though my parents didn't have disposable income to help. I just got loans. My friend was in a similar situation. Fortunately for me, I got a nice gig as a developer; I lost touch with her and don't really know what happened, though I suspect she's going to be saddled with debt which will wipe out any gains a degree has gotten her for years to come. The nearest state school to me currently estimates the total cost of attending, per year, to be roughly $30k (counting books, living expenses, etc.). That adds up to $120,000 in loans for a 4 year degree, less any grants or other forms of aid, which may or may not actually help you get a job. For many people, a two year technical degree to work towards a career as an air traffic controller, EE tech, computer / network programmer, electrician, plumber, mechanic, welder, floor manager, med tech, paralegal, HVAC tech, landscaping, construction, dental hygenist, hospitality, florist, crop specialist, registered nurse, and so on, all making close to or over the national average income, makes quite a bit of sense. I don't mean to knock the effort they've put in here, but this looks like all of the hand-rolled "frameworks" I saw my friends in the agency / consulting space made when they said angular 1 was "too heavy"... right down to the 'data-controller' attribute binding that everyone seemed to independently come up with. Is there anything actually novel here? These types of things always seemed to run into composition issues (controllers inside of controllers) in terms of communication and what not. The net result was invariably far less appealing than, say, angular 1 or vue or non-SPA React. I tried to address that gently in my second paragraph. Every one of those were abandoned. The most complete one's developer said "what the hell was I doing?" onve he finally gave angular 1 a shot. So do Minneapolis and St. Paul. Let me tell you, they are an absolute blessing in the winter months. Heck, they're nice in the summer months too if you need to cut across a few blocks and don't want to walk amongst the traffic, or it's crazy humid out. IMHO, I think they're really beneficial. MSP / STP will never be the urban utopia that everyone sees NYC or random European cities as in terms of walkability; we've gotten what, a foot of snow between two days in the last week? It's not unheard of for weeks of summer to break 90 or 100 degrees F. Heck, the two cities are only a half million between them; the "metropolitan area" constitutes over EIGHT THOUSAND square miles for a grand total of a little over three million people. Traffic- cars, busses, and light rail- are all here to stay, and that means walking city streets is only as nice as you enjoy breathing exhaust fumes and the noise of tires. I'm assuming that "pig" was an autocorrect typo for "pid". Every company I've worked at for software development has had review / feedback opportunities for my manager. I can't imagine working at a company where feedback from direct reports wasn't a major factor in someone's job performance evaluation. Then again, I've been very selective in where I work. People like to bash the "culture" stereotype, but it's definitely something I consider when I'm looking for a job... you know, how people are expected to interact with other people, not whether there are ball pits and the like. I've seen people like that, and I've been that guy. Ironically, I've been that guy only because I left years after those other men and women that I'd looked up to had moved on, and I'd filled their role for the junior devs who were hired after. Moving on is a fact of life, more so now that ever. My parents both worked for the same company over 35-40 years before they retired; I don't think I can imagine that'll be even close to the norm for many in the workforce now (especially software / other tech). They've actually been proactive in removing items that are reported as dangerous. I had my eye on a juicer, but a review had posted that they noticed some plastic shavings showing up in their juice. The next day, the product was listed as no longer available. N=1, but there does seem to be an effort. I worked for a competitor to Palantir at one point. Basically, they're using what you can think of as an adaptation of Google's PageRank- instead of ranking how important websites are by evaluating the links between them, Palantir and the like estimate a person's importance / influence by evaluating their connections to other people. You can do some pretty interesting market analyses for commercial purposes using just data from Twitter, or Facebook if you can get access to it. What Palantir can do with covertly / illicitly gained data is much the same, only with much deeper wells of information to draw from. That depends entirely on the product and market, though there are a few general uses. Generally speaking, find the people who are very passionate and vocal about topics your product addresses. Now, you know two things: the types of words they use, and with a bit of digging, the sentiment typically associated with those words. This can influence your marketing copy and promotions. Repeat with a few demographics to identify associated areas of passion. Now, you have a group of very passionate people, and maybe even a loose network. Dig in and see if you can find more common associations to tighten the network up a bit. From there, you could run a targeted campaign- say, a contest with freebies awarded to a number of people who retweet a certain message or hash tag. People who are tangentially interested hear about your product. People who would have heard about it anyway (by virtue of being in your target market) will now be talking about your product, using your specifically chosen wording. For the cost of a few freebies, you now have reached your target audience- and thousands more, if they have a significant following. Further, you're not spamming airwaves, or cold emailing, or running ads that are blocked or ignored anyway. Take all of this with a hefty dose of salt. I'm an engineer, not a sales person or marketer. I'm not on Twitter or Facebook or any other network, so I don't really know all the ins and outs of how to use the product itself, only how to build things those people found useful. EDIT: for what it's worth, you can do all of this by hand. Doing it well, doing it right, is harder. I won't recommend anyone specifically, but if you're interested in marketing this way, I'd suggest finding someone who already knows how to calculate influence very well and using their services. Otherwise, you'll spend a lot of time on a pointless goose chase, because there is a LOT of noise to sift through to find a good signal, so to speak. Typed arrays are available in JS, originally for webgl support, and enhanced (I think?) for web assembly. The problem is probably calculating damages, or at least finding damages that outweigh the cost of taking legal action. Projected ad revenue share isn't worth the effort on its own for most people. Some might cry foul at this. As a thought experiment, I wonder if such cases are worth clogging up our court systems. Don't get me wrong, I'm not denying that violations of law ought to go without remediation... but purely from a pragmatic point of view, I'm not sure that the system is currently set up to handle lawsuits over this as a recourse. What alternatives might be available that simultaneously preserve due process for both the accusor and accused when potential damages are anywhere from zero to less than the costs of filing a lawsuit? In the US, I'm not sure if small claims courts would handle such a speculative case. We could set up extrajudicial processes via executive bureaucracy, but the end result is simply less transparent courts. I suppose we could compel businesses to manually validate takedown requests and the like... I am also imagining that would be ripe for abuse to the point it ends up being used antagonistically and ultimately drives down shared revenue for all participants to offset the cost. That was exactly my experience around two years ago. The brand of the company was far, far more valuable than their internal processes or capabilities as a result, and it was a painful migration (still is, from what I hear). Nope. A variable is only global if you are in non-strict mode and leave off a `var` on the declaration, or explicitly assign to the global scope (aka window in the browser). Object internal state is generally true, if you're using prototypal objects. Use function closures when you need to internalize something. Speaking of which, anything hidden via closure is truly hidden and can't be overridden. Anything public can be overridden, excepting objects frozen via the ES5 spec's Object.freeze method. I generally enjoy most aspects of JS, and generally detest working with CSS, in large part because I delegate interacting with many browser APIs to JS libraries, whereas there's no escaping the awfulness that is years of backwards compatibility with incompatible vendor specs and CSS implementations. I suspect I'll be happier once CSS Grids are universally supported (properly) among all of the browsers I need to target, and use postcss for the rest. If your Gmail account is through work (i.e. not a personal one) they already have access to it. The reason is simple: "We've found a candidate who is a better fit" although that is, in my experience, due in no small part to the fact that we've never not been able to fill a position. Conversely, one company I worked for did have us provide candidates thorough feedback, though that was only for those who didn't pass from a code challenge to an interview. Perhaps the hiring managers have them feedback, I'm not sure. PS: the code challenge we gave was carefully put together so as to both be reasonably quick to complete for a skilled developer, but be vague enough in requirements to not have a single answer that could be copy-pasted from a Google search. For anyone who didn't pass, I'd typically write two to three pages, focused entirely on objective metrics, and online resources for further learning should the candidate choose to apply again in the future. We didn't use it as a binary yes / no test, but to inform the discussion we would have in the in-person interview assuming the candidate had a sufficient level of skill. I worked for a company who was sued because a candidate told us he was the second coming of Christ. We didn't really address it, and ended up not hiring him. He used The fact that he mentioned it as grounds for religious discrimination. He didn't win, but we still had lawyer costs and what not. It is not an overblown fear at all. > tax equals 1-2% of the asset value per year, rather than taxing the income So penalize everyone in down years when their stocks lose money, plus wipe out a ton of potential growth in 401k accounts? At least, that's what it sounds like to me. Why do you think spending more than he needs or wants to on breakfast is the most valuable use of his money? Surely re-investing it or other expenses will help far more people. As a sidenote, if you are spending all of your money after paying your bills off, it sounds like you're not saving anything, which is a recipe for disaster. You should most certainly not consider such a person to be miserly. Sadly, I already have a different key mapped there. I, too, have resorted to always having an external keyboard handy. Honest question here- why is it that rage is always directed at the CEO? I mean, there's usually a CTO and / or a COO, plus a director and some other levels of management who actually make the decisions that lead to these scenarios. Why would we hold them responsible for something going wrong if what went wrong wasn't their responsibility? I've known a few CEOs (not personally) and not one of them was in charge of anyone who had these types of responsibilities, directly or indirectly. Plenty of C-level and director types have large paychecks. To randomly place blame because of that would only make matters worse. Those responsible would have a convenient scapegoat, and CEOs would just demand higher salaries as compensation for taking on risks outside of their control. Honestly, the whole "get the CEO" movement has always smacked of intellectual dishonesty to me, as though catharsis were in any way a decent value to base public policy on. I know a teacher in very rural (and white) America. There's not a lot of funding, but throwing more money at them would not change outcomes. It is not at all uncommon for 5 and 6 year olds coming to her classes to be swearing like sailors, unable to spell their names, not knowing numbers, etc. It's not simply a matter of kids being behind, their parents simply don't care. It's a cultural attitude old as time, and crosses race and geographical boundaries, from the dense urban city centers to trailer parks in the countryside. It is coincidental with widespread poverty; both a cause and effect. We have universal Pre-K and k-12 in my nearest metro area, a nearly-hyper liberal bastion. We also have among the worst white-color divide in the country in terms of education outcomes, with a large minority (25% as a record low) dropping out before completing a high school degree. There are so many factors at play, and money (in most schools) is not the primary problem, nor will it be the solution. How many times have there been privacy settings changes which undermined user intent or resulted in surprising defaults? How many snafus have we witnessed since its inception? I am astounded that employees are just now deciding they've had enough. Two thoughts: First, using pellets intended for heating rather than cooking is a health hazard. Second, low-quality pellets that disintegrate, are improperly sized (aka too big, clog the auger, too small, cause burn temp inconsistencies) can damage the machine. Odds are, it's standard boilerplate to cover them in case you use it improperly, and would only be invoked if that is obvious upon inspection. Yeah, the wording sucks, because it seems like they would turn down repairs that aren't caused by the pellets in use. Maybe there's a better way to word it- IANAL. In my (albeit limited) experience, projects which consist primarily of lambdas suffer one of two problems: - the code is awful, because lambdas were an excuse to keep bad developers in their own playpens (aka juniors and those who don't learn) - the code is just fine, and would be easier to maintain if most of the lambdas were combined back into one or more "monoliths" I guess my point wasn't that damage containment was a perk. I view it instead as a lack of support- either cultural or structural- from the more experienced developers. Microservice / faas may help mask it, but you're still stuck with a lot of bad code... Only now, there's less oversight and / or accountability. Price increases to accommodate higher wages will drive down demand. The net result is fewer jobs, or replacing those jobs with other things... Robotic fry cooks aren't economical at current wages, but from what I've heard it's a near thing. You're not wrong, but I think missing my point. This is how we end up with a hackathon golang microservice saving a company 50k a month when a simple correction to poorly written code would have done the same thing. Granted, I only skimmed bits of that article, so I'm not sure those were the exact details, but it makes for a nice analogy. You can use both, ala tcomb or io-ts IDEs like webstorm can ostensibly be quite helpful if you use jsdoc style annotations. However, in my experience, once a code base is big enough, you can open almost any file and find documentation that's out of date, incorrectly copy-pasted, or some other major issue. TS, on the other hand, at least forces you to stay correct, which is ultimately what convinced me to switch. It'd be a lot less effort to just use TS imho. Edit: I meant jsdoc-style, not "style annotations". I learned far more about writing in my experience in debate than I did in any of my classes. Learning to research a topic and write a logical argument about it is far more rewarding, and does more to develop skill, than does being assigned a book to read and writing a summary. Writing about a single source is too easy to game, especially the classics- there's simply too much already written about them, especially when the assignment is more a summary than a thesis. > “Good students are good at all things.” If you're going by grades, then odds are what you're really selecting for is students who are good at the things they felt safe taking, not those who challenged themselves. I wouldn't want apprenticeships to be a funnel for low achievers, but the concrete focus on skill would be a lot more appealing to many of my "low achiever" peers back when I was in school than most of the courses they were required to take. The few "shop" classes we had were usually the ones where they actually got decent grades. Or most people wouldn't want a latte at all if the prices were high enough to support "living wages" We tried this with Pokemon on twitch and it didn't go so well. It could just be ease of maintenance; if a server on AWS goes down, you can fix it from anywhere, or fall back on blaming Amazon. If an on-site server goes down, odds are you might need to go on site, especially if the whole thing is separated from the internet to avoid leaking "anonymous statistics." It's not terribly useful for each fish tank thermometer (or whatever) to run its own server and webui, since what you're probably interested in is "are all of my things behaving as expected". Having that data be centralized- on site or off- is where a web UI can be most useful. A friend of mine rolled his own version of this for his house, helping him optimize how the furnace / ac units operate, etc. It would've been way more painful to go to each devices UI individually. That does make sense, http or otherwise. And yes, technically feasible for each devices to serve up their own SPA, though I still fail to see why one would want to go to individual sites when a centralized interface for looking at the units both individually and as a group would be more efficient. To each their own, I guess. The groups who enjoy chaos on the internet frequently bleed over into the real world... there are no shortages of voting examples. A super quick google search brings up this[1] as a first result. Where I am, a very vocal minority are involved in politics. A small majority are dispassionately interested in the workings of the government, and only vote on things of particular interest to those individuals. The rest couldn't care less, because they assume their one lone voice won't make a difference. The internet (aka people) is why we can't have nice things, and will most certainly ruin this idea. 1: http://mentalfloss.com/article/52524/15-polls-hijacked-inter... > The ICO (UK) has been fairly clear that the intention is not to fine businesses to the point where they cannot operate That's a problem, imho. We cannot rely on good intentions when it comes to the interpretation and enforcement of the law. Anyone who's gotten caught up in the quagmire of legal bureaucracy understands that. The law is the law, and will outlast the good intentions of the authors or people currently in charge. If the law, as written, was not intended to be as such, then it should be amended. That is reflective of the nature of the crime, and history of the criminality of the accused, not their intrinsic characteristics, such as being small businesses or large businesses. Depending on the nature of the violation, it may also reflect the scope of the violation, such as fraud. This is a scenario where, again, the size of the business, or the risk of the business going under, is not taken into account. If we really want two separate punishments for the same crime- one for small businesses and one for large businesses, because we don't intend on putting anyone out of business- then that should be a codified part of the punishment. I didn't pursue programming as a hobby- and then a career- until later in life than what you are assuming here. In fact, I have worked with a number of people at multiple companies- their first programming jobs- who are older than me. They have all come from lower paying jobs. The key is that they put in effort to change. One was raising two children- an infant and a toddler- and if he wasn't actively coding, he was reading or listening to something programming related. For now, at least, programming is a highly sought-after skill, and with determination and effort, you can get into it. There really aren't any other barriers than (1) saving up for a cheap computer, and (2) having reliable internet access. From looking at the proposal, there are substantial differences. The biggest is that switch is an equality test on a single value, while pattern matching as proposed allows matching on multiple properties of an object, as well as conditional clauses. I need to look at it more closely, as some languages have matching be an expression, rather than a statement or block like the conventional switch. It doesn't add something that you can't already do- tcomb and other libraries offer functions that mimic it- but it changes the way you can express certain ideas without needing them, in a way that is already familiar from other languages. EDIT: yes, it does look like an expression, which means it can be used in many more places than a standard switch. Why would you want to work with someone who actively undermines the productive capacity of the workplace? All that means is everyone else has to work harder to balance them out. I don't disagree. My comment was specifically geared towards the comment thread calling out productive communication, and whether or not that's a valid characteristic of a desirable coworker (as well as the inverse). So rich people hardly notice the difference, and pensioners die of heat stroke because they can't afford air conditioning? Don't protest self-driving cars, protest the laws you feel shouldn't apply to you. After all, there are plenty of other reasons jaywalking laws might become more strictly enforced. This is in no way contradicting my point. A pedestrian may illegally have entered a road, but still have right-of-way, and self driving cars will need to account for that. However, protesting self driving cars will not change whether walking in the street is legal, since it already is not. Therefore, whether you do so and get fined by police is entirely up to their discretion, which could change at any time for any reason. If you want it to be legal, protest the illegality, not the car company. The laws are already on the books . Police could choose to apply heavier enforcement regardless of whether or not self driving cars become a thing. If the law itself is unjust or inappropriate, protest the law. It depends on the city. My nearest metro does enforce them... at locations for which a particularly large number of people are wont to illegally cross, such as around the University. Otherwise, enforcement is spotty at best, because the police have better things to do, such as ticket parked cars with expired tabs or meters. If there were a sudden uptick in pedestrian-car collisions, you can bet they'll crack down. None of the above addresses whether the law SHOULD be on the books, which is what people should put their efforts towards changing, if they feel is unjust. Protesting car companies that make self driving cars because they don't like an already existing set of laws is just misguided at best, and intellectually dishonest at worst. Consent isn't required for data collection that is necessary for the service to work. However, you have to be prepared to defend in court that it IS necessary. As such, trackers in 3rd-party advertising network code probably won't count as necessary; it's necessary for the ad network, but it is not necessary for the website displaying the advertisements, as proven by ad-blockers. Likewise, the facebook like button and other "plugin" components aren't "necessary", they merely add value to the existing content / features, and must therefor be entirely opt-in. At least, that's my understanding, which is entirely too facile to be taken as legal advice. EDIT: As petercooper pointed out below, in addition to proving necessity, you must still also prove in court that you have balanced the necessity against users' rights and interests. As such, I no longer feel confident to say I even have a clue as to what is legal and what is not, for FB or for anyone else, until there's a big enough court case to set precedent. I don't think the GDPR's "necessary to work" clause considers profit models. I believe, (again, IANAL) that "necessary to work" is really "necessary for a feature to function"; how a company derives revenue from the service doesn't come into account. It would be interesting to see revenue as a necessity be tested in court, since there are open-source social networks that don't rely on user tracking or data sales to the extent that Facebook does it. Actually, filming entrance and exits is probably necessary for them to have insurance against theft, which probably is necessary for them to continue operating. Further, some stores put locks on items and displays that others do not. These are also required for the store to continue offering such services. You, as an individual, may not have undermined the store. However, you, as an individual among many, may be the reason why certain stores are not able to function as other stores do. EDIT: to clarify my point, I don't think the GDPR takes how revenue is obtained into account. The revenue model itself must still conform to user consent. The analogy of Walmart to ad-blockers is interesting, though slightly off when one behavior is illegal and the other is not. Unfortunately, if I run an ad targeting 18-24 year old males in New York City, and my ad manages to collect IP addresses, I have effectively purchased information about anyone who sees my ad. It's certainly not a complete profile, and may have ranges of categorizations (i.e. 18-24 years old) BUT as an advertiser, I probably wouldn't need or want data more specific than that anyway. Interesting... the "necessity" test was what I was referring to for "necessary to work". However, I wasn't aware of the "balancing" test. Also, does Facebook's ad network really constitute "direct marketing"? I had imagined that to be more of an email blast about a new FB feature, rather than collect-your-usage-data-and-sell-marketing-slots-to-you. Now that I type that out, I guess it does make more sense. However, I really am not a big fan of the common-law approach to the "balancing" test. Basically, whoever has the most money and faces the most lenient judge wins. Everyone else is left guessing what the hell is legal and what isn't, when a clear set of rules would be much easier to fairly apply to everyone. Isn't this the crux of the issue? Why would current tax payers volunteer to pay more so that more people can come into their neighborhood, devaluing their property by increasing noise, light and chemical pollution? It's curious to me that so many people complain about gentrification in terms of destroying the nature of an existing community, but then we also have so many complaints about zoning laws that are designed to protect the visible characteristics of communities. That depends heavily on where you go. My high school only offered German and Spanish. I think a few years after I graduated they added either Japanese or Chinese, though that's because our school district was growing significantly year over year. If you're not in a large school district / large city, your options as a student in a public school (and most private ones) are quite limited indeed. > A team of archaeologists, historians, and climate scientists have constructed a history of Rome’s lead pollution, which allows them to approximate Mediterranean economic activity from 1,100 b.c. to 800 a.d. I think that better explains the broad span of time. Then again, if you were writing for an audience 1300 years in the future with little to no genuine knowledge of our time period (other than popular myth and oral tradition) that probably wouldn't be a bad year to start with, since that's not terribly long after major explorations to the West from Europe (Columbus "discovered" the Bahamas around 1492). Edit: formatting of the quote I'm literally going through a purchase of a home on 5 acres, riverfront, workshop and pole barn for ~$300k, within commuting distance to a large midwest metro area. $300 is the purchase price, not the mortgage. Salaries around here for skilled software engineers are typically $100-150k, depending on years of experience and field. A friend of mine in the same area is working remotely for a major SV company making $175k. For the love of whatever you consider to be holy, don't think that the SV lifestyle and cost of living are representative of the country as a whole. 1) The correlation between the content people peruse and the products people buy is pretty poor. Take a news site with an article about school shootings- what related content would they advertise? Guns? Back to school supplies? Without knowing why a person is on a page, it's difficult to understand what related products might appeal to them. 2) Tracking user behavior is fairly important to implement click fraud detection- obviously that doesn't justify shady behavior on the part of ad networks, nor does it necessitate the in-depth amount of personally identifying information they may or may not collect. However, some forms of that data- think IP addresses, click history- may be useful. 3) If you already have some data per point 2, why would you waste an opportunity to display something meaningful by putting up an ad that might be completely irrelevant given what you happen to know already? None of this is meant to justify targeted ads, only to explain why they have better appeal to both content providers and ad networks. The problem is, the "balancing test", a subjective measure of the users interest against the legitimate interest, may still cancel out the exemption. It's completely subjective, which may or may not be a good thing depending on the mood of the regulator, court, and your opinion of rule by common law. Considering the etymology (Greek) and meaning (to reveal, as in the prophesies coming to pass), your point should come as no surprise (it is the book of Revelations, after all). In fact, I become silently irked when I see the word "apocalypse" used in a non-biblical sense, though I am not a religious person. To be honest, most "anti-tax" people are fine with the theory, but don't trust that it will be well managed and, more importantly, preserved for lean times. Too often surpluses are immediately funneled to special projects that we could have been better off without. The "pro-tax" people in my area are also generally against this sort of thing, because they want nothing more than to take more money and spend it on special constituencies. For example, my state passed a sales tax that was sold to us as a way to better preserve our parks, wild lands and cultural heritage. About 19% has gone to the DNR, which means less actually went to the stated cause. The rest is being funneled to art projects that are poorly received and utilized. Mind you, this is in a state that's very pro-taxation, and otherwise very liberal. We have a federal, not national, government. National percentages of votes earned are meaningless. I'm not saying that's good or bad, but that's what it is. So are most pro-tax people, they're just pro-tax-everyone-else. Our governor is filthy rich, campaigned on raising the taxes on the one percent, and yet none of the taxes he wanted would have affected his trust fund income. What a surprise. "What is the best career advice you’ve ever received? Odds are it wasn’t from an annual performance review." I guess the odds were in my favor. Where did you get those numbers? I was under the impression that each $10k on a 30 year loan was roughly $70 / month, depending on your interest rates and property taxes. If $40 / month is what you can expect from electricity savings, it's an absolutely awful investment. My mother had it done. Side effects are mostly limited to eyes so dry she needed her ducts plugged to retain fluid and no/ limited night driving due to halos. With all of that said, compared to the coke bottle glasses she had before, I don't think she would have done anything differently. Me, I can still comfortably wear contacts (astigmatism is mild enough) so she suggested that I not get it. YMMV I wonder at what point the number of domains and subdomains that you can log into becomes its own phishing vector. At least with most services, you can look in the URL and pretty quickly know whether or not you're in the right place! It's entirely possible that within a year or two, it won't be state of the art at all, if the hype around 5g wireless speeds and bandwidth are to be believed. Spending a significant amount of money on something that requires a significant install and maintenance (trenching bedrock, cut lines) when there are potential solutions just around the corner seems to me like bad policy. I'm sure that there are other, more effective uses the government could put that money towards. Maybe the most efficient and beneficial thing for Boulder would be to not take on more debt, I don't know. Just don't be too quick to assume that all expenses and public works projects are net positives. I got a Dell XPS 13 from work and it's got nothing on my surface book. Even Linux support is better, though the difference largely comes down to multi monitor over DP vs USB-C. Honest question: what do you love about the touch bar? I tried used one for almost a year, and never used the touch bar once. I was forced to use an external keyboard because I needed a tactile physical escape key (caps was already taken by Ctrl or cmd, I forget which). Throwing it in a git repository ensures that every person who clones it can readily republish it. Hosting said repository on Github, when anticipating an utterly massive spike in traffic, is an easy way to not have to pay for said spike in traffic (either from provisioning or data transfer). I didn't look at what format the "database" is in, or if the size would make it (im)practical to simply zip it up and email it around, but if the format isn't readily consumable by non-technical people, there wouldn't be any reason to not utilize a tool like git anyway. Git itself was a bit of a red herring, even though it was somewhat relevant to that specific point. I know nothing about what hosting platform the author is currently using, so to make a quick assumption: - hosting on AWS is not free for super high traffic (assuming the free tier can't keep up) - serving files from S3 is not free (though it's cheap enough at low read levels, it adds up) At a typical level of traffic, the author's current host may be sufficiently inexpensive. Assuming the author was assuming many, many times the usual traffic (even if everyone is kind enough to bare clone), it would be a pointless expense. Of course, third party hosting can take the content down... and this is where git became relevant. Assuming the author was more interested in distributing the content than the prestige of being the distributor, even though Github etc. took down the repo, every person who has since cloned is now capable of re-publishing to any new upstream repository of their choosing, on any server. Assuming, again, that all of this was the goal, it probably made sense to utilize the free, fast, scalable third party hosting as long as possible rather than risk self-hosting slowing down or collapsing under traffic, or creating a massive spike in cost. That's a whole boat load of assumptions, any of which could be wrong. In the realm of possible motivations, though, I think it's a fairly logical conclusion. I have an original surface book, and linux works more or less flawlessly. Running arch right now, and the only thing that didn't work out of the box was the touch screen. Fortunately, I never use touch screens for anything anyway! The only interesting thing was getting dual booting set up. I goofed. I didn't realize bitlocker was on, encrypting the hard drive, and apparently didn't have a recovery key, which you apparently need if any boot setting is touched at all. As a result, I had to wipe + re-install the whole system, but that was no great loss since everything I really needed was backed up anyway. In fact, I've had fewer problems running arch on the surface book than with my work's dell xps 13, though I'll admit that most of those troubles are due to the dell's USB-C port and linux support in USB-C docks / hubs. I pay $30 / month for my phone bill. That's it. I don't use a lot of cell data, but I have more than enough for some light streaming, GPS, price checking, etc. When I'm not at home or the office (on wifi). Oh, and there's no arbitrary limitation on tethering either. Yes, competition is delightful, but sometimes you actually have to try. In this case, the differentiator between my current option and the lower cost ones is the level of cell service living out in the sticks (aka 45 minutes out of the metro area). More would be nice, but rural life typically has fewer options. That is really changing though, on all fronts, as technology does. Maybe it's a Wisconsin thing? Renovations to Lambeau Field in Green Bay were paid for by a voter-approved sales tax in Brown County. Wisconsin also loves to use property taxes for various things, which is how it gets away with being slightly lower-taxed than neighboring MN while having a similar quality of life. This is the first time I've ever heard of jquery mobile described as fast, and I used to work for a medium sized consultancy / agency (as in upwards of 50 front-end devs) that did a lot of projects with it. In fact, I don't really recall anyone speaking positively at all; at best it was a necessary evil. "We actually have very little "highly interactive" parts of our site" That should have been your determining factor as to whether or not a SPA was appropriate. We've had the opposite experience; our new react SPA is noticibly faster than our current rails site, but it is due to the nature of the pages, not "X is always Y compared to Z" For me, that generation also did not have access to kale, quinoa, or avocados. Bananas and oranges were a rare treat, because getting them fresh was utterly impractical and expensive where they lived. One side were farmers, the other lower class city folk who got their chickens in cans, and had to over cook pork until it would shatter if you dropped it just to be sure that it was safe to eat. That generation grew up without refridgeration; there was very little in the way of fresh foos during winter months as everything had to be preserved in cans or dried. I for one ame glad for our modern food supply. "unlike yesterday's titans, the newest of generation billionaires don’t have histories likely to assuage popular resentment." Basically sums up the article. It's just another class warfare screed, full of half truths and misdirection. Google's Closure compiler [1] has been around forever (the Java version, anyway). There used to be a separate linter, but now it's wrapped into the compiler using the flag `--jscomp_warnings=lintChecks` Given the number of other tools in my workflow that are all JS based (webpack, etc.) I don't use it, but I've heard good things from people who have. [1] https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/ Depends on where you are. My nearest major city council has a member that gets paid just shy of 100k a year and misses roughly a third of the meetings. Great job if you can get it. Your analogy doesn't hold for me. Small house, 5 acres, pond, river, rural countryside. If I walk down the street, the most dangerous things I can expect are deer, or if I'm very unlucky, a bobcat. When I lived in the nearby urban cities, I could walk down the street and the most dangerous things I have faced in the past were people on crack, with weapons, wanting money. If I had been less fortunate, it would have been a gang that split open a neighbor's skull over a stolen CD. Nothings perfect, but I'll take the country life any day. While you should certainly have a healthy savings account for emergencies, these stories are always the exception. Thousands upon thousands of claims are filed every day, and they aren't ending up with this level of pain. Heck, when I had a tree fall on my house, the mortgage company was a bigger pain in the arse than the insurance company was to deal with. They came out, took some pictures, asked me to get a quote to fix it, and sent me a check in the mail. Similar thing happened to me with car insurance. And, while I ended up paying more than I would have liked to get my gal bladder removed, that was largely because I bought a high deductible health insurance plan and knew that was a potential outcome. The command failed, with a clear error message, and a direct instruction on exactly how to redolve it. That is good UX. Your example boils down to not knowing the word "upstream". I would argue that is table stakes domain knowledge for decentralized version control, and is trivially easy to search for. That does not make bad UX. Good UX does not eliminate the need for domain knowledge, it eliminates incidental complexity from a user's task, and one could argue makes a tool pleasant to use. I don't disagree that there are rough edges to git (the debate over merge vs rebase is a glaring example), but "just plain terrible in every way" is gross hyperbole. But it doesn't know what you intended. It's guessing . The consequences of guessing incorrectly could be very, very bad, as you are pushing your code to a remote host. Again, the whole point of git is that it is decentralized; there is no requirement that you have one single central server that you are pushing to; there could easily be multiple places that you might want to push something to. Using something as default that makes sense for a centralized VCS when git is not centralized is, imho, worse than bad UX, as it teaches incorrect assumptions. Again, this is table-stakes knowledge for using decentralized version control. My anecdotal experience has been the opposite. Electrical service is on par, but the customer service at xcel far eclipses the coop I'm currently stuck with. Its not even a close comparison in terms of responsiveness, clear communication, and transparency of services and pricing offered. Xcel also heavily invests in alternative energy sources. Perhaps by watching lots of home videos on the internet or TV of people hauling massive tiered wedding cakes around, only to drop them or for a tier to give out and the whole thing to fall over? As pretty and traditional as they are, they aren't nearly as practical to cut for a large crowd, especially once it's fallen on the ground, and nothing tops off the single largest event you'll host and pay for in your life like disappointing all of your guests. You are trying to use a universal solution to a specific problem. Furthermore, visible homelessness is often a presenting symptom of other, non-homelessness problems. Look no further than San Fransisco or Seattle for how little throwing money at something will change the outcome. Or, look at the education system in Washington DC- highest expenditure per pupil, with sub-par results. Giving everyone for an undefined, but definitely finte, period a lump sum of cash will certainly help a small number of people. Others will not leverage the windfall and will once again be destitute when the charity ends. What do we do then? I would rather have a more systematic solution [edit: set of solutions] to help people whenever they are in need, rather than a blanket solution. Some arguments I've seen boil down to "well, let's do both!" at which point all they are arguing for is sticking with the same broken system, but throwing more money on top of it. It doesn't change the fact that what we have isn't working, and isn't going to be solved by further crippling the middle class (since "the rich" typically adjust income strategies whenever taxes change, they're not going to be affected in the way "tax the rich" folk expect). Based on my association with welfare workers (and one in particular that specifically works with the homeless) "visible" homelessness is most frequently a result of mental illness and / or drug abuse (which renders a person roughly at the same capability level as if they had mental illness). Throwing money at them won't change their condition so much as providing treatment for the underlying cause that allowed them to become "degenerate" as you say. Unfortunately, many have no desire to accept treatment- either they feel they don[t need it, don't want it (hard to give up drugs) or fear repercussions of accepting treatment (i.e. come under close scrutiny, lose freedom, get locked away, etc). The sort of homelessness that is harder to "see", so to speak- and that's the sort of people who are temporarily out of a job and lost their home, or suffered a medical setback, or what have you. Sometimes, money is enough for them to get back on their feet. Other times, they simply lack the financial skills necessary to make wise money decisions (aka have a savings account built up for emergencies) and could also benefit from financial training to avoid landing right back in the same situation again. No matter how you look at it, a tailored solution is more effective than throwing money at people, because the problem you see isn't necessarily the root problem that needs to be addressed. I think you're way over-estimating what a realistic ability to predict outcomes will be. I'm reminded of back when I worked in agency land, and clients would ask us to build something to "go viral" back when going viral was a new concept. They assumed it was as easy as just saying "make it so". Of course, it's never that easy to know that it will catch on. How exactly do you make something that is fun, engaging, and rewarding enough to encourage regular use, but not fun, engaging or rewarding enough to abuse? Seriously, if you can answer that question, you're sitting on a gold mine of knowledge. I've found the same to be true for mentoring junior programmers. Those who treat it as just a job rarely advance their abilities. Those who are genuinely interested in learning grew. I've always disliked the verb "teach" because it implies that it is something I can do to you, when really all I can do is nurture, facilitate or provide a framework for you to learn. Protesters are routinely arrested (in the US) for things like blocking traffic, unlawfully carrying weapons or other safety issues, not because they are voicing disagreement with "the man". Blocking someone is neither policing nor punishing, it's simply ignoring; actual censorship still falls to the platform itself. Wait, we're calling S3, Firebase and any sort of metered charge scheme (aka pay per usage) "serverless" now? That's news to me, I've apparently been using serverless since I started programming as a full-time career 10 years ago! Here I thought most of those were just "cloud" services or "third party APIs". I probably should have added a `/s` somewhere in my post; my internal sense of "this doesn't sound right" is coming from a desire to enforce a distinction between "cloud", "API" and "serverless". To my mind, serverless is exclusively limited to FaaS or similar means of deploying code without visibility of the underlying server it runs on . S3 isn't about code deployment, it's a third-party API that stores data. EC2, docker et. al. at least have instances of servers you see, even if you automate away the management portion- that makes them cloudy, but not serverless. Maybe my understanding of serverless is completely at odds with what the industry is, and if so I have learned something new and am chuffed. Tech salaries in Minneapolis and the surrounding area aren't terrible if you're reasonably qualified and do some digging- think low $100k and up. The rents seem absurd to me- $1300 for a one bedroom apartment? - but that's because I grew up in a town where a two bedroom apartment above a quiet store would cost $450 a month, tops. Yeah, I think it was near the twins stadium, and was brand new, so it was probably inflated a bit compared to what you would get if you looked around. Regardless, I now have a 2k mortgage for multiple acres, waterfront, and no congestion, city noise, smells or lights. It's bliss if you don't mind the occasional snake or bear. I think that build out has been going on since at least 2004, at least around the University. Plenty of luxury student apartments around there with even more inflated prices for the value. Even in the suburbs, sketchy one bedrooms were 900-1000 last I had looked, though I was limited in options because I had a small dog. I ended up going way out to savage to get one for 700 / month back in 2010 The key point isn't the BMW, it's the unspecified distress. Lives could literally be on the line, and a fast response might make a difference. Price to build and run, followed by public perception. A good chunk of cost is safety regulation; until smaller and cheaper reactors are efficient (and with less catastrophic failure modes) come into play, natural gas will out-compete nuclear 9 times out of 10. Sadly, too little research is going into nuclear, largely due to public perception; plants that use thorium or recycle waste have a ton of promise but little public interest. Meanwhile, Germany needs to find out what to do with about a third of their wind turbines in the next few years, as they're about to hit end of life and the parts are difficult or impossible to reuse and recycle. Not to mention the environmental consequences of solar and wind production, but hey, chromium and cadmium poisoning doesn't sound as scary as a mushroom cloud irradiating half the country. "How could I know - how could anybody know - that her death wish was not a sign of her psychiatric disease? The fact that one can rationalise about it, does not mean it's not a sign of the disease," Words cannot express how grateful I am that suicide was not an endorsed or approved option for me in my younger years. I have 5 chronic diagnoses all considered separate (physical and mental) but in truth there is some underlying correlation between them. The first thing I tackled was my sleep disorder, followed by being aggressive about reducing the stresses in my life that I could control. The sleep bit was more controlling routine than medicine- pretty much ever sleep pill was worthless for one reason or another. It took a few years, but finally I was art a point where I could comfortably cope with everything but any sort of long term stress would bring back depression and anxiety. Lexapro has been amazing in that regard. Ultimately, friends, family, and the private shame of how selfish my thoughts were kept me going, forcing a discipline, reducing stress, a few months of therapy and now medicine, and I feel like I haven't in 15 years. The particular truths sought matter less for most jobs than the amount of research and critical thinking along the way. Sadly, as has been pointed out, the humanities have become a monoculture of thought and encourage rote initiation into the groupthink, rather than independent research and analysis. Of course, that won't get you most STEM jobs, but it would have a lot more practical application, and therefore economic value, for most other white collar jobs- at least compared to the current degrees. It's not unique. I've worked in large teams with benevolent dictators (who were open to feedback and suggestion), and large teams where everyone wanted to be at the same level. In the latter scenario, generating momentum is damned difficult, as everyone is trying to herd cats to their own priorities. Smaller teams in that regard can be more flexible / nimble, as there are fewer total competing priorities, but that isn't to say that it is always true in either direction. Programming software is a pretty substantial difference from computer science, and (at least when I went to school) there was in fact very little in the way of courses that would prepare you for a job doing either web or mobile development. Instead, you would learn all of the things that went into compilers, databases, and then optionally pick a specialized path such as AI, fluid dynamics modelling or what have you. The strongest direct use of maths was probably algebra until you focused on some of the more specialized fields. This is among the reasons, I think, why such a huge percentage of software programmers I met didn't even have a 4 year degree; it simply wasn't a practical requirement for baseline skill like you would expect from other careers. A simpler explanation is that BMW doesn't want to be legally liable if a car crashes but the special sensor algorithm reports it as a break-in, or vice versa. After all, they're just sensors, and they're still just guessing. Far better for them to report "something is wrong" than to file a false report. Depends on where you live. Within very easy driving distance from me (or a rigorous bicycle ride) are farmers markets that, put together, are open from 8:30AM to 6:30PM. If you're working the second shift (lucky you, I only ever got first or third) you'll have no problem being able to get to one of those at least once a week. Toll roads, long driving, competition and dealing with parking and paying to set up in a high-demand area are all problems farmers face at large city markets. Go almost anywhere else and you'll indeed be surprised.