LOL As if Apple is the root of all problems. As if Foxconn only manufacture products from Apple. As if people are FORCED to work in those conditions. As if they DONT have a choice of not working there. And i am sorry peeps, what happen if Apple suddenly decide to double pay Foxconn? What happens if EVERYONE double pay them? Would those people get double their salary? And it is great that Foxconn are now considering using Advance robotics instead, more people Jobless, more people suffer. Oh, and i forgot, American has once been through this stage as well, and looking from the web it is obvious they dont teach history there. Late to the Discussions, but i am surprise no one has mentioned atmail -www.atmail.com They have a cloud solution too. Personally i think this is the best email services. In the end it is about trust. Sometimes i just wish ISP would provide better DNS services. Well at least it is some great idea to look into. Although M$ has a habit of copying other people's idea and make it WORST. Another day to go before Windows 8 CP. I thought i was the only one who see this. Why haven't the blog been updated to something much more useful? Could someone care to expand and explain more on this? 1.They aren't really cash, they are cash equivalent. And it is interesting for other company, Newspaper only signal out what is really "cash" and leave those "cash equivalent" like bonds as separate thing. 2. Apple likes to have some money in the bank, so they dont need to borrow on anything. 3. Over 60% of its co called cash are overseas. Which means they cant really do anything with it. 4. The other 40%, are used for operational cost, paying big in front for favorable price, R&D, and even acquiring companies. 5. Apple has LOTS of High Profile Stores. Those Stores are long terms liabilities, and they do cost a bit operate. In the case of another huge economy downturn, those cash are what makes them stay afloat. I was actually wondering what happens if Apple do have 100B to buy into bonds or what ever, that is 2B a year of interest coming from it. I thought of the same as well, would really like some constructive discussion on the differences. Just a few things about not only a language barrier, but more importantly a culture barrier. Language Barrier is easier to break. Then there is the obvious, IRC always tends to get lots of slang and jokes, that even Brits from UK wouldn't get what that US American are laughing about. And this put off a lot of Eastern Developers. P.S - Nice to know DS read HN. I read a paper about it recently, and it states while everything is good, it will still takes years of research and development, trial and testing before it moves into deployment stage. So unless someone with many BILLIONS decide to tackle the problem, the time it takes Thorium to get traction making it not really an alternative ATM. We know this for a long time. Few years down the road in sub 10nm, we will reach the era where we cant shrink transistor endlessly. The problem with chip stacking on die is how to get rid of the heat passing through each layer. Stacking in itself has proven to be feasible by the Memory Cube. Where Heat isn't much of a concern. I wonder if Github will offer anything similar? Or will 37signal and GitHub merge one day? It will still take time to build Bring in new customers who are using Hipchat Bring in new talent. Half of your dev team uses IE o.O ?? JD is very good, but sorry to say he is not even close to being next SJ. I was guessing it would be GitHub. Buying Back Stocks or Dividend doesn't do any good for Apple, Apart from its shareholders. I am thinking on Worldwide Data Carrier Network. But Apple doesn't own ANY frequency spectrum. And there isn't a single worldwide common Whitespace for them to use. Buying Intel isn't out of reach. You only need 51% of Intel Stocks. And Apple can afford that. IT fits them in many ways. And i think Intel is pretty cheap for its price in terms of investment. Although i doubt that is realistically possible. That is another part i like about Server Side Rendering. You have much more control. Rendering Web Page would work well with your 1Ghz Machine. Email From Mediatemple, (mt) mail, which itself is based on Atmail You could get a Cloud Based version of Atmail from atmailcloud.com/ I think they are really expensive. I still found it hard to believe no one could beat the price on StormOnDemand.... I am still skeptical..... because of how good they sound and how cheap they are. And Yet no one mention them ANY where. For example HPcloud bandwidth is 3x the price. And HPcloud does not even offer Regional Hosting like AWS does. They only good thing i see is Akamai CDN. I hope they will offer DNS from Akamai as well. P.S - I am not in anyway connected to LiquidWeb / StormOnDemand. Is making those compiler features simple and easy? I was wondering why Rails.app need $25,000 while this is like half the price. I have no idea about broad meetings, how many % do you need in meetings to make such a move? I was under the assumption you only need over 50%, which he has already. Or is it different US? Why the heck are they making an Old, soon to be unused Ruby 1.8.3 as ISO standard. They should be thinking about 2.0 instead. But LuaJIT 2 is insanely fast, even the Heavy / Fast Ruby isn't even anywhere near its speed. So why would one choose mRuby over Lua? I am not sure if anyone on HN know what is Line. Since US / EU uses Whatsapp. Can you really just bring back the whole Asteroid? I mean without even knowing what exactly is inside and extraterrestrial hazard? But As somebody pointed out the operation cost does not yet make this feasible. The RAW materials inside are priced by supply and demand. While the cost of mining is pretty much fixed for a long period of time. Apple are great in many areas and things but absolutely poor in Internet services. They need to seriously overhaul that software department. I was going to ask, is this something new for CDN or do others like Akamai and EdgeCast offers something similar? Same thoughts here. I could never understand why anyone would go with AWS EC2. It is expensive and slow. You could get much better deals from other dedicated providers or cloud providers. Route53 is ok and improving although i would still recommend DNSmadeeasy. Interesting, according to the stats, if you have = sign done with out the shift it would have saved another 20% of the keystrokes. " Prompted by the occasion rather than being planned in advance" So what's wrong with it? Apart from Tax, there is also the problem with fluctuation of exchange rate. Then there are operating cost and other sorts of things. There is still quite a margin, but same type of Electronics devices would have cost more in UK compare to US even without the tax difference. So it is not really a Apple thing at all. Since you manage to survive using shared host, your proberly dont need a "best" host as most of the host ( VPS ) will be good enough for you. Check out Linode or Dediserve. May be Intel has paid them to publish these numbers? Otherwise I have no idea why they are stupid enough to post it on the net. I think the Design is good on first sight but doesn't carry over with time. It is the excitement in graphics but little in design philosophy. Compare to Android 4.0 and Apple. I have similar concern as well. Is there any way to use Cloudflare with other DNS like DNS Made Easy? Really? Well may be they are for the big boys, none of the commonly used CDN advertise it, All Hosting providers reselling Level 3, Akamai, EdgeCast, NetDNA or even Amazon Cloudfront dont show it either. I wonder why these aren't available to normal users. Opus, A lot better, it is a rather strange beast that it nearly manage to outperform in every category. With a bit more tuning work for a year or two it could properly be on the same level with AAC @ 256Kbps. And Holy Fxxk that is some awesome Hardcore Video and Audio hacker discussion. Great Stuff!!!! I could understand reasons for their support for VP8. But "superior quality" is definitely not a strength on VP8 side. Being in Patents Pools doesn't mean they dont need to pay licensing. It just means they are on both paying and receiving ends. Since there are thousands of patents on H.264, Apple are only recieiving a tiny amount compared to what they paid out. I wonder if anyone actually use the framework's built-in webserver for everything! Sounds Great and i wonder what happens in practice. Anyone know of any real world usage on this? On Pricing, I must be missing something because All EdgeCast, CDNetwork and Akamai Resellers are similarly priced. And unless you get to lots of traffics for the majority these Big CDN player wont even deal with us directly. Although with only 7 PoPs i could understand why you think it is overpriced. They tried with OpenGL 3, but then it took them years and the plan were scrapped. ( That is when Microsoft brings DirectX 9 to the table, which is well designed and much more usable then OpenGL ). They restarted development a few years ago to clean up the mess. The main reason why OpenGL did not get a restart were because of pressures from CAD and 3D Modelling Industry. True, I am hoping Ruby 2.0, and Rails 4.0 will improvement on those front. I completely agree. I can only imagine the whole thing turns into chaos. What about those with non Active Facebook account? Same Treatment? There is also SmartOS as well. Well i think he is referring to Smart DataCenter, which runs on Smart OS etc. This may be totally off topic. But Flickr? While the story may be true It seems to be another new marketing things under new management to generate more buzz. Well they are using tricks and newer technique to make better quality pictures while still within the official specs. So it is not exactly outside to the official specs at all. Well at least this time it will be much faster then H.264, Hardware decoder are already in the work with many things could be reused fro H.264 HP Decoding. So unless there are any major changes HEVC decoder will be coming much quicker. Some Video Decoder IP has already begin to list HEVC decode as a feature. They could have just refund ALL of those money as credits for JoyentCloud. Would this be a better solution? So you essentially got "x" years of hosting plus Those money back as credits. Well that is like a much better deal. Although it would have been much better if they have done this earlier. I was about to write that as well, Apple are using less Apple APSL themselves and moving to wards Apache 2.0 License, and using more BSD / MIT equivalent. Since the Table only includes GPL / LGPL and the not used APSL no wonder why the numbers are dropping. As a matter of fact it is catching up quite nicely. Haswell are looking at 2.5x of current HD4000 performance. And Broadwell will do another 2x of Haswell. These performance would have been nice if not for Retina display manages to use 4x the pixel on screen. Things are just never fast enough. My thoughts exactly, although most of the time Space should be cheap enough where the DC are located. But you would need at least 2 - 3x the size of DC to handle that. The Oil also needs money, and the extra cost to handle the construction, etc. And if google could already achieve 10- 20% figure then it is properly not worth while to do it within that 18% savings. I think the performance gap between ARMv8 and x86 Haswell are just far too great. Well because every site are made different, and uses different tech, with different bottleneck. But with SSD, RAM becoming a commodity, ( both prices has been dropping shapely ) I/O are much easier to deal with. And with every release of PostgreSQL / MySQL, Easier Database Replication and more common practice of scaling we are much much better at it then say 2 - 3 years ago. "Consumers may not be happy with the yearly paid update cycles," That is one of the complain i heard most about. "But the fierce competition between Parallels and Fusion has led the market to a mature and capable state and consumers of both products will likely be satisfied with their performance." I think there is so much truth in it. Without bunch of consumers playing every year, there will be no incentive to make gaming performance and other improvement. This is likely the first time in history Virtualisation has catered Gaming market. And their performance are now, more then enough for most of our usage. For a 16yrs old locally schooled HK student your English amazed me. Is not that DRAM is dead, it is simply Intel will be putting Memory Cube, or Stacked DRAM or TSV Memory what ever you wanted to call it in the CPU die itself. Stacked DRAM provides up to 1Tbit/s of bandwidth. More then the current Graphics Card has. As SSD gets faster every year, we need less memory to cache off the content where we used to need for performance reason from a HDD. With Windows 8 i have been using less then 4GB of Ram including standby, with Virtual Memory turned off. ( I have 16GB of Memory ). The future CPU die could easily stack 4 1Gbit DRAM with 8 layers of up to 4GB of Memory. Coupled with a SSD that goes up to 2GB/s transfer. Well we needed to define what bloated means. While we have always point to its size. Most of the time it is including too many things we dont need and want while the whole thing is slow and large in size. If the app with 10GB can open in less then a seconds then i dont think many would have complained. The problem is all these apps are getting slower, even with the Hardware performance improvement, and they take up valuable SSD space. iTunes is one hell of bloat. Because you simply dont use your Music Player to manage your iPhone! It simply does not make any sense. And telling casual users to install itunes is just making the problem even worst. The Sync Apps should be linked with your Media Player Library or Playlist. But it should not be the same app. As a matter of fact, get rid of Sync with iTunes and use iCloud instead. There are lots of bits and pieces in OSX that is showing its age. It wasn't much of a problem when Microsoft fail to make decent OS, and Google wasn't doing Android. Now Windows 8 has a shit UI but brilliant Internals, and Android is basically a Linux with cooperate backing. Apple seems to lack enough Software Engineers for an OS internal development. In my view only Route53 and DNSMadeEasy are worth looking at. Others are simply too expensive. Or in the case of CloudFlare it is very slow at times. DNSMadeEasy is one of the fastest DNS ( actually it is the fastest according to many test ) While being one of the cheapest option out there. They lack a few Advanced DNS features compared to others. But for Normal hosting most of the time you wont need to use it. Loads slow in Firefox. Sigh..... Thx, I hope this get pushed up to front page. And prove my comparative theory, Apple will know they happen to be good only because their competitors are bad. I think we need some rethinking into the whole mess of sync. It is not easier, even for some technically minded individuals. And may be someday Apple could charge $50 or more per iDevices and have iCloud Backup as standard. No more messing around with iTunes Sync. And my friends wont cry when her iPhone has been stolen and lost all the pucs she took over the years. This is equivalent of 360 for Russia? ( 360 is a browser in China derived from Chromium as well ) Using it for a few minutes, few things i really like. 1. Someone finally put the Refresh and Stop Button where it should be. Firefox actually had it during beta testing but they somehow decide to but it at the end of the Address bar instead. 2. The Graphics, Curve, Looks more like better then the comparatively toyish Chrome. 3. The Options have always belonged to the Tab Bar and not the address bar. To me i think that is the most logical place for it. 4. The New Tab drop page, I like it. But i am sure i have seen it somewhere else before. Opera? I cant remember. 5. Flash - Since Flash is only available in Chrome and not Chromium. I am not sure if Flash inside Yandex or any other Chromium derivative are using PPAPI or the old NPAPI. Anyone? 6. No, no tabs overflow...... So i am sticking with Firefox. Even the PDF is Foxit which means it is nearly the same as Chrome except for the UI. Arh. True i didn't notice it. But Once you click on the address bar it does show back its address. Not a bad thing i guess. Will need to use it more before i can draw conclusion. Wouldn't prefetching actually bumps up the page view? So say, every Android and iPhone Devices, and may be Windows Phone 8 will come with a default hidden VoIP inside, if it is collected using LTE it will use that instead, the data would then be discounted over in the Mobile Network. This to act as a temp solution until VoLTE comes. Like Jeremy Clarkson in Top Gear, How hard can it be? The article also fails to mention why VoLTE is hard and takes so long. It said many different network operator has many different implementations. And even if that is true there is only a handful of network provider these days that network operator uses, Errisson, Nokia-Simens, ZTE, Huawei, and i dont know who else. ( Samsung?? ) They had to test again 3 others. Again how hard could that be? Surely you would need energy to chilled the Air to Liquid? Exactly. I am guessing you would need at least 4 - 5 times the pageview/hr to handle a website with 375 Million PV/M load. Would the Final Name still be called Rust? Or is it a code name only? So with about the same CPU time, JRuby will use up to 100x memory in worst case? Anyway Ruby 2.0 is suppose to solve the Ruby is Slow problem. although i have yet to see any evidence that will the case. Sigh. Any performance and memory usage improvement benchmarks? I was hoping Ruby 2.0 will no longer be dog slow... It isn't even about identifying. Browett has to be one of the worst choice on the planet in terms of executive. I dont even know how he got into CEO of Dixon in the first place. Anyway all that is past, now that he is gone lets hope they either find someone great or simply promote what they already have. The problem is it took him too long to know this as a mistake. Exactly. I see nothing wrong or made up in that. All the presented information are facts. They are saying in a way, we lost, and here are the facts. In a case May be the the Judge should order the Prime Minister for an Public apology and if he does not like it, apologise until he likes? This is just stupid. And this isn't a Apple's is right or wrong issues with Samsung Copied or not either. Exactly. Exactly. Again i have difficulty understanding the notion behind it. You can rule, and fine, or what ever you want. But you cant force me to apologise or admit something that i do not believe in. Thanks, that is finally making some sense to me. I have been doing research on DNS for my project. And below are some of my findings / Opinions. I am not going to paid a large sums of money on DNS. And that rules out some of the options like Dyn. You want a 3rd Party DNS mainly because of HA and Speed. Route53 and OnApp hosting's DNS do really well, but they are slow in some areas. DNSMadeEasy was the best i could find, it doesn't have any PoPs in Asia areas, but other then that it is pretty much the fastest DNS services in US and EU. And it is surprisingly cheap as well for the low to Mid traffic. Expensive at the Higher End compared to Route53 but i guess it wouldn't matter much when you reach that sort of traffic. I would actually love to use CloudFlare, you get free DNS + analytics. For Personal site i think it is great. For anything business related i still have doubts. They have expanded quite lot of areas over the last 6 months. But last times i looked its speed aren't great compared to OnApp or Route53. Its downtime is also higher. Interesting, that is something i not think about much, any solution to that? Interesting that After all these years Compiler still haven't catch up with self written Assembly speed. Or is there some LLVM optimization not used yet? Comparatively how much memory was Node.js using? I am expecting some momentum too once Nginx and Redis Lua support both grow together. So Source 2 Vs Unreal 4 Vs CryEngine 4 And hopefully some MEGA Super Texture All artwork ID Engine 6. I still fail to understand why AWS is growing. It is slow and expensive. It may be useful, and a lot cheaper if you could plan the AWS with spot price, long term rental, and generally play the AWS game. May be someone should work on Ruby to Lua instead? Using Lua and LuaJIT as a underlying languages. Like Coffescript to Javascript. That would be a lot faster then working on Ruby VM. And since Ruby 2.0's VM is still as slow as hell compared to LuaJIT That is because the world hate GWAN, ( for some strange reason ) But i do hope GWAN takes off soon. Edit: Just a note that next official version of GWAN will be released in the next couple of weeks according to comments in Stackoverflow http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13286818/what-is-the-diff... I have been asking, and wondering why would anyone want to use AWS. It is insanely expensive. It is Slow on CPU, Slow on I/O, Low on Bandwidth, Low on memory, and Zero Support. Compared to many other alternatives that gives you 3 – 4 times the on all the above plus better support for the same price. Even their High CPU and Memory plan is still on the expensive side, only the High I/O SSD offers some value. AWS works great when you are in the mid range of expanding, then you can calculate your usage and book their server in advance using Reserved Instances. Instagram and Netflix as example. But that is hassle you have to put though, there are alternatives that are priced and perform just as well without using Reserved Instances. And once you got past the mid range, a managed dedicated server and some instant cloud severs should be much more cost effective. Apart from being forced by VC ( because they are heavily invested in Amazon ) i could not understand why startup are choosing AWS at all. I understand how Ruckus could be doing IPO. Since they actually solve the problem with too many WiFi connections going to single point. Problems we have seen in Hotels, and Apple Expo. etc How is Meraki different? Since Ruckus is a software + hardware solution. Arh. I should have written EC2. Sorry for the confusion. ( Will double check next time before i make a post ) I do realize there is other AWS services that are great and simple to use. But for hosting i dont think anyone should choose EC2. They are more like C+ with C++ minus a set of features. And there are those who write C style in C++ for various of reason. And everyone knew the huge amount of software in C++. Why the list? Yes but the info is very old. I wonder if Adobe is still using it and would provide some sort of update. No Lua IDE from them as they have half promised, or anything i have seen they contribute back to Lua. Was wondering if they were using LuaJIT as well. Yes, Rust is great, all the lessons learned what not to do with C++. I could only hope Rust is (still) just a codename..... Notable absent from that list is he fired Pat Gelsinger. Please just bring him back as CEO. Well no one on the ARM market other then AMD has the expertise in Server CPU. Nvidia may be able to do a very High Performance ARM CPU for HPC but it is completely different matter on Server. There will also be NAS, Small Server, etc and whole not of other market where a big name ARM player could help. Although most of that wont happen till 2015. I am not sure if there is enough time for AMD. And given the recent sales figures that 70-80% of CPU sales are coming from APU, the APU is rasiing, CPU is a shrinking business, it makes sense for AMD to consolidate and make that 80% better and slightly more profitable rather then trying to complete with an aggressive Intel. Speed and Memory usage. Both needs a huge improvement. And i could not understand why they are even trying with mRuby. ( I mean have they not heard of a thing called Lua and LuaJIT? ) Hopefully a lot of the tweaks and refinement will come from now to Final 2.0 release. I had yet seen any benchmarks of reviews of such indication. Ruby 2.0 is a tiny steps in performance and GC. It would be nice if you could point me to some resources. List of features still waiting for. Generational GC OMTC - Off main thread composition SuperSnappy - a mini e10s Support of H.264 Codec - aka playing H.264 using the codec that comes default in Windows Vista, 7 & 8. XP Users get fallback to Flash Four Big features, lets hope Mozilla will finish them off in 2013. I wonder how much more performance can we squeeze off from compiler. Since x86 had the advantage from years of tuning. But if a Ivy Bridge of upcoming Haswell was throw into the chart i guess ARM as a performance solution still has a long long way to go. Lotus Notes as an Email client sucks. And i am forced to use it in my company. I guess since i dont use it that way, Lotus Notes is a very powerful "platform", that allows you to create different things around it. Viewing as a application, it is just truly awful. The best thing i have read is that Notes will have a plug in ( Why Plugin ? ) for browsers that allows you to fully access all of its functionality. I hope the mail part could be used from browser without the plugin. That way i no longer have to fire up the slow and bloated application for what i consider a simple task of emailing. This article make an assumption about twitter, that it has a technological leads in scaling things and doing it at x message a minutes. I used to think that as well. Until i saw Weibo's numbers, which in terms of a message per minutes volume is much higher then twitter. So while web tech and scaling is hard, both are not fundamental problem to Apple's web tech. It properly has more to do with its internal culture on Web services. That is 6x improvement in speed. Why cant some of these become default? I think there is two problems with Apple in this case. 1. The Services Level shown is subpar compared to what it is in US. Most of the time we see good services, free exchanges and repaired are actually stories in US. Outside US customers are treated like a second class citizen. 2. The guy bought AppleCare for Christ Sake. Why not just replace it when it is a known issues with LG display type. Depends how many files you have, but for a general answer it should be 1. I have similar experience with CloudFlare. The Speed just isn't there. Most CDN perform MUCH better then them. I would love to pay to even get faster speed. But that is not the model they decided to work on. I hope they will have more speed improvement coming in soon. I would love to see how CloudFlare response to this. If they do. From my own testing Cloudflare definitely isn't the fastest CDN, but it has been improving since start of the year and now to an acceptable standard for a CDN. Especially it is free. Great, Sometimes i just wish Wordpress would officially support Postgre. I wonder why they NOT gave up the issues earlier at all. They were battling in my view as a lost battle before they start. I would be surprise if these new chips even comprise of more then 20% of the current total market shares. There are many who claimed to have Hardware Decode of Vp8 are actually not fully hardware accelerated. Then there was the quality issue. VP8 Sucks. It sucks less now but it is still inferior to x264 encodes. Then there were the cost benefits of converting to Vp8, no bandwidth saving, more storage cost, and other resources for converting its existing library of video FAR out weight the benefits of using a "not yet proven" patents free video which gives not quality or other improvement. Dont get me wrong, I am not against Vp8 or Patents Free Video Codec. But i am just being realistic here. It is going to be hard, but at least Opus has proven you can actually create Best of Current Audio Codec and patents free. And Mozilla are already working Daala ( Code Name, and i Hope it remains as a code name only ) aims to have superior performance to h.265. The name Safari is still one of those mystery to me, I like the name, and my guess it properly came from the idea of Navigation -> Compass - > Safari. Although i was expecting a post to truly reveal the mystery behind the reason for such a name. That is until BB works out a one click migration tool from GitHub to Grab those OpenSource Directly to BB. While they have definitely make jumps in their UI and UX. It is Definitely NOT on par with GitHub. And they didn't get rid of Ads. There are simply less of them. Not that i have a problem with earning money from Ads, but from a limited UI point of view we already have too many info we want and need. Has SourceForge done this years earlier it may still have a fighting chance against Github. Now the only contender left is BitBucket. You can win three times Lottery Jackpot and you still wouldn't create a damn thing that is anywhere near Apple's Product. Not that they are insanely great, but no one would put label them as cheap, crap or mindlessly crafted. And you can met Woz, but you would still have failed creating a company. And properly failed miserably. Steve Lived at the dawn of the personal computing age, and got kicked butt by IBM, M$ and Intel. Wow. Lucky He got kicked out of his own founding company. Extremely Lucky. There are properly some luck involved in every successful billionaires, Bill Gate for exmaple. But Steve, I would put him as the last one on the list. So Yes. It is a Sin. [x] Isn't is possible to have your code base compiled soly for AMRv8 and leave the baggage and compatibility behind in one or two revisions. I am guessing Apple may be able to pull this off with a pure ARMv8 advantage. I continue to hear how MIPS is still technically and architecture better then even the cleaner ARMv8. But they never succeed. So how an ISA succeed depends on a lot of other factors/ Isn't it possible to have a Pure ARMv8 SoC? And leave all the old things behind? (The "cost structure" of the company is built to support much higher margin chips.") That is where you got it completely wrong. Intel can produce ARM based SoC that earns nearly the same margin as they are currently selling their CPU. Not to mention you keep referencing x86 and Intel as the same thing. As the way they are and for the foreseeable future. I could literally bet anything that Intel wont die. Simply because Intel could still be the BEST Fab player you could ever imagine. In terms of State of Act Fabs, they beat TSMC, UMC, GF, and Samsung Combined! And Intel aren't dumb either, that have the best of the best Fab Engineers. And the Resources and R&D that is put now for the coming 3 - 5 years in the future. So Intel wont die. x86? That depends. If you look at the die shot of SoC you will notice CPU are playing less and less part in die areas. It used to be 50+%, Now it is less then 30%. CPU, or ISA is becoming less important. You will need a combination of CPU, GPU, Wirless, I/O and other things to succeed. If you think of Linux Kernel Development as a company then i see nothing wrong with that. In the eyes of CEO, one of his SVP did something totally unacceptable by SVP standard. Atom SoC NEVER cost close to $100. And it doesn't cost $40 now either. What you are talking about is the Desktop Atom. Which is different to Mobile / Tablet Costing. I dont think anyone should doubt Intel's Enginerring Power to bring Power and Performance Level unseen before to SoC market. The only problem is Margin and Price. Who these should work out are remain to be seen. Well it is not very new as it has been discussed for a while. But at least now more people knows about it. But as the recent Reference Implementation has shown H.265 is moving ahead faster then the previous H.264 has happened. Its quality is already quite good, and many manufacturers are ready to show their Encoder and Decoder in CES. So for both Software and Hardware Encoder, they are waiting for the final draft and final validation before making them for sale. VP9 is finally shaping up to be good. VP8 was never up to x.264 encoder standard. At least VP9 is making some quality improvement. But most of the current VP9 material just reads like marketing BS. While i would love to see Daala, or a codec from Mozilla rather then Google to succeed. It is just not going to happen. Mozilla has never been known for fast moving, and the amount of engineering required for a Video Codec is just huge. Even Google couldn't pull it off. And i doubt Mozilla can. Since Daala is still in research stage and it would take at least 2 year before anything done. By the time H.265 is already well ahead. I have absolutely ZERO knowledge on Enterprise Networking. But it strikes me that something as dump as Router, Switches or Network Equipment are still so unstable. A Hypothetical questions, why not something a 8 ARM 64 bit core Linux computer as switches? Making more logic resides in software instead? I am going to ask a honestly stupid question. What is going to happen to ZFS? Sorry if this is Slightly off topic. Although the comments has already started discussing on it. The OpenSource version of it, or the BSD version of it is only up to v28. And it seems after that Oracle is no longer putting out update as open source and what will happen after that? Disparity between Oracle version and BSD version? And are features still being developed? Most of limitation listed in Wiki hasn't change at all for the past years and are still listed as under development. And that pretty much concludes the article? Serving Cached Dynamic Site with CDN and Static Site with CDN should have the same speed assuming CDN is the same. Which make this speedtest a little point less no? Same here, Firefox 19 Uhm... That is what is happening in Japan. But Not in China. I looked up its performance in ServerBear, In terms of SSD Host, IOPS is not that great. Bandwidth is also low. Both not much of problem since you are very unlickly to saturate those numbers in low end host. UnixBench is the problem I see. I would like to see higher Plans benchmarks. As we all know unmetered bandwidth, SSD, CPU Core are all meaningless. You could have a 1Mbps Port, Only tiny share of SSD Speed ( Are they RAID SSD ? ), Overselling of CPU resources etc. They should have at least had a a announcement mailing list for me to enter.... While i am a Mozilla Fans, i hate to admit it is just not a well run company. Are there like many of these floating around? It seems like We get a "Like Bootstrap" every week or so. Ink, http://ink.sapo.pt/index.php Didn't even got to frontpage two weeks ago. And possibly many others. Few Points. 1. To the Post above on VP8 better then x264. Comparing a single frame, single video, single....? isn't very detail. VP8 has improved A LOT!. That is true. But as far as i am concern and many other video encoder it is also true that it hasn't match x264 yet. 2. VP9 is great! It has matched and in many case even exceed x264 quality. Although there would still be areas where x264 perform better simply because it is much more mature. 3. So given more time VP9 will very likely beat x264 quality. It is only with 10% range of HEVC / h.265 JM, under benchmarks. So it will very likely beat that too. 4. Do bare in mind JM is reference encoder. So it does not in anyway show the full potential of h.265 as a codec. While VP9 is itself the standard and the best encoder available. If you look at the difference between h.264 JM and x264. I will argue it is very likely x265 ( If DS decide to do it ) will still be better then VP9. 5. Daala... as much as i love Mozilla, knowing their pace of work and Daala's current condition, expect it to compete with h.266 or VP10. 6. Patents are not evil. Patents Trolls are. I would rather want Tab Overflow in Chrome. But They already dismissed that. That is why i am staying with Firefox. "While I'd love a patent- and royalty-free video format to offer the highest quality compression you can find, I wouldn't hold my breath for one." I wonder why couldn't they allow software usage ( Encoder and Decoder ) to be free. And only collect royalty on Hardware, and Industry Production use. I think there is also Public Domain. Which has Zero Clauses. But I also think there were issues with Public Domain isn't exactly a licenses and acceptable in every country. Yes. I have always wanted to ask. So what is the difference between BSD and MIT? Well that is not really a problem with Node itself. Are there any framework like Rails for Node? Then makes ( or try to make ) all the best options for you? Yes. The problem is, there are two screen size for iMac, Macbook Pro, Macbook Air and iPad. And yet they only have 1 for iPhone. I dont agree with different product line either. But Just 1 more, 1 more larger screen size. There are a world of people who NEEDS to use their both hand anyway. ( As the article points out, those who actually needs to write their languages instead of typing it. ) 1.Hong Kong never was, and never will be the trend setter. Dont know who make this BS up but he properly dont have a clue about the Region. And neither Singapore will. 2. The Point about Chinese Writing and Video are mostly true. As a Phone, and purely as a phone it is rather hard to argue about the quality iPhone offers. Indeed Single Handed operation is important if not the most important factor. However these days they aren't using it as a phone anymore. Phone has neglect into a relatively 2nd class function. The region ( I mention the region as CJK, and some other countries close by; ) uses Whatsapp, ( or other type of IM that most of US and EU users never heard of ) more to communicate then calling. While it is extremely popular to use iMessage in US and EU. This isn't the case there. Writing, ( Specific to Chinese, since Japaness and Korean has a comparatively simpler and default input method ) is harder on a iPhone with a smaller screen. Since IM is used more often then Calls this create another barrier for users compared to a larger screen, and much better selection of input method on Android devices. The Video Part as well. Compared to US and EU users. CJK regions are very used to Subtitle. ( Yes even the video is in their own languages. And of coz all the Hollowood movies will have subtitle as well ) Now imagining watching Video on iPhone compared to a Wider devices with Subtitle. The Subitle would have taken significant amount of space. 3. It is hard to explain the Korea Pop to everyone. KARA, Super Junior or Girls Generation. If you dont know them dont worry. You properly know Psy from Gangnam Style. The pop culture, mixing in the 10 times more advertising budget from Samsung compared to Apple. It is not hard to understand why these are more popular region where K-POPs are hot. But knowing Apple. Chances of Releasing a bigger iPhone is slim or next to zero. I was hoping they release a 3.8" and 4.34" with iPhone 5. But Since they took the 4" size that is likely to be the case in the foreseeable future. And even if they did release a bigger screen size version. It properly wont be called an iPhone then. Exactly... >>Having been a professional software engineer (C++, Java, assembly code, drivers, compression, encryption, threading, server code) for 25 years, and having used Macs since they first appeared back in the early 1980’s, I have a long and deep perspective on the evolution of Mac OS X (now just “OS X”). I expect A LOT more then that is that is really what he did. Something ( Plant? ) That could take Solar Energy within the desert and turn into a Liquid Fuel ( Diesel ? ), that could be refined ( using the electricity from the Desert ) into usable fuel in today's Diesel or Patrol Engine, without emitting any ( or most ) of the harmful substance that we current do. That would be the best of best Fuel type, require no change of Engine in Planes and Cars. But still as clean. Of Coz i am only dreaming of one. Route 53 is slow ( For a paid solution ). At least when i tested it. It you are doing to use a Third Party DNS that you paid you are either going with the best ones or ones that are good enough like OnApp Anycast DNS. Well Gelsinger and Meyer are both already well known for anyone who has followed anything slightly in CPU world. I would be more interested to know insider story why Gelsinger left, or pushed out. Facts: For $40 Dollar you get a 4GB Droplet from DO, not 2GB, So you actually get 4x the memory. And yes their Networking isn't that great. Yes. But you are not comparing a hosting company to hosting company. In the above example, Linode Win hands down. DO just need to improve on their Networking. ( But i guess you get what you paid for ) It depends. Some people get a decent speed in both DC. Some dont. For a hosting company you want most people to be in the great speed camp, and good speed for the rest. I suggested to remove I/O in Unixbench on WHT, is that still being considered? During my resrach for performance / $ I recently discovered a host specialise in Minecraft hosting that offers one of the best performance for its price. Check Out Simplenode. ( I am not related to them in anyways ) Rackspace Cloud is the next poorest performing and most expensive VPS next to AWS EC2. And even though Rackspace calls its VPS cloud it isn't cloud at all. But Unlike AWS where you get all the other AWS features and services via API and a half decent price if you play their reserve pricing and bid game. Rackspace has NONE. That is because there are a lot more people using 4G in Japan then HK. Which only recently rolled out. Would asm.js reduce JS memory usage? Would non computational scripts benefits from this? Things that are widely used like jQuery. Sounds like Cheap and Powerful, So what is stopping this from mass production? My Phone could help with a charging time of less then a minutes!. Would love to see the updated test once Ruby 2.0 is out in a few days time. Still waiting for Ruby 2.0 Benchmarks I wish Github would bring back the download binaries feature, at least provide it as a Pay option to pay for the bandwidth. I agree. I would love to see some article on What TurboLinks actually breaks and How to avoid it. As much as the world love JS and Client Side Rendering. My Experience is that most of these people are either designing it with Chrome in Mind ( And hell yes they are ) or People using other browsers with a single tab at a time. ( Tell me if any single developer test their website in a Multi Tab environment ) Having JS heavy web page will slow down the browsers. That even includes Chrome, you just need a larger number of tabs. On Firefox a few JS heavy site with a slow computer will make your site experience sucks. Although not a single user would blame the site ( It is always the browsers' fault. ) but to me, most of the time, the less JS the better. Discourse is pretty fast, but to say 300K zipped JS file is peanuts just doesn't cut it for me ( How about 100K? That is peanuts. ) And again, slow JS execution and loading is something i have zero control of. I am a Firefox users so this is not coming from a bashing Firefox POV. I could open 100 - 200 Tabs in Firefox without problem if i disable Javascript and all Add on. As soon as you have some heavy JS usage website, even 50 Tabs can slow down the UI. This is on Quad Core Ivy and 8GB Ram with SSD. The amount of JS on one website now is getting insane. Chrome have similar problem as well like the OP have said. Just a different one. So it is not FUD at all. I actually think that is where the path we should go, Hybrid of both tech. Serving the initial view with HTML and the rest via client side JS. I continue to ask what the big deal? Remote work doesn't work for everyone and every company. That is a hard fact. And Yahoo decided not to do it. ( For a lot of reasons only they would know ) And yet the internet is making a big fuss about it. Great, would this be available on Desktop too? Why would someone sign up for VPN when they could have set up the same thing with a much cheaper VPS? Anyway i am currently looking for something similar to Amazon silk and Opera Turbo, where the server downloads the page, compress it and send it back to you. Extremely useful for low bandwidth connection, as well as providing half of the VPN function. Does anyone know of software / scripts / services that are available? That is the first time i have heard this as well. Thanks for the Link. So anyone know what is the services credit for 1 Min of downtime? Um, You could have go with a Akamai Reseller instead? Like Rackspace Cloud? The same goes for EdgeCast, Mediatemple, GoGrid, etc are resellers. Somebody pointed out about the CNAME available on Cloudflare. I never knew that and i checked out the article. The First paragraph: "CNAME setup is a manual process generally available to paid CloudFlare plans only. If you are interested in testing CNAME setup, please contact CloudFlare first with the domain you would like to test CNAME with. Please specifically mention CNAME Setup in the subject field for faster review. Allowing for CNAME setup is entirely at the discretion of CloudFlare." So NO: This isn't even a features at all. They made it as hard as possible to set this up and will grant you the use of it as they like. Yeah i wish someone could crowd source a project so Mike could spare 20% of his time on RubyVM. I wonder if the Engine behind it is Open Source or could we use this services from other browsers like Firefox? This is beneficial for Getting pass Firewall restriction, from China Firewall to Office Internal Firewalls. Speed up Internet connection, especially in places where the shared internet is extremely slow. ( Office or Public Computers ) While i am already using my own VPN for this purpose. It is much slower compared to a normal internet collection if your VPS is not located close to you. I wanted, MacPro in Cube Shape. Dual CPU ( Not Xeon Only, ) and up to 64GB of Memory, Dual Geforce GTX Titan, Dual Thunderbolt, SSD in Raid. Because the Margin of SSD and Geforce GTX is much larger, Apple could make their own SSD and Buying Geforce GTX Titan at discount price. Making the New MacPro as similar pricing if you have built it up yourself. No Love for Lua and LuaJit. Finally, i hope this makes Lua much more widespread. Not that i hate these tools, but how much would this bloat up the browser? ( I am guessing they are less then a few MBs on installation size or download size? ) Exactly what is in my Mind, an Intel DC SSD Cache in between would be a much better option. Or In fact ANY SSD Cached solution. HDD just dont hold up any more. Even if they are Enterprise HDD with 2x Cache and 2x Port Speed. Exactly my thoughts. The Ivy E5 is just so much better in Power/Performance. I dont understand why they need to update now, not Earlier or later. Because you are not looking at the right place. Even OVH sells much cheaper Dedicated Servers then what you get in Softlayer. What about Pjax, Russian Doll Caching, Ruby 2.0 etc? I still dont get the drift about Ruby being fast enough. Ruby is slower then CPython, PyPy, Lua, LuaJit, and literally majority of other popular dynamic scripting languages. The argument that keeps being throwing up is that It is fast enough for most ( actually only for Rails related ) things and is mostly limited by SQL, but that is like saying my Toyota Prius is fast enough since the high way speed is limited anyway. I meant most of the complain aren't really about Ruby getting LuaJit speed ( is that even possible? ) or JS V8 engine. Just at least it is on par with Python ( not talking about PyPy either ) I am still thinking since the files stored on Hipchat are public ( with a long and hard to guess URL ). What are HN's take on this? On the Note of Node.js, i was wondering if there will ever be a Node.js based on IonMonkey + Baseline Compiler instead of V8. Lose Interest in ZFS when dev is pretty much stopped. I am looking forward to DragonFly HAMMER 2 off topic: Any update on Servo? And its license? ( I hope its not MPL and instead Rust like MIT license and the Apache License ) Well there are many host that does this. Dediserve for example. But most of these Host are comparatively more expensive. Interesting it is working for me. I am still waiting for Linode to React. At the moment i am still trying to find a host that sit somewhere in the middle between DO and Linode. Slightly Off Topic: Wasn't Rust suppose to be the codename or working name of the languages. Or Has Mozilla decide to simply use Rust as its official name? I am actually surprise this pieces was written by Brendan, given the way Mozilla has been moving lately with asm.js, PDF.js and Shumway which is like Flash.js; It wouldn't be surprise if their Next Goal were to built the Entire ( or Most of ) Browser with Javascript. I am surprised that Samsung decide to help. Which basically reads to me as relationship with Google is going pretty bad or they are simply hedging their bet. It was only earlier today I posted that Yahoo should also have a few engineers helping Mozilla to develop Servo. And i really really hope Servo is licensed like Rust, Dual MIT + Apache 2.0 You have no idea what you are talking about. Some are true, but most are over the top. Not really.. https://attractivechaos.wordpress.com/2013/04/06/performance... Well yes please do this, not sure if it is allowed though since Oj gem is written in C ( I think ) no one mentioned this at all? just to be reminded that linode is unmanaged host. You dont even get 1670, most got a 2650L which is actually 2.0Ghz only. Apple makes money on both hardware and software. So while all those manufacture have to pay for its OS ( Windows ) to M$, Apple gets those themselves as well with MacOS. Which is why Apple is much more profitable when you are discounting Microsoft from that equation. And If you are talking about Hardware, ( which by the way includes both component inside and exterior as well ), please makes an proper comparison before jumping in to say they are insanely expensive. While i am not saying that they are not, it is not a huge difference as some have put it. so they have completely ditch Rails and Ruby? The following has nothing against or for Steve ( which every comment seems to be focus on ), but a matter of opinion on the problem. So she has a problem with THE highest chain of Command cutting her across the queue for lunch? May be i am the only one who dont see a problem with that. ( If everyone higher up then you would cut queues then i would have a fxxking problem. ) Engineering Project Manager - I am not very good at those inflated Titles. ( So what's higher up? Senior VPs? ) But that title suggested to me she is responsible, whether or not some Jerks up there gave Steve a suck up or not. MobileMe was a disaster. To me it was even worst then the Map problems Apple have had. As an Engineering Project Manager, By letting it out, knowingly this is Apple, which holds an even higher standard then other company. Did she have a go at Steve or higher up about the launch? Because if not, then she didn't burn the bridge, someone burnt it for her already. I am risking myself getting insanely downvoted for writing this. But I hope it at least gets some of the attention. I really hope the Ruby Communities do actually admit Ruby is Slow. Because until you actually admit there is a problem, there will never be any notion of wanting to fix it. Most of the time, they will come up with Rails Examples or serving dynamic web pages, and the bottleneck being in Database. And the higher amount of request you get, you can solve it with caching. This is, in my view a very limited scope of Ruby usage. They deny any wrong doing of Ruby, suggesting it is a dynamic languages, and it's wrong comparing to a compiled languages, or the algorithm are done wrong. They keep suggesting under xxx usage, Ruby is fast enough to get the job done. Then there is the argument of throwing more money and hardware to grow and scale. But the truth is most of time Ruby will require more then a few dedicated servers to keep going. While it is not as drastic as the iron.io 28 to 1, but for startup lowering running cost is important too. Then there is this arguments comes up which i hated most. You are not going to worry about the need of that many servers, or scaling that needs to change to another languages unless you are AirBnb, Twitter etc..... I mean what? I am sorry i may not have worded it correctly but most of the time those read like you are never going to be successfully that you are very unlikely to have to worry about. Performance is important!. And for most this isn't about pushing it to Javascript V8 or insane 1000x programmer Mike did with LuaJIT. It is just Ruby should have a more respectable performance VM. While Ruby is designed to make programmers happy, I am pretty sure there are many aren't happy with its basic performance. The problem was PHP and Python are slow too, and yet they are still faster then Ruby. And not to mention there are many other implementation of the two that gets them further along. So if Ruby was 1x, and PHP / Python are 1.5x, there are things that can get the last two to 3 - 4x. While Ruby is still just there, 1x. ( Numbers are for explanation only ). I really wish more resources were pour into Rubinius. Well it wasn't long ago that JS, arguably the most used dynamic languages gets GGC. And that was less then 5 years ago, and it was a Stop the World GC until less then 2 years ago updated to Incremental. While Mozilla's has had incremental for a year and are still working on Generational Collector. The point is, apart from Java which gets many cooperate backing, even the most widely uses programming languages only recently had a decent enough GC implementation. As much as i hate this slow progression, most VM still dont have GGC as default at all. It would properly take two months, which is properly optimistic, they would get it done in four months instead. And JC got it done in 4 days.... This isn't 10x programmer anymore, this is 30x!!