That problem of "negative moves" is solved by the Chinese rules. A point is scored under them for each surrounded intersection plus each stone on the board. So you can defend any supposed weakness without losing points (you still lose sente and points if you needlessly defend when the score is not settled yet). You can even reduce your territories to two eyes each if you feel like. By the way, the Chinese rules let solve neatly all those cases handled by special rules in the Japanese rules. The bent four in the corner is the most notable one. Playing it out with the Chinese rules is a neat explanation why that corner is defined to be dead: the surrounding player defends any weakness without losing points and starts the ko. The other player has no ko threats and dies. Those defensive moves lose points under the Japanese rules so they have to make a special rule for that shape and many others. The only problem with the Chinese rules is that scoring takes longer and completely destroy the shape of the game: you fill in the territory of one player, take out the other's stones and count by grouping the stones in convenient shapes. Furthermore if you want to count during play you must remember how many stones have been captured because prisoners are returned to their bowl and are not stored in plain view (the score penalty is paid by not having those stoned on the board). Japanese rules are a shortcut that makes scoring easy but the tradeoff is the dictionary of special cases at the end of the game. I did something similar more than 20 years ago using Prim's algorithm for the minimal spanning tree. Spanning trees are not the most efficient way to generate a maze but I was studying CS and the maze generation was a good incentive to actually translate the textbook pseudocode into actual C (without the ++). I didn't do the fancy tree animation but you'll excuse me as all I had was a 80x25 ASCII terminal so it was probably a 40x12 maze :-) However I added a nethack style @ character and the hjkl keys to move from the entrance to the exit in the shorter time plus a leaderboard shared across all the users of our Unix system. Our terminals had a repeat key (i.e. keys didn't autorepeat, you had to press the repeat key as if it were a shift to make a key repeat) and that added to dexterity required to go through the maze quickly. The fastest time was in the 5-6 seconds range. I'm afraid the source algorithm has been lost on some tape long ago. HP Zbook 15 with Ubuntu here. Boot to an empty desktop: 15 seconds, typing the password included. I timed that days ago out of curiosity. Resume from suspend to RAM: maybe 2 seconds to the password prompt, plus all my programs are open and in the state I left them before suspending. I never tried hybernating to disk but I bet moving 16 GB of RAM back and forth to disk wouldn't be as fast, even to SSD (I got a dual disk system SSD+HD). I had enough syntax errors appearing after a copy and paste that ended up with difficult to spot unaligned code that I decided to use Python only for little scripts and when I'm forced to use it and nothing else would do. The problem with Python is that editors don't have hints to autoalign the code for us. Same problem with templating languages like HAML and Slim which, oh the irony, were born for Rails. Nevertheless many people like Python and it's growing strong (maybe stronger as system/desktop language than for the web) so those problems of mine are not as big as I feel they are. But how do you survive to them or make them not happen? I'm sincerely interested. I agree. go: about 2,550,000,000 results. go language: about 3,630,000,000 results. golang: about 1,950,000 results. I wish the poster published the Google query strings he used because I get very different results. Examples: gorest: 984,000 results vs 6580 in the post. ruby on rails: 11,900,000 vs 258,000. Unfortunately I couldn't find the news in English so I posted the link to google translate. A video with Italian audio is a http://vimeo.com/95952928 You can see how the holographic system looks like. A demo at 0:00, another one at 1:20 (the guy is remote there, the girl local). Skip to 4:00 for what looks like to be a different kind of hardware. We're at Ruby 2.1.x and every single gem I used in the past six months has been ported to it. I use Ruby only for Rails so I might be seeing a small environment, but it's 96 gems in the project I have in my editor right now. There are still many new projects in Ruby. I probably make half of my income with them. I agree with you, as a Ruby developer I'm not blown over when I see Python. I shake my head instead and I try to explain why. All those __method__ and all those mandatory (). The : at the end of lines. Can't the parser know when it's over like Ruby does? An else: on a line of itself is a very odd sight. And why must you have built-in functions and methods mixed into the language? Yes len(), I'm looking at you. I won't even enter into the religious war about semantic spaces, because that's a different story. It might be surprising to many, but Python feels like C to me. Maybe that's why it's popular as a system language. making people feel at home helps. Another reason of its success might be that it is a simpler C so it got many developers coming from C like languages (Java and PHP among the others). As a rubyist I feel as Guido made all sort of wrong decisions while designing Python but as Matz said "I tried to make Ruby perfect for me, but maybe it's not perfect for you. The perfect language for Guido van Rossum is probably Python." So everybody is happy and I think that the news about the demise of Python are greatly exaggerated. It's here to stay for the good and for the bad. I install rvm on my production boxes as explained at https://rvm.io/ then I put .ruby-version and .ruby-gemset files in the application directory to select the interpreter and the gemset (I might need to have different applications running - especially on staging machines). Finally I use bundle and a Gemfile. It's pretty easy. You got another answer suggesting rbenv which is also fine. Car engines are in liters over there I think. On the other side, TVs are in inches all around the world. > what common thing weighs a kg? Everything at 1 kg just seems to be too heavy I'm back from a mall so... 1 l of water is 1 kg. 1 l of wine too, for any practical purpose. Water is usually sold in 1 l bottles or 500 ml in restaurants and automatic machines. Pasta is usually sold in 500 g or 1k g boxes. Milk, sugar, flour and salt too. Oil and vinegar are usually 1 l. Butter is usually 250 g or even 125 g for smaller doses. Sure not many items seem to weight more than 1 kg but weight your clothes, you'll be surprised how heavy winter clothes are :-) Basically everything is priced either by the kg or by the liter (vegetables, cheese, meat, beverages, toothpaste, etc). It's required by law so we are able to compare different products of the same kind and different weight and get the better deal, quality aside. Obviously the label has a bigger figure for the price of the item than for the price by the kg. As you see, whatever the units are they a convenient for everyday use because all the economic and legal system is consistent with them. A transition in a country as large as the USA would be bumpy. I'd like to see it happen before I die but I won't bet anything on it, not until they are surpassed by some other country as the leader of the world. After that there might be some real economic incentive to a switch. Great, maybe it will spread to other countries :-) Actually I'd like to see the actual width of the screen (bezel included) rather than the diagonal, which is pretty useless. It's to the width that I've been looking at recently when I wanted to know which TV fits into the space I have for it. I started using vi in 1987 and switched to emacs in 1991. The macro recorder sold the editor to me. Then I scripted everything I could (I have fond memories of a mail client call vm) and eventually forgot most of elisp in the 2000's. I still use vi (vim, actually) when I ssh to servers for quick editing local configuration files. I agree that command composability and . (don't forget the dot command) are great and I sometimes miss them in emacs, especially the dot command which is like automatically defining a macro for the last command and running C-x e with a single keypress. I think this might be the defining tract of vi as much as ESC and command composability. All considered I still prefer emacs to the vastly improved vim we have nowadays. I just don't want to have to press ESC all the time before moving to another place in the edit buffer. I wonder if somebody could come out with a great idea for merging the two paradigms in some natural way. I'd love to have both emacs and vi in the same editor. There isn't enough cash to do that. Quoting http://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/money/aggregates/aggr/html/in... (tab Background) "M1 is the sum of currency in circulation and overnight deposits;". From http://sdw.ecb.europa.eu/reports.do?node=1000003478 on April 2014 we had M1 = 5,498.8 billions Euro Banknote circulation data at http://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/euro/circulation/html/index.e... Banknotes: 948 billions Euro Coins: 24 billions Euro (*) One of the reasons is the mandatory minimum reserve. Check this http://www.ecb.europa.eu/mopo/implement/mr/html/index.en.htm... I remembered that reserve existed but I'm a noob at finance so I'm pretty sure there are more important reasons. You're not alone on that side. Every service must have its own user/password. Single sign on with fb/g+/etc is convenient but it is good especially for those companies. I run it in the Tint browser on Android and got Hacker News plus a few false positives, sites I never heard about and never been at (maybe some images included in other sites?). I got a much longer list of sites in Dolphin but that's my main Android browser. Again, many unknown sites but I can't remember or notice any random link I touch. I tried again with Chromium on Linux and got the cannot calibrate message. Firefox is my main browser and is not supported, luckily, let me add :-) I got one and I'm starting to experiment. I discovered that soldering can be a problem. First, I had to buy a solder. Second, physics is merciless and a mistake can toast your card (didn't happened to me yet) vs the run-fail-debug loop we're used to in sw development. Anyway, some hw modules have been tested with Espruino and the web site explains how to use them. My understanding is that you can plug almost anything into it, you just (!) have to know its specs and how to wire it to the board. It's not built-in but the Stylish extension does that. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tactile_paving For any project worth talking about Sinatra is too skinny. Basically you have to hack your routing in about the same way you do with Node's Express, enumerating the bindings between routes and methods. Obviously there are clever ways to do it but you end up reimplementing the resourceful routes of Rails. Another problem is that you really want to use ActiveRecord to access the database. Anything else it too painful. So you end up creating AR models and you have to manually include them. Finally there are views. I won't even enter into that. Soon you end up with a worse engineered Rails. I've been using Sinatra only for serving API requests for small projects. I won't touch it for anything else. Rails has http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionController/Streamin... which I never used. It seems that Lotus::Live isn't ready yet. I can't find any docs for it so I don't know how they compare. Could you point me to an URL. Thanks. The syntax is better than the CommonJS one. Check the side by side comparison at http://jsmodules.io/cjs.html However CommonJS is here now and JS engines might take a while to implement the new syntax. Example: the => (which is in the same ES6 draft) works in FF since version 22 and not in V8 yet. http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=harmony:specification... The problems I experienced with TDD in Rails applications (it's about the only way I'm using Ruby) didn't derive from object orientation or dynamic typing. They came from time and money constraints, especially in those one hour or one day rushes to get a new small functionality into the code base and deliver it into production. If a company has an internal development staff the technical debt can be repaid later on. If a company works with consultants paid by the hour, there might be never enough money to do it. An application with reasonable test coverage can quickly turn into an application with 100% broken tests and weeks of work to fix them all. But this isn't about Ruby or OO, it's about customers and the amount of money they want to spend no matter how good you are at explaining them what's happening to their software. I have a Rails 3.2/Ruby 1.9.3 application that will be hard to port to Rails 4/Ruby 2.1 because of that. The point of the original post could be that writing that application in Haskell would require less work on tests so we could have less technical debt by now. Maybe. But when integration tests break (originally run with Selenium) because the UI changed so much and there are many new functionalities to test, I don't think the language can help. It's back to having enough budget. I suggest bashmarks http://www.huyng.com/projects/bashmarks/ to bookmark directories and jump there with a quick command. I also like to alias ..="cd .." and alias ...="cd ../.." to quickly navigate up. For immediate satisfaction you might search history map of the world on YouTube. There are plenty of videos. At the other extreme you might buy an historical atlas. In between there are sites like http://www.chronoatlas.com/ Fake players are not necessarily a bad thing. You don't have to program them to fix the game as the company pling worked for did. You can make them perform as average players or even weak ones (so you have many winning and happy real players). You decided to openly advertise them as NPCs and that's ok but you might have just hinted about their nature. Plenty of games have bots and NPCs. Actually, up to the time of Internet games everybody played against bots all the time and the end level bosses were usually very strong. Nobody complained (too much) about it. Installed, started. xiki status says it's running but I'm back in my usual shell and nothing works any different. No mouse interaction like in the video. Maybe I'm missing something obvious, maybe the tutorial (Where is it?) or is it an OSX only thing? I'm on Linux. I started the web interface, used it to hook xiki to emacs, restarted emacs and run into the unfixed "error: el4r-instance is dead" bug. I stopped using xiki. Maybe I'll give it a try when I'll have time to investigate but it's 2014. There are too many tools battling for mindshare and if something doesn't have a good tutorial and doesn't work out of the box isn't giving a good signal. The first commit in git is from 2008. https://github.com/trogdoro/xiki/commits/master?page=17 From http://www.linux.com/learn/tutorials/778419-meet-xiki-the-re... it turns out than "Craig Muth, has been working on Xiki for ten years". Maybe not a mature project but not an early stage one. The TC post includes this quote from Xiki's author. "If this campaign succeeds, the money will let me dedicate the time needed to bring this next, drastically improved, version of Xiki to the world." Apparently he's looking for about one year's worth of money to work full time on Xiki. Why he didn't do that before, I don't know and it doesn't matter much. But using Kickstarter he's able to be very specific about what one should expect to get as a reward. Example: 35 $ buy a t-shirt and 10 votes for vim or sublime support, no specific features. 2k $ buy a command for your company. He writes "See the Twilio command in the video for an example". So it's true that if you donate a lot you get more. If only companies from a specific domain fund Xiki it could turn out to be a very domain specific shell. However being strong on a vertical market could be a nice strategy. Unfortunately it's out of Xiki's control. Yes, and more than that: he didn't know what Google Map is. He is 74 and can be excused for that. Fast forward ourselves into our 70+: how many new things we won't know or care about then? Thank you for that link. I finally understood why Guido added the colon before an indented block (second paragraph). It's not needed by the parser, it's only to make it easy for programmers to understand that a block is about to start. Actually: "after early user testing without the colon, it was discovered that the meaning of the indentation was unclear to beginners". So it's aimed to beginner programmers . That's why Guido inflicted that useless and silly looking colon to all of us. How about making it optional in future? Ruby is perhaps more dominant than Python in web development. Not that Rails is necessarily better than Django, but it seems there are more Rails developers than Django ones. However Ruby seems to be pretty much confined to web development and deployment tools. It also makes great DSLs thanks to its block syntax. However in general Python is more popular than Ruby. One reason is that Python is used for system programming (e.g: the Linux apt system), desktop applications, big data (thanks to numpy) so you might find it a better investment for general purpose software development. Another reason, which maybe explains the first one, is that Python looks more similar to C++/Java. Basically it's a simplification of those languages (the {} pair traded for a single colon, no type declarations, etc) plus some handy shortcuts. Ruby is from a somewhat different lineage (Smalltalk) and it shows in many places (e.g. the do |variable| ... end blocks). It can be used to write more natural language looking programs and combining that with some metaprogramming sometimes both amazes and unsettles programmers that come close to the language for the first time. I suggest that you learn a little of both of them, working on the problem you want to solve, and decide by gut feeling what you would like to work with. I went the Ruby way because I can't stand some of the syntax of Python, not that Ruby is perfect. I don't disable JS in the browser preferences. I use FF with No Script to enable it selectively for only the sites and the functionality I need. Example 1: HN needs JS only for voting so I don't enable it here unless I want to vote a post or a comment. However HN's JS is trivial and can be easily inspected so I might want to enable it permanently as well. Example 2: YouTube requires JS from 6 domains but I can keep four of them disabled and still be able to view videos. I really don't need googlesyndication.com, plus.googleapis.com and googletagservices.com (among the other things I'm missing comments but who cares). Some of them are probably just spyware. I also don't need google.com but Google Maps don't work without it so I probably already enabled it before going to YouTube. Example 3: TechCrunch is a nightmare of nested JS requires. However I can read it without enabling any JS and it's also much faster to load. If your site is (example) an Angular single page application I'll probably enable enough JS to make it move and check it out. If there are so many JS dependencies that I can't find the right combination and I see JS coming from well known spyware domains I might decide to skip that site completely. There are sites like that. If I'm really interested I fire up Chrome and give them a try in there. Actually, I might install the new Opera only for using it as a honeypot for that kind of sites. Nice effort but bad idea: leave the number at the left and the number for the points. The visual icons don't give the same amount of information. Well, we can't have only two phone manufacturers with their own OS, Apple with maybe 3 different aspect ratios and Google with another two or three. Everybody wants its share of the cake so we'll inevitably end up with many different screens and OS, basically how it has been until 2007. I prefer to have designers and developers clever enough to adapt to variable aspect ratios on two OS than an ecosystem fragmented into a zillion of technologies. I think we've been lucky. The replay button of The Fifth Element trumps that, but it's not available yet http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7wOX2WqbXE Maybe I misunderstood your comment but parent was about Aliens, this is about The Fifth Element. Different movies different fictional weapons. TFE's one is more fictional. A smart watch no. A smart wearable maybe, but definitely not attached to my wrists. It's too uncomfortable (25 years since I wore a watch) and monitoring my vitals doesn't matter to me, maybe when I'll be old. Probably I could use a wearable computing device attached to my cloths. By the way, most cloths have been presciently engineered to hold those devices. They have pockets. I've got a smartphone in one of them, which is much less a phone than it is of anything else (internet browser, email client, video player, clock, game console, ebook reader and more) so I'm already into wearables together with a good chunk of the human population. I can see me replacing a smartphone with something functionally equivalent that spares me the need of reaching to it. Not glasses, they won't be as light as the prescription glasses I'm wearing. Maybe VR contact lenses interfaced to a base device in a pocket (inspired by Vernor Vinge's Rainbows End) but unfortunately my eyes started to refuse contact lenses years ago so I'm waiting for direct neural connections :-) So you can write the new functionalities in the new popular framework and keep the old one running. Why that's a better choice... well it depends on case by case. However this is a bit like a reverse proxy that load balances many different web apps. You could have different applications written in different languages serving requests to the same url. Furthermore I don't see anything here that load balancers haven't done since the '90s. Maybe I'm missing something but maybe that's why everybody is puzzled. Yeah, capitalizing on such an effort might spoil the fun but... The code has been licensed under an Affero GPL v3 license so anybody using it in production must release any modifications done. So it's not really stealing the idea or the code, only the business model, which the OP apparently doesn't want to pursue anyway. A non Affero license (or MIT, BSD, Apache) would have shut him off from his code (I can't decide if those using those licenses are masochists or just extremely kind). With this choice of the license the OP will get fixes and improvements and probably be happy with that. Furthermore he could be hired to do them, regardless of the license. That's about the general feeling Italians have about Milan (I'm Italian, I've been living there all my life), nevertheless they keep coming here :-) If you can work and get your customers remotely you don't want to be in Milan, but be careful about bad ADSLs in rural areas, which unfortunately are the ones where you want to be. You might aim to one of the many medium sized cities that are pretty everywhere. Look for one close to an airport, an high speed train station, sea or mountains depending on your tastes. By the way, Internet speed in Milan is 100 Mb/s download / 10 Mb/s upload if you have fiber, or something up to 20 Mb/s with ADSL. Fiber really give you those speeds, with ADSL it's up to your luck. Why not? It generates HTML which may have all the browser incompatibility issues a programmer can fit into a PHP file (replace with your favourite web language). I worked for a telco years ago. We had separate development and operations teams. Operations worked on 3 turns of 8 hours, 7x24. They took care of every installation (pre-production and production) and they usually did them in the night shift. The staff was rotated over the months and there was no particular employer burn out. By the way, one full time equivalent (that is, a hypothetical person working 24 hours a day all year long) equalled to five real people. That is, if they wanted ten people to be always available they had to hire fifty. You can easily understand why these arrangements are not common for Internet companies. Furthermore telcos have different requirements. Devops wasn't there yet and I wonder if it is accepted by management even now. My bets are against it. I also wonder if companies like Google, Amazon and Facebook are organized in that way too. Maybe I'm blind to evidence but why should they be different? Another lesson to be learnt is that it's nice to have the source code for the tools we are using. Ok for the multiple user support. I didn't think about that. However http://www.engadget.com/2014/08/06/android-smartphones-are-a... Furthermore if the phone is as large as the tablet maybe your tablet is your phone or viceversa. There are tablets that can make phone calls with regular phone SIM cards. Example: the Galaxy Tab 3 which starts at 7". I've seen people doing that without a earpiece. An odd sight. I'd say that if you want to fund a startup with $100,000 you go meet that startup and get to know it very well. Google is relying on somebody else to make that assessment so my guess is that the cost of those services to Google is much lower than those $100,000, maybe much much lower than that. They sure have unused capacity in their server farm, network, storage, etc. I'm not saying that they're doing an advertising stunt for free but $100,000 worth of anything doesn't necessarily means that $100,000 are leaving Google's pockets. Plus all those dynamically typed languages which are intrinsically built on the concept of generics (JavaScript, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby). /sarcasm Nobody uses them because nobody needs generics. Dolphin is affected too. This leaves us with little alternatives. Tint is affected. Dolphin is affected. Firefox is just horrible on mobile, come see this page and you'll understand why (they can't get font inflation right). Chrome and Opera are what's left. Anything else? There are many font inflation bugs open on Firefox mobile. One of them was opened about HN https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=707195 in 2011. Others are about reddit. Others are about other sites. Firefox didn't grok a way to handle font inflation in a reasonable way. All the other browsers did. I quote a Firefox developer: ------ From a UX perspective, we should really try to fix this somehow. Reddit and ycombinator look terrible in our browser right now. Some examples: ycombinator http://cl.ly/0l2f2v0p3v0e290J0A0W Reddit http://cl.ly/1M452m2a2D3D04070S1I These pages look perfectly fine in stock Browser -- they are a little wonky in Chrome but still better than us ------ https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=707195#c27 That was 2012-05-01. I agree that's a matter of opinions but I think that the OP has a point. JavaScript is easy to understand for everybody coming from C, Java or PHP even if its core is very different from those two languages. Haskell might be cleaner but it's difficult to get for people that used only procedural languages, which are most of the programmers working today (especially if the expected domain for PureScript is web programming, frontend or backend). There is a functional language called Elixir which runs on the Erlang virtual machine. Elixir has been designed to look like Ruby even if it's very different. That makes Ruby programmers (and maybe Python ones too) feel at ease in their first approaches with the language. When you realize how different the two languages really are you already grokked enough of Elixir to keep you going. There isn't that feeling of "oh my, I can't make it" one might have when looking at code like this http://svn.openfoundry.org/pugs/src/Pugs/Eval.hs when knowing only about C/Java/PHP/Python/Ruby Anybody knowing Ruby or possibly Python should compare that with this https://github.com/elixir-lang/plug/blob/master/lib/plug/con... So, my take is that if a language designer wants to create a functional language that will lure really many procedural programmers into it, s/he has to design something that looks like C or Java. PureScript is too much like Haskell (plus I hate indentation-sensitiveness, but that's almost only a subjective matter). Time will tell. Instead of having a common /usr/src/* for a dev team (I remember I had one in the 80s) we have our sources on github now which allows for larger and more distributed dev teams. Not exactly the same way to collaborate but it's solving the same problem with a bigger central server. Time is round, old solutions always resurface with some differences. Definitely great for boardgames. A large tablet in the middle, phones or smaller tablets all around. And if somebody calls you, don't answer and keep playing :-) Malaria kills more people than ebola (up to now) but cars kill twice as much as malaria does ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_traffic-re... ). You could blame me for comparing deaths by cars with deaths by pathogens but let me explain. Malaria and ebola can't be compared, malaria and cars can. Malaria and ebola are transmitted in very different way. You get malaria if you live in areas where some species of mosquitos carry the malaria plasmodium. This means that it doesn't get you if you don't enter one of those areas. You can't get malaria in NYC. You can be hit by a car there because cars are definitely endemic in NYC as they are in most of the world. I'm worried by malaria. I don't like the side effects of it prophylaxis and I don't want to risk getting sick (the prophylaxis are not completely effective) so I don't travel in areas where it's endemic. I sincerely hope we can make a vaccine against it. I'm also worried by cars as anybody else and I take the usual measures (watch left and right before crossing a street, drive carefully) but there are few places to hide, right? I'm much more worried by ebola because if it gets big enough there will be little we can do to stop it: it's going to overcome quarantines and get to us in our cities across the oceans and it kills with 50% efficiency. If we want to think about something that could send the human population back to 3 billion in a few years we shouldn't look at malaria or cars, but at ebola. That's why also to me this is "a far more dangerous pathogen." Let's concentrate on ebola now, we'll get back to malaria when we'll have fixed it. Another emacs user here. I don't know which version of emacs you use and on which OS but this is what I can do with emacs 24 on Ubuntu (X11, Gtk). Open another window of the same editor (a frame): File, New Frame or C-x 5 2 and then move it to another workspace. This seems quicker and more efficient than opening the whole editor again but maybe this isn't faster in your setup. Emacs starts a server if you include (server-start) in the .emacs file. Then you can open files in that emacs like this $ emacsclient -n file I have a alias ec="emacslient -n" in my .bashrc The -n is to make the command terminate without waiting for the buffer to be closed in emacs. Maybe you want to do without the -n if you use emacs inside other programs (e.g. for editing the log messages in git) but I usually use vi for quick edits. Unfortunately running two emacs with one server each doesn't ends well so the emacs server is almost bound to using new frames in multiple workspaces. Customers use Dropbox, it's difficult to move them off from it. Jump on the time machine and read about university concerns when the city of Hamburg joined this trend in 2011 http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/mar/15/german-universi... Is there any German here that can tell us how it is turning out to be? Thanks. They can ask. A court order to reveal your password is enough. If you don't comply you usually run into troubles. This Wikipedia page http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_disclosure_law explains how it works in some countries. There has been a ruling about that in the USA recently http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2014/06/26/mass-supreme-court-defen... They are destroying other companies revenues (but let's wait and see) and making revenues for themselves (they want to launch a PaaS at the end of the beta). This is what we call business and it happens all the time. Example: Apple and Google have been doing it to Microsoft in the last ten years. Doing it by open source doesn't make it less or more moral than doing it by close source or any other lawful way. Anyway, even a pure open source model would have been very moral in my humble opinion: it might harm one company but it lets many more companies lower their operating costs. One company performs worse, many companies perform better. Overall that's a good thing for me. Despite their share of problems (the author explained what's wrong with CoffeScript in his opinion), languages compiled to JS will keep flourishing unless some future ESx will turn it into a more conventional language. Even in that case, being the native language of the "internet virtual machine", people wanting to use a language-X-look-alike for the front end will keep designing their transpilers. In my case I never considered CoffeScript because of the indentation/semantic spaces thing. I had to work with those languages sometimes and the troubles I had when moving blocks of code around and copy/pasting examples from the net have been enough to undo any gains from a cleaner syntax (assuming it is cleaner). No Python either here, obviously, nor HAML or SLIM for templating. Irony: they've been invented in the Ruby community which somewhat prides itself of using a language with a better syntax than Python (I second that, Python looks too much like a C with defs which is maybe the reason for its success: familiarity.) My main gripe is that it makes moving code around painful and it introduces bugs that are difficult to spot. Literally. The rule in the '80s and early '90s was never ever exchange floppy disks with anybody and never insert other people's floppy disks in your PC. Enter the LAN and the USB sticks, problem solved. Not. I'm afraid we have to go back to exchanging files over the LAN. Or turn on our WiFi cards in hotspot mode and create a LAN ourselves. There are going to be good opportunities for desktop and mobile apps. Obviously Evernote and Dropbox are already here but they are not exactly the same thing. Apparently all the ZBook HP laptops are missing. I'm writing this with one of them. At the time I bought it I would have been interested in a query like this: screen 15", up to 32 GB RAM, 3 physical touchpad buttons, no number pad (which turned out to be very hard for 15" laptops - I didn't want a Mac), at least 512 GB internal storage, 4 cores, 1080p or better, next business day on site assistance. Price, battery life, optical drive: don't care. And of course 16:10 aspect ratio, but that would have returned an empty set. I eventually had to compromise on the number pad even if I almost never used one and I'm not using it now that I have one. I have to shift the laptop to the right to keep the space bar right in front of me. The center of the screen is aligned with my right hand. I wonder what all those PCs designers are thinking about. Well, my HP ZBook 15 has those keys were they should be. The first row key sequence is ESC, F1 to F12, INS, DEL, Home, End, PGUP, PGDOWN. Maybe this is the only advantage of having a number pad thrown it into the keyboard. This is the layout http://www.pcpro.co.uk/blogs/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/DSC0... As a programmer I always wondered what a number pad could be useful for so it's interesting to know that there are programmers that put it at a good use. I even upvoted you because I find this interesting. I usually code web applications. I think that most of my numbers go into CSS hex color strings and into my invoices. What are your use cases? In the past I used number pads to play video games and nethack. Not much of them in the past 10 years though. Ah, you meant this http://www.notebookreview.com/assets/14637.jpg That was the laptop I had before the ZBook. The old keyboard was better because of the lack of numberpad but I don't feel the position of those keys on the ZBook to be unconvenient. Obviously this is subjective and I respect your dislike for them. I'm quite picky about those kind of details too. Personal preference: I don't like the OSX desktop environment. The global menu and the bar at the top are a no no for me. I remove them regularly from any Linux DE I use and if I can't I don't use that DE (no Unity here). I tolerated them on the very first Macs, the ones with tiny screens at the beginning of the 80s when we were always working full screen anyway, but IMHO they don't belong to 15" or larger screens. Using OSX as a hypervisor to run Ubuntu in VMWare or VirtualBox seemed a waste of resources to me. Installing Linux as the only OS on a MBP doesn't always give optimal results, so no Mac. However MBP 15"'s 16:10 screen and the keyboard without number pad are good things (but Fn Backspace to Del, ugh). It would have been great to fit the ZBook 15 inside my old HP nc8430's case, plus the ZBook removable panel at the bottom. BTW, maybe the new keyboard has a better feeling than the old one but that was good too. Do you mean new custom components? I was also asking that question to me. I noticed a "Want More?" box in the bottom right corner of the component list: "Tell us which service you would like to have." This can solve the backend of many simple web apps. That leaves us with the space between Bootstrap and Stamplay. I guess that many customers would accept an interface made by standardized components if that means that they could pay ten times less. Is there any tool like that for the frontend, better if it can work in combination with Stamplay? I switch WiFi off when I leave places with WiFi connection but sometimes I forget to do it. I know people that think that the phone they bought "has Internet" and they must pay a monthly fee for that. They don't ask themselves how that happens so I guess that some people never turn their WiFi off unless they must learn to maximize battery life. According to this interview from June www.businessinsider.com/linus-torvalds-qa-2014-6 he used a Mac Air but switched to a Sony Vaio because of the screen (no details given). Did he change again? Possible. Anyway, obviously Macs work with Linux. There were some little problems with Linux and the latest Macs when I made my research at the beginning of the year. That happened with the old ones too and were fixed along the months. I had to buy something pretty quickly in February (the old laptop was dying) so I went for a HP laptop I knew worked reasonably well with Linux despite being as new as those Macs. HP's cheap on site next business day assistance was part of the reason for buying from them again. Another reason is that I can open the back of that laptop without screwdrivers and swap RAM and discs. Apparently I can swap also the CPU but probably sockets will change before I'll need to do that. Out of curiosity I googled for Dylan and this is what it looks like http://opendylan.org/ I think it's := a little bit => too heavy: with :: ; but I like the use-of-hypens in symbols instead_of_underscores as in Lisp and as a common practice in CSS. So many shift keys saved! That should be the standard and who cares if we wouldn't be able to write a-b. a - b is more readable anyway. Check a large piece of code for a general feeling of the language https://github.com/dylan-lang/http/blob/master/common/http-c... It's from 1992 so it's got a chance to influence Ruby (1995). If you look at both you'll clearly see many similarities in the general style of the language, despite Ruby making a lighter use of punctuation and that can have a large effect. Open that Dylan code side by side with this Ruby https://github.com/puma/puma/blob/master/lib/puma/server.rb which has more or less the same role in a web server implementation. The main Dylan repositories have a fair amount of activity so it's a fringe language but not dead https://github.com/dylan-lang The latest America's Cup catamarans sailed faster than the wind both upwind and downwind and that's even more counter intuitive. You probably saw them in the news. Explanation at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sailing_faster_than_the_wind tl,dr: it's not the real wind that matters but the apparent wind (the self made one you feel when riding a bike) so if build up enough speed you'll always be sailing upwind and build up even more power. This is an even faster boat, build for speed records http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnjyusAgk8I Is it only for US residents? Do you have an Android app? A course I've taken on Coursera years ago did exactly that. Not that would have been a big problem for me to setup the software we needed (I was on the very same Linux distro anyway) but it saved time to me too and I didn't read all the usual bullshittery (funny word) in the forums. So Dear Professor, you had to deal with the command line to setup your own machine, do it in a VM and let your students download it. For extra safety pin the versions of the software your students will be working on (for example Octave) if you're afraid that an automatically updated new version will be incompatible with the assignments and all the other stuff you prepared for your class. I agree. They are quite incomprehensible. I looked at the Ruby version https://github.com/cognitect-labs/transducers-ruby because I'm better at Ruby than at JS and Ruby is usually more readable than JS. No way to understand it. I had to dig into the documentation and learn how it works instead of figuring it out from the way it looks. The less efficient equivalent is (1..100).select {|n| n.even?}.map {|n| n * 2}.take(5) which is self evident to anybody with a couple of days of Ruby on his back. I think tranducers are a good idea with still the wrong syntax. Probably the Ruby way to transducers would be along these lines. (1..100).transduce.select {|n| n.even?}.map {|n| n * 2}.take(5).run like we build SQL queries with AREL. Maybe this will never work but a possible implementation is adding transduce to a bunch of classes (in this case: Range), having transduce return an object (a Transduceable?) augmented with transducing equivalents of some methods, letting those methods pick sensible defaults for the composition operation and initial value based on the type of the object on the left. Maybe adding transduce to Enumerable is enough to get all the most important classes covered. Probably we need a further method call to actually run the transducing operation we built, that's why the final .run This is probably not as general as the transducer ruby gem even if we enhance it by passing the reducer and the initial value as arguments as in transduce(reducer: :push, initial_value: []) but it should cover most of the use cases and anybody would be able to read it. This makes the difference when having to urgently fix bugs in the code somebody else wrote two years before and then left the company. The way the man page is formatted is great but I don't like the scrollbar inside a scrollbar effect. It's been traditionally a worst practice. It's better to have the man page take all the vertical space it needs in the main frame and add a Close button to the end of the man. By the way, from http://pigshell.com/v/0.6.2/doc/psty.html "Websocket server: Every unix app on the desktop which uses stdin/stdout can participate in a pigshell pipeline" so maybe your request has already been implemented. Contact is far more likely cause of infection, agreed. But when sneezing we spray a tiny amount of fluids. Are they not enough to get infected even with a low probability? Given an high number of occurrences any low probability yields an event. First of all, don't flame me too much because if you follow my advice it wouldn't be C++ anymore. This is not a suggestion about the post but an invite to think. I always wondered why somebody designs object oriented languages with functions and eventually run into this kind of problems. An answer might be that they're not willing to wrap fundamental types with classes, even if it would be only syntactic sugar that the compiler can easily unwrap without losing efficiency in the generated code. Probably this is not the only reason, as for the case of Python's len() and the like. Python's designer actually wanted functions to make sure all classes had the same methods, exported as functions. Furthermore there might be historical reasons, in the case of C++ to make it look like C. Too many differences can scary people away. Think about what it took to make Objective-C successful, the almost impossibility to use any other language to program on a given platform. Finally, there is convenience, as in void fn(int x) {...} main() { ...; fn(x); ...} By the way, Ruby solves that by adding fn to the Kernel class so it allows the same convenient syntax in a complete OO world. Anyway, an OO language in which everything is an object doesn't suffer from the kind of problems the post is trying to solve. Years ago I went to Ruby from Java and a little of C++. I was happy not to have that kind of int vs Integer duality. Then I looked at Python and found it a little bit weird with functions mixed to methods, but that's the way it is. So my advice is as radical as unrealistic in the case of C++: if you want to change the language, make it use methods where it still uses functions. The compiler will deal with that. Remember that when you'll design your next OO language :-) > Each of those searches is one less that Google can use for serving up ads Those are direct competitors but Google is competing also with anything that keeps me away from the Internet. Given that we have Internet access every time we wish, with a phone, any activity that doesn't generate chances to make a search is lost money for Google. Sleeping, first of all. Make your own list for the rest. We can look at Google Glasses in a new light: a device to eventually be able to serve searches and ads everytime we're awake. No adblock there, I bet. They don't suck, because they do well what they are designed to do. However their use cases are pretty limited in my experience. I usually don't want to capture the whole desktop or a whole window. Most of my screen captures are to report bugs in web applications I manage or to get images for analysis documents. In both cases I need only relatively small areas of the screen. I use shutter to select the area I want to capture and I save it as png. Using Print Screen or Alt Print Screen would mean to use Gimp to crop the images to their relevant areas. Too slow. With Azure they are more or less in the same business. I just tried gnome-screenshot, which I didn't know about. It fails with an error after capturing an image because it seems it needs the gnome shell and I don't have it (nor unity) but from the man page it seems it's more or less functionally equivalent to shutter. There are two nice things with shutter: 1) the icon that sits in the notification area (or whatever it is called in a given DE) 2) the list of all the previous screenshots taken. They come in handy for those days when I have to capture dozen of images. That and the incredible role of sound in the UI, so annoying for today's standards. It seems they were communicating to the users of consoles and arcade machines. Maybe both techniques were inevitable at that stage of the general public training to technology. Both were abandoned a few years later when Windows 95 and then the web made the PC really mainstream. Their language was totally different and we all got used to it quickly. Interesting but it lost me when I had start to have to do pixel accurate manoeuvring. That was challenging when I was 16, but it feels so pointless now (30 years later). By the way, apparently it doesn't work with the ad on the bottom turned off by either NoScript or Adblock (connection to server lost). I'm a devop, not a system administrator. I setup and administered a number of single machine web services for my customers along the years, almost all of them with Debian plus some Ubuntus recently. Database, application server, web server. Nothing fancy. I also use Ubuntu as my primary desktop (some sort of gnome fallback DE) after I removed a lot of cruft if comes with by default. From my experience what I need on a desktop is very different from what I need on a server. On a server I don't care about displays, keyboards, backlighting, sound, USB disks, mics, scanners etc. On my desktop they are very important. There are a number of companies offering Linux VPSes with 512 MB RAM and they can be good to host a low traffic web service. Good luck running a modern Linux DE on a 512 MB machine. Not impossibile but not very productive. So I can imagine having very different init systems for desktops and servers if this means that the server won't be encumbered by a number subsystems which are of no use to it. Furthermore binaries instead of scripts and opaque log files leave a bad taste in my mouth. They make me figure a future with a Windows like event viewer to browse the log files, over a terminal based ssh connection. I'm quite concerned about it. It will waive one of the biggest advantages of a Linux server over a Windows one. A fork, or an alternative init system, could be a good solution. We should run this experiment, pick what we like and don't harass the people on the other side. We will see the results after some years. The satisfaction of the admins will decree the winner. I'll look into that. Thanks! For example I use pabbrev mode in emacs, which learns what I type. It hints me away from most misspellings because it suggests the correct alternatives before I type them. Most of the long method and variable names for me are a prefix plus a TAB. Nevertheless I'll try this gem. Exactly. I can't see me contributing to this if I can't be sure I'll be able to get all the pictures with all their metadata. There have been enough services built thanks to user contributions that closed their data later on. I think we deserve guarantees that this isn't going to happen. Maybe I'm being pedantic but it's possible to perform a reentry without being in orbit first. Most notable cases, the Apollo missions. They plunged directly into the atmosphere without entering orbit. Details and rationale at http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=607491 A very peculiar orbit but OK. So my next candidate is the Startdust mission. That went into a solar orbit and released a capsule to return samples to Earth on a fly by in 2006 before being sent to visit a comet in 2011. That capsule is quoted to have been the fastest reentry for a man made object at 12.9 km/s, which is faster than Earth escape velocity at sea level. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stardust_%28spacecraft%29#Launc... I assume it's the same effect I see with Opera (blink) on Android. Fixed positioning and small screens don't play well together, especially when zooming. They should have designed it with also a mobile layout but probably they didn't think it was worth the trouble for that kind of site. I expect that most of its audience comes from Macs, so at least 11" screens. Interesting tests. How do they prepare for the real world, where the answers are to be found and not given? I have my pictures on my computer and I have native applications to edit them. For my needs the free ones (as in beer and as in speech) are good enough. I can Save as... the images I find on the web and edit them too (licenses that allow reuse, Google has a search for them). So far the only feature that Polarr has and a native application doesn't have is that photo styles from the community thing (not a quote because the spinning pictures are covering the words on my browser most of the time). Unluckily the home page doesn't say much more than that. Can somebody explain it? Thanks. Welcome Windows10! What next, maybe a network oriented display manager to be able to open a window on another pc, phone, tablet, xbox? ;-) Or the JVM. Many languages compile to it, even some with their own interpreters (one example: Ruby). Or the Erlang VM (Beam). There is at least Elixir that compiles to its bytecode. I have a 10 years old TV (still a CRT because they were better than LCDs back in 2004, but that's not important). It will stop working more sooner than later and I'll have to replace it with some sort of smart TV. Whatever I get inside it I decided what to do with it long ago: keep it off the Internet. Instead I'll hook it the the very same Raspberry PI with OpenELEC I'm using right now. If something breaks because it can't call home, I don't care. Obviously I'll be careful to buy one of the most dumbed down smart TVs on the market. All I need is the screen. Half a liter in a few hours is way less than a cyclist needs. This is renewable and a bottle isn't but I can pack much more water in the volume of the device and get other water when I stop. If I can't find water maybe I'm in bigger troubles than half a liter can save me from (in a desert, really?). It's not worth it. However, put a bigger device on a car or on a boat and that can be useful. I have a HP Zbook 15 and I'm happy with it. One of the reasons is the trackpad with physical buttons. The keyboard is good too. Unfortunately it has a number pad, completely useless. I rather have a keyboard centered with the screen instead. Apple got that right. Most PC manufacturers don't. A more interesting report would be which ISP by country let their customers use IPv6, landline and mobile. If servers are IPv6 but people can access them only over IPv4 then we're still at IPv4. "Don't be evil" is the corporate motto http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_be_evil That's a very difficult motto to change. Removing it would mean "we're free to do evil now" and that won't be received well. Anyway, I wonder if is there anyone left who thinks Google is still faithful to their motto. Yes, me too and knowing that I never wrote "don't be evil" on the door of my house. Google did it and they put themselves in the position of having to be more moral than anyone else, to everybody. Well, it saves time compared to having to download the VMs and keep them up to date. Nevertheless I'll keep downloading the VMs and do without a MS account and let them in into my exposed server. If the VMs call home I can disable their networking in VirtualBox. That theme has a slide-to-next/prev-post feature. Tapping shouldn't activate it but maybe it's buggy with some browsers. Opera Android doesn't (same engine of Chrome). As European I always feel a big difference between cities that evolved in the course of millennia and cities (or parts of them) that have been built after cars. They have different patterns. It's not the grid, Roman cities have that too, (check Turin in Italy). It's the size of the roads, all the space used for cars' infrastructure, which separate buildings and makes those cities difficult to walk (first thought LA). So an evolutionary theory of cities should take into account their environment, whether they are in symbiosis with something else (example: cars) or where they "live", on the top of a hill or in a plain, and which constraints they must obey to (regulations, space, etc). This is going to be interesting. Prompted by this post I tried to run my latest Rails 4.1 app with Rubinius. It's been a long time since I wished to give it a try. I had to comment out some gems which don't work with Rubinius, all stuff I use only in development (byebug, binding_of_caller, did_you_mean). There is a Rubinius debugger but I didn't try it http://rubini.us/doc/en/tools/debugger/ I had to remove the space after the arrow in lamba definitions like -> () Then I run rake spec. I bumped into a few show stoppers here. One is due to some compatibility issues with the mail gem. There is an open issue on GitHub about that and it should be fixed in the gem. In general, if gems don't support Rubinius reliably we can't use it. And if we can't use it many gems won't have an incentive of testing against it. The second one is that I got an overall feeling that Rubinius is slow. The examples include many integration tests with capybara and the js driver. Rubinius runs them in 7 minutes and 13 seconds (with spring) without the ones that failed. RMI 2.1.4 runs them in 1' 54" (all examples green). Maybe it's slow only for this kind of workload but such a difference in testing is hardly bearable. Too bad. That's also what I was thinking but I'm a little wary of using something in production which I don't use in day by day development and I run tests against it only a few times. It seems a recipe for letting bugs slip into deploys. By the way, I googled a little and removing simplecov shaved a couple of minutes out of the rake spec times. Still too slow and very inconvenient, even if I can still use simplecov with MRI thanks to conditionals like if RUBY_ENGINE == "ruby" ... end Well, it's the different form factor. Soft and brick-sized bread doesn't belong to the Italian tradition. Slicing what we have it's not that difficult and in most cases there is no need to slice anything. We just break it with bare hands and have it. North Americans can check these pictures to get an idea https://www.google.com/search?q=pane&hl=en&source=lnms&tbm=i... Even the form factors that require slicing are quite small and not particularly soft. Slicing them is quick and easy. Almost offtopic because not directly related to symbols performances in Ruby but, coincidence, I was reading a 2011 post from Rubinius site http://rubini.us/2011/02/17/rubinius-what-s-next/ a couple of minutes before seeing this on HN. At almost 50% of the post there is a code snippet that explains why Ruby method calls must be slower than the ones of statically typed languages. It also explains how Rubinius was addressing that 3 years ago. Hopefully they'll optimize that in all language implementations. Interesting read. Thank you. There is a draft RFC for returning errors in APIs based on JSON. http://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-appsawg-http-prob... Their example: HTTP/1.1 403 Forbidden Content-Type: application/problem+json Content-Language: en { "type": "http://example.com/probs/out-of-credit", "title": "You do not have enough credit.", "detail": "Your current balance is 30, but that costs 50.", "instance": "http://example.net/account/12345/msgs/abc", "balance": 30, "accounts": ["http://example.net/account/12345", "http://example.net/account/67890"] } type, title, detail and instance are attributes defined by the spec. balance and accounts are extra attributes added for this error. I suppose that if I want to return validation errors to decorate an input form I'll have to add many custom attributes like those. It's the DOM element to upvote this whole post at the top of the page. I agree that polluting JavaScript's global space is bad. I wonder if this could be a vector for some attack. Probably not because it would be well known for a long while (but I didn't know about it untile 5 minutes ago, thanks). People with 11" or 13" Macbooks inevitably do. Same thing for people with 13" PCs, the ones called ultrabooks. People start using non maximized windows at 15", more if on a Mac because the UI encourages full screen windows. The trend to large fonts means that PC users with 1366x768 screens don't see much of a page if they keep windows small. Combining all those factors, most laptops users browse the web with full screen browsers. Tablets are always run full screen. I'm on a full HD 15" laptop and very rarely maximize windows, but I see I'm an exception when I look at co-workers screens. The only Google services I use on my Android phone are Maps and the Play store. Occasionally Drive and Docs because of a customer that uses them. I search in the browser. No sync. It works perfectly fine. But that's how I use Google on my desktop too. If you are used to more integration you won't survive that :-) As a developer who makes money with Ruby (not exclusively) I'd say: 1) I'm happy with Ruby as it is now and I don't want to see type annotations in method definitions. If I ever need static typing I can pick one of the zillion languages that have static types right now. I believe that I'll be served better than with a language that got them as an afterthought. I still remember C (without ++) and Java. 2) JRuby does JIT and it's not particularly faster than MRI. After all even the JVM must resolve method calls at every method invocation instead of getting them resolved at compile/link time. Rubinius tries to do some magic there but it's still in line with MRI performances (a little slower actually). Based on the benchmarks I saw for JRuby vs MRI I'd say that only long running programs will get sped up, but after all who cares about interactive programs completing in 1 or in 0.01 s? Development time is definitely more important there. However I trust Matz on that speedup factor and any 0.00x% of speed if welcome. Most of the points are about scarce resources that must be retrieved using a specialized network of experts. If a company has to build a solution, there must be a market large enough to make it profitable in the long run. If no, we need some crowdsourced enterprise similar to what OpenStreetMap did for maps or Wikipedia did for general knowledge. Some random thoughts on some points that stand out more for me. There are tools for 4, but non barely noticeable. There are problems with batteries too. 13 is disturbing. I won't work with him and he probably won't be willing to hire me. 14 would be great but I'm afraid paper and pencil are still the best tools if we want to trust the results of an election and keep ballots anonymous, notwithstanding a lot or research on the subject. I won't trust any solution with an IP header that can be traced to me or with a database that could receive fake votes. At least in physical elections parties can send their representatives to polling stations and check if anything strange is going on. 29. Indoor Maps from Google is tackling that problem. Probably they are not the only ones working on that. Getting 31 for free is pretty common in Europe and probably in other areas of the world. That's not a matter of being in 2014 but of where one lives. Transferring money across countries in Europe (and even across different banks in the same country) is not that fast. Maybe it takes a couple of days. Doing it with PayPal is probably the closest thing to instantaneous transfers. However actually getting those money out of the bank or PayPal as banknotes is more difficult. The times when banks and states where letting go the money in their vaults are long gone. Larger greeds and larger debts mean that there are de facto limits to how much you can cash out per day. I don't even want to think about what I should go through to get 10,000 EUR in cash at my bank. I checked what I have on my Ubuntu 12.04. $ env|grep LESS LESS= -R LESSOPEN=| /usr/share/source-highlight/src-hilite-lesspipe.sh %s Safe, as long as source-highlight isn't buggy. I also checked my .bashrc and found this # make less more friendly for non-text input files, see lesspipe(1) # NO! I don't want this! # [ -x /usr/bin/lesspipe ] && eval "$(SHELL=/bin/sh lesspipe)" So yes, lesspipe was the default and for some reason I commented it out. I vaguely remember at being annoyed about less showing me something different from the actual binary content of the files. Nope, but it's almost Christmas so the Doctor will be investigating soon. A better solution: no data caps, even if it has to be enforced by regulations. A discussion about the implementation of the spec in jquery. It started on June 21 https://github.com/macek/jquery-serialize-object/issues/24 This 3 parts series from 2013 explains in details how the GIL works http://www.jstorimer.com/blogs/workingwithcode/8085491-nobod... Disclaimer: it's linked in the omniref.com page too. Why distributing source code in a zip and not putting it on GitHub or any other similar service? It was more of a genuine question than of a criticism. There are obvious advantages about having a public repository if one is distributing the source code. But there might be disadvantages too, even as little as the setup time. I should have made the question more explicit. Elixir is Erlang with some Ruby-like syntactical sugar that vanishes when you look very close at it but makes the transition very easy. It's not like moving to Erlang or Haskell or OCaml coming from procedural languages. I have experience with Sinatra and Rails and I did a small project with Elixir and Phoenix in September. My bet before looking at the benchmarks was Phoenix >> Sinatra > Ruby, and that's the way it turned out to be. I was curious about how Martini and Node would compare. That said, I enjoyed developing with Phoenix and it's really similar to Rails in its structure. The differences are about having views+templates (decorator pattern) instead of Rails' plain views (which would be Phoenix's templates) and having first class handlers for websockets. The developers of Phoenix answered quickly to all my questions and to the issues I opened on GitHub (it's still 0.x software in heavy development). Anyway I still can't use it to replace Rails in the projects I do for my customers. There many reasons for that, some about Phoenix and some about me. 1) There aren't enough developers and it won't be wise for a customer to become too dependent from me (or any other developer) 2) There isn't an ecosystem comparable to the Rails one yet. Example: it can take forever to develop a replacement for all the basic functionality a Rails developer gets for free from a gem like devise (everything that revolves around authentication). 3) There might be many useful tools from the Erlang world but it takes time to learn them and become decently productive with Erlang and Elixir. How to make decent money while going back so many years productivity-wise? Obviously this applies to any transition to any ecosystem. 4) Performances usually don't matter at all: most servers have to sustain only low loads and Rails is good enough for that. In 20 years I probably had to work with only two web applications were speed really mattered. One was done with Java, the other one was PHP+Java and it was constrained more by the db than by the frontend. However I would consider Elixir right now for any heavily concurrent server, let's say a game server with thousands of players. They are pretty much the same. This is what Erlang's creator wrote about Elixir 1.5 years ago http://joearms.github.io/2013/05/31/a-week-with-elixir.html tl;dr there are good innovations and bad things, not a surprise :-) I used Ecto in Phoenix to connect to PostgreSQL. I didn't try it to connect to anything else but I understand that it should work with most DBs. Which doesn't mean having a data cap. It could be 1$ per GB on wireless devices (where bandwidth is really limited because of collisions with everybody's else traffic) or whatever amount it makes sense. Wikipedia pages are quite skinny. Servers usually pay per GB with many VPS providers right now, with a monthly quota included in the base fee. If you have your own datacenter you pay per GB in other ways. That said, subsidising the access to one own website could be seen as a fair commercial practice or anticompetitive behavior. It depends on so many factors that I don't even want to get into it. If you switch completely to native mobile applications you disappear from the web. That's a lot of people and a lot of incoming links. Mobile apps are less discoverable and they put the install time between "I want to see this" and "I can see this". Sites are trying hard to shave ms from the home page loading time, go figure how well it fits into the picture the minute it takes to decide to download something and get it installed. I think they'll go for a two pronged approach: traditional web site with content plus a mobile app (actually at least two of them). Furthermore, my phone can display an infinite amount of web sites but it can store only a not so large number of apps. And it doesn't have anything as convenient as start typing the name of a site to have the browser display the right url, inner pages included. That was the article that made my know Rogue! Exactly. Rewriting views is something I really don't want to do. Example: I'm building pages server side and using AJAX PATCHs to update data on the server. The server responds in JSON with a html attribute contaning the very same HTML Rails partial used to create the page. This spares me from having to build a SPA (which for many reasons is not OK in this project) or two different views, one Ruby and one *.js which would be unbearable (as you wrote). I looked at intercooler supeficially with the hope it could be a foundation to standardize my AJAX calls (I did something myself but it still fluid). I'm not sure I like the way it puts so much information in the attributes of the DOM elements actions are bound to, but I'll keep reading. I prefer doing those stuff all in JavaScript and minimize the impact of frameworks on the DOM. It's still no time to commit to any of them. Let's wait until the dust settles. Macs are hugely popular in Italy among web developers. What I usually see is in offices, coworking spaces and conferences is a sea of glowing apples, my Linux laptop (I don't like the OSX GUI), very few Windows laptops, usually not the ones of developers. After all if you deploy on Linux, why develop on Windows? OSX is a good enough approximation. I don't know what the average salary is (I bet it's not very high) but paying € 1500-2000 every two to three years for a tool you use to work is not out of question. My HP laptop is in that range but it will probably last more than the typical MBP (crossing fingers). However people resell their Macs quite easily when it's time to buy a new one. Furthermore the computer is a cost so it lowers the taxable income. According to our fiscal laws if you lease something (somebody does that with computers) then it is completely a cost. If you buy it, you can deduce only 20% per year over 5 years. This doesn't apply to goods sold for less than € 500. Small companies are starting to buy Macs as well. Probably the boss can't have the face to keep a Mac for him/herself and give Windows boxes to the developers :-) Large companies tend to stick to Windows PCs but they are becoming less inflexible. Again, people used to iPhones started to think that they could work with Macs as well and so it's starting from the top there too. Most of the mass (fuel) will be waiting in orbit. They need to bring down to the surface only the fuel to get back to orbit so they won't need half of a Saturn V. They still need to launch a lot of fuel from Earth. This is a ranking about PPP. There are about five Chinese persons for every American. The sum of their income will keep getting larger and so will their economy. GDP and economic output don't automatically relate to how well people live but they do relate to the influence a country has over the world. If we care about how happy people are in their country then maybe we should look at http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/ There is no clear number 1. It serves a different purpose, but speaking of tiny JavaScript interpreters there is also the one for the Espruino boards. Last time I checked it was said to be 95% compatible, but I don't now against which specification. Probably it's OK for most tiny applications anyway. Source code at https://github.com/espruino/Espruino Espruino boards at http://www.espruino.com/ I don't want to sound conflictual but many Java/C* professionals use tools written in Python and Ruby daily. I'm thinking about Bitbucket (Django) and GitHub (Rails). They seem to work well enough. tl;dr the Khoisan lived in the part of Africa that kept good throught all climate changes phases. The other populations suffered reduction in numbers and eventually part of them spread to Asia and Europe. It took them a long time to recover and finally outnumber the Khoisan. What do you use to do that? Thanks. I bet that google.com will still be visible in Spain. Search results include links to copyrighted material: web sites like elpais.com which id © EDICIONES EL PAÍS S.L. and a zillion others all around the world. Is Google removing this'd sites from the index for searches originating from Spain or it will pay the fine? This is to show how unreasonable that law is if it's really as general as it looks. Well, if Spain is going to behave like the USA Reddit and HN founders could end up being the subjects of another Richard O'Dwyer case http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_O%27Dwyer Basically it ended with a fine (which seems absurd to me) but that UK guy had to fight for 18 months against a request of extradition to the USA for having created a web site in the UK which (I quote Wikipedia) "did not host any infringing media, but American authorities say it contained indexed links to media hosted on other sites, and defined it as a "linking" website". This looks like Reddit and HN to me. Even if your country doesn't comply with the request it's not possible to shrug it away unless an agreement is reached, or you have to be careful never to step into a country with extradition agreements with the one that is trying to get you. That is a severe limitation to personal freedom. Everything falls apart if we start applying everybody's laws to everybody in every country of the world. I'm pretty sure I violated some laws of some countries writing this. No need to wait. Rust has basic unit tests inside the source files doc.rust-lang.org/0.12.0/guide-testing.html Too slow, gave up. Btw, they have counterparts in the Ruby world: https://github.com/stympy/faker (which states to be a port from Perl) and https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl I use them in a Rails db/seed.rb file to create a new dev db every time I need new data to play with, especially after changes to the schema. > Mongo is kind of the worst in this - it clusters in one weird way, has bad tooling, and subtly destroys your data at scale. I'm genuinely interested. How does Mongo corrupts data? Thanks. This is more than worrysome. I googled for it and found this http://docs.mongodb.org/v2.6/core/replica-set-rollbacks/ Is this behaviour what you are referring to? > A rollback reverts write operations on a former primary when the member rejoins its replica set after a failover. A rollback is necessary only if the primary had accepted write operations that the secondaries had not successfully replicated before the primary stepped down. When the primary rejoins the set as a secondary, it reverts, or “rolls back,” its write operations to maintain database consistency with the other members. So the "majority" write concern is not safe. However it seems that the number of nodes that must confirm a write can be configured http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/core/replica-set-write-concer... From what I read there it seems that if you want to get a confirmation from all the nodes and one gets offline you'll be waiting forever (but there is wtimeout). I'm afraid that any db cluster with any technology has similar problems. If you're using Firefox maybe you're using NoScript. It's from Sicily too ( http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/it-security/an-interview-wi... ). It's unfortunate and maybe it can be engineered in a better way but still I'm happy to trade CPU and RAM for uncluttered web pages. Whenever I watch somebody navigate without AdBlock, I always wonder how they could get used to make sense of all that mixed mess of ads and content. Furthermore if sites are paid per click my pre AdBlock contribute to all the ads sustained web sites was probably way less than $1. They are losing little by my use of AdBlock. One reason I didn't click ads was precisely that they are so intrusive and ugly. Thanks to AdBlock I'm spared with that and they don't lose bandwidth and CPU to serve ads that won't be clicked. Win-win. I suggest http://rubyweekly.com/ which has more content but Planet Ruby could be a nice complement. Well, most of the times but not always. I use Ubuntu and I don't like having a bar on the top of the screen and the modal menu at the top, which are the primary reasons I don't use OSX. I was using Gnome 2 with all the menus and icons moved to the bottom bar, plus Compiz for the virtual desktops cube which I find a more natural way to remember where I am than with sliding desktops. One day Canonical introduced Unity, with a bar fixed to the top. No way to remove that, so I started using gnome fallback mode, or whatever is called. Enter Gnome 3, with much more workflow changing features. We can work around almost all of them now, not so much years ago. I kept using gnome fallback, which unfortunately requires more and more tweakings to mimic a subset of the functionality of Gnome 2 (which was all I need to work). So I ended up with an Ubuntu 12.04 with kernel upgrades (the hardware enhancement stack from Canonical) and a DE that doesn't work as well as it used to (some quirks here and there). It's very much the first lines of the post about OSX. At least Linux gives me more flexibility than OSX does. I used Cygwin when I was on Windows but my advice is to use Windows for the client programs and run a headless Linux VM for everything else. Export its filesystem so you can use Windows to edit files but ssh to Linux to work with a terminal. You'll get a real package manager too. I pay HP about 100 Euro per year for a next business day support and whenever something breaks in my laptop they either send me a technician or mail me the spare parts. In the last 8 years I remember the technician coming here to replace a worn out keyboard (5 years) and a screen which was developing some whitish pixels. The shipped me a couple of hard disks, one of them just in case the problem I had was related to the disk, and two new power units. No complaints ever. If you develop with Rails do it on a VM, even a headless server you ssh into and export the filesystem to your Windows editor. Ruby on Windows is an inferior experience, because most of the developers in the ecosystem are on Mac and Linux. The servers are on Linux. http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:G5ixtTG... I do have a physical hard disk for my backups but I also backup some critical data "on the cloud" (actually, some servers of mine). There is always a chance that the pc and the disk are stolen by a burglar or my house catches fire. Then there is the matter of making the encryption and access keys survive any of those events. They used knives for those robberies, not guns. That's enough to reduce the risk of being killed. Monopoly used to be fun, that can't be denied or we'd be at a loss explaining how much it sold. That game mechanics (taking the other players out) is not regarded to be so fun any more, as the success of German/Eurogames demonstrates. The best games nowadays are the ones in which all players compete (or think so) until the end. There is a fairly authoritative ranking at http://boardgamegeek.com/browse/boardgame I never played WoW but it also sold a lot. I also never played Mario Kart, but I played tons of other car games. When playing against the AIs many of those games usually help the player to catch up by noticeably slowing down the leaders. Some games also make the AI cars faster when the player is leading. Obviously that's less appreciated :-) However when one gets good enough the AIs can't compete, and that another obvious design decision to make players happy. Tried it. It's wonderful. I think it will replace psql quickly, at least in my workflow. Exactly. I create an array of functions one week ago. Not that it's usual: I had to google how to .call() them :-) Anyway, .call is pretty much used inside many libraries. I just checked the ones in a project I'm working on. It's in jquery, bootstrap, store.js The post and the product page at http://www.energous.com/overview/ don't have much details. However the product pages has some data about the power output: > Power Delivered to a Consumer Full-Featured Product > 4W delivered simultaneously to 4 devices, 0-5 feet > 2W delivered simultaneously to 4 devices, 5-10 feet > 1W delivered simultaneously to 4 devices, 10-15 feet > Delivering on average 2W to 4 devices simultaneously within the charging envelope Things that concern me are, in random order: - Is it safe to keep the device (let say it's a phone) in a pocket or close to one's head while is it charging? - Is it safe to sit/sleep for hours in between the charger and a (possibly somebody's else) device? - How focused the power beam is? - What are the safety measures to prevent other people stealing the power? Think about the family living on the other side of the wall. Probably Bluetooth pairing, but I'm not 100% sure. - Does it cause reduction of bandwidth for WiFi? (it uses the same frequencies) - Compliancy with regulations about electromagnetic pollution? They started the certification process in the USA for a receiver ( http://www.energous.com/energous-completes-initial-fcc-part-... ) but I'm more worried about the transmitter. To be more precise: by looking at the response in Firebug's Net panel I see Blacklisted for abuse This request has been blacklisted for sending too much traffic to rawgit.com . Please contact the owner of the site that sent you here and ask them to use cdn.rawgit.com instead, which has no traffic limit. Nevertheless I wonder if this will work when Firefox's search as you type is enabled. I guess the browser should eat up all those events, but maybe I'm wrong. Can't check it because of the blacklisted script and no time to write my own test now. With such degree of character's reuse you must trust the attackers are not the admins of a site where you use those password, because they can look at the cleartext entered on the keyboard. Obviously this is still an improvement over using the same password123 for every single site but those nasty admins could easily check if a password ends with characters matching their domain. Then all the schema falls apart. What if one doesn't use any calendar product? I usually agree with my business partners on a date/time by voice, then more often than not they create a GC event (probably to mark it in their agenda) and I get an email that I don't answer. They know I'll be there. I guess that x.ai is valuable if people don't talk each other and let it decide the time of the meeting but it probably works only if one annotates all his/her life in a calendar. This is basically what I do sometimes in Rails apps backing some light jQuery frontend. They are traditional web apps with a few pages doing many front end tasks (think about adding, editing, deleting entries in an address book). They are done by sending $.ajax calls to the server. Some of them get JSON responses but some of them just get HTML and replace the DOM of some elements. That HTML is rendered using the very same partials used to generate the page when it was loaded first (think about the s in that address book's ). This is DRY. Obviously having all the templates in the client would be also DRY but I don't want to have some templates in the client and some on the server. It's either all or nothing and, at least for me, it's just easier to do some of those things on the server. > so we decided to pick something else I'm sincerely interested. What did you pick and for what reasons? How did it end? It's a traditional web app, so it works with HTML. We don't plan to have anything else any time soon so the priority was on the time to have the HTML ready to go. I did a Rails app serving JSON exactly one year ago, to a small Angular front end. It's was a little disheartening to see an empty page loading and then making JSON calls and thinking that by then a server rendered page would have been already fully loaded. That's why I said that it's all or nothing: either a single page app or many html pages. A few single app pages don't do well, unless they are preloaded with server rendered content. I browse with NoScript. Most sites are usable without JavaScript, maybe not as good looking but who cares. A few sites are not usable and I don't like them. If I really care about their content I enable some of their scripts. After a little, one gets good at recognizing the obvious candidates to enable and the obvious tracking scripts to keep disabled. This and that if I want to see videos (maybe I don't want), this and that if I want to hear audio, not that because it's the ad script, etc. If I don't really care, I go somewhere else. The same content is usually available elsewhere. Maybe, but you'll still be paying more taxes than you would if you were based in almost any other country. Too many useless state expenses here, and they turned into too much debt and taxes. Check how many Italians with the skill set to open a startup moved to London and Berlin in the last few years. Having quite well in mind the most common problems with localization I tend to use strings like this: Directory searched: 10. Files found: 0. They are not shiny but a direct translation is OK in Italian and it could be OK in the other languages of the post (Chinese, Arabic and Russian). Different country and different times but at 10 I walked to and from school alone, probably also before that age, can't remember. It would have been odd to go there with a parent, are you a mummy's boy? Furthermore everybody did it, no danger at all with the exception of one road crossing. One or two years later I started walking to that very same school with my younger brother before going to my new one. They started at the same time but luckily they were only a couple of blocks apart so I could manage. I sympathize for those kids and their parents and I'm worried seeing the same things happening here. Luckily no police involved, only apprehensive and omnipresent parents. Ruby has Opal http://opalrb.org/ a Ruby compiler to JavaScript. Or Decaf http://trydecaf.org/ Or http://rubyfiddle.com/ if you want to be literal about Ruby in the browser :-) It gained 0.07% but lost positions to Perl and... PL/SQL, ABAP, COBOL, Assembly. I had to google ABAP, it's SAP. I did a little of each of the other languages and lots of Perl in the 90s. I work with Ruby almost half of the time now and I'm not worried about its health. Opera Android: I see the comics and two left and right arrows for a fraction of a second and then I get a gray page with a link to a getwebgl site. What for? I don't think so. Criminals would have to get bigger guns and would be more willing to fire, police too. People would risk getting shot much often and won't get around firing to criminals anyway: I never seen that happen even in countries like the USA with free access to guns. It's lose lose for everybody unless for the ones that sell guns. Partially offtopic, but looking at the case of that laptop I wondered if I am the only one that slides them to the right to have the touchpad and the spacebar aligned with the central symmetry axis of my body? That means having 2/3 of the screen to the right of my eyes, which is a waste because I end up piling windows with important information to the left, for not having to tilt my head to the right. I believe that the reason for that (IMHO) ergonomically poor design is the will to include the numberpad. With the exception of Macs it's difficult to find any 15+" laptop without a numberpad. Is that feature so important? My numberpad lies there unused since I bought my zbook 15 one year ago. Maybe if I were playing games I would find a use for it. I write specs or code, so there are no many numbers I must type and it's easier to reach for them on the row above the letter keys. How about optional cases without a number pad and centered keyboard and touchpad? I'd pay an extra for that (plus another extra for a 16:10 screen, but that another story). Or maybe people wanting a number pad should pay an extra. I wonder what are the numbers for the two groups of people "I must have a number pad" and "I don't use it". I thought that the latest Flash for Linux was 11.2. Where did you get v 15 from? Thanks. The old Italian keyboard (last seen in the 80s) was like that. It was qzerty too. Numbers moved to the unshifted position and Z and W swapped place. From what I see at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keyboard_layout there are very few keyboard like that now. I'd go with a number pad myself if I had to use one of them. On the bright side, if the US keyboard had shifted numbers the keys !"£$%&/()=?^ won't be shifted and a programmer might actually be using them more than numbers. It's a demo site dropped and rebuilt every night. Register with a mailinator email not to reveal your own. It looks definitely out of place on Ubuntu (a Gnome fallback desktop here.) It looks like something ported from a Windows 8 desktop and it ignores the system setting for the color of the title bar. I also wonder why they are implementing an integrated mail client. It seems a waste of developer time which could be spent on something more important. That said, the browser is pretty fast. Chances that I'll use it: maybe, but not as primary browser. I'm using FF with some vital addons as my primary browser (Firebug, NoScript, AdBlock, SelfDestructingCookies) and Opera/Blink as wordprocessor and spreadsheet on Google Drive, to separate concerns (customer mandated docs). I can't see me leaving FF for this (I didn't for Chrome) but it could end up replacing Opera if they keep it minimal. Unfortunately all those .flatMap(_.wrapCallback(one)) .flatMap(_.wrapCallback(two)) ... or .then(Promise.promisifyAll(one)) .then(Promise.promisifyAll(two)) ... are noise making the signal difficult to read. It should come down to nothing more than one | two plus the error handling clause. That's not JavaScript but you got the idea. Syntax is important. I still have bad dreams about arrays() hell in an app written by a customer with CakePHP 1 (a Rails clone with an approach that didn't suit PHP well). I'll skip over the $this-> mess. I'm not much into asynchronous languages. Is there any examples around with a built in and slim syntax for concatenating callbacks? Thanks. I played a little with Elixir (and Phoenix) months ago and I know the |> operator, which is not exactly what I was looking for in my reply. I'll look again at Elixir and at how it handles callbacks. The second week of the last August, on vacation thorough Turkmenistan. Not that they don't have Internet but there was no WiFi in hotels and I didn't care to go to Internet shops. I survived well. Me too. I immediately removed the Hello icon when I read Telefonica. Apparently it's because of Tokbox but I won't trust one more telco then I have to. An ironically verbose language given the origin :-) I think you can't ever be sure of that. The data exchange usually is like this 1) Customer browser on seller site: the customer clicks on Pay 2) Seller server to payment gateway (hopefully over an encrypted channel): I'm S (important) and somebody is about the come to you to buy Y with order number Z. In case of success please redirect to U1, in case of failure redirect to U2. 3) Payment gateway to seller server: ok, thanks, my transaction code for this is T 4) Seller server to browser: redirect to the payment gateway (the browser has been waiting since step 1) for order Z (you don't mind if somebody pays for you) 5) Customer on payment gateway (https): check that S and Y are what is expected (this is fundamental), type in credit card data, click Pay. 6) Payment gateway to seller server (on a safe channel): transaction T has been paid for. 7) Payment gateway to customer browser: redirect to U1 8) Customer browser on seller server: page U1 says thank you for paying, goods are being delivered. What makes you sure that the payment gateway is not a rogue one and will pay your seller? It's that you can see the order's data in step 5. However you can't be sure that the seller site has not been MITMed and you've been redirected to the wrong payment gateway. The only safeguard for that is the authentication and encryption in step 2, but that's not under your control. Https between the customer and the seller site doesn't make the transaction any safer. On the other side, what makes the seller site safe against scammy customers is step 6, but I saw some eshops relying only on the information sent in step 7, which in some cases could be forged by the client. Coffeescript's origin is in the Ruby community. The first interpreter was also written in Ruby. Ruby interpolates strings with #{} so that was a logical choice for Coffeescript. The significant spaces thing was ironic given that Python is kind of the biggest competitor of Ruby (×) in the modern scripting languages space. Personally it's the main reason I'm not using CS (or Python or HAML or Slim), transpiling is number 2. (×) kind of because Ruby is probably more successful in web development but less anywhere else. All of this looks great and I'll give it a try as soon as I get some spare time, but there are a couple of things I didn't understand. 1) Is this cross platform or are you still going to have separate code bases for the UIs of iOS and Android? Looking at the code in the demo there are components like View, Text and Image. As basic as they are, are they the same on iOS and Android (same behaviour, same arguments)? It was pretty clear from the first minutes of the video that View is build on top of the native view of iOS (he showed the objC code). Is that React code building for Android? 2) I guess that one must still be proficient in iOS and Android, unless they make the monumental job of rewriting all the iOS and Android documentation for the React components they implemented. I expect to have to reference the native docs to understand the meaning of the arguments and do the job of mapping React to native. That has always been a pain point in many UI abstraction layers. I'm more into Ruby than in JavaScript even if I have 10 years of Ruby vs 20 of JS on my shoulders. In my experience Python is always easier to read than JS. It's easier than Ruby for the part that spares me from a silly looking sequence of end end end at the end of some nested block (but that : before a new indentation level looks silly too.) The syntax of both Ruby and Python beat squarely any C-like language, even if Python looks strange to me. Perhaps is the mix of objects and functions that makes it look a little C-ish, or the many __name__ one has to write in same cases. Anyway... I would do without JavaScript's {} () and ; or Ruby's end (which bugged me a lot 10 years ago) but unfortunately that easier syntax is offset by the too many times it came biting me with nasty bugs after I cut and pasted code around during refactoring. Or having to take really care of how many spaces I'm deleting to match the indentation level I must reach. The editor can't autoindent all the file for me. It's bad enough when I'm working in YAML files (the format of Rails's i18n db, another ironic choice) and I don't want to deal with it in all my codebase. So in my experience significant indentation is evil because as a matter of fact is making me less productive. Lot's of people share the same feeling, lots of people are happy with that. No problem, there are so many choices that we can always pick what's best for us. PS: I just thought that maybe an editor could autohide Ruby's end (or color it almost away) and still be able to autoindent code. Maybe I'll try to tell emacs to color end in dark blue (black background) and see what happens to code readability. I see that many old and new web applications run inside sandstorm, so it's a framework to manage apps. They probably have to be adapted a little but I don't think that WordPress has been rewritten to fit into sandstorm. Anything will do, probably. Furthermore you can download sandstorm and install it on your server. Does it have something equivalent to Adblock's element hiding helper? I'm using it a lot to hide useless (to me) parts of websites or ads in disguise. Alternatively, is there a FF extension similar to it? Thanks. There could be a misunderstanding. The editor indents the code and keeps it indented properly whatever it happens, not the programmer. I don't have to worry about which indentation level is the right one for the code I'm writing and the bugs I'll create if I get it wrong. I press tab and emacs places it where it must go, if it's not already there, which is the case unless I'm doing copy and paste. At least this is my experience with languages that have block delimiters. I add to the point: doing it on a game many can't even make half way through. I wonder how this strategy is going to affect the bottom line of Microsoft. People writing with CLR languages are deploying web apps mainly (or only) to Windows now. They're going to have an option to deploy to Linux soon. This means less revenues from OS and DB licenses, so it looks bad. Do they expect a large number of people leaving Java, Node, Python, Ruby and picking up C# because of the Linux deploys? Those people would probably have to buy Windows and VisualStudio licenses to code in C# in a VM or just ditch Macs for PCs. More desktop licenses could make up for lost server ones but if I googled well a server costs more than a desktop. Or maybe they're playing a longer game: open source as much as they can, hope some network effect builds up, find out how to profit from it. In the medium term they might be losing money tough. Am I missing something obvious? This might be the answer, but it's going to become part of distributions so I could run .NET on Linux on AWS or on my own VPS hosted anywhere. I can't see any reason why Amazon won't provide a Linux .NET image to boot from. Obviously MS can try to provide better and faster images for their Azure servers, maybe even their own distro. I can't wait to see Microsoft Linux Server 2018 :-) Prices for cloud servers are falling, so do they really plan to take part to a race to the bottom? I remember this discussion from November https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8582096 I never tried C# but I did code in Java with vim and emacs. Not a nice experience. Java more or less requires an IDE. I assumed C# would be the same but I could have assumed too much. See also https://github.com/twerth/bashmarks Edit: what I'm actually using is https://github.com/huyng/bashmarks The original link is what I googled on my phone before being able to check it on the computer. bashmarks don't have fuzzy search but they have completion. g and I can see the 12 bashmarks I defined. No need to list them. Does goto has completion on bookmark names? That's a killer feature. Anyway I'll give goto a try because goto a_file_name could also be a killer feature. But a short name is also a good thing. I think I'll rename goto to some single letter, maybe t. I hope you don't mind.