Put another way: "animals are vessels for souls while waiting for reincarnation". It now applies to everything souls (possibly) reincarnate into, while still being true. I think that viewed in this way, it is obvious that the Buddhist concept of a soul is not human centric. The soul would be an entity trying to escape a cycle of reincarnation (and one of the potential candidates for reincarnation is a human). Aliens could fit right in there as just another vessel. When the immune system learns to destroy cells, it also remembers the markers for bad cells. If you have (for example) cancerous liver cells and your immune system learns to destroy these, the potential exists for it to learn markers that are also present on normal liver cells. After your cancer is gone, this memory that partially (or entirely) applies to regular cells will lead to your immune system trying to destroy normal, healthy cells. Your life absolutely belongs to you. It's true that other people suffer with you, but ultimately the decision is 100% your own. It's possible to be supportive and try to keep someone alive as long as possible without making them feel like they're slaved to someone else's desires. I think everyone deserves to feel autonomous. If you have the requisite genetic triggers, bipolar has only a chance of popping up. It's triggered by circumstances in your life that present significant stress/hardship. Next to that, there are also plenty of people that manage to wean themselves off medication after they've been on it for a few years. It's not something you're necessarily stuck with for the rest of your life. "Might be true given a million other factors" isn't really the sort of truth you're looking for when trying to get advice. Let's not turn Dutch cities into another example of the horrifying panopticon that UK cities have become. Leaving aside the question of competence, what alternatives would you suggest? Actually looking at this map, I'm still seeing significant flooding without anything holding water back. When I read your comment I assumed you somehow provided evidence that worrying about the water/coast is nonsensical, reading the map I see the opposite. You can hope that that's the case, but that doesn't mean that it is. In my experience, it is emphatically not the case. The whole idea of electron is that it is built on top of a deeply flawed framework. I can't speak for anyone else, but I cannot see the appeal to writing for something that is broken by design. This is simply untrue. You can try spending some time having an actual conversation with real animal rights activists, you might find out that they're real nuanced people (just like you, hopefully). What Facebook (or for that matter Google) does is not competition. They're far too large to really compete with when you're getting up and running. Everything that even gets close to something they do or might want to do gets bought out. I can't imagine anyone thinks such a situation is in the best interest of the user. A good chunk of his advice is applicable even in moderately high-cost labour countries such as Germany or the Netherlands. I'm sure it also means any other deviation from the norm. Framed as something intrinsically bad, or at least indicative of deafness to tone. That's an even worse idea. You've shifted all of the data from the agency at least tangentially concerned with people's welfare to a corporation only concerned with profit. For a lot of the classes I took, this is what the hours looked like for my classmates as well. I do not think it's that unusual, even. While I grant that you may be correct in this case, this isn't a tenable position to take in general. An overwhelming amount of people do believe patently ridiculous things, and frequently talks about them as if they make sense. The US has a competent military. The country is fundamentally christian - I don't see why the two need to be mutually exclusive. There is a mandatory fee that you will pay for being connected to cable (which most people are, even if they don't necessarily use the TV). This pays for the "free" channels that everyone gets. For people in the EU a EULA isn't legal anyway - unless you need to explicitly agree with it before you can buy the car. Conversations has had frequent complaints about battery life issues, which to my knowledge have always been closed with some variation of "just ask about this on the chat" and/or "this is not something that can be fixed". In the past, I've noticed it doesn't work well for my battery life personally as well (so it's not just rumour). For something that needs to run on a phone, battery life is one of the most important factors to make something actually useful. While the GUI looks great and I don't remember any usability warts, I don't think it's fair to recommend something with an issue this big. As a rule you won't actually get back all the expenses if the case takes a (few) year(s), it's more a symbolic amount. As someone who lives in a country full of easily accessible porn and prostitution, I can promise you the kids here are as depraved as they are anywhere else (that is to say, not very). Human beings need a little bit of downtime for general decompression and whatnot in my experience (unless you want to go for that coveted 35yo burnout status). I'm not saying that that 2-3 hours of tv/social media can't be more efficiently spent on a different form of relaxation plus some kind of after-work job/hobby, but I do think it's oversimplifying a bit to say that leisure activities = waste. The US is not very culturally homogeneous, at least not as far as I understand it. It's precisely this kind of entitled rhetoric that pushes people away from contributing at all. Please try to consider that on the other end of a conversation there is a human being, who doesn't owe you anything and does what he does (in this case) out of pure charity. Wire drains the battery of your phone so hard it's unusable in practice. There has been a bug report about this open since May 2017, with a note that "we're working on it". It hasn't been solved so far. It's important to consider that when you work in any kind of advertising capacity, you are already part of the problem. Anything you have to say that moderates how big of an issue it is should already be suspect to anyone with even a modicum of critical thinking ability. At that point you could try to ask yourself whether or not what you're doing is truly ethical. Maybe then we'd collectively get somewhere. If you prefer to put faith in people's abilities (at this point in time) you're being intentionally headstrong in the face of overwhelming proof that that doesn't work. It's been a very long time since the games in question have launched and they're filled with toxicity. It's kind of sad to realise reading a comment like this now makes me instantly suspicious about whether or not this is "true" enthusiasm or something motivated by profit. It's a fundamentally hard problem to solve, but IMO it is one of the bigger hurdles facing places like this now. I encourage you to maybe go the the EU at some point in your life (and have some meaningful interaction with corporate life there). That will demonstrate to you that the sentiment you're addressing is patently false: Companies in the EU vigorously and constantly hire new people, even though employees have rights. The high end ones take maybe 20s to dry your hands off. Properly drying your hands with paper towels takes at least as long and it wastes paper. What is your problem with an air dryer? I think you'll find almost every community of a competitive game eventually turns into a mostly toxic one. I don't really understand why (it seems a little reductionist to say that most people are toxic and therefore as a community grows most of it will tend towards being toxic), but I keep seeing it no matter what kind of game it is (RTS, MOBA, RPG, etc) I don't understand why you would pick Arabic as an example here. There are languages you could take as alternatives to the mentioned fantasy languages (Mandarin, German if you read a lot of technical literature, etc) that are significantly more relevant and likely to be useful online. Regardless of whether or not this is true (and really it seems to me to be a bit more malicious than large groups of people are consistently capable of), this isn't a super useful way of looking at it. Rather than speculate on why things are the way they are (especially if in this case it's pretty much unsolvable without really big changes), shouldn't we look to solve the problems this is causing (which by and large involves "merely" collecting large amounts of data, which is much less difficult and much more attainable in the short term)? Once blocking by US websites becomes a little more widespread there will be EU alternatives to fill the gaps. Normally I'm not a huge fan of such solutions, but if the alternative is exposing myself to the wild west of unregulated selling of my personal data that is the US I'll learn to live with it. While I agree with your opinion about the GDPR, your analysis of Europe is otherwise plainly wrong. You would be aware of this if you actually followed EU politics (there is currently a strong trend towards right-wing / center politics. Left-leaning parties are moderately out of favour), which you definitely do not have to do. Just try not to spread misinformation on the internet: There is plenty of it to go around already. Because it's the right thing to do? I don't understand why this needs to devolve into an "us vs them" scenario that ends up with the US growing their literal tent slums. Worst case you have to pay (a lot of) fines (at least in the jurisdiction where I am jail time is not an option for stuff like this). That just makes the price go up by however much the fines are and doesn't solve anything. In the end, people are free to do what they want. This is vastly preferable to accidentally leaking customer information. If this is the price we have to pay for having good guarantees that we can be forgotten, I think it is a worthwhile tradeoff. Isn't the whole point of studying these things to find out if what you're saying is true? While it is possible you are correct, I'd really hesitate to say it's obvious in any way, especially as there is a large swathe of population that doesn't particularly care about art. On the other hand, the segment that really doesn't at all like candy is much smaller. This is a tired trope, because this seems to forget that more people also equals more resources to deal with more people. It's not a substantive argument to just say "well there's more of us so this can never work", which is what I assume you're trying to say here. Why was that a huge red flag to you? "contact data" is already a pretty nebulous term. If my experience with European business websites is anything to go by, this is not the sort of requirement that the GP is talking about. He's saying there are more important things in the world to worry about. In what way did you read it? You'll be dismissed as a crackpot, and if it was online you can bet it'll come out in the kind of checks that will be performed for high-profile jobs. Those are very real repercussions, they're just less obvious. The way it would be treated is the domain would be taken down (if that were requested by the victim). I'm not sure if that is EU law or something local. I am fairly certain a lot of EU countries have local provisions that effectively mean the same. I'm not talking about the German laws. Germany is not the right example for how the EU works because in cases like this they are almost always much, much stricter than everyone else. The requirements you noted for a business in the more general case (EU-wide, in other words) are much more lax. Telling them to GTFO doesn't really comfort you if you receive fake (hopefully) bomb packages at home or whatever else (frequent mailings of poop for example). The local police generally also doesn't do very much for you (unless it's really bad, like a real immediate threat to your life from an actual pipe bomb). Even if they do, that doesn't mean it will stop anytime soon. In the meantime it's slowly eating away at your sanity: Is this real mail? Can I go outside for groceries without getting stabbed? These are not fun concerns to have to have. Seeing as it's 100% avoidable and unnecessary to have this information available in this way, I don't think it is a bad thing to remove it. Nowhere in this post do you successfully make the case that he's not old money. You may have demonstrated that he didn't fall victim to many of the tropes that his contemporaries did, but the fact remains he had (a lot) more than most people would at any point in time (including opportunities and contacts). I still remember the moment when Bill Gates switched from being the "Microsoft guy" (during those times sort of akin to the new Satan) to being the "philanthropist" that he is now. I'd say it's been a very successful bit of public relations for him if this is how you see him now. This is false. There are third parties specialised in getting you compliant if you're unsure what to to - you can send your (legal/technical) questions to them and they answer you. It still baffles me to this day that people just lie/spread misinformation on the internet (yes, there is a relevant XKCD for this) yet here we are. It might not be uncommon in your neck of the woods, but where I exist this isn't common at all. Everyone has to work, and the luxury of being able to save "quite some money" (or work far less, which is more or less the same thing) definitely doesn't go to people who I'd call a "dev" (and not say, a consultant or upper management). This website is an echo chamber for holocaust deniers and other such paragons of empathy and humanity. I know this because a friend of mine recently mentioned how he started on this site because it claimed to be "censorship free" and when he checked back a (long) while later it was all extreme racism and other things like that. In light of that, having and actively using an account here doesn't look good for you. Unless you're already actively tainted by this sort of thing or you happen to live in a country where this kind of behaviour is accepted (do those exist?). Pollution is a problem for the whole planet - we already know this. What is the sense in "letting the market decide" (whatever that means. Markets don't make any decisions, but I digress) if we already know the outcome we want. Legislate what we want to do and let's move on with our lives. What is wrong with Mute? I actually really liked how they captured the feeling that goes with living with the kind of liberal arts studiers (it's a bit of a generalisation, but I think it holds) that make a group of people like that. They pretty much nailed the ambiance and the personal interactions, even if they were occasionally a bit overblown. That is something movies do. If you're in the US (I'm going by the reference to a lawsuit), then I don't think it is. This is just the way this company does business and in the states they are free to do so. The kinds of organisations paying literal tons of euros/dollars/whatever to their CEO's? I have yet to find a charitable organisation that doesn't basically funnel my money into the pocket of someone like that. It's (in my view) actually part of a more fundamental cultural issue that glorifies ignorance and faith. Faith is not a bad thing, but you shouldn't base your decisions on it if it is not necessary. Until that issue gets fixed, everyone can start voting democrat (or that other third flavour nobody seems to like) but it won't actually do anything. All the insane people will flock to the democratic party (because that's where all the power is!) and you'll have a new giant problem, just with a different name. A proper one with some kind of meat in it? Or just a bald one with maybe some lettuce in it? Didn't he recently just wake up and decide to fire some rockets on Syria? You call that relative peace? Why are you trying to downplay how incompetent one president it is by highlighting another candidate? Maybe it is true that they would both have been relatively incompetent, but that is not the point being made here. The example you're giving also does not serve to put things in perspective, as it is also an egregious offense. This effort doesn't need to be acknowledged, just like it doesn't need to be acknowledged if you stop for a red light. It's something you should do, nothing more. They will not ask for location like that, because it wouldn't make a difference - EU citizens in a non-EU part of the world still have the rights outlined in the GDPR. The backups that you can retain are hard to justify further back than about a year (if you even manage to do that), and if you ever use them you have to make sure the data that was deleted because of a request before is not in there again. That won't work. They also cannot retain data that could be aggregated to identify you as a person. Anonymising by removing an ID is not actually doing that, it's just theater. The GDPR has provisions for that. Bottom line is: if you start fudging things or working around it, you're going to get fined. If you've never seen any evidence of that, you've not looked very hard: This is what every supermarket does for their filler jobs, and to a lesser extent for their till and other store facing jobs as well. If you're over 18, you have to be very lucky to keep your job (or more realistically, to keep being given work) in such a situation. Outside of supermarkets this sort of practice is also pretty entrenched in a lot of small-medium IT businesses: They have a sizeable portion of their workforce as trainees or whatever (they may be underpaid legally, so they almost always are) and don't hire them after their time is up (ever, as a rule). New trainees are then cycled into the slots that are now vacant. I would posit that if not everyone has access to healthcare, it's not a developed country. You must meet very different teenagers than I do. Every store that has trash work to do here (for which they want to pay as little as possible) has teenagers working for them. The service industry employs them where they can get away with it too. Technology has allowed it basically forever. The trouble is they're annoying to use, so nobody does. As hilarious as this is as a statement, I'd really love to see some backup for this as I just cannot believe this is even close to true. Not if you know what the license actually means, which you will if you did it at a company. You realise that cages for babies are literally a thing already? The only difference is the top is open because actual children cannot fly. I think you also understand already that if you're not properly informed, you're not really consenting. This is like putting super small text in a contract and then saying "but you signed it!". On some level most people feel that this isn't a genuine dealing and that it isn't fair. Let's not muddy those waters by arguing about whether or not US law thinks it's OK to take advantage of people in this way (the only reason I mention this at all is that these discussions usually devolve into that and it's incredibly tiresome). I think I can live with that if the tradeoff means I don't have to deal with literal nazis on the internet. This kind of appeal to authority is not only strictly useless, in this case it's also kind of hilarious in how much you appear to have missed the point. You spent all that time studying, but you never took the time to take a step back and have a more measured response to something you don't agree with? "mindfulness" is precisely the parts of spirituality that could nicely be packaged and sold to people that feel there's something missing from their lives. Now there is this commercial alternative that everyone appears to be in to, and the word is used so much it's basically lost all meaning (to be fair this happens to everything that is over marketed). I don't understand this. Why even mention it in that case? Is it just for marketing reasons? I don't know about the person in question, but in order: * Yes, but the age bracket for me is _very_ wide (it says "alive and not in need of new knees yet probably", but not much more) * They didn't have this info * This was wrong * No, they didn't have this (although the country itself was correct) * Wrong * They did not have this This is for the US, the country that appears to be almost fanatically opposed to making safe cycling paths. Of course you're going to have more terrible accidents then (with or without a helmet). How do you manage to fall face first from a bicycle? It's too late now in any case. Removing them is cute, but in terms of security credentials can only be rotated now. Removing them doesn't help when someone has already pulled that history previously. No, it is typically done with natural gas still (at least, that is the kind I see almost everywhere). A lot of new housing developments use electricity though (occasionally combined with solar heating tanks). My "fast" cycle takes 40 minutes. How is that slow? Sure, if you set it to ultra power saving mode (in my case this is the default) it'll take hours, but that is just the environmentally conscious thing to do. Not to mention it's better for your wallet. In a household full of disease you should be disinfecting (I mean with ethanol, not with soap) your hands before you handle the food anyway. I love that even the new york times is apparently incapable of introducing a cookiebar that conforms to the actual law they're trying to conform to. It's not especially complicated to not give me cookies unless I say I'm OK with receiving them, instead they've gone with the "implied consent" option (again) that is pretty explicitly not consent anymore. A bit more than two notches I'd say. The correlation between those is pretty enormous. If you're managed poorly the grass is almost definitely going to stay greener even when you are also on that other side. You're very blessed if you've never experienced that first hand. How is it racism to say India has a caste system and they've had a lot of practice? It has nothing to do with the colour of their skin (or whatever else you usually base "race" on - I'm not from a culture that uses it like that so I don't understand fully), rather it's a given of the country. It implies he completed 365 chapters but says nothing about repetition of the chapters. It's not true where I am in Europe, this sort of info is accessible to government employees only. Being socially celebrated gets you all the things people teach you mean success as you're growing up: Money, probably a beautiful wife, the admiration of your peers. I agree with you that doesn't have to matter but I don't think you should underestimate how much that flies in the face of what most people have been taught matters most. Atheism says "god does not exist and I'm sure about this". This is exactly like saying "it's impossible for me to win the lottery" - that is the stupid position to take, because you know in this case it is untrue. Anything theological is impossible to prove one way or the other (or at least I've never heard of anything remotely approaching proof) and therefore a position of certainty one way or the other must be lunacy. There's nothing wrong with telling people to be careful, however it is important that you give them a full picture of what went wrong with you so they can avoid it. Otherwise you're just appropriating a past experience to further an agenda. Yes, you should be. You should claim uncertainty about anything you cannot prove in any way, shape or form. It's fine to say you believe something is the case, but at that point you're talking about faith and you don't get to say what a "wrong" position is - it's faith after all. In any case, we're drifting way off-topic here. It's fine if you don't agree with what I think atheism is, although I would be interested to see what kind of definition you base it on. Aside from the definition (this means an outside source, not just something you write down here) I'd also be curious what you see as the difference between agnosticism and atheism. There's a whole slew of arguments that could be made here, but let's keep it simple: Providing anyone with information about me should be a voluntary act. If I choose not to do so, it is none of your or anyone else's business why I do not want to. This choice is not available in the case of UTM's, at least not in a transparent way that doesn't involve manually stripping them from every URL you click (which is sensitive to user error). If you're that paranoid, it's actually not very hard to audit the code in this case. Unless you go so far as to not trust the whole stack it's running on, but in that case you should stop using your browser entirely. For a sane threat model the confidence in your own audit should be reasonably high. The trouble is that they might target a group that you are logged to be a part of. For a concrete example, the reason the Nazis were so successful in finding Jews in the Netherlands is because the government there kept (and keeps, if I'm not mistaken) a list of people and which faith they belong to. That list was then handed over to the invaders, who made really good use of it in the time after. Nobody before that point really stopped to consider whether or not it was a good idea this data existed in the hands of the people that had it. If they did, they probably thought there was nothing to hide (or even that it was a good idea, perhaps). At this point, we should know better. For the ones targeted, there were no bigger problems than the fact that someone had this data about them. You can't receive any actual money (only amazon money, which is much less useful) as a worker outside of the US as far as I know. If you actually care about privacy touching the US in any way, shape or form is very, very dumb. If you care about privacy, don't host it on US infrastructure. There has been so much exposure about this, that should have been enough to teach you not to burn yourself. The only thing which would make that outrageous would be an element of force (which would make it not consent anyway, but I digress). Instead, you're giving an example that explicitly allows for a denial. That's exactly as it always should have been, so I really don't understand what the point is that you're trying to make here. "she is in no position to refuse being filmed, anywhere in the school, showers, toilets, anything." This actually made me chuckle a little. I genuinely have no idea if you're joking here because this sentence is ridiculous. Read the actual law (it's in english, so you can). It mentions this fairly unambiguously. Then automate it. If you can't automate it within one month plus two months extension, you have bigger problems than GDPR requests. The only thing I can do as a customer is be mildly amused at the fact that you're complaining it's inconvenient for you to respect my privacy now that a law is coming into effect forcing you to do so. From the other end of the spectrum, I know you're wildly exaggerating the difficulty of compliance. Toothpaste is poisonous isn't it? Swallowing it wouldn't be something that makes me happy. If you need to have data to comply with other laws, the GDPR does not apply and thus there is no problem. Sadly this is from a paper I read when I was somewhere between 8 and 13 so it is entirely possible I formed the wrong conclusions at the time. Edit: Needless to say, I don't remember the title. Perhaps I should re-investigate it. Yes, because being against a law that is both reasonable and the right thing to do doesn't make any sense when you're a real live human being. The hysteria about businesses imploding under legislation is classic internet outrage at a phenomenon not very well understood. If you actually took the time to read the source material, you could very see that it's reasonable and made to protect you. At the same time, you would see that there will not be any world-ending fines handed out for literally no reason (on a slight tangent I don't understand why it is so impossible to grasp that this isn't something that happens in the EU). The real concern here is the people dying right now. The "future of warfare" is no warfare - it's exactly this kind of thinking that drives "well we should research it because someone else most definitely is" type of scenario's, which is what got us into the nuclear mess. In most places the magstrip is disabled (both on the cards and in the readers) because it's insecure and there was a lot of low-effort cloning going around. Don't forget all the little tricks in chaining them! And all the magic you can do with pipes. No, it won't be - because that sort of strong arming is precisely not compliance. You may argue that they won't be punished for it (I don't think that is likely, but you are right to think it's an option), but you are wrong to say it is a natural consequence of compliance. Their argument was about incentives, not about poverty. I don't understand the relation between your argument and theirs at all. Saying "foreigners are more often criminals", while not necessarily xenophobic in nature (as in, you don't have to have strictly xenophobic thoughts to come to such a conclusion), doesn't lead to a nice and balanced conversation. That is leaving aside the correlation/causation dilemma which you're just sidestepping here (it's correlative, not causative - unless you have some sort of proof for that, which I doubt). You should really stay away from this kind of outgroup = scum thinking. Tribalism and makes the world an actively worse place for having you in it (as the people in your ingroup gain little and everyone loses their humanity). Their job is actively harmful, because they exist to prey on the class of people that can't see through their bullshit. I agree that they are the low-level operators (and therefore perhaps not worth the effort to punish), but I do think it is high time we start viewing predatory sales as exactly what it is: predatory. He just said he does it and that it works. It doesn't make any sense to respond to that with "no it doesn't". I've always found that really incomprehensible as well - it's not something that is allowed here (legally) and it seems like it's basically just mean and nothing else. Why does that even happen? Not everywhere - there are countries for example that put you in a kind of servitude to the state, where a state-controlled agency takes all of your income and gives you a stipend to buy food and other necessities with. The rest gets used to pay stuff like your house first, and then all of it gets put into your various debts. Seeing as it's basically indentured servitude, I'm not sure how I feel about it. It's definitely better than prison though, because you're still (more or less) free to move around whenever you're not working. Every good desktop environment (even the tiling ones like i3) supports tray icons. It has nothing to do with the distro you are using. There is no consensus about how consciousness arises from the brain specifically, or how it works. We're pretty sure that if the brain breaks, the expression of consciousness will also break (occasionally in predictable ways). Further than that, you can make no definite statements about it and call yourself scientific. It's still mostly a philosophical problem with no clear solutions. Bitcoin is traceable by nature. Anyone who makes claims of anonymity either doesn't understand how it works or has a system in place that provides uncertainty (ie tumbling). Maybe where you are, but not where I am from. Here, you are considered a religious extremist if you do not support abortion (and I think that this is the reasonable stance, but that is not relevant right now). I'm thus not very concerned with what secondary agenda you associate this argument, and I will definitely not be careful of having an uncertain stance just because this is the case. Anything that doesn't say "We will do just that! It might take up to 30 days" and asks for up to two extensions afterwards is not compliant, so this would be an exceptionally dumb response. Of course you can. Otherwise what would be the point of them in the first place? "I guess they figured out everything correctly" You guess wrong. The situation you described does not comply with the GDPR. Report them to the legislative agency that handles these things in your region - if they're a big target they will be high up on the list of companies being audited. That is coercive, and therefore does not comply (nor does it actually mean consent). It announces "I'm using VPN", nothing more. It is unclear why you are asking these questions in the first place. What is a "Christian country"? It's a country founded on predominately christian ideals. If you thought about it, I think you can come up with some countries that definitely fall under that category. Do something similar to come to a list of countries that are predominately Muslim. While they obviously will not have identical standpoints, there is at least one that springs to mind instantly when you think "banned pornography". No, it is not one uniform religion, but thankfully that also wasn't the point. Cryo fees and compound interest are separate concepts. Just because the second is present, doesn't mean the first one will grow. The opposite is true: When more people want something, you scale up production (or someone else does) and the prices (generally) go down. It cannot be reversed without a significant amount of effort (really, even when you say the "entropy is quite small" it's not actually as small as you would think) and is therefore probably reasonable. Worst case a regulating body will tell you that no, they do not think "this will take 1-10 years to reverse" is quite good enough and then you can work with them on a solution that would be good enough. The most hilarious part of that is that you really don't need to. I've added a blacklist for everything (first party JS, styling, images) on medium.com and everything continues to work just fine. I don't remember specifically why I did that, but it's probably a dark pattern (such as a modal that pops up after one paragraph of reading) that annoyed me in the past. To be GDPR compliant, everything needs to be opt-in (except for the stuff that is critical to functionality). If you refuse to answer their questions, they need to assume that means "no". From this you can see that it's not your responsibility to tell them anything and you can still use their website just fine. This is the EU, not the US. This law was specifically crafted to prevent the kind of reptilian behavior that you're describing here. I honestly (and perhaps naively) expect you to understand the source material a little bit better if you're going to make blanket statements about it here. You are wrong. This is a misconception that has thankfully died down a bit over the past week or so, but apparently it is still a bit alive. There are accords in place between (for example) the US and the EU, which allows the EU to hand out fines overseas. The reverse is also true (the US can and does litigate in the EU). Nowhere do I imply that you are exhibiting reptilian behaviour, I said that you are describing it. What you could take personally is that I said you should not talk about things which you do not understand (unless it is to ask questions, which I could have added), which doesn't sound at all unreasonable to me. Why you assume that was a personal attack is completely outside of how I can read my own comment. When I say "it works fine" I mean "the text is on the page and in a reasonable font". There is a huge amount of wasted space in terms of crap content (banners, etc - all mangled because there is no JS) there, which would be annoying on mobile. This experience (in my mind) competes with websites that will not show the content at all without JS, which is not a high bar. Could you walk me through how you come to that conclusion? I admit my estimate was very ballpark, but "minutes" seems so wildly out of line with what I think I must be making a mistake somewhere. When did I mention case law? Shouldn't you be asking me for proof of the accords I mentioned, which is what I'm actually talking about? There is definitely a subsection of small business owners that operate that way (partially), but the overwhelming majority of cash flow is aboveboard (you can report cash to the tax authority, and yes this also happens) in my experience. To give you another anecdotal piece of data. If they make it very difficult to say no to extra processing (more than is required for the core business) that comes very close to coercion. Once the storm of US companies not complying (and let's be honest, the big corporations are currently not compliant in the least) and being fined has died down I can't imagine the regulatory bodies will not go after this kind of behaviour. I've been in Germany recently (with a card that is normally accepted elsewhere) and everything worked just fine. When was the last time you were there? No, because this is opt-out behaviour. It needs to be opt-in: To avoid personalised advertising, your actions required should be "none". It should work like that by default. This is hedonism. If you are a hedonist, then this sentence will not make sense to you. Some people go through their entire lives without ever thinking they could approach it any other way, so I don't think it's as wearying as you imply here. It all depends on what you think is important. That is true, however I think the point GP is making is that the failure mode is too catastrophic to actually entertain it as a possibility (I'm not saying I agree) "Yearning for the community/intimacy is a weakness" Do you seriously believe all human needs are just weakness? What will someone's life be like if all that 'weakness' was removed? To my mind, it'd be incredibly dull. So because the sentiment here is that it's no big deal, which you yourself say "is only easy if you’re a very experienced programmer or who knows what he’s doing" somehow the audience is less technical here. Perhaps the sentiment is that it's no big deal precisely because the audience knows how to solve this problem. This kind of US-centric "only we know how to do startups" is tiring. And wrong, as there are in fact hubs here full of startups - you just don't generally hear about them online because it really is incredibly focused on everything American. I'm not saying that is a bad thing, but it is important to keep that in mind before you form opinions that are frankly a little distant from reality. Perhaps they want to eat better and more often than most other people, and the party line doesn't really factor into that? It's not clear to me why structural protection would be better than self-policing, given that both can fairly trivially be manipulated by a wallet the size of a corporation. GDPR compliance for any company that isn't sacrificing their users' privacy to the dark gods of marketing is not hard. It is not risk. If your relevant regulatory body decides that your reasons are not legitimate (and if you definitely are using them to prevent service degradation and don't keep them around forever, I don't see why they would) then they will tell you so you can alter it. As it turns out not everyone agrees with you. That doesn't make it silly, that makes it a difference of opinion. And in any case, the point is that together all those little violations are a meaningful violation of your privacy. If it makes you anxious whether or not you are compliant, you're probably not. As a rule of thumb this goes pretty well with a lot of legislation. On the off chance that you're not just trolling, this is one of the main points of the GDPR. If this is news to you, I invite you to read up on the subject. What is evil about murder? If you honestly don't think that is a bad thing then I will grant you that for you, working with the military is fine. He is saying that any company that supplies to a military has an economic incentive to make sure war happens. Seeing as they profit from the size of the military, that's not exactly far-fetched. There is no "left" in american politics. Only right and extreme-right. A company has only one feedback point in the long run (people leave or die over that timeframe, so you can only count on the lowest common denominator there) and that is money. If that doesn't tell you something about a company's core motivation, then I'm afraid I can't make clear to you why counting on anything but economic incentives as motivation for a company's actions is naive at best. I have literally never encountered a large company that doesn't have good tax deals in some country or other. Good in the order of "pays basically no taxes". What do you want to call that? "Just good business"? Minecraft was going in the toilet slowly far before Microsoft acquired them, but the changes they made have not been for the better in my opinion. Xamarin was plainly bad before acquisition, and as far as I've been able to discern this hasn't changed. Nobody is claiming that it does. They are indicating possible economic investment in the results and some questionable statistics. It is perfectly scientific to take these pieces of evidence and adjust the possibility of this study being fishy upwards. If I read it correctly, it means that 90% of a person's savings are made after their thirties. So if you invest all of it in your thirties, you've captured 10% of your lifetime savings in your investments. I think on hot days you are supposed to "flush" the rice fields with fresh (cooler) water anyway. The runoff then goes back to wherever (a river or in this case maybe the ocean). Assuming that is true, I imagine that means any relevant nutrients are not flushed out by this process. And you still cannot properly turn it off. Weird and invasive things still happen with large updates (bundled so you cannot pick and choose which changes are appropriate for you, such as security fixes only). The whole OS is a few quality of life changes that make it palatable to most people to deal with all of their frankly offensively invasive practices. I have had the dubious pleasure of getting ethics classes in multiple schools. I don't think I've ever had one where that wasn't basically how the class went. I'm sure that is doing it wrong, but that doesn't mean that it's not the norm. You are wrong about the average wages. If, as a software developer of middling experience levels (~3-5 years) and educational background (trashy uni or good trade-equivalent school), you do not make ~36k euro per year or more you are being swindled by your employer. That is already 42k USD. If you get to senior positions I have seen it get as high as you mentioned (and also much, much higher for select examples). The amount you mentioned is what someone straight out of (middle) school with 0 experience would make in the field, and they could expect to have that increase to the mentioned middling wage after ~3 years of real work. That would put them at that wage at around 20-21 years old. It relies directly on itself. The dependency is recursive, and I'll grant that it needs an origin somewhere - but the same can be said for linux built on linux (and yet we do not). The GDPR is already incredibly readable for something that is used in the legal system. I'd say that if you're not capable of following it, no amount of rewriting is going to make it accessible to you while still containing the required words to keep the original meaning. I'll be mirroring my stuff to gitlab (an instance that I control). The reason for that is fairly simple: I have never seen an acquisition by Microsoft be a positive development for the software. On a more ideological level, I think the company is fundamentally reprehensible in it's business practices and has been for the entire time that I've known they exist. I do not think they will ever change and I do not think they came from a good place that they could return to. It wouldn't be right to support them any more than I have to (for example, things I need to do my job). Presumably they were talking about the purity of street heroin versus what you'd get in a medical setting. I assume the latter wouldn't be cut with whatever the dealer had on hand. While it is definitely possible where I live, it will take you at least ten times as long (because it just doesn't work very well and the process is not at all streamlined). Don't even get me started on taxes. Doing those without the internet is the metaphorical equivalent of stabbing your hands repeatedly. Of course, if the alternative to that abuse is literally living on the streets it's not really a choice anymore (except in the most inane sense). It then becomes "if you want to live, you will let daddy corporate tell you whatever he wants" - coincidentally, this is precisely what we're seeing. Running it without GApps is by and large a pretty enjoyable experience, provided you don't use the communication apps that seem to break/work like ass if they are not present (signal for example, while technically available without google services framework will just never work right). Really the only ones that come close to working right are Telegram (although it will never shut up about google services and "not running without them", it will run just fine) and the builtin SMS app. Email can be procured reasonably well and I have a sizeable library of games that I got from old humble bundles (back when they were actually good) that are fairly enjoyable. To be fair, maintaining an (internal) gitlab server really only costs you the upgrade time. You make a snapshot, upgrade (and optionally rollback if something breaks). It takes exceptionally little time - unlike say, running your own email server. A fairly large cross-section of big corporations will say things that are shockingly evil to even moderately critical minds. You work there to put food on the table, not to make the world a better place. Really most of us ignore that for all tech, at any price. It has nothing to do with Shenzen or the chips they produce. For that matter, there are similar moral issues with most clothing you will buy and the effects of a lot of the food you are eating. The cosmetic products you use are almost certainly funding (or have funded) a company that perpetrates animal cruelty. The world is built with sadistic bricks. I don't think it is active malice that most people ignore them, I think they just cannot exist properly if they think about each and every one. So most people think about a few, if any. Maybe sometimes they eat a biological egg from a chicken that has twice the floor space of a regular chicken. Or they drink some fair trade coffee that was ostensibly not produced with modern slave labour. It's not, unless you somehow associate being an emotional wreck with having a specific gender. Ironically saying it's sexist is probably the sexist statement here. This is no doubt Netflix in the US? Internationally, I've not picked up such a trend. You could start them with little investment, but your time is also worth (a lot of) money. That's not coming from anywhere if you work for any startup, including your own. You might make that money back later, you might not. In the end that is part of your investment and it's a gamble. If you do not have the financial cushion required to sustain you for the amount of months it needs to become profitable for you, you cannot do it. As an engineer of middling competence (I don't do poorly, but there are people smarter than me), I think you're wrong. The reason engineers receive less than they're worth by and large is because A. they cannot negotiate very well and B. they do not know their own worth. If you combine these two with some idealism, which is the only real reason you'd work for a startup (high-risk, low-reward work - if it's not for ideals you have no reason to do it), you get a prime exploitative opportunity for any employer. I have made my only available mode of transportation to work (which takes me approximately 50 minutes at a fair clip) a bicycle. The regular exercise helps a lot. Another big one is taking the time to figure out what triggers your depression. If it's seasonal, try some lights. If it's stress-related, try one of the well-established ways of combating that: If you're very energetic some kind of combat sport works well, otherwise something more calm like meditation. Try anything that sounds like it might work, and try not to worry too much if it doesn't. There's plenty of other options. If you're a worrier, having a reasonably rigid schedule could work well. Go to sleep at the same time, eat at the same time, have lunch at the same time. Edit: Another thing that works well is setting (very) small goals for yourself and accepting that that can be the only thing you do that day (eg "I'm going to take the laundry out of the hamper and put it in the washer"). If it's really bad, I've found that is literally the only thing that will help. This is an unreasonable response - not infrequently the causes are not things that can be fixed in the short term (eg years of neglect and abuse as a child), or are simple facts of life (eg an objective purpose in life does not exist). There's a whole slew of these kinds of origins and I'd venture to say that expecting to solve them for you personally in a timeframe that doesn't lead you to die from starvation (because you cannot work in the meantime) is really not practical. That being said, it's something I think everyone should work on. Just not as a primary response mechanism to life-destroying issues happening right now. It is much easier to eat a balanced diet if it includes fruit. Many things are not impossible to do without, but some things do make everything else easier. Your sources about metabolism are wrong. I know because I've done base metabolic rate tests in uni (with one of those hoods) and have seen (repeatedly) that some people breathe out ~4k kcal per day and others only ~1.6k. This is at rest and at different times in the day. Yes, I know what that is like. While I agree that is is occasionally excruciatingly hard to not eat when there is plenty of food available, it's not impossible for me. It has nothing to do with whether or not you're a moron - loads of people will be perfectly able to just not eat unless it's within a certain timeframe, as you've no doubt repeatedly read. No matter which way you cut it, making a proper meal from scratch will take you a while. Especially if you're not used to that kind of cooking, as the people you're speaking to no doubt are. All it takes is a little empathy to see that for some people, what you find easy is indeed hard. It's not alt-right. They're white supremacists. Fascists. Let's not mince words when it comes to the beliefs that absolutely destroyed the world once already. Americans came to a bunch of places (eventually) to help fix that, and now they're letting it happen in their own country. Frankly, it is a disgrace. If you're going to eat salmon anyway (and lots of people do), it's much less destructive to eat it factory farmed. This actually goes for every single fish. Just like a good book, a good story-rich game invites you to experience it more than once. Even if it is just to notice nuances you missed the first time. But they are inherently addictive (as in, they are meant to be and it is widely known that they are). You generally want to limit children's exposure to addictive things that bring them nothing at all. It's their formative years, after all. Elite can be played solo, in which case it (obviously) isn't multiplayer. I'm not in the same boat as the person you are responding to, but I do play a lot more videogames than most people. I'm a huge fan of clicker games, because to me they represent the essence of modern life and I find that hilarious. What you call "nothing but an empty dopamine hit" is really just most things people find valuable in life. After you quit smoking you can just still take breaks and go outside with your still-smoking friends though. After you quit an MMO it's really hard to get the same amount of social time with your former mates, especially if they still play. I don't disagree with your premise about games being far more interesting than most other forms of entertainment, but I cannot take you seriously when you say that any form of rendering (no matter how photorealistic) can compete with being in a different place with different people. That is a complete experience, and would need to be simulated with far more senses and to a far higher degree than is currently possible to even come close to the experience that travel will give you. In fact, I'd say that the "I'm here now and I can't be anywhere else for a while, I'm really stuck in it and everything is exciting and new" aspect of traveling really cannot be emulated by a medium that you know you can stop consuming at will, at any time. The problems you listed are absolutely issues with people watching sports as well, but have nothing to do with the subject material. It's a people problem and can be resolved on that level. Let's not pretend that this is somehow unique to gamers or sports fans or really any other involved hobby. They're not surprising if you assume the ground state for every company that does not fear the teeth that come with this legislation is malice. They're doing the bare minimum they need to so they can pretend to think they have complied if anyone knocks on their door, while still trampling all over everyone's rights. A resting heart rate of 100 bpm? That is definitely not normal. Is that also anxiety related? You are correct because your statement doesn't quantify it in any meaningful way, which is the least useful kind of correct. For example, I can also say that "many people with autism do have enough communication skills to do that". We both understand how a lot of readers will interpret these two statements if made in isolation, even though that is wrong. They can both be true at the same time (and in this case I'd say they are), which is why it's not a useful statement to make. They appear to contradict, but don't actually do so because they don't claim anything of value. I'd contend that the most useful ground state for most of us, being people with no knowledge in the field whatsoever, is to assume that the DSM is broadly correct. From there you can, given some evidence, conclude that parts might not be. Of course with the american prison system being the way it is, the chances of these children coming out in any way better prepared to contribute to society than before they were imprisoned are very slim.