This is cool, but I feel there still something missing with all these browser based editors. For some reason I still prefer sublimetext2+firebug I had a similar impression. the video looks like the founders really don't know anything about the business they are getting into. The video looks cheesy, like a corporation trying to speak teen's language to sell them ice cream, not like somebody who understands artists. also it was hard to understand what the site does, there is something like a price slider on the demo page but does not slide. what the hell is going on? better read some explanation... the founder probably did many mistakes, good luck next time. this is one boring job. the guy does weird things from time to time. QR codes never became popular here in Turkey. I'm pretty tech savvy guy but I asked all the questions when I first tried a QR code. There was an android appstore that I can't find a download link, just a QR code, I didn't know how to download them and gave up. When I figured out that it holds information that must be interpreted by an app, I was amazed and fooled around to see how amazingly accurate it is at reading it. But still, I see why it never caught-on here. We are a nation used to transfer pirated audio/video files, crack games and just don't expect things to work like "take a photo and a website opens". There is a poster about a concert with a QR code? Just google the artists name with the city name and the first result is the website selling the tickets. Why bother to find out what is that funny barcode, download an app for that? Just google it, you will find what's going on... Oh they did care, that's why they hide and fight back. they are probably just morons filled with hatred and no plan other than "bomb this people". they just assumed that they won't be caught, didn't consider the possibility that they would be identified. actually attempt to hide identity in the crowd would look more suspicious. the idea of hiding in the crowd requires to blend in, not look like you are hiding something. ah, and sorry for the typos. duck duck go cares. they are small but with constant traffic increases. honestly, it is the only search engine that gives me motives to use something other than google. This is one of the things that you know instinctively and you can relate immediately when somebody puts it out in a formal way. Myself and a friend of mine suffer from depression and we both feel much better when we are somewhat tired late in the night. Anecdotal evidence was there, so we both used to get things done just before sleep. they can say it's napster(read piracy) when you are not traveling just for the sake of traveling, you are definitely looking for the comfort of the familiarity. if you are on leisure trip overseas you would not want to have the exact same experience that you have at home, you seek something novel. but when you are doing frequent business trips that you didn't want to go on first place and you don't have much time for anything other than work you don't want to do risky stuff. all your mind is over the thing you are supposed to do and you just want some "home comfort" to refresh yourself and get your mind ready for the task. how easy is to use GO with other frameworks, let's say PHP? Would it be possible to write an application that uses PHP for some tasks, so you can benefit from the speed of GO and the the maturity of PHP? Actually, likes and shares may make people feel like they did their part and can move on. Donate, then share culture would help but if everybody thinks they are doing great job by "charity marketing" then we have a problem. Probably UNICEF has a problem so they are taking an action against it. I would not say that sharing the word is volunteering because it's so trivial that people share and like things by mistake all the time. When was the last time you heard somebody accidentally helped somebody in need? maybe charities can exploit the methods that games use? badges, avatars... something to differentiate paying and sharing users without scaring away the sharing folks while rewarding the donors. it could be very useful professional gadget for some but at this time it looks like the times when Microsoft was pushing the tablets without solving key problems. then one day the ipad came and did orders of magnitude better than all the tablets that microsoft endorsed for years. one day a company may figure out how to solve all these things and then we can have a glass that is a mass market product. the student is right because it states "into 2 pieces" which means you do one cut to an object and you now have 2 objects. this is total number of pieces = number of cuts + 1 from the beginning. probably the person who graded the question assumed that you are cutting chunks from an object, like slicing a bread. for every cut(except the last one) you get one new object, so every cut is +1 new object. if you slice the whole thing and the remaining object can be +1 piece, just like in the first situation, if you consider the last piece equal to the pieces you cut. so, +1 to the student :) this is not a plausible scenario at all. if the quantity of work done is not equal at each step the question is impossible to answer which means that the teacher is nor right, just there is a possibility to be right. but then, every answer could be right, just adjust your cutting path according to the answer you would like to be correct. before reading the article: Yay! we are in the future, finally. after reading the article: oh, it's just a steerable parachute powered by a propeller attached to a something like a car. I guess this is how sensationalist headlines work. Very well said. In my not-so-democratic home country, in many businesses the norm of doing business is not strictly by the law and the government turns blind eye on this as long as you play the ball. Whenever somebody upsets somebody in power, the might of the legal system crushes them without touching their cooperating competitors. It is completely legal way to silence anybody who you don't like that much. The non-profits are even more exposed. We even have a mayor who tried to demolish the campus of a prestigious university that issued reports about contamination in the drinking water, putting political pressure on the mayor. After some media circus(the mayor sent bogus samples to be analyzed but when university took the samples by itself, the results were much different), somehow he found an irregularity in the papers of the buildings and issued an order to for demolishing the 60 years old, architecture awards winning campus. Thankfully the court decided that destroying the university was not in benefit of the society and blocked the order. I have to note that this happened in the capital of the country, the irregularity was that the drawings were not in the exact same scale that the town required and somehow the legal system proceeded so quickly when lagging for years to prosecute many scandalous building projects of some friendly businessmen. it's about giving Yahoo a new chance. nobody likes yahoo, people think it's an outdated company that screws up everything. but marissa brought a new hope as she is a beloved ex-googler and people want this to work out, thus it's not yahoo that bought tumblr, it's marissa. she is the one who is doing exciting things, not that outdated loser that screwed flickr. didn't msn messenger came with windows pre-installed? this means that your non-tech savvy friends have an incentive to use it, just like the internet explorer. "hey John, I want to chat with you over this internet thing" John likes Jane and wants to talk to her but she is not comfortable with downloading and installing programs. She noticed that there is an app which name suggests that it is for messaging, she clicked the icon, answered the questions and created an account. Now the tech savvy John has to create msn messenger account to talk to Jane. All the people missing from ICQ are on msn messenger now and those on ICQ can easily create a msn accout. At first both msn and ICQ run side by side but msn messenger has all the people from the ICQ while ICQ lacks many of the friends. Why bother to use ICQ? the starting sound is not good enough reason and the RAM is scarce resource for many. so, don't run ICQ all the time, only when you need it. Msn catches up with the features and people don't have reason to use ICQ anymore. you can switch to some other network if you have somebody to interact there. also, many hated ICQ. it had annoying spam, the messages you receive from people that are not on your list. people can move away from facebook only if there emerges a network with a killer feature, builds up some core network of early adopters and the rest follows them because they know the people there. there don't have to be a middle ground. remember some posts few days ago about complaining that we are going back to 1999? well, that's because good designers try to accomplish a goal, they find a way to make a crack in their way and everybody follows. now it's a trend, people with little analytic thought say "yes, this is the correct way of doing things" and exploit the new ideas but without thinking too much about it. this results in flood of poor designs of the current trend that don't serve any goal. later, some new technology emerges, some clever designer find even better way to accomplish a goal and now we have another trend emergeing and all the zombies follow until erode it, miss use the techniques and ideas. the cycle continues all the time. sometimes a new technology or platform makes possible to take an old idea even further in solving a problem. some clever designer exploits it and now we have a retro. of course, the mass degrades it again:) no middle ground exist, it's just cycles of progress. There was an article about the IRS targeting legal organizations that are not exactly beloved ones by the government. Sure, FBI are not evil or anything but even one abuse is too much. Government agencies are build to act according to the status quo. What if the government is not perfect and there are people trying to change something but the government in power is opposing it. Ending the slavery, ending the Vietnam war, gay rights or any movement with an opposition in Washington could have been destroyed with the power that FBI is seeking. The recent decriminalization of drugs in some states could have been prevented if FBI had this power of intercepting all communications. People must have means to challenge the government with non-violent actions. Just because FBI may catch some terrorists is not good enough reason to give them all the means to preserve the status quo. I am not even talking about individual abuses that may occur, compared to society engineering, they are not that important anyway. anything client-side is never about security or consistency since no matter what you do, anybody can always send you any data they want. client side validity checking is about the user experience, I mean if the user is doing something wrong you can guide them to the right direction without the need of server interaction and server interaction is always slower that one line of client side code. sorry, I don't know such tools. you would be also surprised that there are lot's of people using IE. The fact is, you and probably most of the people here on HN are the 1%. ABP has 15 million users on firefox and 10 million on chrome. This is 25 million users worldwide, so out of a total 2.4 billion internet users ABP users are about 1% of the world population. the rest, 99% of the internet users are people who see ads. probably some of them also never clicked an ad but since the advertisement industry is a huge one, it is safe to assume that it works. the rules are listed on the page as: you nave to retweet and you have to follow namecheap to qualify again from the rules: If the deal gets enabled, your account should meet the following criteria to take advantage of the offer so it clearly says that if you want to take advantage of the offer, you need to retweet and follow actually, according to the founder's speech(in turkish) koding is more about social project management than a IDE on the cloud, just because. they hope to make money from selling servers. if enough crimes can be committed by sharing data online then the government would have enough incentive to hold complete control over the internet to prevent such crimes. these people really want total control over flow of information. though it is easy to create such a service, sometimes big companies just don't mess too much with things that are working just well and there is a room for niche products. still, it is very risky to offer a products only to someone else's users - you are out at the moment that the big company decides to implement the feature you are offering. technically, yahoo,google and microsoft(icq,myspace,friendter too) had all the resources to create most of the now popular online services like insagram, facebook, tumblr but they did not and now are buying these or compete with them fruitlessly. couldn't facebook create an app with filters? yes, but they bought instagram because of the userbase. so I agree with you that these are bad investments but only when the projects don't have something that could not be recreated with few engineers. >The Nokia devices ship with so much out of the box functionality that most people probably won't even install any if this is true, WP8 is just a feature phone with lots of features. if people are not installing apps then the developers wont build apps. according to here: http://www.internetworldstats.com/stats.htm there are 2.5B internet users. since google is more than a search engine(android, gmail, adwords and so on) we can assume that most of these users somehow interact with google services, so just adding other expenses and deviding the number to 2.5 billion would give a quite accurate result. I would say apple addressed that problem with macbook air. it feels like real computer, yet it has amazing battery and portability. what I am seeing is that people use air for the more serious jobs when sitting somewhare and their smartphone for the rest. "it feels like real computer" was to contrast it with the surface and other devices that are supposed to replace the laptops, not to imply that macbook air is not a real laptop. well, actually it seems to be at least his 2nd hire if he is not using it as a bargain chip. if he is saying the truth, he previously managed to get somebody executed for 80k. In Turkey, we have these things called virtual credit cards. You basically log in into internet banking, click a button to generate a new card, it shows up instantly, then you define how much limit it would have and you are ready to use it. For convenience you can use that card many times, just reset the limit or you can create new one if you wish. It's really good, I use it every time. Hmm, can this be implemented in JS frameworks, so that can be done with less code? you should read about: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miller_cylindrical_projection but this one seems to do what it claims to do. it's pretty scary for people who don't have decent backup system. but these same people live with the risk of losing their data due to a drive failure, so... I don't know, maybe it's not just about countries or cultures but about the current safety state in the place you are. My car broke down in Germany on relatively wealthy area(Wiesbaden, close to Frankfurt) and lot's of people tried to help me and I end up with a job and wonderful friends. This is quite cool actually. It reminds you that if your device has a sensor, it can communicate. It should be possible to communicate through a webcam and a screen when the airgapped devices are on the same room. It could be possible to communicate by accelerometer(macs has these) and inducing vibrations using the HDD when the devices sit on the same table. No, not QR codes since it would require the webcam capturing the screen directly. The screen may be used as a light source for the transmission and the webcam can capture the light reflecting from the walls... maybe, there are problems with the story. So, this is basically using the Google bot as a proxy. I don't see what Google can do about it, or does Google have to do anything at all. Just secure your website as if the attacker is not going to use the Google bot as a proxy, because well, nobody can guarantee that the attacker will use the Google bot. Google bot is nothing more than a computer sending HTTP GET request to your server, so if your site is vulnerable to HTTP GET requests why you write like there is something special about Google bot? Why? Do you want anybody but Google to hack your site? Why would Google spend resources on unnecessary detection of SQL injection(which probably will not be perfect anyway and may break legit requests) when anybody can hack your website? I just can't justify why do you expect Google to spend resources on not running bogus HTTP GET request when anybody can run those? What is different about being hacked by Google bot and being hacked by an unsuspected user who clicks on a bogus link that was put on the same page where Google found that link to your server? Just doesn't makes sense. From what my parents told me, during the communist Bulgaria people have been quite happy with the "jobs assignment" process. After graduation from college and if they are not going to continue their education they were given a list of available positions so they can pick few and they are placed according to their grades if there is a competition for a given position. On the other hand, the less meritocratic positions(like blue collar jobs in factories) were often subject to placement-by-bribery. Many would like a position where they can steal stuff for themselves. The seemingly meritocratic system gave them feeling of security but obviously the system was not working that well so the communist state collapsed and when it did, my parents lack of sense of the capitalist system left them in a limbo state. Those stealing, bribing folks did quite well in the communism-to-capitalism transformation period but many well educated people could not adopt and moved to well established capitalist economies where the meritocracy existed(at least they were finding jobs based on their credentials). However, at least my parents, never grasped the idea of entrepreneurship. They just don't have the basic instincts for doing a business and they failed miserably when they tried to start one. They are still working for other people. If the North Korean government fails, probably the turmoil will last for generations, until new culture emerges through a new generation of young people who can have an idea about how a capitalist society works. PS: We were from a discriminated minority, so maybe it was easier for the native Bulgarians however the North Korea seems to be much worse even than the last days of the communist Bulgaria. Electrical Engineer & Obstetrician Those permissions are just like an "EULA" or any other legal writing that the users just skip as fast as they can. This is why I switched back to IOS, I had really hard time finding apps with permissions that are not ridiculous. Whats worse, most of the people I know just didn't care and used these apps, making em popular and high rated. IOS as awesome in this regard, after all, my phone is the most privately used device. I think am not a paranoid type but I am not O.K. with somebody out there accessing my location and contacts. I am actually surprised we don't have big scandals with rough apps spreading all kind of private data all over the internet. I made this one when I was trying to learn JavaScript: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/budaneki/ It's an on-the-page look up and translation extension, I believe it was the first of it's kind when I made it and didn't use any JS framework but pure JS. I am kind of proud of it. Still have users regularly asking me to implement it for Chrome :) why not? it would be just like selling contraband cigarettes for the small guy. the big shots probably can just move to another market since they have a know how of dealing illegal stuff. If the problem you are solving is gone, you better be the person who solved it and collected the coins. If the existence of HTML/CSS guru depends on the bugs/problems of the browsers, they had plenty of time to see it coming. HTML/CSS is nothing more than a way to describe the way a page should look like. The HTML/CSS guru should not exist anyway since the designer is supposed to decide how the page should look like, so finally HTML/CSS is spoken by the right person without the translator, that is why HTML/CSS is just another yes no question. Hmm, semantics came from the APIs. Machines understand machines not by interpreting HTML but by special language that is made to be spoken between machines. The web of data has been largely achieved but but the organization of the data flow is taken over by human beings by tightly controlling what machines are talking with each other behind the scenes. HTML has been pushed even further to be a presentation tool rather than the medium for interconnected documents. machines rarely speak HTML these days but they talk with each other much more than before. At the end of the day, HTML is just another text file that tells the browser how to display some content to the human beings while machines exchange data by API. I don't think that Android users are any worse than IOS users however I strongly believe that Google Play needs to rethink it's policies. Thank you, this is cool. It's very annoying to read comments like "I gave 1 star but it's a good game" however I wonder how much is the actual effect on the ratings. Hi, I can say Google translate did good enough job. The speculation here in Turkey is that these are just kids. I see lots of complains from Turkish users on lot's of websites. Many Turks are switching to English just to get rid of this kind of comments. Hi, I am aware that the post on my blog is pretty shallow but my intention was not to dive deeper into the problem anyway. As you confirmed, the phenomenon is real. I am an IOS user and I was shocked when a friend told me about the comments people are making at Google Play, so I quickly put together a blog and wrote a post that dramatically exposes the problem. The idea is to catch attention of the people so that those who have the necessary tools and time can investigate it thoroughly. The problem is real and hopefully somebody in the position to fix it would see the post. Haha, funny thing: I've seen comments greetings their loved ones. Like it's on TV and their relatives are watching it :) Unlike "The Pirates of Silicon Valley", "Jobs" was painful to watch and it was not only because it was a bad movie but because I've already red the biography by Isaacson. It felt like somebody was lying to me to things I know that are not that way. It was like a creationist teaching me the evolution theory. I don't claim that The Pirates of Silicon Valley is completely accurate but but Jobs(movie) was out of line. It's not just that it got many facts wrong or lacked very important events, it felt so wrong on many levels, especially the way characters were portrayed. I am trying to build an app with AppGyver(cordova with lot's of native UI and really cool workflow - like trying the app on device immediately OTA) however I must say it's very limiting and if you say you would skip the native UI and build everything by your own, the app feels not-so-snappy. I should really buy a Mac and code native, this WebviewUI approach just doesn't cut it. how reliable are these tapes? Dogecoin is an example how your story about your product could make it or break it. Dogecoin is not yet another digital currency and this has nothing to do with it's technology. Most of the articles about Flappy Bird are frustrating. Everybody assumes that the developer somehow "hacked" the system, refusing to believe a phenomenon where sometimes just everything aligns and makes you successful. What I find even pathetic is that people trying to explain how Flappy Bird hacked it's way by the means available to everybody - like botnets posting reviews. I think in the reality it's just this: Sometimes people or products happen to be at the right time at the right place. Think about celebrities. Are the most popular actors that much outstanding from many others? Or musicians? Or artists? Most of them just happen to be caught to the perfect storm and they shine. Think about an actor who was in few movies before, but this time he is the Top Gun - and now we have Tom Cruise. What He did in Top Gun that he didn't in Risky Business? We like to believe that we live in a meritocratic society but most of the time glamour is about luck. I am not even sure that there is anyone or any product that is so outstanding that millions of people celebrate it for it's meritocratic qualities. That's why sometimes an old song becomes a hit many years later, like the song Beggin' became popular again 40 years after it's first debut. Did Madcon somehow made an outstanding cover for first time in 40 years? Sometimes it becomes a meme, like Three Wolf Moon becoming one after a review on amazon. Was this review first of it's kind or something really that outstanding? I don't think so. Flappy Bird was caught by the perfect storm, that's it. The game had the qualities, just like many other games, and some chaotic chain of events placed the game to a position where it can run for the glamour. it's kind of similar to beerware: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beerware I was waiting for something like this, but I expected somebody to build a flappy bird playing robot :) Do you know some good literature for machine learning 101? Where to start? Actually, it's the other way around. On the demo video the presenter says "the audio signal is transmitted from the computer to the phone". here at 2:15 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5I6qV2b5iw I am more curious about if the phone has to be always listening and what happens if there is noise in the environment. Also what if the attacker manages to bring a recording device close enough? Is the distance important because of the amplitude or because of the delay due to the speed of sound? what if the attacker transmits the audio in real time? In Turkey, though not in EU but an EU candidate, the biggest GSM operator founded an appstore for Nokia devices and the developers were to receive 1/8th of the selling price exactly because of the complications. It was before the iPhone era, so the appstore had an unique advantage for exposure of the mobile apps to the clients but the one of the biggest benefits was that the GSM operator was handling the billing procedure. If you were to sell the apps by yourself, other than the need to process payment, you were required to send a bill to the buyer and figure out the tax payments. If you sold your app through the GSM operator's store, they would just add the purchase to the clients phone bill and handle the taxes. Because of this service, the developers would have been earning 0,125$ from 1$ sale. This is borderline to SPAM, so I think the e-mails should be very personal. If you have many competitors I am probably getting lot's of these e-mails which means you would have much harder time to get my attention. Let's say you are a hosting provider, I probably would not like to get an e-mail from you offering me some good price or hard to understand feature of yours, because there are probably lot's of cheap hosting providers out there and every other provider is trying to differentiate themselves somehow. Other than "identifying my problem" you really shouldn't sound like giving me a sales pitch. But if you noticed that, let's say I have 350ms response time in Asia when it's only 50 in USA and you have some solution for it, I probably will reply you even if I am not going to buy your service right away. This is Cool! Actually it was my plan to find local businesses with bad/outdated websites and offer them a "renovation" but I didn't think to do this pragmatically. Thanks for the cool idea :) If I am going to look for some freelance work, I may actually try to imitate your approach. Exactly! This is how I differentiate SPAM from legit e-mails too. I don't mind if somebody is offering me some service or something, why should I? If I have a problem to be solved, I would be happy to get the offer. I am pretty sure that I've seen these. I have to say, I admire Steve Jobs in a sense that I admire Frank Underwood character in House of Cards serial. By mobile you mean Android. In IOS, apps needs to explicitly ask the user to access the contacts after installing the app. How is this graphs fault? The only fault the graph has is that it clearly displays the data, the problem is in the idea that is represented. It's formally called "Correlation does not imply causation" and it's fault of the person who is suggesting it. There is a famous satirical version of this too: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:PiratesVsTemp(en).svg It has nothing to do with graphs, graphs are are just visual tools and people reading data from them are supposed to evaluate it just like reading data from any other tool and not jump into conclusions. What the graph in question suggests is that both "transistor count" and "average life expectancy in germany" have risen trough time and if you are reading this as "rising transistor count increases life expectancy" it's your fault. Why not read it like "from 1971 to 2011 both transistor count and life expectancy increased steadily, maybe because of the advances in technology - we should look into it, it's too early to say anything" This is not true. Correlation means that there is some kind of relation between two variables(for example, how they change over time) but it says nothing about the mechanics of the relation, which is the causation. Let me investigate this example: the observation: Students who watch less TV have better grades. It's not like pirates v.s. global warming, it actually makes sense at first and if you are the minister of education whose goal is to increase the grades among students and you don't have an idea about "Correlation does not imply causation" principle you may actually suggests to ban TV's to improve the education. You can even draw a fancy graph to support your idea. However, after further investigation you may find out that this would not work because it's not the TV that is causing the lower grades. Maybe the better students tend to watch less TV because they prefer to read books instead of watching TV. This time it may seem to suggests the opposite: Increasing the students success in school reduces the time the TV is watched. However after even further investigation you may find out that your better students are from poor families(maybe the schools in your country are accepting the best students without tuition and are not selective about these who can pay) that just don't have a TV set, or maybe these better students also need work part-time to support their families, thus they just don't have time for TV. Thus, you can't really change one value by synthetically manipulating the other one. Turns out, the correlation did not meant causation. I would not go into lengths to call correlation an evidence. It can be taken as a clue for further investigation because it also does not deny causation. My ex didn't have a smartphone but her phone had WhatsApp and Facebook and pretty much nothing else from the smartphone world was supported. I don't think that I had any choice other than WhatsApp since the person I wanted to talk had no other choice. I was using it not because of the interface or anything but because it enabled me, I personally don't like the visual design of WhatsApp btw. WhatsApp become incredibly popular here in Turkey and I suspect that it's mostly because of the fact that it was the only messaging app that almost everybody can install to their phone, including non-smartphone users. Everybody here have at least one phone but not everybody had a smartphone and if some of your friends are out of reach, its a deal breaker. Line, I belive had little bit traction, Viber too. WeChat even run TV ads but eventually, everybody have WhatsApp :) Thank you for the links. hmm, the logo's don't look like some giant-and-evil inc. is trying to sell you something so this could really appeal to the target community. makes sense. I remember reading an article about discount supermarket chains where the designs of the product packaging and the store itself were intentionally made cheap-looking to communicate the message "you pay only for the product, not for the fancy packaging, advertisement or store". So the logos of GNU maybe communicates just the right message instead of looking fancy. When you use the word "stealing" to describe anything other than shoplifting or burglary it instantly starts endless conflicts with each party with it's own definition of what is stealing based on their own definition of what is property and so on. I would like to describe the situation as cheating in the game without trying to going down into the rabbit hole that the digital goods opened(or expanded, since before the digital era we already had goods that are valuable other than it's material and building value. Books, Paintings, Designs, Blueprints and more). So, you are producing something with intention to gain money or maybe just reputation but often you already use other peoples work to do that - nothing is made out out of thin air. Then somebody is building some other product with some intention like making money, gaining reputation or something else and his product is using your product and maybe many other people's products. Let's say a website with AI that awesomely curates the content of other people. In this situation everybody produced a valuable product but the other guys product's success is on your expense. Ideally you would have an arrangement where everybody wins. I will give an example from the movies and music industries: a)When you have the arraignment it's iTunes store. b)When you don't have one, it's the Prate Bay. or Defense industries: a) When you have a contract it's joint venture and you exchange some information to build some product. b) When you don't have one and you spy on each other to create similar product its espionage. or personal relationships: a) When a couple are also seeing other people with the consent of the other one, it's open relationship b) If there is no consent, it's called cheating. It's not about stealing, it's about managing the resources in coordination with other parties so that everybody wins. Otherwise often one party wins in expense of the other, many time everybody loses in the long run. I agree, some of these effects are appropriator for negative ore attention seeking reactions. A checkbox must be checked before submitting the form? Shake the ckeckbox when the user clicks submit. Log-in failed? shake the log-in form. Word by word is feels unnatural, phrase by phrase may be better - I don't know. However, I have dyslexia and I often struggle to follow the line, sometimes I drop out and I have to read a sentence or two again to get in flow state. I found this method to really improve my reading speed but I am still not sure if want it as my default reading method. Hi, The method for blocking websites in Turkey is through ISP's DNS servers. So when you don't use a Turkish ISP DNS server you are all good with most of the blocked sites. Some websites, especially popular porn sites are blocked through the IP. In such cases you need a VPN or proxy. The tool you are using to check Twitter servers probably don't use a Turkish DNS server. If you don't believe, check the website status from the Informational Technology and Communication presidency of Turkey website: http://eekg.tib.gov.tr/ The court orders are displayed both in English and Turkish. You are welcome. If you have any questions feel free to ask, you can reach me by twitter too: @mrtksn this is how the DNS Look-up for twitter looks like at the moment: http://i.imgur.com/yKmmDYc.jpg I used TTNET's DNS server for this. It's the biggest ISP in the country. I just want to add few things: Most of the leaking tapes are from the corruption investigation that was effectively blocked by the PM. His son was to be detained too but he shuffled or dismissed any prosecutor or police force that would dare to. Later he restructured the Supreme Board of Judges and Prosecutors and did everything to stop the investigation and arrests. The son of the Interior minister was arrested too but the Interior minister himself remained in power till he helped out Erdogan to restructure judiciary and law enforcement forces. The legal files were leaked too. Turns out the Interior Minister knew about the ongoing investigation,so he created a team in the police to surveillance the other policemen who were after his son. It's surreal. Actually, censorship is nothing new for Turkey so some serious portion of the population knows how to overcome it. Probably these tweets are sent mostly by Turks in Turkey :) However, this is not the whole story. The current ruling party has huge support from the uneducated and/or religious masses that may not be that informed about the technology. Since 3 months new corruption documents are leaked through twitter, which puts pressure on the PM. Just yesterday there was a phone conversation of one of the Ministers leaked and apparently the guy was mocking Islam when he was trying to look like as devoted muslim in front of the public. I've down voted you because you claim that the leaked phone conversations are fabricated. few things about it: 1) some of the people involved accepted the authenticity of these recordings(some directly, some logically) 2) the recordings that were denied being authentic were investigated by audio forensic experts and they reported that these are real. 3) the pro-government media tried to scam US based audio studios to get reports to falsify these recordings. for an example, the mainstream pro-akp media used a report by Kaleidoscope Sound which was later denied by the studio. You can read their public statement here: https://www.facebook.com/KaleidoscopeSound 4) Other evidence brought to light by the opposition party supports the authenticity of these recordings. 5) These recordings are part of the legal prosecution. Though there were some recordings that were made illegally, the fact that the ruling party actively blocked the legal prosecution lives no choice for the public to learn about the accusations from the whistleblower. If the legal process was not blocked it would have been better to wait for the outcome of the prosecution, but in this case we don't have choice. Right now Turkish ISP's block twitter through their DNS. People using OpenDNS or Google DNS, or any other DNS service other than Turkish ISP's can access Twitter. However it's expected to see Twitter's IP's blocked anytime soon. In Turkey some websites, especially porn websites are also blocked by IP. Here is the DNS look-up result: http://i.imgur.com/yKmmDYc.jpg nope, unfortunately it's just your DNS cache. blocking Twitter is not censorship(because you can't expose private conversations about corruption) but downvoting is(because you are preventing pro-government statements being celebrated). this is what Turkish people are dealing with. I would like to post a comment from previous discussion, explaining what is this all about: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7439602 ------------ Background info: This is hypothesized to be a reaction to a series of audio recordings that were anonymously released over time. These were ridiculously damning, clearly someone is tapping phones without anyone else's knowledge. Previously: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/27/turkish-pm-corr... http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/iw/contents/articles/origina... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_corruption_scandal_in_Turk... Some highlights from the "alleged" recordings so far: - PM calling to get news about an opposing party removed from a TV channel multiple times - Modifying political poll results to manipulate public opinion - Getting people of opposing opinions fired - Buying a large paper shredder to destroy documents - PM calling son to ask how much money there is at home, son replies saying about 1 trillion, then switches to 3-5 kurush (cents in turkish). - PM calling son to say "they're raiding the houses, zero out the money". Son says there's only 30 million euros left. - Call to order the judges to be fixed, and says that a specific person is to be imprisoned. - Trying to manipulate who goes on the supreme court. - Says "ignore the prosecutor who's running the corruption investigations". Orders documents ripped up. (source: http://www.hurriyet.com.tr/yazarlar/25981622.asp ) The official reason for the shutdown is that there were sexual photos of some poor citizen released on twitter against her will, and she complained but twitter refused to take them down. So they decided to shut down the entire website. Yeah, right. Of course this is ominous that at the end of this month, the local elections will take place. No coincidence. It's surreal how all this is going down. It's like watching a conspiracy theory movie. Blatant shills everywhere, media manipulation abounds, blatant lies heard on TV from the horse's mouth. We were all skeptical already, it's inevitable when you live in a third world country for years, but wow. When you hear the insiders actually talking to each other, it's a whole new level. more news on this specific event: http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-blocks-twitter-after... http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2014/03/turkey-erdogan-... Related old post here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7189577 edit: Erdogan stated a few days ago that he didn't care what the world thought, and he would eradicate twitter. He said "how dare they listen to our encrypted phone conversations". It's expected that on the 25th, something huge is going to be released that might sway the elections bigtime. Whoever is posting these are doing it slowly and deliberately, a few days at a time, building up anticipation. So people think that twitter getting shut down is probably related to this. edit2: All recordings were put on youtube by someone: https://www.youtube.com/user/haramzadeler333 a reply: ------ I just want to add few things: Most of the leaking tapes are from the corruption investigation that was effectively blocked by the PM. His son was to be detained too but he shuffled or dismissed any prosecutor or police force that would dare to. Later he restructured the Supreme Board of Judges and Prosecutors and did everything to stop the investigation and arrests. The son of the Interior minister was arrested too but the Interior minister himself remained in power till he helped out Erdogan to restructure judiciary and law enforcement forces. The legal files were leaked too. Turns out the Interior Minister knew about the ongoing investigation,so he created a team in the police to surveillance the other policemen who were after his son. It's surreal. Actually many people expect that it's probably not a sex tape but evidence about a political assassination and the PM himself is involved. Since a while the whistleblowers are talking about it, giving teasers and so on. edit: the attorney of the victim made a statement that they didn't demand twitter shut down: https://twitter.com/uygar_sirin/status/446949526637527040/ph... Earlier this morning, a judge gave an interview to CNN Turk, saying that the court did not issued a complete shut down order bu the body who regulates the internet used the court order to do this. edit2: The prosecutor, quoted by the regulatory body as the reason for the shut down, denies such an order: https://twitter.com/e_altn/status/446953513839767553 -------------- This is like taking whole telephone network down because somebody is spreading lies on the phone. or blocking Google because it can be used to find child pornography. or Cutting the electricity in a whole country if somebody complained that he is being electrocuted. What should have been done is to prosecute the person who is doing it. It's not like these photos went mainstream or anything. Nobody knows who is that person or have seen these photos. Even if that was the case, you still have to punish the offenders, protect the victim without shutting down a fundamental service to everybody. Hopefully, till the end of time. The military interventions are the primary reason for political Islam to have such an influence over the Turkish society. Actually it's the Interior minister, the original OP probably made a mistake. The phone conversation goes like this: +son, tell me what do you have at home? is there anything... -no dad, what can I have? +how much money do you have at home? -only left overs from my own money, just few cents((3-5 kurush is an idiom to describe small, almost neglectable amounts of money)), you know about it... +how much? -about 1,000,000 Turkish liras(he says 1 trillion, in old currency - Turkey dropped 6 zeros from it's currency but people often use the old numbers) dad... 1,000,000 is about 450,000 USD you can listen to the recording here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJwlEpShpTM here are some photos from the raid, leaked to the press : http://i.imgur.com/mqBxsRB.jpg Here is english-dubed version of the leaked phone conversation between the PM Erdogan and his son, allegedly when trying to get rid of evidence: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htUIHJuDNzk&feature=youtu.be About the MITM attack: TurkTrust, the only ssl certificate authority in Turkey, was recently involved in a huge scandal: http://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2013/01/08/the-turktrust-ssl... Do you think that it's possible for the government to force TurkTrust to generate fake certificates for Google & Twitter and intercept the SSL traffic using TTNET? They did that, apparently by mistake, on the EGO(government company in Ankara) network by generating fake Google certificates. Is there something to stop them from doing this on national level? I don't think the ISP's would reject cooperation. They should be able to watch Twitter's frontend address and ban it accordingly. Right now the solutions are VPN, Tor and opera mini style proxy services. It's expected that they may go after these too. AFAIK the law requires ISP's to take measures against censorship avoidance methods. The PM acts against the social media as if it's an existential threat for him. I am not sure if he rationally calculates these actions or he just can't handle any speech that is not controlled directly by him.(as the leaks indicate, he practically controlled the traditional media for years since) take a look at the console. >Fails thus far: 5 A Turkish scholar have nice analysis on this. She thinks that the Turkish government does not seek to completely ban the spread of information and knows that it's not possible. Instead the government tries to demonize the social media to keep it's supporters away from it. here is the full article: https://medium.com/p/cb596ce5f27 I can confirm NS lookup to Google DNS, when done using the national cable ISP network, returns spoofed results. here: http://i.imgur.com/jfZS31C.png how about this: http://i.imgur.com/2jEais0.png The elections are tomorrow and it's prohibited by law to broadcast political rallies on the last day. The pro-government TV channels are broadcasting Erdogan's rallies while other TV channels respect the law(and they are afraid of disproportional penalties if they do the same). So today only Erdogan is on national TV. Erdogan claims that there is a "global conspiracy to stop the rise of Turkey" and people who believe him don't care much about the unlawful things he is doing because you know, Turkey is under attack and extraordinary measures should be taken to protect the country. Polls show that %77 of the population believe the corruption case against the government is real. However the situation is really complicated. Without going into details, I have to say that probably there is a real conspiracy orchestrated by the Gulen(islamic cleric allegedly with big influence on the judiciary & law enforcement) movement because some of the leaked tapes seems to be collected illegally. The Gulen movement was close ally with the government till recently. They probably collected evidence about the corruption in the government since years and waited until the right moment comes to start the criminal case. The PM responded by demonizing the whole movement and suspending the rule of law. The allegations against the Gulen movement are not proven at all but few years ago the same prosecutors started a case against the military and lot's of unlawful things took place during the whole trail process. That time the PM Erdogan strongly supported the case but today he claims that this was a conspiracy against the Turkish army. Many lawyers agree that lots of the evidence against the military was fabricated and many people were imprisoned for political reasons. Back then a sex tape of the main opposition party leader was leaked and PM Erdogan used it as a political tool. Today the same PM claims that these leaks about corruption are invasion of his privacy. Another leak shows that the PM was involved in the filming and distribution of the sex tape of the opposition party. It's just huge mess here. O.K. This is probably a stupid question but if it was apparent to many that the code of OpenSSL was horrible why people kept using it and nobody tried to re-factor it? How it is possible that such a popular and critical piece of opensource software survived the years without a complete face-lift and nobody wrote thorogh documentation? Actually, I recall a short documentary about the production of the Apple ads and as far as I remember Apple uses real photos of products, not CGI. But probably because of the difficulties of capturing photos of LCD screen(white balance, polarization, luminescence intensity and so on) they may be replacing screens with screenshots. This was the argument of the Turkish government all the time. Why accept requests from Germany, France, UK, USA but not Turkey? funny, pastebin is blocked in Turkey. The censorship is not conservative in turkey With the rise of the cloud, now everybody manages a server. I am curious about how many of the admins actually know what are they doing. If I have to speak for myself, I set up my first ssl by following a guide that seemed to written by reasonably well informed stranger. It was my first exposure to the topic so I could not tell what I am doing until I break things and start reading deeper materials so that I can debug the problems by understanding what's going on. Turns out that the stranger who wrote the tutorial I followed was not well informed at all. Back then I hadn't access to the internet(1997-8?) and I was trying to figure out how this LCD screen thingy was working by dissecting the parts of my Casio clock and I found out about this "miracle" glass that looks just as normal one but inverts the screen colors(=b&w) when put in different position. I have to say, it made me a badass :) Now-days kids could just look it up in minutes an move on. I am not sure if this is a good thing. On the rainy days the Nissan cars would look much prettier among all these dirty cars. I guess in such a case the whole brand would benefit. Every single car would be like an advertisement with all the spotlights on them. are they selling Russian software to Russians? if not, beside strong education in the soviet times, it's probably a very good career to sell software to the westerners. Actually, Apple's one of the main selling points is the apps(remember "there is an app for that" ads?). Apple definitely wants to make developers happy but I imagine this is very hard thing to do on scale. I don't think that Apple would risk to lose it's developers to other platforms, they should have witnessed how Windows Mobile desperately tries to boost it's app numbers and how Android pushed hard to reach big numbers of apps for everything. Their Mac platform also suffered from "everybody supports Windows" situation. Apple also tried to stop cross platform apps getting in the AppStore by banning apps made with 3rd party tools(I believe they rationalised it by saying that it's about the app quality but later they got less stricter on this). So yes, Apple wants to make developers happy so that IOS platform gets the best apps but it's just hard thing to do. However it would have been better if Apple had a competitor on the premium apps business, Google's money comes from advertisement which probably keeps them unmotivated to transform their store to more premium marketplace. If Android becomes serious money-making platform this probably would push Apple harder to solve developer problems too. >This is about Apple simply sucking really hard at anything related to the web I concur. My point was to challenge the statement about Apple not caring about it's developers. I don't defend Apple's way of handling this, there are industry standards to handle service outages, Apple should implement them. There is a chess app on IOS that suggests you moves and warns you against obvious situations where you would lose your piece. It's using an old but still popular engine: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/chess/id522314512?mt=8 I had most fun with this chess engine. Stockfish engine was not fun at all, it was playing like an "asshole" most of the time and when the AI strength is reduced it was like playing against a stupid "asshole". When playing against human you feel like your opponent is on something but against AI you feel like you run for your life. Mind you though, I am very amateur chess player, I play only recreationally. It's nice, like animate css: http://daneden.github.io/animate.css/ My main problem with CSS animations is that it does not have an easy way to detect and intercept the animation stage. Sure you can listen to animation start, iteration and end, even you can get time elapsed but I am not aware of how I can get individual key frames and change it on the fly. I don't agree with the example about Candy Crush integration with facebook for asking friends for lives. I don't think it's in the same category with "share on facebook to earn free gold" kind of practices, which are what Apple is after for in my opinion. They are completely different: one rewards spamming, the other involves a game mechanic where you ask your friend to do something for you(though it's possible to bug your friends that have nothing to do with the game, if you are inconsiderate person). It's O.K. to ask your friends for a help but it's still your duty to think about bothering if your friend would be annoyed or not. This is particularly interesting article because they have the answer to the question on the bottom of the page: http://i.imgur.com/0NdMB4S.png The share icons are Facebook, Twitter and Google+ logos. The share icon that nobody agrees to is actually just the icon that is going to reveal the interface of the actual share icons. I think that users don't want to share, they want to post on facebook, tweet or do the thing that people on google+ do(sorry, never used it) because the context of the thing that you are going to share is often appropriate to one of these and the reflex of the user is something like "I should post this on facebook so that my friends see it" or like "I should tweet this so that my audience sees it". You can't find the logo for the share icon because the action is fundamentally something else. I don't know, maybe the button that will open the interface for the sharing buttons should just represent the logos of the services available. apparently the zip file contains an installation of symfony2 with supposedly the cnet code as bundles. I don't know, it's kind of boring to look at the code of a standard portal website built with a well known framework. instead of posting the source code(which I hadn't looked further than directory structure so I can't confirm if it's real, because well, it's just another symfony code) why just don't tell that cnet is hacked and they are using symfony and explain who and how did this? I really can't see much value of distributing the source code of a standard website built with a standard library. hmm, it's an advertisement for those who may want the database file. the zip file contains a read.me file which has a bitcoin address in it, offering the DB for 1 BTC. I don't think that this post should be on HN. an you were right :) Somebody took "the user is drunk" UI design method quite literally :) Here is a video about the "the user is drunk" idea: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2CbbBLVaPk Basically, the idea is about assuming that your user has an attention and a vision of a drunk person, not designing a UI for literally drunk people. I highly recommend the video. I like how dynamics of complex systems are getting so captivating and easy to understand by visually simplified simulations rather than mathematical expressions. The human mind somehow grasps these dynamic, subconsciously creates an in-brain simulation and you can predict what will happen when you play with the parameters on the computer simulation. It just feels so natural. You are not non-existent, you are just taking another path where some things are "easier"(from locals perspective, it's usually easier to get a spot at a good school) to achieve they are actually much harder to hold because you are out of the safety net. Other things are incredibly laborious and some things are effectively out of your reach. From techie perspective, think of it as dirty and quick hack. You are basically quick fix at the system, you don't conform to predefined interfaces and you do not fell in any of the object categories but you still can interact with other objects. Because you don't go from all the checks, some things are easier to you and you can run faster but at the same time you are out of any error checking mechanism. If you fail, you fail dirty and you can't recover. So when you are an illegal in a country, you usually have access to some things like education and healthcare(sometimes easier than the locals) but you may have incredibly hard time to open a bank account and anything that depends on you having a bank account(the things that are easy and hard depend on the country). It all depends on what paperwork is needed, sometimes you hack your way to obtain certain paperwork(I know a guy who is taking the metro for free, so he would be fined and they will send him a mail with the fine and he will use that mail as proof of address to open a bank account). Being illegal in a country is very interesting beast. Some people, like the person with the most upvoted comment make it look lşke it's a privilege but it's not. Do you fancy to be an illegal? Burn your documents and pretend that you are somebody else. Fancy being illegal immigrant to enjoy the "privilege"? Burn your documents and pretend that you are the illegal immigrant you want to be. That comment is incredibly shallow, it revolves around "they break our rules :(" without actually considering the circumstances and questioning the rules. This is a shameful comment for a website called hacker news. Please go write your opinions on respecttheauthority-news something. studying is probably one of the easier tasks for an illegal immigrant. states don't want to have much illiterate and skilless people around and don't want to block those who want to get educated so usually they have all kind of exemptions to enable people get education. also, because the education on the planet is not uniform things like maths tests can go long way instead of paper work. Translation: Important information for our customers in Turkey We regret to inform you that PapPal is ceasing its operations in Turkey. Starting on 6th of June 2016, our customers in Turkey will no longer be able to send and receive money from their accounts. Our customers can access their accounts and transfer any balances into a Turkish Bank Account. We want to stress that as PayPal our customers are our number one priority. However our application for license was denied by the local regulatory body and we were ordered to stop operations. We advise our customers to follow for more information about the impact on them. We thank our customers for choosing us and we will continue to work to obtain the necessary permission so that we can provide service in the future. I think this is a very valid question. For me, the undeniable fingerprint of Gulenists is the fact that police chiefs dismissed for affiliation with Gulen were caught inside the military tanks. There are videos of it and I don't see any other logical explanation for catching suspicious civilians in military vehicles during a coup. For people who followed the last 10 years of the Turkish politics, the Gulenist affiliation is obvious but I think it is still very hard to explain it to people who are exposed for the first time. Before Erdogan, the Turkish military was actively cracking down on the Gulenist infiltration and it is 40 years old subject with hard to believe but proved multiple times conspiracies. Gulenists always abuse the benefit of doubt and as a secretive cult usually the evidences against them have some kind of explanation and all these strange coincidences are tagget as normal. After all, there is nothing stopping the Lottery from winning on the 1 2 3 4 5 6 numbers every time, its just improbable so it is not 100.000000% guarantied to be fraud. Very valid question and I tried to explain it here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12189296 Basically, few police chiefs dismissed for Gulen affiliation were caught inside the tanks involved in the coup and there are videos of it. Fair enough. Here is an article with a video: http://www.mynet.com/haber/guncel/emniyet-muduru-vatan-cadde... If you were a Gulenist you would have claimed that this video is not what it isand try to be likeable so people who don't speak Turkish would choose to believe you. A proper Gulenist would say that this video just shows a guy in a military uniform. What you should do is to google the name of the guy and find old articles with photos about him being dismissed from his job as a police chief. There are reports about him committing suicide. That's the spirit. The subject is incredibly complex. Google Translate would not help you. I would suggest reading articles by foreigners living in Turkey. Try Claire Berlinsky, a British national and the biographer of Margaret Thatchet. She is living in Turkey since a decade and closely following the political science. https://mobile.twitter.com/ClaireBerlinski What happens if you use that data to create entirely new database? Let's say, can I create a database of people who work at Google and like ice cream by scrapping linkedIn and Facebook? maybe un-Googleable but social-mediable as the pun increases visibility when the sharing and voting mechanism is involved. Probably that's how the project was briefed to the designers, so... Right, but in that case could adopt the Wikipedia model. So, donations. In some countries macs are ridiculously expensive for students and even for professionals and people just install MacOs on their already available PCs so that they can mess around with XCode or the tooling for web development. Sure you can have most of the tooling on Linux for example but the MacOs UI is much better than anything available for Linux distros. Also, curiosity. No I can't but for me it means that it always performs well no matter if I am watching video or messing on sublime text or I am on the terminal. Also, the terminal for me is only about the work I do and almost never about managing my computer because my computer works as expected. My blood boils when I hear about linux on desktop because my experience always involved up keeping linux doing millions of easy things all the time just to make the thing run. Some funny glitch when running Chrome? Oh that's because of the display driver, update it and you'll be fine but to update it you need to install some dependencies and to install these dependencies you need to add some repo. Oh great now the app that worked is no longer working because installing drivers somehow messed to the permissions of some folder, just run this command to fix the permissions and now you are all good. Remember that app that was crashing due to permissions? Yeah, it was due to a bug that is fixed on the new version now you need to run this command o undo the permissions change because the bug was fixed and now it's not working with the hack. I like not maintaining my tools, I don't maintain my macbook except for installing updates when prompted and cleaning the screen and the keyboard every now and then. My uptime tends to be from OS update to OS update. US users probably don't know much about it but Interrail is one of the greatest things about being young European, together with the Erasmus student exchange program. Add the very low-cost airline ticket to the mix on a continent that is quite safe and peaceful place and you may start to understand why young people are much more positive towards the EU project than the previous generations. EU is also planning to give Interrail tickets to to all young EU citizens, I hope it becomes a reality: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/interrail-pas... Europe can be cheap as much as you want, hitchhiking and youth hostels are safe and available pretty much everywhere. You can even visit expensive cities like London for about 20$-30$ a day by sleeping in a hostel and and eating fast food(or even cheaper if you do groceries and cook in your hostel). I really love what we have in Europe, it would be a huge tragedy if it all collapses back to the divided and hostile Europe. I understand how it concerns you and how on principle can be against your ideology but I wouldn't call a train ticket "disgusting" :) Giving young people means to travel is not brain washing, it's actually the opposite as they can actually go to that country and see what it is all about so they would be less susceptible to propaganda. It's like public education but with no teachers to push an ideology(it's just a ticket, doesn't come with a guide), I would say that if EU manages to pull this of it would be a great public service. Nope, you can get a Schengen Visa and you will be able to visit most of the countries. Also, EU citizens can travel visa free. There is a visa free travel opportunities for many other citizens from the world as EU or individual countries have special agreements with many countries. So no, it is not a 100 bucks per country visa fees. That's quite right. You can safely add $10 per flight for transport to the airport. I wonder what will happen when AI is good enough to imitate real internet users and ad agencies just spin up some servers in some datacenter that handles millions of bots that are indistinguishable from real people and follow the formula of the influencers. It's very interesting in Safari on macOS when you switch to another tab. (I guess) You can see how Safari's power saving kicks in as the counter stops refreshing the tab title instantly after the 10th second and the next refresh is after 10 more seconds and the intervals of refresh increase as time passes. It's crowdsourced, it will have more info as it gains popularity Depending on how Protectionist Trump actually becomes, global companies like Google and Facebook may have huge challenges. Russia and China already had the idea of local alternatives and the EU was pushing for data protection for a while. Governments might decide that it is not good idea give that much information about their population to the USA and maybe we will see the end of truly global companies. It might be good for Apple though, as with it's strict data collection limitations. The end of the truly global companies in the US or anywhere. Especially the companies relying on mass adoption and data collection will probably be forced to scale back and if feasible run separate Data centres in individual countries and be strictly regulated. I have been reading for years how broken the current system is, so I would bet that there is a market for that. The issue is the motivation behind the change. What if the changes are designed to please an electorate that is not directly impacted but they just really really want to see some heads rolling? There are some serious credibility issues with the current US govt. Left or right, populists pretend to swing a magic wand and magically fixing problems. Ban immigrants, implement 90% tax for the rich and so on, until these vote generating policies break apart. My iPhone camera face detection was able to detect some of the camouflaged examples instantly. As you said the current marketing message implies distrust and sounds like an app for the mafia dealings. If this was my app, I probably will stress that it is against friends and families that may mess with your phone. I would skip the overly complicated technical explanation and the jargon and just say that it needs the other phone to play the video, so you don't have to worry about your SO cheeky friends. Currently, when an EU citizen enters UK from the Heathrow Airport we can just scan our passports on the machine and get through. Usually there would be a nice lady to assist you if you are having trouble with the scanning. Usually there isn't even other personnel around. I never encountered any checks or questioning. But then again, the British tend to be very civil and I can't imagine getting a treatment similar to those we keep hearing about US borders. I hope Brexit doesn't change this too much. UK is different from the rest of the EU, where is pretty much the same as your example of the US. On the Schengen area there is no border controls as the physical borders don't exist and to travel in EU all you need is your national ID card if you don't want to bother with a passport. I prefer the passport, I think you can't use the ID card on the automated UK border check. Luminati is brilliant and evil idea at the same time, also is one of the reasons why I believe that at some point the voting manipulation will go a bit too far and the norm would become to connect all of the accounts to a single real person because otherwise it would be impossible to collect meaningful data about the user behaviour and the quality will nosedive. If bots become very intelligent and do create quality content, the money would be in manipulating social media not in running a social media service because nobody will be happy showing ads to bots - no matter how insightful comments they post. Reddit/Facebook/Twitter etc. will want their algorithm to cure the content even if the content itself is create by machines. As fraud becomes ubiquitous, the harder the tech giants will fight. What if the popularity based content curation creates problems like mobs, genocide, destruction of democracies, destruction of alliances, destruction of the environment, destruction of institutions? Think of smaller non-digital social groups and how bad a rumour can affect somebodies lives and how helpful is to have somebody respected who can break the positive feedback loop. Pre-digital communities faced similar problems of the digital media and they were able to build mechanisms to cope with these. These companies are trying to implement similar mechanism to break these loops and are going to be effective only if the fact checking organisations do good job. If it works our, we can have the information spread freely but displayed in a context. So If you a fact checking organisation proves to be reliable, users will be able to have more accurate understanding of the reality. If the fact checkers fail, people will just disregard the judgements of these. You can improve that with better ad space placing and styling but seems about right. Also 1000 impressions pay about 1 click. The earnings per click will vary wildly depending on your content "quality"(whatever Google's algorithms decide is quality) and category(content about insurance will probably bring better paying insurance ads and content about 9/11 conspiracies will probably bring less paying ads). AdSense has many problems but it's not a scam. Same. I think people are starting to figure out what it is and that it's not just a toy for geeks. I definitely see it much more on women than men. Asking for mic permission with no apparent reason is scary, many people will not allow it. Also you can easily change it from the settings. Apps on Apple App Store can't stop functioning just because of a permission is not given. If the app can't perform it's function without a specific permission the developer needs to explain it to the users and ask them to go into the settings and lift the ban. So if an app that does not have a really good reason for asking for the mic, the use can just deny that permission and continue using the app. No need for fishing in the sewage until you find the gold among the sh*t and it's my main reason to use IOS over Android(Though I hear its getting better). Probably because your industry is regulated. What exactly Google will win from spending money just as it is spending today to run the services but stop making any financial returns? Why would investors be happy of Google catering to a market that has only expenses but no profit or hope for future profit due to regulatory reasons. I guess EU locals would enjoy the ad-free experience... Sorry you feel that way but I think it is a fascinating example of governments interference in the communication channels. I wrote the political information to give a context. The information is factually correct, it's not my interpretation except defining the message as a propaganda message. There are numerous reports accompanied with video recording as evidence. I'll dismiss your report as it comes from an account created 20min ago and you don't provide any evidence. But I hope that they came to senses and stopped playing the message, at least for the emergency calls. I added many more links to solidify the evidence, including a link from BBC. The age of your account combined with the factually wrong information that you provide indicates that you are spammer at best, govt. propaganda worker at worst. I'm really sorry that the Turkish population is so divided and I am sorry for what Gulenists did to this country, it's just sad. He says: "I would like to congratulate the 15th of of July, the democracy and national unity day. I pray to God for the Martyrs and I wish health and prosperity to our wounded" It may sound benign but the actors and they way the coup attempt happened are disputed and close to half of the population does not subscribe to the official accounts. The main opposition leader claims that the coup attempt happened under supervision of the president himself and was used as a tool to grab total control of the state. Interesting question. Some Turkish operators provide a premium service that lets users play a message or some music to their callers while their phone is ringing. I would guess that the same technology was used. Think of it as if the Queen speech was about the excellent job the British people did on the Brexit referendum, defeating the traitors. Currently, a little bit more of the half of the population supports Erdogan and the other half hates him. Though admittedly the anti-Erdigan half did not support the coup as it is believed to be orchestrated by another islamist, but still... AFAIK the evidence is that well known civilian Gulen affiliates were caught in military bases and armoured vehicles on the coup night but a concrete evidence of Gulen himself giving the orders do not exist. A bit like the story of the Russian military personnel in Ukraine(like everything points to Russia but Kremlin denies any involvement and claims that the caught soldiers were on a vacation in war zone). If you want to read more about the subject, here is a nice write up by pro-Erdogan, liberal, non-islamist(yep, they still exist) Turkish jurnos: https://medium.com/@15thJulyCoup/who-was-behind-the-15th-jul... The biggest private shareholder of the Turk Telekom is the Saudi Arabian Oger Telecom. Maybe they did not play ball because of the Qatar crisis? Yes, so? Do you have a point? My point was that the British public would not be happy if the Queen used her time on TV to push the agenda of the half of the nation - like openly supporting or opposing Brexit using channels that are not available to the opposition. Erdogan came to power thanks to the support of the liberals. He had their support because before Erdogan Turkey wasn't a liberal democracy and Erdogan actually had very progressive agenda compared to the hard core secularist establishment. That's how he had the support of the EU and USA liberals too. Turkey before Erdogan wasn't much different than today but with much less islamic sauce in the politics. Definitely not "Fake News". TRT(Turkish equivalent of BBC) reported that the stunt was organised by the BTK(Information Technologies Committee, govt. body): http://www.trthaber.com/haber/gundem/gsm-operatorlerinin-abo... I don't want to bring the classical Turkish political debates to HN. I will briefly say that Turkey actually had really good progressive years under AKP right until they teamed with the Gulenist and begin arresting people for the Ergenekon&Balyoz. Turkey before Erdogan was also not short of imprisoned journalists and intellectuals, that's why liberals were eager to give Erdogan a chance. If data needs to be processed, an option would be to use MongoDB for collecting the data in bulk and later decide how you need to structure it for your needs. When it comes to "read" the data, you read it only from processed database that can be anything. Since you can do your processing completely independently of your web server, your are not necessarily pushing your computational load from the DB to the web server. You definitely can but MongoDB provides convenience over storing and managing JSON files on you filesystem by your own efforts. replied to the same question here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14805812 Well, that's also an option :) But I believe this is a relatively new option. Personally, I never got into the hype with the NoSQL and for me the only use is as a convenient API for storing JSON files during prototyping so that I can later decide how my data should be structured. Definitely tech debt for the future but fast iterated design that needs the database stuff fixed has more chance for success than the rigid design with the perfect data architecture. Any RDBMS is just a toolset to manage files on some filesystem. If you are dealing with some config files you can spare yourself the trouble and just load them from the filesystem. NoSQL or classic RDBMS, these tools give you ways to manage your data on the filesystem(or in the memory?). You can spend time to write a code that processes files in a folder or you can use the software that does it for you. You can write a code that relates two files in a folder or you can use a software that already can do it and you can just ask that software for the outcome. Well I guess some people wonder why people are using ready software when you can achieve the exact same thing with a text editor and a compiler. You are underestimating the complexities of file management Don't they count minorities as Americans or do the minorities in the USA don't speak their native language or aren't there minorities? How is it possible to say that it is rare in the USA to be bilingual? At least in Europe and the Middle East, most countries have large minorities that speak the local and native language since early age and learn English on top of it. So trilingual or even more languages is pretty common thing. UK is a high-income country so these things listed as lavish can be done on bus driver level of income. 1950gbp for 7 people is like 280gbp per night, which is less than any luxurious accommodation in London. An employed UK citizen doesn't have to rob a bank to stay in Las Vegas for few days and rent an exotic car. Oh and I would not take a Daily Mail article as a facts source. What it could have actually happened is that he created a proof of concept code that can do these things, not actually creating a malware to steal bank details. So before transportation there were no roads, then Humans begun using animals and the roads were formed to accommodate animal based transport. Then Animal powered mechanical transport(carriages) was invented and people made roads to accommodate the new means of transport. Then the fully mechanical transport came and we just made roads for these machines. For some reason, this time Humans are trying to keep the roads the same. Well, actually not, there are project to create roads designed for self driving vehicles. I think those in the software industry have a hammer and now see everything as a nail. What a successful AI transportation system would be? Probably based on specifically designed infrastructure that is using the AI tech that never worked for the old school roads. At the point when the AI operated cars can handle all kind of situations better than humans, they will be intelligent enough to be classified as human beings. Sometimes I wonder, how it is to be an engineer working for a crazy dictator. I would guess you get some special privileges, you are not tied to any regulations but your constrains are budget and supply chain efficiency. The dictator does not need to explain things to the public, does not need to obey the law so you can have a crazy idea about that machine you want to build and if you can convince one guy, you have it all. No, you didn't have Face ID on your 950, you had whatever you had. It's Apple's speciality to take good ideas that were never implemented properly and do it properly. On my previous job I sat right next to VP of product but she would often use the office of the SVP who is not around most of the time. Open space office with more than 50 people on each floor, it was very interesting for a while(as you can see how $2B business is run in one picture) but it was one of the primary reasons I quit. Beyond the ongoing noice and distractions, it doesn't allow you to have cycles of work and thought. Well, I actually would have them but it feels weird to be the guy who stares at random things and people for prolonged time :) This is probably the main reasoning behind the "crazy" valuation of some companies that have seemingly simple business model of selling ad views. People who talk about some kind of tech bubble often dismiss the indirect value, the value beyond the basic economics of their business models. If a company is not making money but there are lots of people trying to keep it around it probably means that the company is making money for these people but it's not reflected to the books directly or the payment is due for later time. It's bit of like building roads that on the books may look like unprofitable venture but the utility they provide makes possible for other businesses to flourish so the roads are kept build and maintained. Do we really want to see Twitter gone? It's service is invaluable but it feels like they should be state-run or non-profit run or run by a company like Apple that makes it's money from directly selling something to it's users. Not only because Twitter fails to directly make money but also because it harness immense power to shape the human population(but they are not as good as Facebook in this). Twitter is the medium about what's happening RIGHT NOW. In before you would open the TV or the radio to get information about what's happening right now but these days many people would look at Titter to get information about "RIGHT NOW". It could be mundane things about the lives of other people or it could be an event that's affecting large number of people. If something is happening, there would be reports of observations and there would be statements from people in position of making statements. I don't really think that a state should run a service about what's happening right now but I think that Twitter is invaluable service to the public that needs to be dealt with carefully. Twitter's power is well beyond the power of displaying ads to users and the only failing thing is the business of displaying ads to users in exchange for money. Twitter's core function is strong, it's not a failing product. The TV is also criticised for low quality content but still it is a fundamental medium and the way it is managed is regarded as a basic benchmark for democracies. why? Instant reports of witnesses about ongoing events and instant statements from those who are supposed to be in control of the ongoing events. It's invaluable. Why do you blame Twitter for the low quality articles that are about Twitter? Maybe you should direct your anger to those who write the news, not Twitter itself. The US political alt-right narrative doesn't translate well to the UK, there were many news stories about the acid attacks and the TL:DR; was that these attacks used to be directed towards women in conservative muslim immigrant communities but these days it's just a convenient weapon for gang activities and jealous or vindictive lovers - immigrant or not. Why it is a convenient weapon? Cheap to buy and readily available, easy to carry around in a bottle and completely legal(I think that part is changing). Some Immigrant neighbourhoods being poor is nothing new, and poor neighbourhoods suffering from criminal activities is again nothing original. Again, these neighbourhoods are not new and the immigrants hadn't moved there recently. So it doesn't look like some kind of immigrant critical mass was reached and they start throwing acid. So no, you hadn't uncover a mystery or spoken the words that nobody dares to. My guess would be that someone used acid for their criminal activities and had positive(from offender POV) results and it spread out as MOW. Outstanding. It seems like they attacked an identified problem with an engineered solutions instead of political one. Shame that it never had the chance to be. A clickable link to my questionnaire: https://recrt.typeform.com/to/abCuHB Well, I put my number on my CV then uploaded that CV to CV-Library. Later I removed my number but I think my profile is being shared and I still get few calls a day. When a recruiter calls, I tell them to send me an e-mail instead but they are almost never happy with this and they try to make me talk right now. Very pushy behaviour in general. We all love Google's products but your comment is needlessly emotional. Google is not charity, it's always good to remember that. Google is not giving away the source code of Android for philanthropic reasons, it's just part of the business model, i.e. the process of money making to pay the employees and the shareholders. Oh and Apple is definitely not putting arbitrary restrictions to anything, all the restrictions have a reason - that you might or might not agree to but definitely not random. In case you want to bypass Apple and run a code on your iPhone, you can do it by compiling it and installing it personally. I think EU will investigate the companies that have large enough marketshare that they can abuse their position. I don't know about that, microphones and cameras are universally available but it doesn't look like the hotspots of the creative industry changing that much - despite local successes like Bollywood or the Turkish TV series. I think the troubles caused by the decline of the old industries are largely due to the culture of investing your life in a company and only getting a salary out of it. The software industry is closer to the creative industry where you try to extract as much as value possible and move on. Blockbusters and failures, agism, giants becoming outdated and loosing value like ageing milk and more culturally appropriate ones taking the scenes is not something that you can outsource. Some animations are even outsourced to North Korea. My argument isn't that jobs won't be outsourced but that the impact is different. The idea is that the industry will stay where the innovation happens and for innovation to happen well understood part of the work will be outsourced to a place that is willing to do the hard work for cheaper. I think it's called optimisation. Ad sponsored content is optimised to lock in the user and take him/her to the extremes.