I'd been puzzling why the name was so familiar and it's because this man is the source of the ultimate Smug Lisp Weenie quote... Greenspun's Tenth Rule of Programming: "Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad-hoc, informally-specified bug-ridden slow implementation of half of Common Lisp." Sup Dawg, We heard you like tumors so we... No? I'll get my coat. It's too monolithic for my taste. It should be taking a leaf from Django's own design book and providing some high-level CMS building-blocks. Otherwise you just end up reinventing Wordpress or Joomla. Look at Pinax* or FeinCMS for a much smarter sense of how to get Django goodness without reinventing the CMS wheel everytime. * I know Pinax isn't a CMS - but it's tackling the hard problem of how to allow several apps by different authors to work together and integrate into the same site. Mmmm. Interesting. I wonder how much of the criticism of Pinax there is down to the specific apps and how much is down to the architectural philosophy it's trying to put in place. On one hand Pinax guys are smart, on the other packaging/deployment/reuse are hard problems. Here's hoping x>y! That's strangest. I found it one of the warmest and most rewarding internet-related pieces I'd read in a long while. It made a few assumptions about your understanding of the context but, goddamit, someone is entitled to do that on their own blog! Sigh. HN mangled the quotes out of the query string but it still seems to do the job. and is there any hope that the EuroDjangoCon videos will ever appear? I was really looking forward to seeing those :-( I will state here-forth that I am prepared to perform such deeds, to go lower than man has ever gone, to plunge the depths of degradation just in order to gain an early invite to Google Wave. Thank-you. andybak@gmail.com Multiple tiling windows is an idea long past it's prime and I've never been keen on Apple's particular take on this model. Quite often I find that bringing Finder to the front covers the whole screen with the 16 or so Finder windows that I forgot that I had open and which bear no relation to the task I am currently trying to perform. A single window finder with a history and a way to split into two or four tiles might be better. Of course the tricky thing is making this work for naive users as well as power users. This isn't an easy problem but naive users struggle massively with the current model too and that's not especially optimal for power users either. With the Bilski case still hovering around the upper echelons of the judicial system, now would be an excellent time for someone with deep pockets to take on Software Patents in general. Please let this be the straw that breaks the camels back. http://www.kronenberg.org/ies4osx/ For the latter: http://www.chromeextensions.org/appearance-functioning/adblo... Best I can find for the former: http://www.chromeextensions.org/appearance-functioning/lastp... The website failed the 'Skim the front page and try and figure out what it's for' test. Anyone care to summarize the tedious waffle? It's quite interesting how emotionally involved I got watching a couple of these. I had to stop because it was making me angry. When I first read about the Prisoner's Dilemma in a Douglas Hofstadter book (probably Godel, Escher and Bach although I'm not sure) I went around reading everything I could about it as I felt it was saying something important about society. Today I'm not entirely sure that's the case but it still fascinates me... I'm waiting for a Lisp dialect with significant white space. I think I've turned into an anti-brackets-of-any-kind snob. "Emace: A pretty good operating system, but it could use a better text editor." I can't trace the source of this quip but I'm glad someone has set out to prove the first part of it... You're linking to information on a ZX Spectrum which is not a ZX81. The ZX81 had a monochrome character mapped display with no pixel access (well - there were tricks that could sort of give you pixel access but they came much later than the time 1k chess was written) Whatever anyone can say about Python you can't deny how nice it looks on the page. Thank god they finally went for the sensible option. It would have been highly irritating if it was rejected as an unnecessary dependency (which some people were arguing). Some choice quotes: "Switching back to HTML4 is driven by the same kind of purity-beats-practicality, fashion-conscious silliness that made us all switch to XHTML in the first place." "But to worry about being able to instantly switch to the doctype-du-jour -- or rather last years' doctype-du-jour -- as well as having HTML validity - that's not being a perfectionist, it's called OCD, and I'm drawing the line there." He does go on to mention that 'HTML5 will save us' - at least from quibbling over vs ... Some context: It's mainly about Django's Admin and form generation - in most other places Django is markup agnostic. It is and there are fixes out there for the HTML/XHTML thing but this is mostly an argument about defaults and built-ins. Because then I can mix and without some smart alec telling me my document doesn't validate. There are however some good CMS's built on Django: http://github.com/matthiask/feincms http://www.django-cms.org/ He's not very good as the public face of Google, is he? Especially as his privacy blind spot corresponds to the one PR topic that has the ability to genuinely harm Google. I wonder why the geek-friendly faces of Sergey and Larry don't appear more often and why someone doesn't persuade Eric to stay in his lair, errr, office a bit more. What do you think Hixie's view on Larry's actions were? He certainly sparked the controversy with his public reaction to Larry. Was it justified? Was he overreacting? Politicking? There's more to this story even if it's just people politics. Only if Google acts on it without checking first which is pretty unlikely if you think about it for more than a nanosecond. Interesting. If only I'd been shown that 15 years ago when I still had some ability to rewire my neuronal pathways. "They solicited the community for ideas for months." Maybe soliciting for ideas visionary UX guru's would have worked out better for them. UI design is a technical art-form not a popularity contest. You've got some incredibly complex proposals being thrown into an incredibly complicated system (and by that I mean the entirety of the social, political and economic realm - not just health-care). The law of unintended consequences is going to play out here massively. Not only is it an intractable problem to predict the outcome from our perspective but it will be near-impossible for historians in decades hence to look back and separate which of their present society's ills were caused by this bill or by the million other factors that occurred in the intervening years. And in other news - geeks with beards lose clients. If you're going to put 'Who needs Flash' in the title then this is low hanging fruit. :-) Has anyone got any examples of more complex games in HTML/JS? I'd be interested to see how far people can push performance. The only benchmarks I remember seeing currently put Canvas+JS at a significant disadvantage over Flash but I'd love to be corrected on that. Adobe can't fix Flash (the plugin) on OSX by copying code from VLC. As far as I understand it, the problem is the rendering pipeline provided by the OS and browser. Any live examples yet? I haven't noticed any problems with it. Would somebody care to list the worst 3 horrors of the new layout in order of ruining-my-life-ability? One thing that prevents me switching from SVN at the moment is that I like the fact that every time I commit I'm also performing a backup. Is there anyway to set up hg to mirror all commits to another remote repository? Would that not be better than hoping your repository never goes over the Dropbox 2GB free limit? 1. Really? Compared to throwing a few pages out with PHP but on complex apps the time you save not reinventing the wheel would be the payback. 2. Hard to know what you were doing wrong without more info. 3. I've found excellent Django coders for less than $15 dollars/hour through freelancer sites. 4. The conventions around reusable code are growing up as the Django ecosystem grows up. There are good and bad examples but it's very possible to write reusable apps if you use the right architecture and separation of concerns. 5. Again. You are doing something wrong. 6. Django does use more memory than a simple mod_php setup and Pinax is a complex project but I'd like to see numbers once you compare apples to apples. ie. PHP+framework as a long running process matching Pinax for functionality. Would the memory requirements be that different? 7. Sounds like it's your server technology that's giving you those errors. You'd have to tell us what the underlying Python errors were for us to know whether Django was at fault or your setup. 8. You are not alone in thinking this but that is viewed as a feature for people trying to run stable sites. If you want to live on the bleeding edge then join the django-experimental branch that has opened recently on Github 9. Huh? Most people complain the Django template system is too simple and therefore limited. 10. I have no idea what you are trying to say here. You do sound slightly trollish. Give us a bit more info to go on and we can have a constructive debate. Here's the article that hints about the 20th May being a possible day for the decision: http://www.ipwatchdog.com/2010/05/17/another-day-without-bil... The interesting question for me is whether existing mobile hardware can accelerate this in any way - i.e. through the ARM Neon extensions and similar. Otherwise we will have to wait for a whole new generation of hardware if this is going to make any dent in the mobile web. A bit more substance to your complaint would be great. What are you arguing for? A normal JVM? Native code? A WebOS style environment? There are trade-offs to all decisions. Dalvik performance has been tolerable and now it looks like it has progressed to being quite reasonable. I'm just waiting for a chance to use a nicer language to produce Dalvik byte-code. I don't think it's very friendly to dynamic languages but I'd settle for almost anything other than Java. Is it in active development? A quick google doesn't find anything newer than a few years old. Does anyone know the status of DSP/GPU acceleration on OS X? What's the minimum specs to support it (if it's supported at all)? Did you RTFA? You could have made this a native app using the webkit control and bundled all the content in a 10th of the size. That's funny. As far as I can tell all the tools that are used for HTML (text editors and IDE's mainly) seem to be working pretty well for HTML5. And if you mean WYSIWYG then that market is dominated by Dreamweaver and even that has added HTML5 support. I got the impression that even the text was stored as a graphic. Beyond compare if fantastic. If you miss it that much then you can run it nicely under Wine/Darwine/Crossover etc. I've been using Deltawalker on the Mac which is nice if a little brittle sometimes. It sucks hugely for FTP/SFTP compares though. Am I missing something or are the words 'remove background image' not really easy to spot on the Google homepage? I came here to ask if anyone remembered DabbleDB. When I first saw the demo I thought that thing would change the world. Isn't that the kind of thing the OP is asking for? I mainly know OO through Python. I had a Java programmer try and explain why Dependency Injection frameworks were great and I went off and googled around and there are a few for Python. I still can't grok why I'd need one though. Is DI for Python the product of damaged minds or do they provide some real benefit? Sorry to say it but if you haven't heard of Google Voice you should probably leave this debate to people who are qualified to comment. I would argue that in a conversation about app store rejection policies and specifically Google Voice that someone informing us that they have never heard of it wasn't doing much more than adding noise. To anyone who has heard of Google Voice it's pretty clear that it's valid to put it forward as a innovative product. The level to which it's failed to permeated the broader public consciousness doesn't count against it at this stage in it's existence. By writing XML config files? (or is that just a Struts wart rather than an intrinsic part of DI?) Anyway - if mocking for tests is the major benefit of DI then there some other simpler ways to that. Everything I've read on DI makes it sound like a fairly complex beast. I agree. Maybe desktop-style UI's are dead for - well - desktops, too? What are the pain points in desktop UI's for touch devices? 1. Drag and Drop - many inexperienced users find drag and drop difficult so killing it wouldn't harm anyone. It always was a bitch with overlapping windows anyway. 2. Managing overlapping windows in general just sucks. I've often argued that tiling windows are a much better idea and these could be made to work on touch devices with larger screens too. 3. Scrollbars are useless on touch-devices and not much fun on the desktop. Luckily touchpad scrolling and mouse-wheels mean I don't have to use them much so maybe they can die too. 4. 'Hover' type interactions are usually inessential. and when they aren't it's usually a sign that something is horribly wrong with the UX Maybe even with touchpad/mouse/keyboard, the changes made necessary by touch devices might force desktop UI's to shed some of their weaker aspects. Another thing to think about is the '10 foot interface'. This suffers similar limitations to touchscreens and with Google TV and similar products spreading their influence, the remote control could become the most commonly used input device of all. How so? Last time I checked 'drag and drop' was still the primary method of file management in Finder and Apple hasn't added a tiling window manager. Fair point. I spend too much time at Reddit and sometimes forget which tone is appropriate. and I'd hate to contribute to making HN another Reddit... Looks like someone needs to read The Mythical Man Month. (I know TMMM is about specifically software engineering but for a CEO to think that bums on seats==productivity is fairly depressing) On a aide note - Americans! Move to Europe! Our economy is collapsing too but we're having a much better time watching it happen... Have a filter option in the Market app a little bit like safesearch. You'd have a single slider. 3 or 5 positions (low moderate high etc). Filtering would work in a metascore comprised of several metrics. The metrics would be opaque and Google would tune them regularly like it does with it's search ranking. Example metrics might be: 1. 'Spam' score based on app description. 2. 'Spammy Developer' score based quite simply on the number of apps released by this developer (this would immediately clean up most dross but people would quickly find ways to game it) 3. User ratings (weighted by the rating given to that user by other users) 4. Ratings derived from Google's web rankings of the app's web presence Problem solved. Can I have some money for that please Google? Becuase they would then be committing to a manual review process and all the scaling problems that would incur. http://code.google.com/p/django-linkcheck/ The take-up is probably limited by the fact that my documentation is erring towards the minimal. That and the erroneous dependencies I forgot to remove until last week. :) Stereo sound isn't going to be much use when the speakers are only 4 inches apart. Ah! My pet rant too. Overlapping windows. What a pain they are... How's this? http://developer.android.com/sdk/ndk/index.html I love Windows 7 window snapping. Bettertouchtool emulates this on the mac: http://blog.boastr.net/ The main issue with not having a maximum width is the lack of readability of long lines of text. and you can be extra nice and accept either a list or positional arguments... Actually I think he's got a partial point. I think there is a review of app quality (although you could dispute the criteria they use). But security? It would be unfeasible to do a proper security audit of every app even if they did have access to the source code. And yet many people are convinced that there is some form of security guarantee. I like to maximize whatever window is in focus to minimize visual clutter. (one of my pet hates about Safari and Mac OS in general is it's aversion to full-screen windows. As I've ranted about before multiple overlapping windows solve more problems than they create. Give me a single full-screen window plus the option to occasionally tile 2 (or 4) windows for those few occasions when I need that. What state would you lose exactly? Are you saying that an it's impossible technically to have an open source DRM format? I'm not sure that follows, does it? Doesn't it work like 'click to flash' i.e. each element activates when clicked on? I haven't tried but I assumed it did. Android is licenced under Apache v2 (not GPL) http://www.openhandsetalliance.com/android_faq.html Slightly overstated but I think the author has correctly identified a trend and it's one that we would do well to resist. A fair point. Maybe 'optimum' would be a more useful concept here than 'centre'... I see Python's position on the dynamicity (ugh) spectrum is in line with it's philosophy on readability. (On a side note - your definition of 'extreme' rather depends on what outliers you have. I do love it when the US media refers to the Democrats as 'left of center' ;) It's actually a Usenet post on comp.lang.python. You sound old-skool enough to still have access to a NNTP server ;-) I think an awful lot of the code run on Android will be native wrapped in some JIT-ed API calls. I think the parts of the browser that do the heavy lifting are all native so this might not be the best example to use. For the differences in responsiveness between iOS and Android look elsewhere. When they do their sums they are gambling that the average amount of space per user will leave them profitable. They advertise unlimited storage rather than capped storage so they have to hedge their bets somehow. I like their model. Your milage may vary. The patents are all VM related rather than related to the library. That sounds like an interesting big Ruby gig that would be a good story to tell the anti-dynamic languages FUD brigade. You should blog :) I suspect some people think it's more problematic to force web apps into a MVC pattern that was meant to describe conventional desktop apps. Would you care to engage with the actual points made in this article? If you reverse the "shall not"s then this sounds like a fairly current Android developers guide. I'm joking. I'm joking... Wow. Very disappointing comments on this post. I was looking forward to a healthy debate with some interesting arguments. but with a couple of exceptions this is silly bickering. Don't they have a contingency for this? I thought they could update the DRM code in devices with a new key or some such thing. Having checked back after a night's sleep things seem to have improved. Phew. I thought this had turned into Reddit. What language are you using? Anyone else hoping this will eventually allow coding on the device itself? Of course someone would have to come up with a more programmer-oriented virtual keyboard. I've already messed around with using bash and python without a physical keyboard and you really want easier access to all your punctuation and braces. Very interesting but not a small task by any means. Am I the only person hoping that a high profile URL shortener liky bit.ly get taken offline so people learn quickly that redirecting their content's URLs through a 3rd party is a bad idea? Surely it's OK to deploy anything that works acceptably for your audience. With sensible fallbacks and graceful degradation there is very little downside to using 'bleeding edge' features. Most of html5 and related standards have been constructed with careful attention of backwards compatibility. It might be harder than you think to replace highly refined creative tools such as Illustrator or Photoshop. Although they have become rather bloated and the last few versions have failed to innovate in significant ways, there is a lot of graphics professionals who would be very reluctant to waste all that hard-won muscle-memory. Plus there's a lot of work-flow knowledge in them there apps. You don't do graphic design, do you? Can everyone commenting on this please remember that Adobe produces software aside from Flash and Reader? Those two may interfere with your browsing habits but just because you don't come into contact with anything else Adobe produces doesn't mean it doesn't have some importance in the software industry. I'm running JPK and it's much, much better. Like you say - nice hardware but released with way too many bugs. I'd like to put forward the idea that what the anti-(software)-patent lobby needs is more and better patent trolls. Is it possible that the situation could get so bad that a couple of the big guns would swing behind patent reform? Aside from the rapid performance gains in recent months and the fact that it's twice as fast as CPython... If these are developers then I'm shocked that they could be that ignorant of trends inside their own profession. Although I met a student studying Java for a CS degree who hadn't heard of Python. So anything is possible I suppose... http://twitpic.com/33c0ph Apps could definitely be more modular and the recent addition of contrib.staticfiles to trunk will help greatly with, um, static files! Templates aren't really a problem, are they? Django will find the base ones and you can overload them if you want. settings should be handled elegantly with sensible defaults that you override if needed. And finally - the root url config is a bit of a bottleneck as every app that has URL's needs at least an include here. A registration system would be good but there are thorny issues to do with ordering of the URLs. The solution would be to keep it separate but 'bless' it with a reference in the docs. IMHO the same should be done with contrib.admin You could then have a django download with batteries and without. 8pen reminded me about Dasher which I used to use a few years ago. By coincidence Dasher for Android just hit the market: http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/dasher/DasherSummary2.htm... Dasher for Android just became available. Damn shame that Android MIDI and audio support is lagging as then there would be scope for companies to innovate with Android based specialist hardware. And I'm looking forward to a real world example of 'width' where JSON fails and XML shines. I'm not sure I understand the point being argued here. (side note - why the tinyurl?) And why's that a problem? You know - compared to TinyURL going bust in a few years and your comment losing it's context... Can you upload your document or part of it somewhere where others can take a look? I find it hard to believe Google would release this if it was that useless (no jokes about Buzz or Wave, please). The specs are nearly identical to the Galaxy S/Captivate etc. He is light-heartedly using 'morals' as a part of his schtick. No-one is expected to take it seriously. Underneath the style there are some interesting points being made about how certain uses of certain features breaks other features. I'd be interested to hear your rebuttal. .Net, Java, Ruby and PHP but no direct Python support? No. I think with the purchase of Heroku it's clear they are betting big on Ruby. I hope this is good for the Ruby community. It could go either way. I learnt Forth as a kid. ( http://www.worldofspectrum.org/infoseekid.cgi?id=0008967 plus Acorn Forth) What blew my mind was that - apart from a tiny kernel - Forth was written in Forth. It bootstrapped itself from basic principles. It's kind of the Principia Mathematica of programming languages... Well I would say 'significantly different' from the pictures I've seen. Same materials used though so you might have a point there. The only problem with the Galaxy S is the buggy software it was released with and the appalling length of time it took Samsung to get Froyo out the door. I'm running it with JPU Froyo and it's a lovely bit of kit. Did he turn off personalized search with the pws=0 parameter? I think the important point is that people are discussing the evidence for this rather than merely stating it to be the case. It might be regarded as ill-mannered to hijack a thread about a serious subject that affects the lives billions with your thoughts on a subject that mildly inconveniences the relatively well-off..? Why pointless? It's a parody and it contains a critique of Quora that's fairly valid. It might not be a particularly deep critique but it doesn't have to be. You don't have to use Quora to be irritated by it... The coverage alone is sufficient for that. God what a nit-picking, humourless bunch we have here today! I'm wondering if any conclusions should be drawn from the disinterest in microdata. On one level it's to be expected - most interest in HTML5 is coming from front-end people whilst microdata is of most interest to 'back-end' types (and SEO bods). However one shouldn't forget Cory Doctorow's metacrap thesis: http://www.well.com/~doctorow/metacrap.htm No-one is talking about finding the global maxima. We are simply discussing ways to avoid local maxima. "Better" not "Best"... I didn't find his tone too objectionable. Always consider that getting the tone correct can be difficult in a foreign tongue. Sorry for the downvote but that was a very early analysis and the story has progressed a bit since. There's room for a more nuanced evaluation of WebM which I'd like to hear. It's not exactly insightful but it does have some merit. Apple's approach is an odd mix of open and closed. You could describe it as 'strategically open'... (of course - this applies to Google too to a slightly lesser degree). No company supports open-source if it directly conflicts with their perceived interests. Some companies just take a wider view than others. But now that architecture is in place it won't be difficult to extend it to other codecs. Most of the time it took to get support for hardware decoding in place was time needed for Adobe to wake up and realise there was a problem. They have moved fairly quickly since then. Don't most statistics put it at about 5%? I don't know if it's "major" but it's probably worthy of consideration. We probably want to remove any excuse for not switching to https. Perceived performance penalties, inconsequential or not, might hold back many sites. I wondered the same thing at the time. Google needs to start tackling the patent system head-on. They dabbled a little bit in the Bilski case but I think it would be a more valuable use of their energy than the ill-considered h264 battle. I wonder how much assistance the $100 million they spent on On2 could have provided to the patent reform movement? Their recent fancy-pants redesign made everything prettier, slower, more cluttered and added almost no new functionality. One of the devs had the nerve to post about how clever the resolution-independent swoosh at the top was. In my head I was yelling "stop fiddling with that and fix the frikkin search!" I think you meant to reply on that 'generic smart phone whinges' thread. Cool. What else is your company overly dogmatic about? If I'm clicking around to crappy sites to figure out why they rank highly I don't really want them to get even higher in my personal search ranking! Is deleting them from search history enough to correct this effect? Which will be tiny. Videos, audio and photos and game media will take the bulk of the space. Of those - only photos and a proportion of the videos are likely to be totally unique to a user. Thank heaven for that. I thought I was going to have to write Javascript on the server one day. The problem is that - as Gawker have shown - people start thinking that techniques that might be acceptable for web apps are acceptable for content sites. They don't think this through as they don't use anything other than a modern web browser with javascript switched on. Jolly good. A site that understands the concept of 'progressive enhancement'. It's [deleted] now. What was it was that drew such well-worded ire? I only want the windows visible that are relevant to the task. That usually means one window - possible two. I want everything else invisible including bits of my desktop peeking through the edges. It's all just clutter. How on earth you work with Twitter always visible onscreen I don't know. Do you get anything done!? I'm still using the now moribund Python on Netbeans as my day to day IDE. I'd love someone to pick that project up too. I recall someone looked into it and decided it was too big a job. Shame because it's 90% there and definitely usable in it's current state. You should add an option to differntiate 'some other tracker' from 'a tracker I wrote myself'. I'd be interested to see how many hand-rolled solutions there are out there. The real test will be whether they've got the sense to spend 20 minutes signing in here and engaging us in dialogue. I read the article and was struck more by the difference between me and someone who would pay $6,000 to go to a conference than about the difference between Group A and Group B. GIve me $6,000 and I'm off on a round-the-world trip. I might take a few TED videos to watch on the way, though... With all due respect you either are suffering from Stockholm Syndrome or you haven't given much thought to how one could design a text-based format for layout. Not in the feverish imaginings of a thousand tortured opium dreams would one design something like CSS-P. Try sitting down with someone who has never used CSS and teaching them how to do a simple 3 column layout with background colours and a header and footer that works reasonably well across the three major browsers. Scratch that - sit down and explain it to me. I gave up and hired someone else to do it. I enjoy luring people in to discussions about tables vs pure CSS layouts. You get a lot of hand-waving about theoretical benefits related to accessibility and the semantic web. Just press them for specifics and ask for examples of a simple three-column layout table causing an actual problem for any extant user-agent. Writing your own wrapper on contenteditable is like rewriting jQuery. Yes it's a messy complicated problem. That's why you don't do it yourself. Something like TinyMCE is incredibly configurable and has had years to work around the browser quirks in contenteditable. Use it wherever possible. On a side note I recently exchanged some emails between the lead dev on TinyMCE and the person working on the Webkit implementation of contenteditable. I had very little luck persuading them to communicate. The fault was mainly on the webkit end of things. I find it astonishing there isn't better communication between people at this level. The number of people using TinyMCE via Wordpress must be in the millions. You'd think people working on Webkit would be seeking them out for advice on implementation bugs. Currently Webkit only (uses CSS3 animation with the Webkit prefix). Did a fairly good job on a keyframe/tween animation I'd done. There were a few problems with masked images but I imagine that could be fixed. Most features are supported where the HTML/CSS equivalent exists. No support for any Actionscript conversion (oh if only AS3 hadn't decided to reinvent itself as Java 2 this might have been possible). Questions: 1. How modular is the code produced? Could I easily use Flash to create chunks of animation but then control them via Javascript? 2. Will Mozilla ever support CSS Animation? Last I heard they weren't too keen on it. 3. IE? Scratch that. I'm not even going to ask. How is 1 even possible when they don't control the platform? This kind of knee-jerk anti-Flash thing is getting tiresome. We get it. You don't like animated ads. I don't like them either. You can make annoying animations using any technology. Are you seriously implying that animation/interactivity in general is a bad thing? I seriously doubt that. Stop blaming the tools. Use Adblock and get over it. I quite agree but Apple's anti-Flash play has almost certainly made this a thing of the past. OP seems to be saying something different and altogether less defensible: "Anything made with Flash is bad". This is denying an entire range of applications that are currently unfeasible with HTML-based technologies. True. Compilation isn't an ideal solution however as you end up with code that's not human readable or editable. I wanted to make the point that Javascript and Actionscript used to be so similar that some form of conversion that left the code usable might have been possible. FF4 isn't slated to support CSS animations AFAIK I struggle to find a different interpretation of your statement even with the word substitution you suggest. I've seen astonishing creativity from the Flash community over the years in the areas of games, UI experiments, generative art to name a few. Do you remember when Javascript had the same soiled reputation? DHTML anyone? Webkit barely supports contenteditable on the desktop. For some reason the fact that it's used as on every WYSIWYG editor in the frikkin' world doesn't make it high enough priority for a fix... Come on now. Surely resuming a partial download is a solved problem in this day and age? People have been using the term 'class-based views' to describe the new feature but am I right in thinking this only affects generic views? A couple of years back I switched from Windows to Mac and I can't say I really noticed any downside to the single fixed application menu. The gains due to Fitt's Law however are noticable and I when using a Windows box I find the menus to be annoyingly small click targets. I do miss the discoverability of Windows ALT+letter menu accelerator key presses though. Your first point is very useful. Still way slower than the Windows way but way quicker than mousing it. I already knew the alert dialog trick. It doesn't work consistently though which is rather annoying (Apple's own apps rarely seem to support it) I would argue the trend is towards smaller screens if anything (small, light laptops, netbooks, tablets etc.). I always either maximise or snap Windows to some sensible half/third of the screen layout. I don't want to manually juggle Windows as my OCD kicks in and I start fiddling with them to get them exactly lined up. The Mac's 'sort of maximised but with a bit of the desktop showing round the edges' gives me the shakes... Gruber's just picked it up with no comment other than a strange piece of snide: http://daringfireball.net/linked/2011/04/07/android-apps-loo... (What is he implying? Assuming sarcasm - he is saying that it's not a coincidence but that some unnamed other parties claim it is. I don't really get it but it seems like he's getting too lazy to actually offer an extended argument these days) Doesn't she specifically say in the presentation that Sass is not a solution? No-one has ever explained to me why I would want to be the 'mayor' of anything. I don't even see in what sense it's a game. What. I have to go to Starbucks more than some other person to win? I thought I was missing some important aspect like I did before I 'got' Twitter but in this case apparently not. Hear hear! Almost every company tries to inflict crap like this on users at some stage. It's a prime case of marketing trumping all other factors. Why invent a new bit of jargon then? Where does this get explained to people (bearing in mind users don't read! The solution is to call it the Windows key as 95%+ of Ubuntu users will know it as that and have a Windows keyboard. But somehow more difficult both to pronounce and hear clearly. 1. You can if they are in a very small minority. 2. It's not about adoption. It's about usability. Everyone will know what you mean if you call it 'the Windows key'. The same is not true if you call it 'the Super key'. I disagree. It's so obviously a cheap, nasty move that no warning should be necessary. It's beyond intrusive. It's spam and Airpush will hopefully be out of business soon. Just had a revealing little chat with an Airpush sales rep via their Live Chat system: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2493047 Ack - sorry. I think it's because I didn't include a URL. I should have posted the content elsewhere and a link in HN. I forgot HN doesn't really support longer form posts like this. In my defence, I'm currently blog-less. Sigh. Can we get this correction to the top of the comment list please? I'm currently working with an excellent Django developer (in China) and a top-notch designer/front-end dev (in Serbia). Found them both through oDesk. Apply a bit of filtering. One trick I use is asking a simple domain-knowledge type question in the posting. Ignore everyone who doesn't read it properly or doesn't bother answering. That will instantly cut a lot of the crud out. It would surprise me. Quite a lot. Except the many Samsungs have no dedicated search button. :-( On my phone I can't say I use Flash, but it's come in very handy at times for (cough) legacy sites. It really sounds like I meant porn, didn't it? It's really going to sound even more like that now, if I deny it, isn't it? Damn. The greatest gift Steve Jobs has given web developers is a cast-iron reason to give clients why doing their navigation in Flash is a bad idea. It's saved me hours over trying to explain the proper reasons. Where's the evidence that heavy animations in javascript are less CPU hogging than heavy animations in Flash? Were you aware of the name clash before you committed to your current name? Yes that was great. You might want to consider hitting the return key a few more times with posts of that length though. :) In my experience no. Clients know what Flash is and they will specifically ask around for a 'web designer' who 'does Flash'. Heck. I've even got a client who tells me to put some jQuery on the site to jazz it up a bit! He didn't seem too impressed when I billed him for optimizing my array access code using jQuery.each()... The biggest thing Google could do for the mobile web is force carriers onto a quicker Android update cycle. The implementation of CSS media queries is broken in nearly all shipped handsets making them pointless as an optimization for sending the correct images to browsers. This isn't likely to change for quite a while. The Android browser really needs to auto-update like the desktop Chrome. Someone at Google should get a slap upside the head for not getting this spot on. Google is evangelising performance on one hand and making careless errors on the other... From a brief reading, it's potentially worse than an 8ms slow-down if you take all the issues into account. Have I misinterpreted? You missed the worst part of the new magsafe. They don't perform the job magsafe was invented for: preventing an accident from yanking your laptop off a table. Out of the 4 possible directions a cable can be yanked - 2 of them (towards the laptop body and the direction the magsafe cable is pointing) are now more likely to pull the laptop than they are to safely disengage the cable. How did someone not notice this? Except of course - you wouldn't really need .html (.php or .anything) on a url... This argument is flawed in several ways: 1. Repetitive tasks get progressively faster with the keyboard as the motion gets smoother as your practise it. 2. He allows two-handed using editing Ctrl+X/C/V as a special case but there are other similar situations. I'd like to see the exact methodology. 2 seconds to decide which key press to use sounds fishy to me. Are you still on Froyo? Gingerbread for the Galaxy made things a lot smoother. (even the first update to the original release firmware made a noticeable difference. See which version you've got.) Sometimes 'good enough' really is good enough. For christ's sake, there's a zillion ways to mitigate ORM related performance hits. One of those zillion is 'stop using an ORM' but it's not likely to be your first choice. I'm guessing the former as I've never heard of the latter. Is it time for a Central Registry for TLA's? (CRT! Damn. It's taken...) Looks like O3D would have been a better approach after all. Did Google back the wrong horse? Dear Music Industry, Please get on board with a service we want to use and do it quickly. In fact - get on board with several. PS might help piracy a bit if you did. Same here. Accepted a beta invite a while back. Now I can't login. The fact that your last sentence is uncontroversial is really depressing. Everyone accepts that 'lobbying' is a polite word for 'bribery' and should be unacceptable in a modern democracy. We should all be on the damn streets about this. Get it here: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1166152 Anyone got a transcript so I can read it at normal human speed? I've found many of the claims of collateral damage to be from sites that I don't honestly feel were adding much value to our lives, even if they weren't strictly content farms. I'd be interested to hear your specific story? I agree on you regarding a full stack web framework with it's own community such as Django but a lightweight, minimal web framework would be a useful addition to the standard library, surely? It's an interesting dynamic. I'm going through a similar thought process except one level of abstraction higher (at the pseudo-CMS level on top of Django). I'm sure similar debates happen at lower levels of abstraction too. You've got to decide for yourself where your 'reinventing the wheel' cutoff point is. For some people it's flipping binary bits, for others, anything lower level than configuring Drupal modules is just a waste of time. But part of the advantage with jQuery being single-file there is ease of deployment. Python isn't quite as handicapped in this areas as Javascript is. A single line in requirements.txt can add something as complex a complex library to your project without a second thought. Wow. That's bit harsh. I'll try and stay civil. "The community is pretty much dead." - not from where I'm standing. I live in a tech-savvy town and there seems to be more Django devs here than Rails devs. Of course - it's not a popularity contest otherwise PHP would be the best web framework ;-) "All my Django projects ended up being a big mess" - that used to be the case with my own code but by reading other people's code (and the Django source) I've improved hugely. Should you be blaming your tools? "And the community in general seems to agree" - the Django community agrees that Django sucks? Or did you mean the web dev community in general? If so - can you back that up with anything more substantial?