Edinburgh, Scotland Surely anyone who has been on a Computer Science degree knows what the fixed point finder is! Just finished: "The Great War for Civilisation" - Robert Fisk "Life on the Mississippi" - Mark Twain "3 Commando Brigade" - Ewen Southby-Tailyour "Anathem" - Neal Stephenson I would suggest doing it sooner rather than later - there isn't that much to pick up and if you use a hosting service very little to install (I use the free service from Unfuddle - which is more than enough for my personal projects). To nitpick, isn't it really that "Selling advertising on the top of search is an extremely important and profitable business"? "if I am in the devil of a hole and want to get out of it, give me Shackleton every time" 1984, Orwell The Demon-Haunted World, Sagan That's probably not a bad rule when thinking about any career - actually speak to people doing it before deciding. I was actually thinking about doing a degree in geology just for the fun of it - then I saw what petroleum geologists get paid! I read Jared Diamond's book "Collapse" a few years ago and it certainly is a sobering book. I would agree with its thesis that we face a distinct possibility of our high tech "Western" society crashing - and due to the Threads linking us together this crash could be pretty hard. I would use the 100 million to investigate possible ways of mitigating the effects of such a crash. As the actual causes would be essentially unpredictable I'd pass on that effort and concentrate on what we could do to establish a degree of continuity of core areas of knowledge: maths, medicine, geography etc. One option would be to build bunkers full of useful books in remote locations (like the gene bank in the Svalbard). However, a better way might be to build a long lasting organisation set apart from our culture - very much like secular versions of medieval monasteries or the mathic concents in Neal Stephenson’s excellent Anathem. The problem is that if the OP's startup is a success then the University will come after him for what they perceive as his abuse of their property. Also if he has external investors unless he has disclosed this problem to them they could well sue him personally - I've been threated by legal action by an unhappy VC and that was also deeply unpleasant. If I was the OP I would walk away from his code - don't even take a copy of it. I would check with an IP lawyer what measures I would have to take to produce a "clean" copy that the University has no claim over and base whatever I did on that recommendation. At least if you do things that way you have some comeback against the lawyers. It is a tricky one - a sensible organisation would wish you the best of luck and hope that your eventual success reflects well on them. However dealing with any large bureacracy means that finding someone who will sign off on such a thing can be tricky! There are still 450 Minuteman III missiles deployed! That is a false dichotomy - kids should learn languages and get some exposure to a decent programming languages. As far as I am concerned, I'd like to read Proust (and Schiller) in the original languages but I'm not aware of anything in Ruby that I'm so keen to read. It's not like the Romans were exactly welcomed in all parts of Britain: "We, the last men on earth, the last of the free, have been shielded till today by the very remoteness and the seclusion for which we are famed. We have enjoyed the impressiveness of the unknown. But today the boundary of Britain is exposed; beyond us lies no nation, nothing but waves and rocks and the Romans, more deadly still than they, for you find in them an arrogance which no reasonable submission can elude. Brigands of the world, they have exhausted the land by their indiscriminate plunder and now they ransack the sea. The wealth of an enemy excites their cupidity, his poverty their lust of power. East and West have failed to glut their maw. They are unique in being as violently tempted to attack the poor as the wealthy. Robbery, butchery, rapine, with false names they call Empire; and they make a wilderness and call it peace." Part of what Calgacus is supposed to have said before the battle of Mons Graupius in North East Scotland. Well, they certainly provided a much needed stimulus to the local wall building industry. "What's to stop someone from creating content you don't agree with, and then putting your tag on it?" You could digitally sign it using secure private key (and if you want to be really secure store the private key on a secure hardware device). Use a X509 cert from a well known CA and pretty much anyone can check whether you wrote it or not. I'm saying this is a good idea though.... Damn - now I have to go and work out how I would implement this.... The trick would be to have a nice combination of a tag (which is always the same) and a digital signature that binds your tag to the content. This is all based on London - which is exceptional both in terms of what is considered a normal commute there and the cost of living there. Locals who are based in London get paid a lot more than the rest of us who choose to live in nicer parts of the UK. My own view is that London is great to visit but I would never want to have a job based there unless I was getting FU money, and even then I'd only do it for a year or two. twitcrime doubleplus ungood Maybe someone needs to create an equivalent of the emacs "Spook Mode" for twitter http://www.turing.org.uk/book/ You don't even need a digital signature - just have them publish a hash value for the files. David Lynch? Having moved by work laptop to 7 from Vista and my sons laptop from Vista to XP I can say that both are upgrades - with my own preference being for 7. I tend to believe that the job of an architect is not to make the important decisions but to make sure the important decisions get made correctly and to take responsibility for that process and its results. One reason might be that "real" architects get a bit upset at the use of it in the software world. In my experience the title is really there to identify who will get shot if the damned thing doesn't work for fundamental technical reasons. Indeed - the classes are sociopaths, clueless and losers: http://www.ribbonfarm.com/2009/10/07/the-gervais-principle-o... Mapping these classes to those in "The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism" I will leave as an exercise for the reader. I guess as these applications won't be run embedded in a browser that the Flex code won't be able to interactive with JavaScript - which is a shame. It looks like I will have to use HTML 5 Canvas to get OpenShapes ( http://shap.es/docs ) to work on this platform. Watching video from online (iPlayer etc.) would be my ideal application for this - an iPhone is too small, a laptop is too clunky and uncomfortable and I hate watching video sitting at a desk. Another thing that might be a hit is multiplayer games. I was playing an air hockey game with my son on his iPod Touch and it was surprisingly good. With a bigger screen that could really be an interesting thing to watch. Lots of board games might work pretty well on something like the iPad as people could sit round it. Perhaps not - but I rather like the idea of four personal hand written notes in our four missile subs, which are hopefully never opened and destroyed when the PM changes. I rather hope they say "Don't fire your missiles at anyone, you will just make things worse". For anyone interested in this kind of stuff I can recommend this book: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Secret-State-Whitehall-Cold-War/dp/0... The story of how the government planned to communicate with the V bomber fleet is wonderful... The British Empire was largely built from commercial interests - look at the East India Company and the Opium Wars. Maybe it was just me, but back in the day when I was paid to write Lisp I was pretty fond of the Common Lisp loop macro. So my Lisp code was pretty loopy... What about LINQ, Transactional NTFS, F#.... I'm no Micrsoft fanboy, but to say that they haven't done anything innovative at all is a bit harsh. Given the success of serious virtualization platforms like VMWare ESX I do think there is a long term danger of Windows becoming a rather thin shim between actual applications and the underlying "real" OS. Especially with the current "Best Practise" of every application running on its own dedicated server as everyone is terrified of the potential conflicts if you have more than one vendor application on the same instance of Windows. From what I can see, the transactions in ZFS and Transactional NTFS are completely different kind of things. The Transactional NTFS kind are distributed transactions of the kind you normally associate with database server and messaging systems like MQ - so your file IO can enlist in a transaction that touches a lot of different things. Not saying it is a good idea - abuse of distributed transactions is a terrible thing, but I do think it is fairly innovative. VW seems to have partial self parking on a lot of models - it steers and you move forwards and backwards. It will also tell you as you drive past a parking space if it is big enough or not. My wife is going to get a car with this system next week - I'm looking forward to giving it a try. I don't think even Yahoo tries to cram that many unrelated features into a single website :-) Look on the bright side, one day the last person who likes VB6 will die too. I think you'll find that pretty much all of us are decended from people who were fed up staying local. Otherwise we'd all still be in Kenya. Interesting fact that I learned from Time Team recently: the UK has apparently had 7 completely separate waves of human habitation, with the population being completely wiped out by Ice Ages in between. The civil service is a meritocracy - they just don't use sane metrics for what merit is. I've seen quite of posters for Google Chrome, which struck me as a bit odd that a company that depends on high tech advertising would resort to such a low tech medium. Of course it is a legitimate threat - if Bing started doing searches in any consistently better way than Google I'd use that. I have about as much loyalty to Google as a service as I did to Altavista: i.e. practically none. I suspect others think this way and Google knows it. I don't know about the US (I suspect it will be the same) - but the chains in the UK compete with each other like a bunch of hyperintelligent velociraptors. Quite good for customers though - in the (rather affluent) area where I live we have a Sainsburys, Waitrose and M&S food store and they are clearly locked in polite but vicious competition. On the subject of anti-submarine naval warfare, I would strongly recommend "Three Corvettes" by Nicholas Monsarrat. http://www.amazon.co.uk/Three-Corvettes-Nicholas-Monsarrat/d... From WW2 rather than WW1 - but I don't think the North Atlantic had changed much. I remember this one from a /. discussion: "SAP is how Lucifer interacts with our world." I initially thought this was a cool idea then went off it - I'm fairly happy using local storage on my home network backed up to multiple "cloud" locations (svn hosting, Carbonite and Mozy). This gives me speed to access stuff with a fairly high degree of resilience. Exactly - during his "Wonder Year" of 1905 he was most certainly an "amateur". I'm not sure having a PhD qualifies you as a professional anyway - certainly not in the PE, lawyer, doctor or accountant sense. Given the hyper specialisation of most academic research, circle of people involved in an area can be pretty small. You probably don't even need to read the paper - just to know what kind of approach to what problem they are taking and you can make a good guess of the people/team involved. The Patent Office wasn't paying him to do his research - he had a "day job" that he needed to do to make ends meet and to allow him some time to do what he had a passion for in his own time. What is that if it isn't an amateur? But he did lots of his major work before he got his PhD. So what are you if you are doing research and you aren't paid to do it? I've been in that situation where I had a "day" job (running a software company) and doing a PhD on the side? I was certainly part of the academic community but I wasn't a paid "professional" researcher. I have met some people with Chartered Engineer/PE status who program - not many though. They are the only people I would call "professional programmers". I guess I tend to react to the term "professional" rather strongly because I'm married to a lawyer, have a brother who is a professionally qualified engineer and I know a few medical doctors. To me those are real "professionals" - folks who have jobs where you are personally held liable and if you screw up badly enough they can take your professional qualification away from you and you are out of work as you can't legally do the job without that qualification. In that context there is a very sharp boundary between "professional" and not - for the rest of us the boundary is rather fuzzy. I certainly don't regard myself as a professional simply because I am paid to do something or that I make my living out of it or even, unlikely as it may seem, occasionally show some competence ;-) Well, I guess I fail reading comprehension then :-) I think that is a false dichotomy - it's not a case of either you use the cloud or you build a data center. There are a lot of options where your kit is in someone elses data center - from part of a rack, through to cages with a few racks right up to pretty big rooms. You pay your money, get your own private space in a DC, they provide the power, cooling and physical security and you supply the kit and buy connectivity from one of the ISPs/telcos that infest these places. "inexperienced college students is very likely to build a large system that goes terribly, horribly wrong" Maybe you should hire them when it is their third system? First one goes horribly wrong because of lack of engineering, second goes horribly wrong because of over-engineering (the well known second-system syndrome) and by the third they should be ready to go. I think there may be a spot, say in the mid 20s, where you become emotionally committed to a particular technology stack and everything else is compared against that reference. So there is quite often quite a lot of stiction there to move to a new stack. When I was in my mid 20s (nearly 20 years ago) I was developing in Common Lisp and PostScript. And while I am still very fond of those technologies, once I left an academic environment I didn't really have much option but to go for a sequence of, comparatively mundane, platforms. YMMV I thought it looked rather interesting Single biggest thing: no Cold War. Go watch Threads: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090163/ and if you aren't old enough, consider that people lived with this kind of threat for decades. I'm rather fond of Charlie Stross's account of a singularity in his book "Accelerando": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accelerando_%28novel%29 From this I believe that we can predict that a singularity may not be a utopia or a dystopia but it will almost certainly be mind warpingly weird. "we had a determined adversity who was dedicated to destroying us by any means possible in every realm" Of course, that was the view the Soviets also had. Although they were an "evil empire" I don't think they actually had anyone in power actively campaigning to start a war, which did happen in the US. The Soviets were largely dangerous because they were so very afraid and (by the 80s) had senile leaders - look at the near disaster of Able Archer 83. This makes me much happier about all the times I sat through board meetings wondering what the hell the point of most of the financial reports were. If by "raw text" you mean string values (i.e. the equivalent of text nodes in XML) I don't see this as being particularly difficult, I don't think I'd use a Regex for it but then I wouldn't use a Regex to extract text from an XML document/stream either. After almost 20 years, I still miss the happy ritual of inserting all of the documentation for your new Sun workstation into the zillion folders. Hell, I still have "borrowed" copies of the PostScript Blue and Red books from my NeWS/HyperNeWS days. Well, I still remember the demo I used to do for people - draw a "broken" window in the graphical editor and copy this shape and paste it to be the shape of an existing terminal window and have everything work. OK not very practical but very very cool. Perhaps we are in a multiverse and in many other universes you did get that job and you didn't meet her. That looks like only a small portion of the commercial airline traffic. Why not got for the ultra messy fully loaded configuration of the "Tsar bomb" design? 100Mt and a god awful amount of fallout. I seem to remember that device could take out Belgium with blast but would have killed people way back into Eastern Europe/Russia with its fallout. Yes, the bomb tested was very clean because it was only two stage. Fission primary and fusion secondary. The full 100Mt design would have had the usual 3rd fission stage that would have been incredibly messy. Khrushchev announced they had a full 100Mt bomb even though they could only really test a limited version of the design - not really a weapon as it wasn't practical for a number of reasons. http://www.amazon.com/Effects-Nuclear-Weapons-Samuel-Glassto... Here is an example of a "bad" lawyer from my direct experience: at our IPO completion meeting one of our advisers points out to us founders that the way one document has been drafted by the company lawyers means that we would have an immediate large tax liability. Money that we as individuals simply didn't have. Now to remove this liability would have been a small change to one sentence in one document that wasn't due for submission until the following day. Except the lawyer refused to do it saying that it would take too long (it really was a couple of words). It ended up being debated for ages - we had no real means of getting the lawyers to do anything (they were the company lawyers, not our personal lawyers). Eventually we founders had to threaten to pull out of the IPO, which we pretty much had to do as it would have bankrupted us, and only at that point did the lawyer relent and make the change. For me that is typical of bad lawyers - getting bogged down in silly little fights about their own egos rather than the big picture of actually getting the deal done. Politicians - so they can brag about their H-bomb being bigger than yours. I did wonder if his name was really Mel - the rest of it sounded entirely plausible. However, that story always reminds me of the chap I used to know who had done some programming with a hand drill... The before and after aerial view of Hartford reminded me of Glasgow - which is a rare example of a European city that has had a freeway/motorway driven almost right through the center. A lot of applications today end up running on top of at least two layers of virtualization - VMWare ESX/HyperV providing guest operating system instances that then run the application based on something like the JVM or CLR. I've wondered whether these two virtualization layers could be combined so that you end up with a hardware-abstracton VM sitting right on top of the metal and then you write the bulk of your OS on top of that (which could then be based on something far removed from the hardware, like your CLOSOS). NB I'm a huge fan of CLOS - but factoring in security to a shared CLOS like environment would presumably be a nightmare. Maybe each OS level application could morph into something more like a guest OS in a virtualized environment... Wow - I thought you were joking. I met him once when he was CEO of Novell - if I had known this then I would have asked him about it rather than the usual polite chit chat. Maybe he is smart enough to have decided that a star drive or unifield field theory are not possible and decided to do something else that interests him more. How about financial consolidation and reporting? Having had a fair bit of experience with "market leading" applications there is definitely a better solution out there waiting to be built. That's quite an interesting point - if you restrict holy wars to the "my imaginary friend is better than your imaginary friend.... fight!" kind then you are probably correct. I'm trying to think of other real "holy wars" - the 30 Years War is perhaps the only other major one I can think of. I guess most other "holy wars" are really justs lingering fall out from conquests Ottoman invasion of Europe, Ireland, ..... It all depends on the context - sure on some platforms (mostly embedded) it's just your binary and the hardware. Anything else, where you start having dependencies on components sourced from elsewhere then you are in this situation. Personally, I don't really see what the problem is - looking at and using other peoples software is usually a great learning experience. The only "novel" part of this appears to be the use of the aux pointer to make navigation more efficient in some circumstances. Which sounds awfully like skip lists to me: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skip_list I suspect he meant Spring anyway. I think the mistake that some parents may make is failing to establish that simply being smart isn't good enough you actually have to do something useful with that intelligence to be rewarded in one way or another. Well, I don't know about you, but I suspect that my efforts to write an IDE, OS kernel, database engine, virtual machine host environment are probably going to be rather worse than the ones that already exist. So I'm quite happy to use existing ones. Please tell me you are trolling. I generally associate people who do that ultra firm handshake and staring thing with people who then going to try invite me to play golf (which I have no interest in) and then try and sell me something. At best it is likely to creep me out a bit. I don't think these kinds of tips work if it is obvious to others that you are following a checklist every time you meet someone. Indeed, I can remember us all feeling quite nice and smug with our racks having dual A and B feeds from separate mega UPSs generators etc. We didn't feel quite so smug when we actually found out that some of the racks actually had both sides plugged into the A feed - which was probably confusion between us, the data center owner and the electrician installing the feeds. I wouldn't describe VMWare ESX as slow or buggy. Yes, but you can hardly blame VMWare for that. If anyone is interested in polar exploration I strongly recommend "Barrow's Boys: A Stirring Story of Daring, Fortitude, and Outright Lunacy": http://www.amazon.com/Barrows-Boys-Stirring-Fortitude-Outrig... I want to see the videos of the failure mode testing :-) "all show up at the office but are forbidden to speak to each other for productivity reasons" Does that mean that they aren't allowed to bug each other about work related things (or schedule meetings etc.) or are they literally not allowed to talk to each other? I'm hoping it is the former! What kind of specification though? In most cases, a requirements specification can be pretty useful although I'm not such a fan of up front technical design specifications, in fact I tend towards the "code is the design" viewpoint: http://www.developerdotstar.com/mag/articles/reeves_design_m... I do agree with the sentiment that processes that focus too much on design artifacts and less on practical issues of how to make working systems often lead to truly awful designs. Do you think someone should tell the Royal Mail about how to use a robots.txt file? Because I can do a search for: "You may not create a link to any page of this website without Royal Mail's prior written consent." And get back lots of links... ;-) I wonder if Google have one of these licenses to link? I don't know about you, but writing code standing up at a whiteboard while others watch just doesn't feel very natural to me. Why not give them a PC and a small development task and leave them alone for a bit and then talk over their solution once it is complete? I don't know how it works in the US, but in the UK a PhD is usually awarded based purely on research - there is relatively little cutting edge research that I am aware of that hinges on manipulating linked lists. :-) Why does it have to be an "anti HTML5 agenda"? Not to mention functionality - code the same thing in Flash and using Canvas and compare what is involved. Some things that are trivial in Flash/Flex are (as far as I can see) pretty difficult when using Canvas. Note that I really want to use Canvas - but at the moment when it comes to interactive graphical applications I don't think the two are currently directly comparable. Absolutely, which is why I pretty much gave up using Canvas and decided to try Raphaël http://raphaeljs.com/ Well, I hand code ActionScript using a vanilla editor and use the command line compiler and I still find Flex/Flash easier to use than Canvas. I briefly considered writing some kind of framework for Canvas that would emulate the Flex DisplayObject and related container classes together with some useful behaviors. I gave up when I realized how big a task this would be and that the result would probably be slow and almost surely superseded in some future release of Canvas. Don't you think that is a good thing? Well, I would have said from that rant that it is pretty clear why nobody invested in his ventures or purchased his products. Good for you! So why not mention that in the article to balance things a bit? Medics, lawyers, accountants etc. are professionally qualified, a PhD is an academic qualification. They need to be licensed to do their job and if they aren't they can't do it. Not the same thing at all. It was the event handling side of things that I realized were going to be a fair bit of effort - all standard graphics stuff, but not things that I was particularly interested in writing at this moment in time. Having said that, if you do have something along these lines I would love to hear about it. Yes but the big difference between a professional qualification and an academic one is that the former can be taken away from you if you screw up badly enough. I don't really see the point either - the reason why there are professional qualifications (apart from the monopolistic reasons) is to ensure that people who have responsible jobs meet some minimum level of competence. If an academic screws up, nobody really gets harmed that badly. Contrast that with a medic, lawyers, PE etc. I don't read it as "losers" being people who are risk adverse - more that they are incapable of playing the political games required to ascend to the ranks of the ruling sociopaths and are incapable of descending level of the clueless - who really don't know any better. Digital receipts - I hardly need to carry cash anymore, pretty much everywhere I shop takes chip-n-pin cards so I use my debit card to pay for most things. However, what you end up with is silly bits of paper that I end up carrying round in my wallet or stuffed into folders at work or at home. Why can't my payment card contain an identifier that allows the bank to send me a digitally signed receipt - I could get notification by SMS or email that this is in place before I leave the shop. There is a lot of crypto tech that could be thrown at this problem and it would end up more convenient and better. My bank already knows my email address and phone number(s). I would expect that the easiest way of doing this would be for the banks to handle it all - when I buy something my bank gets a receipt signed by the shop's bank to say that I did buy item X at time Y at location Z. My bank could perhaps then countersign the receipt to link that strongly to my identity. It would be particularly good if the format included a standard representation of tax paid (VAT etc.) - would make filling out expense claims so much easier. And please make it implement digital receipts (see my suggestion below). Augmented reality of the kind Verner Vinge writes about in Rainbows End. I don't fancy facing auditors or the taxman with a picture of a bit of paper. Not every country in the region is a disaster area like Iraq. Turkey and Egypt are destinations for mass market tourism from Western Europe and Russia - they are full of obvious non-locals in buses and hire cars. Jordan is a popular excursion as well, with even Syria becoming a fairly popular destination. We've been to both countries loads of times from the UK and have always felt perfectly safe. I've felt safer walking round Cairo than some American cities. Wow - I was ready to rant about Xt Intrinsics or something then I had a look at the article and it actually looks pretty cool. CLOS features in C - interesting! Probably the fact that its frequency is close to the hydrogen line - which a number of people have suggested is a "natural" frequency that could be used for signaling over interstellar distances. So this would be the same organization that gave AAA ratings to all of those CDOs a few years back? I wonder where the first item of "intellectual property" exists in pi (suitably encoded, of course)? See: http://www.amazon.com/Guns-Germs-Steel-Fates-Societies/dp/03... Can I suggest, in the spirit of hammer factories, creating a parody generator generator? That way we'd get a Twitter parody generator "for free". The only time I didn't have problems keeping my weight down was when I cycled to work - roughly 10 miles, uphill and into the prevailing wind in the morning and easier back at night. In summer I'd often take a detour through a local range of hills for an additional couple of hours off road fun. Was much faster than the bus and I didn't have a car at the time. Now I have a 25 minute walk to work - but it's not the same. I've suspected for a long time that a knowledge of anti-patterns is of more practical benefit that a knowledge of GoF design-patterns. I wonder what the best approach would be for creating little applications like that? Very easy integration of graphics, sound, images etc. with simple input events. e.g. Click on the picture of dad and hear him snore... etc. You do know that the EU economy is larger than the US economy? OK - not one country, but pretty close to one market. But the US isn't top of the per capita lists either. I think the "height" of the Empire was definitely before WW1 - by 1950 Britain was in a pretty bad way. I think you make a very important point there - there may not be that much correlation between the standard of living of the average person and the "power" of the country in global economic and military terms. The "Sociopath Next Door" (excellent book) makes a very good point - it is not clear that being a sociopath is a disorder or an illness in that it doesn't appear to have negative effects on the person with this behavior. Indeed it makes the point that there are many environments where having sociopathic behavior is a decided advantage. What I found truly frightening in that book was the section pointing out the downfalls of the results of the Milgram experiment (most of us will do what we are told by an authority figure, even to the point of torturing/killing) with sociopathic behavior by a minority. Using vi to edit lisp is an interesting choice - I've got the vi commands hardwired in my brain now after using them for 20+ years and I've written a lot of Lisp but I don't think I've ever written any Lisp in vi. Speaking as a European - it seems rather ironic that the author is describing Americans as "narrow minded" for only being interested in following the big existing success stories when those are all American! A very silly article indeed. I grew up in a fishing village in the north of Scotland - when I was 19 one of my school friends insisted that I experience what it is like working on a trawler in the North Sea. After a few days of sea sickness, hard work, lack of sleep, and fear I probably would have shot myself if someone had given me a loaded pistol. Nothing I did since then (and I had summer jobs while I was a student doing things like weeding large fields of barley, digging ditches etc.) was anything like that. So I learned to have a LOT of respect for people who don't have the chance to make lots of money sitting at a computer for most of the day. So there isn't a large enough market in your area for a "real" electronics store - that means you are in the wrong place if you want to buy a breadboard in person, not that there is a problem with the free market. I presented at the first 3 web conferences in '93, 94 and '95 at CERN, Chicago and Darmstadt. Quite proud that the paper I presented in Chicago in '94 suggested that it might be a good to build programmatic extensibility into web browsers - possibly using a virtual machine. I remember the audience thinking it was a very silly idea... ;-) Given the precedent of the Eolas case I wonder how much my employer might have made if that idea had been patented. Fortunately they didn't approve of me doing that work so that never happened. Well, if the return on capital employed in having a breadboard sitting in a store room is less than other investments why should anyone do that? Everyone in a free market tends to try and maximize there own profits - which isn't the same thing as "utilize every opportunity of profit". Sorry, compared to some jobs IT isn't that stressful. Think about the jobs that literally face life and death issues: medics, armed forces, police, lawyers, social workers etc. I've known people in all of these areas and it really helps me put any issues I have into perspective. I guess it depends on the person - I used to know a doctor who got extremely stressed when he had to break it someone that they had an incurable condition and that basically they were going to die. Not something I could do. UK here - I get 33 days, with only days we have to take off being 2 at Xmas and 2 at New Year. Apart from that it is completely flexible. Can take that any way you want - some people take it in big chunks (4 weeks or so) other as a mix of days here and there with a few weeks as well. Approval process is pretty straightforward and is mainly about giving enough notice so that people can plan round your holidays. My wife is a lawyer and she gets 36 days, but she rarely gets to take them all due to the pressures of her work. Hacker News emails passwords in plain text :-) Looks pretty good. However, I suspect your real challenge will be keeping the signal to noise ratio high. "they are not trained to mentally play with the theoretical tools they use" That's because the actual theoretical tools that are in place from computer science are generally not practically applicable to 99.9% of the work that most developers do. A knowledge of lambda calculus, CSP, Turing Machines etc. etc. is of no relevance whatsoever to someone building a CRUD business application or (for that matter) another client for Twitter. Formal abstractions from other fields aren't of much use because the mathematical techniques used for modeling the "real world" don't apply too well to programs. "Programming languages, frameworks and patterns are scientific models, designed to represent the working of a computer" That an interesting idea - but as far as I can see, completely wrong. Scientific models are created (usually using maths, but not always) to provide logical structures that have predictive and explanatory powers - and have to be consistent with observed behavior and have be falsifiable. Programs aren't constructed to explain observed behavior of computers or to predict what computers will do - they are created to control (through layers of abstraction and translation) what the devices will actually do. So I don't think "scientific model" is the right phrase to use. Sorry, I wasn't meaning that there aren't useful things in CS (I'm a CS graduate myself). What I meant was that the techniques for formally modeling software so that you can reason about it aren't as well developed as they are for normal engineering subjects. "And if you really look at it, Software Engineering is, well, not." Well said! "Engineers know how to build a bridge" Even then it can still take them a few tries to get it right: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millennium_Bridge_%28London%29 I phrased that incorrectly - the techniques are all there in CS, but if anything they are too formal. It's the practical benefits of applying formal methods that are missing from general development (usually for good reasons). Just to remind people that the NHS isn't the sole provider of health care in the UK - there are plenty of private health care insurers and providers which seem to co-exist fairly happily with the socialist NHS. "because we can't imagine the "unfairness" of a system which doesn't cover everyone exactly 100% equally." The system in the UK doesn't even pretend to have "100% equality" - if you want to you can go to private health providers and insurers. Very few people do though because the socialized care from the NHS is often good enough. As for complaints about bureaucracy - I'm always amazed at how little bureaucracy is involved. Only time I can remember signing a form in a hospital was after my wife had a climbing accident and the hospital wanted to keep her in longer but she wanted to go home - so we had to sign some disclaimer. Maybe I am a socialist or something, but I actually really like the idea of everyone in this country getting pretty decent healthcare that is free at the point of delivery. Of course, I know that I am taxed for it in various ways - but for this I am happy to pay. You need a catchy application that lets people understand the benefits of this technique, why not use it to rank the in real-time what things celebrities on Twitter are talking about... or something like that. Hyper-V is a bit of a pain as it doesn't let you over-commit on memory. VMWare ESXi looks like a much better bet - I'm currently thinking about moving 40+ VMs in a development environment from Hyper-V to ESX so we can run more of them at the same time. Reminds me of my first job straight out of University (1988) - there was a client who had a sysadmin who had a bad habit of logging in as root and running rm *. This didn't cause any immediate problems - but all hell broke loose when tried to reboot their system. They had about 25 users on a 386-25 - quite a decent system in its day. Being old enough to remember the Alvey Programme and having worked on the EU ESPRIT programme I'm just a wee bit skeptical when I hear a politician making any announcements about funding one particular area of CS research. The Semantic Web has always appeared to me to be good old symbolic AI with a dash of angle brackets. That is interesting - particularly the comment that you can express lambda calculus in pi-calculus but not (as I read it) the other way round. Is anyone trying to build a "real world" programming language that is strictly defined in terms of pi-calculus? Given the emphasis in pi-calculus on communication and transportability of channels themselves that might work out a better basis for a real programming language than lambda calculus seems to have been for functional languages (or predicate calculus for logical languages, which don't seem very popular these days). What about: - Documentation - Testing - Support - Competitive analysis All areas that technical people often hate to get involved in. Isn't that just because in ye olden days before grade inflation relatively few people got 1sts in CS? Anyone else think of Anathem when they read this? Although avout would probably calculate fractals by singing... I quite like falling asleep while listening to something, but I wish there was some way that my iPod could work out that I've gone to sleep and cut out at that point. Maybe an app that requires you to hold the iPod vertically and pauses audio playback out when it goes into any other position for more than a configurable number of seconds? Well, the fact that they were once set to 00000000 has been made public: http://www.damninteresting.com/ive-got-the-same-combination-... OK I really tried to like this. However, most of the content seems to be at this level: "Favorite historical person of importance?" "Madonna. She was so extreme in her youth, that she made it safe for everyone else to be edgy." I wonder how much that domain cost? I like to call from ActionScript out to JavaScript and call the normal logging component there - means that Flex/Flash log entries are shown in the same log as entries from JavaScript component. The university should have told him when he enrolled for the course that some classes might not be possible because of his age. "Summer field work" sounds like it could have a marked degree of risk and/or physical effort required. If that is the case, then I can see that it might not be a good idea for a kid to do them (regardless of how bright or mature he is). Anyone who hasn't realised that shouldn't be allowed near a compiler. I really meant that comment to be restricted to a commercial context - in someone is paying you to code, they are usually asking for problems to be solved and sometimes those problems don't require much (or any) code to be written. Careful, that will start a claim that engineers are better at writing fiction than anyone else ;-) Yes, but passwords are typically used as a form of authentication (i.e. something you know) - to prove the identity of the user. Once a user has authenticated themselves then it is a separate problem to decide what they are authorized to see. Even really complex keys in links are still a big problem as they are far too easy to pass around - I've seen multiple problems on commercial systems and products where documents didn't require authentication before access and "security" relied on having an obscure key value directly represented in a link. I've started asking in interviews what people thought was wrong with a particular language or environment and if they had any thoughts as to features they would want added (or removed). Possibly the second coolest thing that CERN has ever done. "we've taken serendipity out of the equation" Unfortunately, serendipity is exactly what is at the heart of scientific and technological progress. Look at CERN, we fund particle physics, what do we get: the Web. Good post - my son is 11 and I have very similar feelings. I can't comment on the US, but here in the UK it is pretty clear to me that there are some schools that do work - and work very well. The problem is that these aren't the majority - not by any means. We currently live somewhere where my work is a 20 minute walk away, my wife's work is 15 minutes walk away and our son's school is 10 minutes walk away. That has made a huge difference to what we can both get done in a day - no need for long commutes (previous role had a commute of 2.5 hours a day) or school drop off and pick ups. Wasn't there someone on here a while back working on a system that can extract topics from text - he was wondering what to do with it. Perhaps a site with some kind of personal Bayesian filtering to categorize posts - the sort of thing I do in my head when reading comments on the BBC site (where most posts fall into my "Foaming at mouth Daily Mail reader" and "Naive Socialist" categories). Why not try selling it on sedo.com - I purchased a domain there last year and was fairly happy with the way things worked out. The main factor is probably being in central Edinburgh - which has a combination of nice homes, offices and good schools in a fairly compact area. That isn't the case - I have an example right here of a large expensive application that uses an old Java XML parser (some ancient version of Xerces I think) that gets very upset if you feed it an XML document that has a BOM. OS Maps seem to have been made freely available for a while as part of some sites, e.g. the wonderful Geograph site: http://www.geograph.org.uk/ I want to get an iPad so I can try supporting this kind of interaction in OpenShapes ( http://shap.es/docs ) - probably using Raphaël http://raphaeljs.com/ as the rendering component The bulk of OpenShapes is in JavaScript - so should be good fun making the editor work with the touch interface. Watch - that's an English case. The relevant law in Scotland is quite different. I rather liked the Y Permutator story - if for no other reason than it made me think whether it should have been C Combinator. As long as Google supports searching based on this then it's a great idea ;-) What something like putting an entire country behind a NAT firewall? Not sure that would represent progress - more likely a Balkanisation of the Net. Do you think that content would have to be available as a native app or would a web based solution be good enough? Where do you get 12 from - I've used Java from early in '95 so I'd make it at least 15. Can't stand it these days. Another mystery from the same region is how they managed to melt thousands of tons of rocks to make forts with vitrified walls: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vitrified_fort The Tap o' Noth in particular is rather impressive. So is German the Java of natural languages? I'm pretty sure awk is Turing Complete while grep isn't. I'll agree with you on that point if we ship Tony Blair to the ICC. I wonder what the chances are of getting a response from emailing those folks directly? Presumably that would mean that operating systems (at least for guests) could become a lot simpler as in most cases the guest is there for one specialized purpose and doesn't need most of the features usually found in an OS. I'm surprised that 40 turned up. Perhaps it is something with societies in ascendancy - Britain in the 19th Century, the USA in the 20th. I can't see Britain producing engineers with the status of Brunel anymore: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel Kleiner Perkins - they did ask for people to get in touch. It's tempting in a very very long shot kind of way. Me too - Edinburgh What about generalizing the "Baker Street" app so that you can tag any place with music or audio? :-) Not to mention developer-years tracking down really obscure bugs that turn out to be caused by a particular AV application. Someone announcing P=NP in a non-delicate way is part of Charlie Stross's story "Antibodies". I can recommend this book - it covers the same topics but is written by someone who spent decades in consulting rather than a few months: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Rip-off-Scandalous-Management-Consul...