To use English seemed to be easier than to use native language. First you know your native language. Then you need to learn programming. Programming uses symbols which don't make sense - except as concepts in programming. So you just learn that "while" is a loop with condition, and "print" makes letters appear on the screen. "While" doesn't, for example, associate with time, only with condition; "print" doesn't evoke images of a printing machines, newspapers or anything else. No semantic confusion whatsoever; to the contrary, if that would be written in the native language, it would immediately bring associations, which may be unwanted. A few comments to above. Some words are already used in the language, so, knowing how a certain combination of English letters is pronounced, one still gets some associations. "Function" is a rather international word, for example (brought into English from another language?). Next, learning first some programming helps with learning later English itself. For many words first associations remain related to computers; e.g., "performance" (though not widely used in programming languages, but it is used in technical manuals) is first for a processor, not for an actor on the scene. In pure functional programming, so well mentioned in some PG's articles, you have only functions - no numbers. You can make numbers from functions, though. Then, you may have a basis - a set of functions which are sufficient to represent arbitrarily complex algorithm, i.e., Turing complete set; see here - http://dkeenan.com/Lambda/ . Such a set may consist from only one function. So, the whole program is a structure of calling that function. Writing down such a program, we obviously don't need to write the function - it comes by default; we only need to write the structure, which can be represented by ( and ) . In a different way, than what I see here, but still - one bit per parenthesis, very simple processor, lots of memory and lots of steps for simple operations - a Turing tarpit... Just last week I've practiced "I don't understand" again. Now I don't particularly like jeopardizing my position at work, but looks like that question wasn't met well. A manager running the meeting (plans for next year) frowned upon a person who seems to be not understanding what he was talking before. In retrospect, I might missed some explanations - didn't quite get them at the time he gave them, possibly didn't pay enough attention - but that was the reason for my question! The matter was important to "get". Hard to say if the annoyance was justified... but the result is this question may also backfire, even if it shouldn't. Idiots include also that vocal part of population longing for - and getting - Nobel prizes. One ought to realize how different SU was in 20s, 50s, even 70s from Russia today. People in SU thought about themselves and their country very similarly as it is in US now - the most progressive country, and of course, the smartest and overall best people. Little doubt about that. Tokens were much more serious then - in US one says "if you smart, you should be rich", in SU it was "if you're good, you can perhaps show an Order" - and they weren't easy to get. Imagine the life in the South, pictured in "Gone with the wind", without slavery - because almost everybody was in the same conditions - and stimulus responses will be different. Again, what use would be for a pile of cash in SU? Not much - you can't buy proportionally, since the whole economy is targeted to "regular people", and you'd get people looking at you funny pretty soon. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Constitutional_Conventi... GA144, from Green Arrays, is a chip which is very good for space applications - computational power, energy efficiency, predictability, versatility, radiation tolerance... Yet after a year and a half on the market there is still no sensible C compiler for it. I doubt "C is as close as you can get to WYSIWYG" is always entirely correct. You bet. The problem of getting to orbit was solved "somehow" in 1950's, with emphasis on reliability, then terminal control optimized the result some decades later, when the hardware became available... But the basic task is still way below capabilities of even modest modern computers. Space X may afford to have quite a bit of redundancy. J is one of the underappreciated gems among programming languages. Everybody talks about languages which are Lisp successors, but when it comes to shortening the path from the thought to the code, J gives something to pause and think about. I did, almost twice. First time it was a home-grown layer on top of the DBMS (MS SQL Server at the time). After an investment we've got a requirement to switch to Oracle. We anticipated that (or something like it) when designing the system, so it went smoothly. Second time it was using MySQL from Sun workstations, with the idea of eventually switching to Oracle. That's why "almost" - we knew about the requirement in advance, so we didn't create hard dependencies on MySQL. Yet we didn't constantly test our system vs. Oracle either. Admittedly the latest of these happened more than 10 years ago. Among other things NK-33 has completely redesigned turbopump comparing to NK-15. The pump believed to be the major cause of problems with NK-15. According to "3. Deficient research skills / Chronically poor knowledge of the platform's features", "Re-inventing or laboring without basic mechanisms" is a bad thing. I don't think so. I routinely work on a carefully chosen subset of a (big) language/platform, having benefits of such an approach - both immediate (stable compilers, proven patterns) and long-term (better maintainability by somebody who's not an expert in all facets of the language/platform). One of the tricks is to have what you're doing - or what you're going to do - really small. This way you don't have enough time to become bored. For this approach to work, you need to be able to split meaningful projects into still somewhat meaningful, fun enough but small subprojects. Another thing is that for many projects you're starting it understanding that you won't finish it - in one piece of time. You're going to start, progress, reflect on it, do some more - then put it on the shelf for a while. And this is ok. This allows you to actually boldly start projects which you know you won't finish - again, in one chunk. For example, I also took several courses on Coursera etc. and dropped then after a couple of weeks. But they are still high in my priorities - as soon as I can/want/return to the same subject of interest, I come back to the courses, reading the material, watching videos and even doing homework. This at least allows me, when taking that course second time (if I need to - usually I don't, the primary reason is knowledge, not the certificate) to feel right at home. I'd say, don't throw away that list of ideas you developed while working on something - but check it, choose perhaps something out of it for the new list, may be you're still interested in some projects mentioned there. And... you still have to be persistent at times. Don't worry - it's a source of great feeling when you actually finish something non-trivial - and only you know how hard it was, and you really learned things from that - and you know you're better because of that. I wonder - why not to make an empty plastic shell similar to a human in form? Uncanny valley? Similarly, why now to make empty heads - possibly custom-made, for each person who's going to use the robot? May be it's a design question. The torso shouldn't be human-like, but the idea is to make it - less ugly, subjectively? - than a stick with an iPad on it. Yes, it somehow should avoid being confused with robot - so may be it shouldn't look like a stereotypical robot. I agree that everything has a price; the question is, is it justified by perceived improvement in looks. To me, a Segway with a stick looks odd, especially in a company of a few people walking somewhere. Something more resembling "a figure" could likely improve the perception. A head model could both make easier to realize who you're talking to - I guess this can be useful - and also improve overall looking. I agree that it's also not as easy - and reconfigurable - as just having an iPad. It seems to me there is a potential for improvements. See http://www.jsoftware.com/papers/tot.htm . Then you probably know that already. The link is rather for those who seeks tools "to work with the speed of thought". Different languages claim achievement of different grades of "if you can state the problem in the language, you're done", but APL family does that with its own flavor of elegance. Quite a direct story. And it's hard to find that line where further advancements suddenly become unwelcome. I guess the advice "know your limits" is what we have. "There are also no moving parts anywhere on Gaia. Even the antenna to communicate with Earth has been designed to point electronically, not mechanically." Good, but on the next line... "And if the satellite does need to make fine adjustments, it has been equipped with thrusters that can squirt just 1.5 micrograms of nitrogen gas a second." Is there really no moving parts on Gaia? Hmmm, they could try to use the Earth magnetic field for orientation; I guess the microthrusters were better... P.S. And saying "accuracy of about seven micro-arcseconds for the nearest stars" is a little bit inkorrect. Piezoelectric actuator still relies on a mechanical motion. It has to be - the idea of nitrogen nozzle is to have a storage of nitrogen under some pressure in a closed volume, and to be able to open that volume to let some gas out. That opening has to be mechanical - unless they use some exotic force fields to keep nitrogen from escaping, in which case it's hardly a (regular) nitrogen thruster anymore. Flexing is still a motion. That, however, can be compensated with an opposite motion in another gas channel. If other parts of satellite can bend on demand, they'd need an actuator or, alternatively, one can use Earth magnetic fields to reorient the spacecraft and let external forces affect it unevenly, thus providing bending. This, however, is outside of the scope of the article. So, to summarize - either secondary subsystems on Gaia are quite unconventional, or the article isn't quite precise. There is a saying in Russia that if you aren't satisfied with what government officials do, go and sue them. Mikhail Pukhov, "The way to Earth". https://kon-tiki.appspot.com/lunolet1/doc/package-summary.ht... Here is a cool screensaver about Buran: http://buran.ru/htm/scr_en.htm Western media is used to accuse Soviet system in technology copying. However sometimes the accusations go a little bit too far. Particularly in the aerospace area it would be naive to deny the Soviets their prowess - with Buran, which differs significantly from the Shuttle (see the article above), with Tu-144, which flew before Concord, not to mention today's half-broken Soviet-era technology which manages to lift about half of world space payloads to orbit and provides West with rocket technology - RD-180 for Atlas, NK-33 for Antares etc. How Tu-144 could be spied if it flew earlier? Buran was copied in shape and in overall capabilites, once on orbit, for the reasons mentioned. Buran wasn't copied both internally and on the launcher side - so we might say Buran copied some things, but had others originally developed. Soviets were great copiers, in many areas - and in many others there weren't where to copy from. They had to develop great many things themselves. I'd like to correct - Energia didn't have solid boosters; the four strap-ons were considered the first stage and burned LOX/kerosene in RD-170. RD-170 has 2 axis of thrust vectoring for each chamber, and RD-171 - the variant used in Zenit rockets - has 1 axis of thrust vectoring (the tangential one). You probably mean contributing in the dollar amount, but that's hardly the scale I'd choose to measure it by. To choose the shape, the easier path was taken: this one works, so let's safely do the same. That doesn't mean that the choice wasn't analyzed and justified, not that aerodynamic testing wasn't done - for examples, picture here - http://buran.ru/htm/history.htm - show the evolution of the overall architecture, where the Shuttle scheme was just one of the considered factors. That's the same with all planes, ships and cars in general. At a glance they all look the same. We're discussing which projects were original developments and which were follow-ons. The criteria you mention opens doors to wild speculation concerning shortcomings of very many projects on both sides of the Iron Curtain. Well, the point is that it's a common belief the thing A was stolen, not developed independently, and in practice for a state of the art technical achievement you usually already have to be pretty damn good just to be able to copy verbatim, not to mention to have substantial advantages. I won't say Concord was copied from Tu-144. Similarly, I wouldn't say soviet electronics was just a rip-off; there were enough original works even outside of the relatively well known BESM-6 project. Even to copy chips in 1980-s it takes you to have the necessary technology for reverse engineering - something I doubt any country ever had on that scale, at least at the time. Especially having more than one space station at the same time. There were Mir and Salut-7, with cosmonauts flying between them, and there were Mir and ISS - without such flights, since they were in the different orbital planes. I also happen to think the Soviet moon project was about 80% complete. No showable results, though - which allowed to deny the very existence of the project - but at least the hardware heritage is still there in the flying systems. I'm, of course, interested in arguments with some base to them. Wikipedia marks the section as "disputed" and mentions that stolen (if) were the preliminary designs. Again, you have to know a lot to have use of plans like that - especially when the design is a moving target. Yes, but also about Blok-D - the fifth stage of N1-L3 stack - being used on Proton and Zenit today for launching telecom sats to GEO, and also about Soyuz spacecraft - which got a lot of development in preparation for Moon flights. Remember Apollo-1. And also Energia is working on the PTK NP project. If you know the physical pixel density, SVG image can maintain its physical size on different devices. Now try to do that with PNG... I think PNG and SVG inherently solve somewhat different problems in the realm of image representation, so there are going to be cases where each of them has the clear upper hand. However, with pixel density going up and file sizes and network bandwidth not being the limiting factors in many cases, I'd guess SVG will command increasingly bigger share of uses. Hm, even more so than Mercury? You might be right, though; hard to judge. Both sides were definitely in a hurry with designs. Scott Adams can likely teach a robot to laugh. And to make jokes. Well done. Indium isn't a rare earth element, is it? I think winged spacecrafts will allow more reliable, and therefore economical flights. This one is particularly interesting, as the shape which flew in 1980's is still considered to be one of the most promising. This would make awesome reusable first stage for orbital launches. Provided, of course, other air launch problems could be solved. Are you sure that it isn't something somehow related to Facebook which makes those site to use Facebook login, and not, say, its own? I find strange the assumption that bytecode is bigger than the source. It's not true for many programs and many languages. Since we have interpretation phase anyway, it would be interesting to try to optimize for size and speed of interpretation or pre-compilation. I see the point; but I don't think it has enough justification. Something evolutionary successful isn't always globally perfect - rather it's most probable along the path from there to here. JavaScript may stay long with us. Or - as sometimes happens - it could be eclipsed in few years, as happened with technologies and paradigms before. Say, guessing correctly on technologies in use in 2000, sitting in 1990, would be quite hard. Not that "more direct approach" of defining bytecode and standardizing should always be better. With ideas disruptive enough many bets are off. Because the research will take a significant part of the project time. Once the thorough research is done - third-party libraries are verified (that they do what's needed, and not too buggy), prototypes are written (to confirm libraries and internal dependencies work as expected), proof-of-concepts are run (to actually see that it's possible for a reasonable effort), time is measured (to confirm the way to go), interfaces are clarified (as part of the research, specifically, in the architecture department), results are estimated (basing on all results above), specifications are formalized (and agreed upon) - there is an awful lot less of what to do. "Developer estimates are regularly off because they seldom impact the developer directly." I think I most disagree with this. Developers, in my experience, are quite often asked to leave the company after such estimates. It's good to have a template - it helps not to forget things - but it is inherent in the work to have unknowns. Large unknowns. A good consultant would probably refuse to work on a project which would require him to use several major technologies which aren't familiar to him, but developer in a company may not have such a luxury as selecting a kind of a project. If you're really good at estimates, try to play that you can keep not only the final delivery, but also the partial ones. Something like "you can be sure I'll get 100% done because you can check when 10% is going to be done". Sure it's not a guaranteed sale - and it's harder to keep both partial estimates and totals, comparing to only totals - but it's still something. Our experiences obviously differ. Usually it goes like this - the developer gives his best estimate (which is, by the way, hard by itself - a lot of things has to be taken into account), and that estimate is considered too high. So the developer is ordered - in one form or another - to, effectively, "do it faster". Often it's by cutting corners in places deemed least important - but then it also reduces probability of the correct estimate overall. One more thing - specifications are quite rarely are good enough - there are other reasons why that's the case - and the final result causes management to wonder, why it doesn't include this, of why that works this clumsy way. So nobody's happy - and developer pays the price. It may look as the developer isn't good at writing software... because "writing software" is a sort of encompassing figure. With a bit of tongue-in-cheek... 1. Data networks It's an open question of using WiFi as the universal carrier - we're not at that point yet; but it's not a question of using existing GSM networks. It's going to be hard for carriers to deny, after some point, minutes to paying customers. 2. The cost of entry - OS, cloud store, apps This happened time and again. Remember when Linux has appeared on the stage? Seen porting projects, like Wine, PetrOS, Mono? Realize that Android was built not from scratch, at least concerning interfaces? Second time is almost always cheaper - and in our times, by a wide margin. 3. Access to hardware components - need good hardware... No. I don't care much if the phone is 5 mm or 2 mm thick, 100 g or 250 g heavy - just like a word processor user doesn't care if letter appears on the screen in 10 ms or 90 ms after he hit the keyboard. At some point it becomes irrelevant, and competition shifts elsewhere. See Firefox phone as another example. 4. Retreat to the low end Yes, you see it. The fact that the product is a commodity doesn't mean it doesn't exist. 5. A disruptive UI It was surely a pain to switch from sleeky Nokia UI to strange future of IPhone, no? How about Sugar, from One Laptop Per Child project, which was done anew? 6. Be realistic? I certainly see a point in what you're saying; but don't you see the power of fashion - ones all important things are by default? As soon as changes become unimportant, returns dwindling and defaults good enough, attention goes to other things - a similar thing happened in automotive world, where a lot of customers buy not the functionality, but trendiness. I guess by everybody who doesn't actively object? It will require correspondingly more power, and then the mass of power supply will be a problem. Oh, it could be much worse. The first website of SpaceX was, IMO, with questionable design. I think the idea is you can work for anybody, but you should think what you're doing. If everything the company does is immoral, don't work for them at all. If not all is immoral, you can do what's moral. Usually it's a whole gray of shades. No, bothersome is the one above - that a police department chief is not about to turn down a free tank. If your police has such a mentality, you ought to be worried already. Agree. But it doesn't mean we shouldn't evaluate officials - especially elected ones - on their views. Now, what could be a workable approach... Voting is the evaluation I'm talking about. Of course it's biased :) . Systems and results are surely quite important but we still have individuals in the picture, so we want to pay attention to them as well. This is the only part of the article which seemed odd. Surely you benefit from ability to make a bunch of transformations in your head, without having to go to a computer? In other words, if computer in Distil does that kind of thinking which is necessary faster than the author - heck, if it can do that at all - I want to work in Distil. Still didn't get it? I'm definitely not talking about rot summation and multiplication. So, did stderr outlive its purpose? Why OR doesn't short circuit? Note that an R line of code can potentially be equivalent to many lines of C code - more frequently than the opposite. A great law hack, should I say? I think those problems don't have complete information. Air Traffic Control employs certain models of behavior of planes and air flows, which are not exact. Understanding of situation could be different among participants, so are actions. Driving Cars doesn't have information about all surroundings (say, behind the bush) - and definitely not about plans of other agents in the area. Logistics have to deal with uncertainties of transportation - you can't be sure a particular truck going through Oregon won't be delayed by a storm. Chess isn't a solved problem (checkers is). Imagine how nicely this problem - with machines gradually becoming better - would play out in a country resembling Soviet Union. In SU, everyone works for government, and salaries aren't too different. So, with greater and greater employment of robotics, salaries can gradually rise, and working hours gradually decrease - and the whole society gets benefits more or less at the same time. More money supports demand for products - to some extent - and more time allow to improve the quality of life - people devote more time to kids, to arts, to each other, to interesting ideas etc. Easy. Just make some problems getting the products of those automated enterprises to the market. Like, 90% tax. Poverty is a relative term. The article mentions that people compare their lives not to kings of the past, but to riches of the present. I think you're wrong. Spike nozzle has the spike which extends the whole length until flow from different sides converges. Aerospike is truncated but the circulating gas doesn't need to come from turbine; neither X-33 nor Spiral projects dropped turbine exhaust through the spike. The problem is not so much building as it is cooling small engines. Scaling works against you here. You can download a good simulating tool for liquid fuel rocket engines - http://www.propulsion-analysis.com/ - it will show how, when you're decreasing engine size and fuel flow it becomes not enough fuel to cool of the engine. Spike nozzle is particularly problematic around the throat, which has bigger area than for a regular bell-shaped nozzle. However, it may negatively impact your chances on an interview. You'd probably be wrong. Cultural fit may be important, and you don't want to get strange looks on an interview. At the same time the company still might be quite good - as in "early Google"-like good. True. However this mode isn't very useful when you need to lift something from Earth - or just to keep it in the air. Thank you. However, turbine exhaust can't provide much thrust - both flow and speed aren't large. So the spike nozzle doesn't get much thrust from turbine gases - yet it can get it from chamber gases. Government should really lose it's practical power on many matters. Examples: government officials actually should be very transparent, as in "they can't refuse they are constantly monitored by public". Legal opportunities for various kinds of "closed doors negotiations" should be sharply reduced, as in "closed door negotiations are only allowed in cases 1), 2) and 3)", for example, military, international talks. Many decisions involving specific actions are required to have the name of the decider, who is both required to be questioned by public and, if public decides, removed from the position (mechanism of decision is another matter). And of course all these questions have answers, so our smart future archaeologists will eventually dig it up. "Bread and circuses" calls are heard from millenia ago. Killing NASA is so hard perhaps because it's a pretty good circus. And Iran will stop its nuclear program. Hash tables were highly praised by Knuth as "the invention of the year". If we have binary search in the list, we should have hashes. The main problem with the elevator, in my opinion, for many years already is not in the strength of the material. After all, nanotubes are known for many years, and their properties are sufficient for the tether, so in principle it can be done. No, the main problem is with satellites. In fact, asking many times - what to do with existing or future satellites - I never heard a workable answer, even in principle. Just a reminder - every satellite crosses the equatorial plane twice for every rotation around the Earth. Majority of satellites are below the geostationary orbit. So, given enough time every satellite will hit the tether - and even if tether is near-zero width, the satellite isn't. One of ideas was to dynamically move the tether - from the Earth, making propagating wave along the tether, which would avoid the satellites. This means we need the good means of watching the space and predicting satellites movements - even small satellites can bring trouble. But that's not enough, we might get a situation when we need to perform conflicting movements, considering the current state of the wave. This problem is well known for decades. Attempts to launch satellites from the elevator - and the elevator makes it tantalizingly cheap, so we'll want to launch many - will exacerbate the problem. The whole world astronautics will have to adjust to accomodate the elevator - and nobody knows how it is going to look like. No. The elevator's tether is a continuous object of length at least 36 000 km, from atmosphere to geostationary orbit. Practically all satellites are flying within that range of heights. Proton rocket with DM booster and Zond - a version of Soyuz spacecraft, without the orbital module - was launched multiple times in 1960s. DM adds about 3 km/s deltaV. Baikonur latitude is 46N, to get to 39N one needs to change orbital plane for 7 degrees, sin(7)*8 km/s is about 1 km/s. So there could be some options there. Russia launched about a dozen Proton rockets a year at the time of Columbia disaster, two Soyuz spacecrafts and two-three Progress spacecrafts. Proton used to launch several Soyuz without Orbital Section, called Zond, in 1960s, with booster DM to fly around the Moon. DM adds about 3 km/s of deltaV. Orbital plane change for 7 degrees - between Baikonur's 46 and Columbia's 39 - takes sin(7)*8 km/s = 1 km/s. So technically it could be considered to launch (several) Progress ship(s) with necessary cargos to Columbia while three unmanned Soyuzes would be prepared and sent to the rescue. Soyuz approaches Columbia, gets caught by manipulator, astronauts use spacesuits from Soyuz - which have to be extracted from Soyuz first. ISS, meanwhile, had to be kept without ships, which means landing the crew, hopefully temporarily. All that could be considered. But I don't think anybody high in chain of command considered all of that necessary. > Actually it is far better to minimize the number of launches to complete any mission. Doubtful. To design a big rocket takes a lot of money - and big rocket doesn't get to be used as much as a smaller rocket sometimes, which makes it more expensive per flight. The opinions of Elon Musk aren't always perfect either. Certain technical decisions are made not because they are best, but because they are available - like, SpaceX just knows how to do that, and considers it expensive to learn the alternatives. Which is quite justifiable on economical grounds. Several big rockets already were built - and all struggled, more or less, with lack of payloads. First was Saturn-5 - and N-1 arguably was closed because there wasn't enough interest in it, in terms of payloads, for anybody involved. Then it was Energia - again, may be, should USSR survive, it'd still flew, but it was closed, while Proton and Zenit survived. Last was Space Shuttle - which was particularly expensive lately with not enough missions to justify its annual cost. So, with big rockets, it's doubtful that "build them, and they will be used" approach works. On the other hand, we really don't need big rockets that much anymore - we can do anything with existing rockets. It would be interesting to see how often Falcon 9 Heavy will be employed. Energia is long gone. RD-170 family is alive and well though. You'd still need a good sized hydrogen engine - a kind of SSME or RD-0120. But may be you just don't need too big of a rocket. 25 tons on LEO could be enough for everything, and you'll launch that often enough so a single launch won't be expensive. You can assemble stations, create orbital fuel depots, even make on-orbit manufacturing if you want something really big in one piece. Yes, there are problems. Soyuz could fly pretty close to Columbia, but to get to the bay could be tricky. It was not going to be a regular docking - but something for a saving mission. If Soyuz could be taken to the Columbia bay, an astronaut in the Columbia spacesuit could approach Soyuz and open the hatch. Spacesuits could be extracted from Soyuz without entering the spacecraft. Talk about ingenious ideas with rope, attached to the front hatch, etc. The Soyuz spacesuit then is delivered to inside Columbia, where somebody could wear it to get to Soyuz. > Knowing English is pretty much a prerequisite for programming. Emphatically no. You can be a brilliant programmer without knowing English. Of course, that doesn't say that knowing English somehow hurts. I've met many programmers smart enough to learn programming to expert levels despite not knowing English and having to rely on whatever was available in other languages - sometimes that was plenty, sometimes they had to reinvent algorithms. At the same time I know other good programmers who were faced with the problem of learning programming and English at the same time and succeeded at that. Education. I think a good target would be to diminish the effects of propaganda. That could be hard to do, actually - for example, Putin supporters point out many things done by and in USA as examples of what is supposedly "normal", and USA doesn't have nothing like stellar record lately - be it in human rights, surveillance, invasions etc. But education looks very important - especially if your goal not only to "fix the Ukrainian invasion problem", but also prepare for life after Putin - be it in two months or twenty years. This is indeed going to be the heaviest rocket in existence. SpaceX is truly pushing the envelope for the available launchers. I'd really appreciate if they's bring to market the F-9H. However saying that it's second only to Saturn V is incorrect - unless followed by words "in the USA". That's because ill-fated N-1 was bigger - and Energia with both successfull orbital launches was bigger as well, by the payload on LEO. Even Space Shuttle would be bigger, if you'd count by liftoff weight. That's kinda interesting - the picture in the article mentions existing launchers and Space Shuttle, which doesn't fly anymore, and that's understandable - people can compare to familiar things. But to conclude that it's second only after Saturn V... I guess SpaceX marketing department isn't very concerned with how misleading their statements are :) . Come on, SpaceX - you don't need those exagerrations, you're good as you are - don't spoil your image trying to artificially look better. Missing the mark. It's Snowden's problem, not blessing, that he had to choose Russia - with all latest developments there. Unfortunately for Snowden, there is no better place for him - or at least he can't get there from where he is now. I don't think US should really boast their record on these matters here. I guess, if you live in an oppressive regime and have to use whatever means are available, you get a good training. Alternatively, if the society is comparably more free and you don't use your rights, you tend to forget about them - why, most of the time it works by default. But when suddenly something doesn't work - you don't know what to do. Compare to approaches Russian opposition is taking. They have to know law, often know (much) better than judges which don't follow the law anyway - but at least the opposition reasoning and their logical constructions could be heard. I guess, not anymore - state-controlled media isn't going to provide objective coverage of "criminals" in courts. You don't get a more impressive list because these are the only remaining sources. The rest are suppressed - by various means. Echo of Moscow could be the last - and might be closed not because it's oppositional but just because it's more balanced than government-influenced media. One can just wait - dictatorial approach always becomes clear, as the people's life suffer, but it takes time to distinguish propaganda from reality. The hope is this time it wouldn't take that long. However there should be reasons to change the society faster - and that requires efforts. Actually, soft force could be quite powerful. There is somewhat relevant Iran example. I think the West has plenty of opportunities here. On the other hand, those won't come free - and I understand the hesitation. Yet again, to some - smaller - extent we have a situation, which is similar to what happened already about 80 years ago in Europe. I'd guess, much smaller percentage than in Europe, where many neighboring countries speak different languages. Why Russians should study foreign language if they are not going to use that - and that's the case for large percentage of population? It's similar to US in that regard - almost all know English, that's enough at home, and usually enough in neighboring Canada, and the primary foreign language is Spanish, probably because another major neighbour, Mexico, speaks Spanish. Google Translate is pretty good :) but distinctively worse still than the native tongue. I usually point to Yakunin's articles; Matvienko, Peskov are not unusual guests in Echo of Moscow. On the other hand, it's pretty rare to hear opinion of Kasparov, Navalny or Kasyanov on primary TV channels. I've tried to compare Echo of Moscow to RT, for example. Echo had much more details - when RT said "policemen stopped the people who blocked the way", Echo actually provided photos and videos, together with short interviews with both policemen and people those policemen detained. There are many people in Russia who don't like Echo. But if you try to find out why, you'll find it's because Echo is simply different - not the majority, as should be expected, frankly, if you'd consider the possibility of the media being filtered by some means. You should go for facts - which is often hard - and Echo is probably most professional in giving you facts, from all sides and opinions. Indeed it takes a good sense to learn good things from imperfect teachers. One has to see the forest behind the trees and understand what good US can teach to Russia - even though US is quite susceptible to similar ills itself. To resolve different opinions, we have to agree on some basic relevant facts and some criteria to judge. Apparently it's tough for subjects like this. Even common sense becomes not so common for people with different views. Then there is the question of facts - which sources would you trust? Factual bias can effectively shape opinions. You think, if Noam Chomsky would receive the Turing award, they'll talk about his other achievements? Really?.. I think BI per se might change the landscape somewhat - and that depends on its scale - but "rapidly change" - no, you don't principally differentiate strangers with passports from strangers without. Twenty years ago a lot of people couldn't see themselves using a cellphone or an Internet. Not very clean. It's not immediately obvious how some statements are derived from initial axioms. I decided once to write a C preprocessor in a clean C. Some weeks and 5000 lines of code later, I had many features of it done except functional macro resolution. By that time I've got substantially tired with manual memory management. So I shelved the project. Then I started learning J, and after some time decided to implement a project in it. After some months I've got working an LR parser generator. I've got so impressed with J convenience - the whole thing was about 700 lines, majority of that was comments and I was writing really simple J, as I was just learning it. You can check out some preliminary notes about parser generator building (only the beginning of the process) here - http://www.jsoftware.com/jwiki/AlexMikhailov/Parsing . I think J could be much better - by certain criteria - suited for many real projects. And I have other examples as well. May be you can be interested in learning J? jsoftware.com has a nice installer for it, very few dependencies, small package. And I believe Ken Iverson thought J could be more logical than APL - in some aspects, which were learned while developing APL. An interesting, to me, capacity of Lisp is to be represented uniformly - so called homoiconicity. For example, having a Lisp program, you can relatively easily add - statically - a debug statement after each statement, and then use that resulting program instead. That would be harder to do in Haskell - because the Haskell syntax is much richer. Another doubt to "eating all languages lunches" comes from having multiple different paradigms in programming languages. I can imagine Haskell eating, say, Prolog's lunch - for example, Norvig has shown how Prolog could be implemented as embedded in Lisp. But I suspect it's going to be harder to repeat in Haskell the strong points of Forth (stack computations), Tcl (strings as universal media?) or J (composability of primitives), even though some approximations could be made. It's fishy idea to search for a singular "perfect" language - unless that's something like English, with all its imperfections built-in. I'd recommend reading Iverson's "Notation as a Tool of Thought" ( http://www.jsoftware.com/papers/tot.htm ) . Operator looks for APL - and then for J - were modelled after mathematical notation, which had to be extended somewhat towards computations. But can you imagine writing on a whiteboard, say, "samples_transposed" instead of A'? You definitely can use words instead of many symbols in J. I highly doubt though you want to do that for the core language. Much more productive - IMO - is to learn the vocabulary - which is very finite. Yes, I know it's a great show stopper for those considering learning J. Over here - http://www.infoq.com/presentations/j-language - there is discussion in the video of removal of the background. I'm surprised the article doesn't say what it is that makes the National Academies Institute of Medicine to say there is no way to ethically change standards. In other words, what are those medical dangers which can't - from NAIM point of view - be adequately handled? Gay marriage opinion is the grounds for changing CEO. How about immigration opinion? Animal rights opinion? Climate change opinion? Political views? To whom? I'm disagreeing with Brendan on that opinion. That was $1000 - and I was thinking about donating an equivalent amount to the other cause before I learned I'm way too late. But having him step down? Now, we can have our - even good - corporations run by moral people - scratch that: by people whose most important virtue is morality. That could be good. Good for everybody. But I'm not so sure - so I'd hesitate to demand Brendan to step down. Because he has quite a talent to be useful in other important places. Or, alternatively - what would you think about my original question? Should we closely scrutinize executives on their beliefs across the whole spectrum? I suspect there are other important issues, besides LGBT opinions. Should we update the Bill? Heck, should we join Lessig's efforts - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Constitution_of_the_Uni... ? Nah, sounds a little controversial to me. 1) "opinion on gay marriage is a political view" 2) "Companies shouldn't stray into the realm of political opinion because their employees do not have homogenous political views." Employees may have - even strong - opinions against gay marriage. But they can't be homogenous?.. So they shouldn't be considered? Or being "particularly contentions (because)" makes them exempt? Looks like a really complicated subject, don't you think? What do you mean by "take"? Canadian employers aren't very familiar with a concept of working visa in practice - they prefer you to first have a permanent residence, then they can talk about hiring you. To get permanent residence, you have to pass the process, which is many months long. Am I substantially missing something? Hmm, http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/information/times/perm/skilled-... lists processing times in months. Options with many months of wait are known, but are there anything faster? Say, 90 days? But how long is the wait? In US, if - and that's a big if - you're lucky enough to win H-1b early April, you may start working early October. Is there anything as fast with Canada? Without employer agreeing to hire you even though you don't have a working visa - i.e., you have to apply for one? Automated functions, like storing money, transfers, (digital?) check processing, buying indices - all on explicit commands and with fees - even storing money - but dirt cheap. After that we can talk about less clear-cut functions, like various kinds of investments or loan offerings. I'm quite curious to know what this rocket is going to be used for. Say, next 5-10 years. Saturn-V was used for an important national program, where money weren't the option. N-1 was closed after 4 unsuccessful flights. Energia flew only twice. Shuttle flew for long time, but it was expensive, political and at a time even the only option. All other rockets had LEO payloads under 25 tons. That helped them to be cheaper, which, in turn, helped to prolong their operational life. SpaceX can't afford to have an expensive rocket. To fly only occasionally is dangerous - reliability may suffer. To fly frequent... Where they're going to get payloads for that? 50+ tons - that's a lot these days. Unless price per launch will be quite comparable to other launchers and reliability on par, F-9H may be left without paying customers. And to launch this rocket cheap may prove unwise for the company which is making it. There are plenty scientists, who are paid from government grants. Government even participated in training them - in state universities or with federal grants. Saying that it's not "government" which does research shouldn't imply that government can't be critically important in the process which led to research results. The question is not only about what could be invented with private funds. No, we also consider if it was actually invented with private funds - or if the government did that first, and now we are not sure when - or if - private capital would actually do that without government. I'd agree that there are examples of advancements which almost certainly would be delayed without government involvement, and there are examples where it's almost certain that even without government we'd have results in almost the same time. Human genome sequencing comes to mind. I've got perception that bureaucrats are reluctant to change things for the very reason the new things can come worse - and those specific bureaucrats will be held accountable, in one way or another. In other words, I doubt there is no reason to try to do better. May be incentives as a whole are different enough - say, lesser, if we can compare - with government-baked projects rather than with privately backed ones. Could it be so that government is less efficient, but only on some projects where it can have good competition from private resources? May be government is better - or actually the only option - with some other areas, where you just can't find private backing? SpaceX claims that Falcon-9 first stage has a pretty good mass ratio - meaning that the fuel weights many times more than the tanks and engines (and everything else). However, even if we assume 30 as the ratio of loaded vs. dry mass, which is better, for example, than Titan II first stage, which has pretty good mass ratio, we need to add the mass of landing legs - something unique for the Falcon. Suppose legs halve the mass ratio, making it 15. 9 engines are capable of lifting the dry first stage, the fuel in it, and the second stage plus payload. That means 9 engines can lift much more than 15 times the dry mass of the first stage. Dividing the thrust by 9 makes the thrust much more than necessary to support the dry stage. In other words, even the thrust of a single Merlin engine is more than enough to brake the dry weight of the first stage. That means when first stage lands the engine is throttled - spending less mass of fuel per second than it does when Falcon lifts off. The better mass ratio of the first stage, the smaller flow of fuel is needed to decelerate it - so less fuel is needed to brake. It's not enough to count seconds of thrust - how big the thrust is should also be taken into account. RD-180 was designed in 1990-s, after break-up of USSR, and you can't just saw in half RD-170 to get RD-180. "Refurbished" usually applies to something used for some time already - not to the rocket engines, certainly not to RD-180 and NK-33, which apart from being fire-tested weren't used in flight. Yes. JavaScript is lingua franca of the Web, so it may be important to have a particular functionality implemented in JavaScript. This way, if you, say, want to take a part of the program and use it elsewhere, you have the advantage of the same language. If you want to ask a question about the program, you can count on other people knowing the language. If you want to illustrate something using a program, you have a common ground here. The article evokes some doubts - particularly statement "JPL... first government-sponsored rocket lab in history". According to article, that happened in "late 1930-s", but already in 1933 in USSR rocket groups GIRD and GDL were combined into a research institute. A highly recommended "Ignition!" ( http://www.sciencemadness.org/library/books/ignition.pdf ) - a history of liquid propellant research by John Clark briefly describes genesis of JPL, mentioning Malina and Theodor von Karman. According to that, GALCIT was "Malina's group" (if I remember correctly). That's for internal, in Russia, consumption, for those who don't know better. Pay no attention... to the phrase itself. Only NK-33 modified into AJ-26 used on Antares rockets is manufactured in early 1970-s. RD-180 was designed in 1990-s, about the same time as RS-68, the engine from Delta-IV first stage. RD-180 are being manufactured continuously last ~20 years. All new, not manufactured long time ago. NK-33 - from which AJ-26 are made - aren't manufactured today. It's a question if the manufacturing will restart. There are a few tens of them in US. Orbital Sciences has that question in the middle of their table, or close to it. Russian-American relationships in space trace back to at least 1975, deep Cold War. We're not at that state of affairs just yet. As somebody mentioned on The Space Review, ISS is a front-runner for Nobel peace prize, so let's not jump the gun too early. It doesn't seem to be too desirable for Putin to close that particular relationship. Unfortunately engine itself is not produced. Those are all modifications of existing NK-33. Are you implying that Martha found a self-evident solution? :) That's sort of a problem. It is unfortunately often implied that leadership beats all other traits. Here we have a - specific - example when it doesn't. This example won't change the culture which values leadership above everything else (if, e.g., we have such a culture). And that's, I think, an important idea out of the story. Leadership could be valued so high that someone would automatically equate success with leadership. I.e., that who solves the problem is the leader by definition. Which is not - but might be overlooked too often. It is novel partially because the medium is different. The difference in medium isn't irrelevant. > the 64-core Parallella is still setting the standard in terms of energy efficiency. In fact, it could be argued that it’s the most efficient computer in the world today I'd be curious if it beats GreenArrays ( http://www.greenarraychips.com/ ) numbers of picojoules per operation. I wonder if those numbers are published for Parallela? Would you like to try JavaScript? It can be used both on the client - where it's the king since the Web was born - and on the server side, using technologies like Node.js You'd get to learn just one language this way. Besides, JavaScript has a relatively easy learning curve. That's why I'm asking. GA144 has 144 cores - but they are 18-bit wide, and the instruction set is rather unorthodox, even multiplication usually has to be programmed. Code density is pretty high, it's a Forth chip after all - but I suspect it is hard to achieve a good uniform load across the whole device... which might also be the case with Parallela. So we have to consider each claim differently. In general, though, they seem to be quite different chips. Great idea. Unfortunately the price to get there is still pretty steep. Can I get my pocket cube to orbit for $8k-10k? Without large efforts to organize a bigger payload? I doubt. > And that’s the leap: It is impossibly hard to imagine raising $1 million in 30 days, even as a contingent commitment (meaning, you only get charged if we hit the goal). That's because America is a poor country, and doesn't really want democracy. Compare to Russia - no, compare to Moscow: http://navalny.livejournal.com/845180.html 76 million (unrevocable) rubles in 2 months, with about 32 rubles per dollar exchange rate. Summer 2013, Moscow mayoral race. For the candidate opposing Putin regime. I'd like to be able to add my own pattern - because few of somewhat useful are missing and for other reasons. Start with Tsiolkovsky equation. Pick a fuel - that determines the speed of exhausting gases. Choose the number of stages - since you're trying to reduce complexity, you can't rely on good mass ratios. Obviously those things are related. When you'll try to make payload - and rocket - small, you'll find that some parts of the rocket reduce their mass in proportion to the total rocket mass, and some other parts don't. Tanks are usually the biggest parts by mass in an orbital rocket - and they scale down rather well, to a certain limit. Engines, however, could scale worse. That will affect your mass ratio, and at some point your payload will become zero. This is the main problem with current state of the art in high power rocketry (if you want to launch a satellite, you have to have more than 8 km/s delta-V, and this is enough to qualify it as a high power rocketry). Some parts - like control circuits and some sensors - advanced greatly since late 1950-s, and you can have a whole control system in a really small and a lightweight package. But engines, valves - you'll have to have valves - and, after some point, tanks (because you can't have too thin of a wall without breaking in a real flight) will stop scaling. You'll likely find that it's about the same mass of a rocket which can launch 1/4 kg to orbit or 1 kg to orbit. Elon Mask proved that $90 millions are enough to build a half-a-ton payload rocket from scratch. May be - may be - $1 million is enough to build and launch a smallest rocket from scratch. Hard to say... but it's definitely more than $100 thousands today. I suspect this is good in a certain cultural environment - say, in US. Otherwise those advices could be interpreted as strange. And when background is taken into account, it becomes more similar to a protocol. That doesn't explain the difference between US and the rest. Either the rest of the world has other, more noble purposes, which helps their children to learn better. In this case, should we think about purpose? Or the rest of the world has the same goals and just reaches them better than in US. In this case - should we learn how to pursue them properly? This all is in case US still believes the real education is important. May be it isn't? May be better education doesn't lead to a better life? In many areas the content is learned in layers - first you get some simple picture, then refined details, then some real depth. So it doesn't say much is something is learned in 2 years, the question is - how deep? I think forks and hooks are also interesting higher-order functions. You just have to invent a way to change albedo of a surface using only local resources. You also need to think how exactly you're going to cover that territory of France - how heavy should be robots doing that, how many of them, how they'll withstand harsh environment - and require replacements... 3) More correctly would be to say that MATLAB has a whole lot of APL. APL is one of the oldest languages, being developed in 50's. 5) You'll perhaps lose some power. Notation is important - check Ken Iverson's Turing lecture. Because fundamentally, if a craft is safe to send humans to orbit you want to send humans - not cargo, which is cheaper to send with a craft which is less safe. Which is really pity, but you can't expect too much. Watching the presentation, I felt that Elon wants to make an impression of XXI-century spacecraft - but he doesn't want to get into shoes of Doug Engelbart making a thing so great nobody will pay him to fully use that. No, Elon firmly wants not the perfect, but profitable solution. Which is very understandable. There are multiple places where SpaceX could really try to do better. The problem is, they'd spend much more money and time and get much less predictable results. Considering they already pushing envelope pretty hard, it's likely a wise decision to also use some more proven technologies. During rocket racing several years ago, XCOR participated with a rocketplane - a plane which only has a rocket engine as the sole mean of motion. They did two back-to-back flights. Between wheels stop and wheels start they had to prepare the rocketplane for the next flight. They did that in under 9 minutes - about 20 people simultaneously working on the plane, checking and loading with pressurized gases, fuel (ethanol, I think) and oxidizer (LOX). I doubt Dragon will have turnaround in minutes. But in days, under a week - I think it's quite possible, as a routine operation. Indirectly, as you have to launch another spacecraft for the same number of people to get to orbit. That used to be the case, but changes slowly now. Enough less powerful states may understand common needs and unite to combat the stronger region, both economically and militarily. Could be an article about the state of education in the country :) . But at least caches are often transparent to software, thus don't affect software as much. J manuals (J for C, I think) mention that in J array is a central object, so when you have primitive operations you have more of them, because an array allows you to do more things than a scalar. There is a set of more frequently used operations, and there are others, which provide convenient shortcuts in some cases or are useful in some relatively narrow areas. Basic operations with arrays are: {. - take the first item, {: - take the last item, }. - take everything except the first item, }: - take everything except the last item. Then there is "generalized" sorting operation /: - ascending and \: - descending, array reversal |. , you can take unique elements of array with ~. , subtract one array from another with -: and apply dyadic operation between elements of an array with / - for example, +/ 1 2 3 makes 6. You can append arrays with , - for example, 1 2 , 3 4 makes 1 2 3 4. You can "zip" arrays with ,. - 1 2 3 ,. 4 5 6 makes array of pairs 1 4, 2 5 and 3 6. Then you also have several built-in ways to partition array - using first or last element of array as separator with ;. , making prefixes or suffixes of increasing length with \ or \. , you can group elements of one array by elements of another using /. - for example, 1 1 2 3 3 4 /. 'abcdef' will produce groups ab, c, de, f . Then there is ability to combine array items with weights using #. - like, 2 hours 3 minutes and 4 seconds total 24 60 60 #. 2 3 4 -> 7384 seconds - and do that backwards with #: , get array length or filter array elements with # , get cartesian product with { ... and that's about it. Pretty powerful, well thought-out set of highly orthogonal operations. Add scalar operations - where complex numbers and arbitrary precision are built-in - and you have a good base for a universal language. >I can't think of a single technology over 20 years old where the first mover is still the leader. Russian rockets, to an extent. Big(gest) share of world launches, hardware inheritance from world first ICBM, first launched in 1957. You probably don't need to sell the equipment with the idea that it will be installed in homes? Why not to keep person's equipment in data centers? "- Can I use #define? - No!" I think teacher has some ideas here :) . Yes, this 500 lines statement is somewhat misleading. This program isn't written on Python, rather on a large specific library which does a lot of heavy lifting. It's better than nothing, though, to be able to look at an app dissected even to a few large blocks. Kudos. We have different definitions here. As poster above said, in the limit it's just "import minecraft". I'd then argue after e.g. Paul Graham in "On Lisp" that you're modifying language when you're adding new facilities - like functions - to it. That allows you to much easier solve your problem - in the language which you created for that, rather than in the original language. In this example a lot was done in the external library which was imported. The rest is a little bit of Python with crucial use of those facilities offered by imported library. So I'd say it's not Python - by much - which this program is written on. But that's just a definition - I find it useful to define it this way, but it's certainly not the only possibility. There is a lot of sense in it. First, most everybody has a JS engine handy, right in the browser of his choice. JS is reasonably standardized - the subset of it which is common between all browsers is pretty big. Then, JS is rather well known, since all web development has to include that - and that's a sizeable part of all development. Next, the language itself isn't that bad - you may write procedural, object-oriented or functional code relatively easy. Even better, the implementations are quite good lately, being forced to evolve under the pressure of demand. Can you name a language which would best JavaScript in all these points? Programming problems are diverse, and so are languages. It's similar to what we have in human languages - if you're talking deep specifics of medicine, it's quite different than if the matter discussed is car performance, even if both languages are based on English. I'd hesitate to point to Lisp, with its ability to be "programmable programming language". The modus operandi, explained by e.g. PG, is to create a domain-specific language and then solve the problem using that DSL. This way you can have a great variety of problems which are relatively accessible by such a language... Would like to know more alternatives to the topic. But you can always ask FBI to prove that their sources are legitimate. They say the sources are legitimate, but you say no, and it's their word versus your word, right? On an unrelated news, http://mayday.us campaign still has two days left. Let's replace "believe in machine" in 2014 with "believe in flying to the Moon" in 1961. Imagine how ridiculous flying to the Moon was to some individuals then. Imagine how they could write quite similar articles. Now, after men landed and returned and dust settled decades ago - how we're looking to those possible articles? May be they had some merit - may be, because it's hard to forecast what's going to happen. Who knows - may be we have a chance to cure cancer in three years, if we only look to the right place today, but we won't and the progress will takes much longer. Who knows - it may very well be possible that Kurzwell predictions won't come true. But that's besides the point. We don't know - and the article is written with suggestion that we actually won't, so the author does know that it won't happen. Just because the matter is so strange to him. That's an unreliable ground to build forecasts on. > For the maiden flight, the rocket will be matched with an Orion space capsule, and launched past low-Earth orbit. Although this will test the capability of the SLS to send a human crew into space, the mission will be entirely automated. This is something that was not possible during the Apollo or Space Shuttle programs. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Apollo_missions#Unmann... There were several - 4, I think - unmanned Apollo spacecraft flights in 60-s. > "The launch abort system (LAS) is a key reason that Orion is intended to become the safest spacecraft ever built. In an emergency it could activate to pull the crew module and the astronauts it will carry away from the launch pad and the rocket in milliseconds" NASA officials wrote on their Web site. A very strange statement. Safety systems like that are used since Mercury flights. And what kind of milliseconds are we talking here? Thousands? Hundreds? Even with 20g acceleration - pretty harsh by today's standard even for abort systems - in 0.1 second you're only going to get 1 meter away - not quite too far. Agree, they didn't go beyond LEO. However, at about the same time, Soviets launched several Zonds - which were stripped-down versions of Soyuz spacecrafts - to Moon fly-bys, in automatic mode. In 1988 USSR launched Buran - arguably a close technical sibling of the Space Shuttle - admittedly on LEO (would be really amusing to see a bird like that higher than on LEO), also unmanned. I wonder if that still allows to say "this is something that was not possible during Apollo/Shuttle programs". Regarding remote-controlled part. Do you think author stresses the differences and really mean that full automation vs. remote control? It's usually convenient to rely on some support from Earth for complex missions - doesn't make sense to make spacecraft fully autonomous - and I haven't heard Orion designers explicitly mentioning that self-sufficient approach. > Their deputy administrator Lori Garver "gets" Newspace. Unfortunately, Lori Garver left NASA. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lori_Garver > Anything measured in milliseconds rather than seconds at that point might save lives. Yes, but if you're talking about system reaction - the start of motion - rather than result - the safety distance - then it's nothing surprising here. These systems always worked in under 1 second time frame - don't know exact timing, but it's all electronics. At this point it becomes rather misleading about what is being said - this system claims a particularly fast reaction between first sensor detection and detecting raising temperature of the charge of solid rocket pulling the capsule away? Or something else? It's mentioned without specifying necessary details, so it can be understood differently - that's why it looks strange. > The space shuttle didn't have anything similar, nor does soyuz or anything else. Pad abort system is used on all Soyuz spacecrafts, which fly since 1960-s. Was even used in Soyuz-18 flight abort. Pad abort system was used for TKS flights - unmanned, but the spacecraft was built to carry people. Pad abort system is used for Shenzhen spacecraft flights. Those systems weren't used in Space Shuttle - but were used elsewhere. That means the claim "safest spacecraft ever built", considering that some relevant comparable spacecrafts are from outside the US, is lacking specification "in US". Which makes the statement look strange. This approach - giving your identity to prove you're going to pay for the item - seems overly careless in the age of privacy violations. Another system - where you can only give the proof, without the identity - would be better, but it's unclear at the moment how that could be reached. Besides, putting an item on the shelf in case you don't have enough cash has another nice feature - an opportunity to think twice if you really need that item in the first place. If you pay too easily, it's harder to save. Elbrus team worked on that architecture before collaboration with Sun - they can continue to improve it now. So it may have something new? I'd also expect a very detailed hardware specifications - open-hardware level of details. Hardware simulators level of details. After all they talk about transparency - so both hardware and software should be up for the scrutiny. This is something like a textual search engine - only queries are static in the form of article titles, and the answers are pre-computed. Ideally Wikipedia should have a system which would allow answering questions of this form - and trace results to original data. In other words, Wikipedia may have "kernel" articles and "derivative" articles, and be able to generate second from first, both as a compression and as a convenience. I think you're proving OP point. I'd prefer to be able to have motherboards suggestions based on requested features. Like, so many USB ports, SATA ports and this socket for AMD CPU. Agree. Decision to make engines multi-chambered had to take into account the overall situation existing at the moment. For example, when in 1954 Energomash was designing RD-107, it had to make a decision which would allow to make engine soon - and they couldn't make single-chamber engine for the thrust required. So they went for multi-chamber design, since they didn't have time to do it differently. In "Осуществление мечты" an engine professional, who worked in Energomash, mentioned that when Energomash was choosing 4-chamber design for RD-170, there were two groups of specialists defending different approaches. One group - which had experience with RD-107 (multi-chamber engine) and RD-270 (biggest one-chamber Energomash engine) - advocated single-chamber design. Another group - which had experience with RD-253 (single-chamber) and engines for Kosmos launcher - advocated multi-chamber design. The decision was influenced by having the instrumentation necessary to conduct testing of smaller chambers independently. > No-one remembers Sid Meier's flight sims. Don't say so :) . One of early books of Victor Pelevin describes "a problem" one avid player of F-19 had because he played too much. Some players still remember that F-19 had an interesting "unreal" bug, which allowed to fly without fuel arbitrarily long (and quite slow). Upside down. It was possible to start playing the first mission (say, Russian North) ranking as lieutenant and land the first time in the highest possible rank with all imaginable awards. F-19 was, in a sense, interesting enough to be remembered. Loopholes is when you find something unforeseen by the law. I vaguely remember the opposite problem - having different laws stating different things about the same situation. This might be a problem by laws. As for math, there is inconsistency robustness topic of research. It was well said "programming is one of the most complex branches of applied mathematics". I didn't check the exact quote :) . Pretty good! I've found that when you need to construct a perpendicular to a given straight line from a given point not on the line, you can build an equilateral triangle with one side on the given straight line and one of the ends of that side in an arbitrary (actually, given) point on the line, and then make a line through the third (not on the given line) corner of this triangle and the given point not on the given line. This may not always work - if the third corner of the triangle happen to be the same point as the given point. This suggests to me you may be don't properly consider all possible relations within objects being constructed. Are most of the jobs cut in Europe, not in Seattle area? Max article seems spot on. The blame is on Russian brand - which is hijacked by current Russia power structure, not on the Russian people per se, even though they share the responsibility for that kind of government. Cliches here, unfortunately, are rooted in realities - it's sad, but compare Russia with a failed state is probably not too much of an exaggeration. The fact that US has its own corruption does little justification to - much bigger, in my opinion - problems in Russia. I think saying "NATO is expanding" you mean that Ukrainian choice of signing agreements with EU left Russia no choice. From Ukrainian point of view, they are an independent country - which may, at different times, get into different unions with different partners. So, Russian (actually, Russian government) point of view that any Ukrainian motion towards EU signals a threat to Russia doesn't justify Russian hostilities, because Ukraine is an independent country. And when Russia in turn decided to protect its perceived interests, it went against that independence - and all things associated with that. > Everyone dressed as if they were ready to be interviewed at a moment’s notice. This is said with a sort of tone of accusation, but I can remember a lot of cases where being always reasonably well dressed was considered a good thing. May be here "ready to be interviewed" means "exceptionally polished extra-fresh look"? Then I understand - but it would be really interesting to see such people on every occasion in a college. I think you didn't get the story. I think the author is confused. > Writing cool code in obscure languages or rewriting industry-accepted libraries is great as a hackathon project or when you’re at Facebook-scale, but it’s dumb and dangerous otherwise. On the face value, this is quite agreeable. But what is "cool" code? What if someone just writes "a code" in an obscure language - because that language happens to be the best for the code? As for "industry-accepted libraries", those libraries can't be considered the word of almighty while everybody else agrees we have a crisis in the area of software engineering. On the other hand, > There’s a time and a place for innovative custom-written code that advances the edges of engineering and computer science. Again, well said - but what is "innovative"? Solving the same problem for the hundredth time - but doing it well while explaining why - can or cannot be innovative, depending on the definition. Yes, there is time and place for that - so should it be thrown away in a young startup just because it should concentrate its efforts elsewhere? The whole idea of the article is great - the code is written over and over, with small variations because of platforms, infinitisimal changes in requirements etc. Indeed, engineers first learn to produce linked lists, then taylor them for their particular problems - it's like an art of pottery, when the next customer has slightly different requirement because, say, his shelves have different width. But the blame seems to be put to the wrong place. Esoterrorism is at the end of http://codon.com/programming-with-nothing - nice FizzBuzz version... What is YARV? :) Today's bachelor program is the high school of yesteryear. Not optional anymore - and it's the complexity of life which makes you study till you're 22 - when some century ago in 16 you not only learned all you need to learn by studying, you'd already have some serious experience. Why now, in 2014, one with a B.S. makes about as much despite all that knowledge escapes me as well. Agree, it's hard to say when was the last time Boeing did something innovative - on the scale of SpaceX - in space technology. In 12 years SpaceX roughly managed to build two rockets and one space freighter cheaply - economical "first", to produce stages with e.g. high (comparing to industry standard) dry-to-wet-mass ratio, to produce a kerosene engine with, again, pretty high thrust-to-weight - and run a development program on vertical landing for the first stage. Don't see anything comparable to that from Boeing. > Are there any actual generic language parsing projects out there? Chalmers University has impressive results on this - http://www.grammaticalframework.org/ Warning: this site is known to have some annoying errors. http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0908934.html "The last-known Union widow, Gertrude Janeway, died in Jan. 2003 in Tennessee. John Janeway joined the Union army in 1864 and was briefly a POW at Andersonville. The couple married in 1927, after waiting three years until Gertrude turned 18. John was 81. The person thought to be the last-known Confederate widow, Alberta Martin, was born Dec, 4, 1906, and died at age 97 in Alabama on May 31, 2004. In 1927, at age 21, she married William Jasper Martin, then 81. Martin joined the Confederate army in May 1864. Upon her husband's death, she married his grandson from his first marriage." Looks like Western culture standards aren't cast in stone. Or made in heaven. Could you better support new space entrepreneurs? How do those third parties profit then? Calling Leslie Lamport a computer scientist as opposed to mathematician is to be not very familiar with the matters. I guess here we need to talk about different definitions of "mine". At least people tend to say "my house" and "my car" in many situations similar to this. It's surprising how naive can Nobel laureates be ;) . I wonder why the author is so caustic in regard to hydrogen peroxide. Here - http://yarchive.net/space/rocket/fuels/peroxide.html - second message mentions Clark's "Ignition!" facts, and in first Henry Spencer states: While there are some storage headaches -- the stuff decomposes slowly no matter what you do, so you must provide for tank venting -- otherwise peroxide is much easier and safer to handle. Its bad reputation is half outright myth and half the result of 1940s experience with seriously impure peroxide. To quote a friend, a rocket-propulsion professional, who investigated the matter as part of a study some years ago: "As far as we could find out, the stories about problems with peroxide were just that, stories... Peroxide, now, seems to only very rarely do anything exciting, at all. And, even then, it seems to never do many of the things attributed to it in the stories." Of course hydrogen peroxide can be dangerous - relatively recent explosion in Sweden (peroxidepropulsion.com) reminds us about that. At the same time significant volumes of it with more than 70% concentration are routinely used - so a chemist can calibrate the feeling. Yes, interesting. APL was meant to be used for teaching programming - with it's exceptional clarity (sic). Java took the place... J engine is claimed to not have memory leaks - that's from very early versions and being written in C. It's true that it could be hard to think about the problems "vectorally", but still - I agree, the comment sounds ridiculous. You owe to yourself to read the Iverson's Turing lecture, "Notation as a tool of thought". You can find it. Apparently APL family can claim relationship to math notation - which is not a small claim. Lisp family does it too - in different way. One reason for one-character names is the habit of these languages to sidestep naming problem. Naming things is one of the hardest problems in software. APL programs are ideally read as "variable X is ...", not "do this, then this, then this" - so appropriate names of variables could be something like "max of reduce by difference..." - hence the hardness of coming with good names. Another reason is the same as in math. When you write equations on a whiteboard - the long-sought golden standard of expressiveness - you don't use long names - at best you encode names with subscripts, indexes etc. But names themselves are usually pretty short. APL languages use the same rationale. Just like you need to read carefully every line of a math equation to understand what's going on, you have to read carefully each symbol of programs in APL family languages. It's unusual for programmers who got used to more help along the line - but the vocabulary of all such languages is quite short and doesn't extend that often. Another reason why APL could be used for teaching math. I don't agree that this style of naming is not good for anything. Somehow majority of programmers in these languages agree with that. Regarding much more useful things - "If you are interested in programming solutions to challenging data processing problems, then the time you invest in learning J will be well spent." ( http://jsoftware.com/ ) I think the opposite :) - marketing of R is light years ahead. Language is very obscure, but so good that from time to time you're going to hear wonderful stories from new enlightened. And with the rise of parallel programming we're going to actually switch more to more vector way of describing and solving problems. Just like Lisp ideas are spreading everywhere in modern languages, APL ideas are also fruitful. That's certainly good - we should learn languages which are different enough to justify learning. Your code in whatever language you work will benefit from that rethinking.