> I aced the programming classes All grad schools care about is how well you did in that particular subject (or maybe a related subject, like math). You could easily ace your programming and math classes, bomb everything else, end up with a 2.0, and get into grad school. This isn't particularly surprising. Exactly. I couldn't figure out what was so remarkable about this page until I read the comments here. This is how every professor/post-doc/grad-student's page looks like if they don't use a university template. ooohhhhhh....I had been eating more . Yes, technically, "global warming" refers to modern, human-induced climate change. But outside of paleontological circles, they are the same thing. There's certainly no need to be criticizing people for that usage, since there's no possibility of confusion; we're always talking about modern climate change. So there is allegedly climate change due to carbon dioxide without increasing global temperatures? I've never heard this. What is the mechanism, and what is the evidence? This managed to nail all the BS pseudo physics that drives physicists crazy to hear repeated. I don't understand your first paragraph. Shouldn't the cosmic ray flux through each bit be the same for each bit, and unchanged as you increase the total amount of memory? If I'm a given bit, should having a second stick of RAM 10 inches away affect whether I flip during a given time period? Oh, OK. I guess then I wouldn't say that upsets/bit/hour is an incorrect unit. (It's clearly what you want to know to calculate the chance of error for a given piece of RAM.) It's just that this parameter varies across time and manufacturers. Using the value from a particular model of RAM manufactured in 1988 is sure to lead to wrong conclusions. Thanks. Apparently, 63% of US adults live in households with broadband. Considering the number people who avoid or can't use the internet (i.e. older folks) this seems like remarkable penetration to me. PDF: http://www.pewinternet.org/~/media/Files/Reports/2009/Home-B... A similar barrier exists for many people with simple math. As a tutor, it's incredibly frustrating when I introduce a simple algebra expression (plus, minus, maybe even multiplication) and a grown person shrieks "No, I don't understand math. I just don't get it" without even spending a moment to see if they can understand. If the collateral is human capital (not a house or car), why don't they offer loans where you pay back a percentage of your future income, rather than a fixed amount? This seems like it would automatically smooth over the worst of the variance resulting in default. Assuming they're continuing to fight insurgents (i.e. not fighting another superpower) I think the technological distance between the US and its enemies is a lot more than 5 years. Care to make a LongBet? Is there anything beside intuition that makes you think this would help anything? It seems plausible to me too, but I have zero evidence that it would help anyone's eyes. marshallp wasn't criticizing him. On the contrary, he was just pointing out that Buffet's actions are morally consistent. "And a huge chunk of the population (over 30 percent) never go online at all—less because they're retired and not interested; more often because they can't afford the prices." From the survey, the main reasons given for no internet use at any location are... Don't Need/Not Interested: 47.2% No Computer or Computer Inadequate: 22.3% Too Expensive: 18.6% Lack of Skill: 4.3% Can Use Somewhere Else: 1.4% Other: 5.5% To me, it looks like more people don't go online because they aren't interested (47.2%) than because they can't afford it (22.3%+18.6% = 40.9%). Of Americans without internet access (31.3% of the population) only 18.6% go without because of the cost of access. That's just 5.8% of population who can't afford access, which seems like a very small fraction to me. Now, slightly more of those without access attribute it to a lack of a computer, but this isn't something that can be fixed through the market for internet access. Why is this on HN? Huh? The idea would be that, for a percentage-of-your-income loan, poorer people would pay back less and richer people would pay back more (compared to a standard loan). Well, I think the smokers are angry because the gov't in some places has stepped in and made it illegal to smoke at any bar. That's quite different than a coffee shops deciding to not allow laptops in their particular store. I think the author means it doesn't discriminate between misbehaving/loitering youth (a small fraction, which the stores are trying to drive away) and all other youth. Besides considering (1) the current-tax-rate vs. retirement-tax-rate and (2) tax rates are likely to increase, the other major thing to keep in mind is (3) that the government may decide to tax Roth IRA distributions in the future (even though it says it won't now). Think it won't happen? Social security benefits weren't taxed until 1984. EDIT: Also, if you're currently raising a family and/or paying for kids' college, it's very plausible and reasonable that you'll be in a lower tax bracket when you retire. The blog post could have been expressed in about 5 sentences. Interesting, nonetheless. This idea is really more of a tautology. It takes of-order 10 years time to become an expert at something because this is of-order a human lifetime. There is no objective "Expert" level. "Experts" are just the people who have spent the most time at something (modulo effort and intrinsic skill). Since (1) you can't spend much more than 50 years on something and (2) there are always diminishing returns for time invested, 10 years will get you 90% of the maximum possible skill at almost any pursuit. The exceptions are, of course, those areas where there are aren't strong diminishing returns (rare...maybe memorization?) or where there is a ceiling on skill (e.g. tic-tac-toe). In those cases, expertise comes with more and less time, respectively. People don't want Wikipedia to be dump for all possible information. What about the one I wrote in my basement? I also don't get the joke. Care to explain? That's quite a liberal definition of "need". "Today, numerous modern studies show that in randomized trials, meticulous hand-washing, when coupled with other infection control measures like surgical draping and universal gloving, reduce the rate of life-threatening infections during surgery and intensive care unit stays. But in hospitals, outside of these clinical trials, just half of doctors and nurses regularly clean their hands before patient care, despite widespread publicity." This is a silly comparison. During surgery (when people are literally split open) and in ICUs (when their body is profoundly damaged), the human body is unnaturally and incredibly sensitive to infection. If you've ever witnessed a surgery, you'd know that surgeons are insanely, mind-bogglingly obsessive-compulsive about washing their hands and keeping a sterile operating room. But 99% of people in the hospital or doctor's offices are not so compromised, so it's not surprising that doctors and nurses aren't religious about hand washing "before patient care". I assume you mean the checklist article that dmlorenzetti found, which I've read. That article is about people in the ICU--not merely outside the OR--where it is indeed paramount to take all measures possible to reduce the risk of infection. If checklists are effective in reducing mortality in the ICU, then great; doctors and nurses should be insistently prodded to use them. But this shouldn't be confused with a mandate to go hand-washing crazy for all hospitals and doctor's offices. ICU patients make up a tiny percentage of all patients. (As an aside, I am a bit skeptical of these pieces written in the popular press by experts in a certain field which criticize their colleagues. Sometimes, it's a case where the field really has settled into a bad equilibrium, and the contrarian must go outside the fold to right the situation. But often, it's simply an outlet for the contrarian to preach to an audience which doesn't have the expertise and experience to assess his claims.) Is there someway to interpret this other than the Professor is a arrogant a-hole? What's interesting about this? This was a real surprise to me too. Here's some discussion I found: http://www.onedayoneinternship.com/blog/are-unpaid-internshi... I figured that if you were getting paid nothing while working on something profitable for a company, it was assumed you were being compensated with experience. But apparently, all the company can do is train you while deriving zero benefit from your training. This seems like a stupid law. But the idea behind minimum wage (as I understand it) is to ensure a living wage to people who are supporting themselves with the job. If you aren't getting paid anything, then you clearly aren't supporting yourself with the job; you're investing in yourself, just like going to school. That's why I assumed it would be legal to pay people zero but illegal to pay people less than minimum wage. It's not just a lack of demand for PI's, it's a strong demand for lab monkeys aka grad students, like yours truly. So long as (1) most research labs require many grad-student-level-trained hands for every professor-level-trained supervisor and (2) grad students continue to be deluded about their chance of securing a tenured position in the future, the situation will continue. I was a physics undergrad at a very hardcore school, and I can tell you that I wasn't even remotely close to being able to do physics research upon graduation. Even after taking two years of full-time grad classes, I considered myself (and my fellow student) somewhat unprepared to choose a research field, much less do independent research. Part of this stems from the fact that US undergrad degrees are much broader than in Europe. My understanding is that European undergrads specialize in a topic day one, whereas US undergrads take at most half of their college classes in their major. "Despite the widespread and increasing availability of sexually explicit materials, according to national FBI Department of Justice statistics, the incidence of rape declined markedly from 1975 to 1995. This was particularly seen in the age categories 20–24 and 25–34, the people most likely to use the Internet." The article is filled with statements like this without telling us if researchers controlled for any of the infinite possible confounding factors. This may be just a bad article, and the research may actually support the hypothesis of a causal link (perhaps even through a controlled experiment, rather than a statistical survey). But as it is, there's really no strong evidence at all in this article. Unless someone writes a more competent article, one would need to go read the actual studies. EDIT: Wait, they are giving the internet credit for reducing rape between 1975 and 1995? The first graphical web browser, Mosaic, wasn't developed until 1992. OK, this article is total baloney. "Need a prescription for muscle relaxers, an anti-fungal cream, or a steroid inhaler for temporary lung trouble? In the U.S. you have to fight to get on the appointment schedule of a doctor within your health insurance network ... then have him or her scrawl something unintelligible on a slip of paper, which you take to a drugstore to exchange for your medicine. ...In France, by contrast, you walk to the corner pharmacist, get either a prescription or over-the-counter medication right away, shell out a dozen or so euros, and you’re done." Unless I'm confused, this is conflating two issues. Requiring patients to have a full doctor's visit in order to get a prescription for simple but non-OTC medicines is logically distinct from single-payer/non-single-payer. If you require more visits, you will of course spend more money. In my experience (physics graduate student), American students and European students do not differ significantly based on work ethic, planning, or organization. Certainly, the variance within each group in those categories is much larger than the difference between those groups. The significant difference was that Europeans had completed more math and physics course before they had to choose an advisor and commit to a research topic. First, Playboy and other print pornography were available long before VHS and Betamax. Is the claim that video pornography is the key product which reduced sexual violence? Second, what fraction of young men regularly viewed pornography on videotape from 1975-1990? It has to be much, much lower than the (near-ubiquitous) viewing of online pornography today. (Then again, maybe those most at risk to commit sexual violence were much more likely to purchase pornography on video.) That is definitely an interesting point, although I assume it was taken into account when companies and the government did their comparison with hydroelectric storage. Larger caverns should reduce the amount of energy lost due to heat. Is there a way to find the text you need to append after the # symbol (#xss) to get to a particular section without looking at the page source or using the TOC links? Would you say that the only way to be entitled to RSVPs is for the host to mail a physical invitation? What if I want to throw a small dinner party (say, 8-12) but I don't decide until the 3 days before, so that snail mail isn't an option but RSVPing by email is easy. Huh. See, I don't like it when other people invite me by calling because it puts me on the spot (and no, it's not because I'm deluded with so very many invitations...). I hate trying to remember if I have any conflicts and I hate trying to come up with a polite excuse if I don't feel like going. He's referring to the consumer tech market place. When's the last time a German company launched a piece of consumer hardware that had worldwide market share? EyeTV does not have large market share, in the sense that it does not compete on the scales of the ipad (which is what we're discussing). I'm not bad mouthing German companies or products. I drive a VW. T-Mobile is great example, thanks. What do "Web" and "Sites" mean? I assume one tells us whether China is blocking Google search results. __New_Game_Menu__ How many to tango? (1) brolo (2) bromance Thanks. Here is the standard framing of the print-to-online journalism problem: newspapers can no longer make enough money because (1) users won't pay for online subscriptions and (2) online advertising cannot make up for the lost print-subscription revenue. Thus, giving away content for free is not sustainable. (This argument is repeated everywhere.) But haven't newspapers always subsisted on advertising? My understanding is that, historically, the print subscription price didn't even cover the cost of printing. So isn't true that the problem has nothing to do with giving away content and everything to do with the value of online ads vs. print ads? I have never gotten a good answer to this question. Could someone help? I'm not very moved by this action either; this type of "moral stand" usually just serves to make the doer feel righteous rather than actually helping anyone. But, as an American, I really can't understand why you would say "For the most part, I feel more safe and free in Shanghai than the U.S." By "safe", are you just talking about physical security from crime? If so, I don't know why crime rate is very pertinent to the discussion. (...or did you mean safe from the government?) And how could you feel more free? I'm no expert, but I've never heard anyone say that people are more free in China, civil-rights-wise. "For the most part, Chinese people I meet from all walks of life and age groups feel more free than they did 10 years ago." I don't think many people would disagree that China is more free now than 10 years ago. But that doesn't mean it is sufficiently free (or as free as the US). 1. I think the issue of physical safety is disjoint from this discussion. 2. I'd rather deal with open-container laws and be able to vote. No. Causality can only propagate at the speed of light, with or without quantum mechanics. Can someone explain why I'd ever want to write code on something without a keyboard when I could get a net book for so cheap? I'm baffled. There are a million great uses for the iPad form factor, but coding isn't one of them. Your analogy is correct inasmuch as the urchins cannot communicate for the same reason the Alice and Bob, each with one particle of an entangle pair, cannot communicate. But it can be shown by very clever experiments that the future statistical observations of Alice and Bob cannot be explained by assuming each had a particle with properties fixed when the two parted ways. Entanglement is very subtle. Does the author think that advertisers and web designers are idiots? If the websites could increase click-through rates just by decreasing ad density, why wouldn't they? I'd sacrifice increased counterfeiting if it meant we could get rid of all those colors. For the longest time, the US had currency that was truly unique looking compared to the rest of the world. Now, it's beginning to look like every other foreign currency: rainbow colors, large and detailed faces, and asymmetric denomination marks. Yes, I understand that I would pay for it. I don't think the size has changed. If it did, it would bother me a lot less (aesthetically) than the departure from green. The large majority of Americans are Christian, and any even larger percentage believe in some sort of God. Do you really think a major hang-up preventing a separation of Church and State is the phrase on the money? This phrase is an indicator , not a contributing factor. I think he means necessary to deliver the appropriate entertainment, not necessary in the True-Grit sense. What ever happened with that company with the proprietary video codecs that Google bought? There were rumors that Google was going to adapt it and release it as a better open standard than HTML5 That only explains why companies want to limit the ability of customers to resell their product, not why companies should be allowed to do this. The reason people can get away with Copenhagen is that decoherence is absurdly effective in all realistic cases, causing there to very little uncertainty about whether and when a measurement happened. Insofar as we can all agree when a measurement happened, physicists operating under Copenhagen are going to be just as effective as those who understand MWI. And for most of the theoretical and especially computational aspects of quantum computers, this is the case. The only place where someone operating under the Copenhagen interpretation is going to falter is when they have to think hard and in novel ways about how to prevent decoherence. So I really don't think interpretation is going to be correlated with advances in the computational aspects (i.e., what kind of problems are quantum computers good for once they are built, etc.) but I would predict that future insights in how to build computers which are robust against decoherence will be dominates by those who understand MWI. It's not so much that MWI is all that satisfying, it's that Copenhagen is incoherent. I consider my athletic experience in college (on a varsity team which definitely did not make money or prestige for the school) to be one of the best and most educational parts of college. Do your really think there are many programs which lose money and are doing harm to the students or the university? I see basically two types of programs: a handful which exist solely to drive money and prestige to the university (big-time football, basketball, etc.) without regard to the tiny number of students participating, and the vast majority which are mostly focused on their primary purpose, providing a great experience for the athletes themselves. I don't see many programs which are sucking a bunch of money away from research for nothing. As others have stated, this argument could be applied to any university activity. Also, it could applied to high school. The universities are making the decision to encourage sports participation because they understand its value in education. Agreed that a second source is sorely needed. FYI: you can always access WSJ (and most other news articles) by doing a google search of " site:wsj.com". News sites aren't allowed to show article text to the Google crawler without allowing the user to access the article. The problems with browsers compared to web apps are well described by the OP, but I just don't understand the author's solution. Have everyone do their own thing? Make me download an app for every website I visit? This seems like the worst possible outcome: > Why do all browsers have to support the same standards? This only limits their innovation, and limits web developers. Shouldn't the solution instead be a new, more powerful standard? (Ignoring how pie-in-the-sky this is.) As in, not band-aids like AJAX and Flash, but a from-the-ground-up standard? After all, 99% of iPad apps have the same basic capabilities; there's no reason you couldn't have a standard which replaces HTML which could fully cover those apps. Then, if you have a need for a really specialized service, you can create a dedicated app. Grooveshark is great (though it occasionally is missing music). But it's only a matter of time before it is shut down. I'm honestly curious as to how they are allowed to do this. You contracted with lala.com for a service, and companies don't get to ignore the contracts they've made with their customers just because they are bought by other companies. Couldn't you demand your money back? Or, in principle, sue them? This is the very first thing I noticed in Avatar: >Its image is noticeably darker than standard 2-D. People kept trying to make flying machines without success for a long time too... Oh, I haven't seen any movie that makes 3D worthwhile. It's just that the argument "people tried it before and failed" is not even a little convincing. Going out of business is different than just saying "we won't honor the purchase you made anymore". That is incredible. Why would anyone pay money for that? I am still a bit skeptical that this would hold up in court. There are laws about what you can hide in the fine print, and often judges will hold the transaction to be for things that that a reasonable person would expect, not what is stated in the contract. My anecdotal evidence from a surgeon in the family is that the medical dictation is still very bad. His practice of 4 doctors spent a bunch of money on Dragon, fought with it for a month, and then went back to old-fashioned human dictation. I'm still looking for words for describing how StackOverflow is so much better than it's competitors. I think it's more than just ill-will for Experts Exchange (though that's undoubtedly a factor). StackOverflow is built right . It runs smooth and the barrier to joining is damn near as low as possible. But what else gives it that extra something? I agree, but the prevalence of FB on the HN front page is a little suspect. There have been at least 10 negative FB posts on HN in the past couple days. I think someone's got an axe to grind... Specifically, I think it's the use of the words "tool", "resource", "solution", "service", etc, as a synonym for "thing". Above the urinal where I work, there's a flyer for VPP. The first sentence is "What is VPP? It's a tool for improving lab safety". From this you might think VPP is a physical thing you hold in your hand, but no. By "tool" they really mean a managerial protocol/technique. By the way, programmers, you aren't much better. Think how frickin' generic the word "developer" is. Yikes, fellas. I wasn't trying to accuse anyone of a conspiracy. I just meant that current wave of negative FB stories in the past week seems out of proportion to the degree to which they have changed anything (privacy-related or otherwise) during that time period. The FB-bashing has become fashionable. Thanks, that is all I meant. People should just take this current wave of FB stories with a grain of salt. This trajectory has been going for perhaps a few decades, but human embarrassment is thousands of years old. So you can't just say "Oh, old people always think young people are too risque. Get over it." There is some structure to the current trend, and it seems worthwhile to try to explain it (though the OP fails, IMO). Now, that doesn't mean that the threshold for human embarrassment has been static since before the industrial revolution; looking at history, it has certainly varied dramatically across time and space. It's probably not random, so tracing it's cause would be interesting. Further, I don't think many people are going to go to the extreme relativist standpoint and say that all thresholds for embarrassment are equally (un-)valuable. It's not hard to make arguments for why it's a good thing people are too embarrassed to have sex in public (though I'm sure there are a few extreme bullet-biters). So then the question is, can you defend what you think is an optimal threshold for embarrassment, whether or not it coincides with the current threshold? The OP doesn't seem to be able to defend his, but that doesn't mean it shouldn't/can't be done. This is my anecdotal experience as well. It would be great to see a distribution of activity level for facebookers, and how much high-activity facebookers tend to associate with each other. My guess is that the low activity level of older generations is better explained by their unfamiliarity with computers than a lower threshold for embarrassment. But you don't need to be constantly updating DRM to meet this level of difficulty. For a reason related to, but not the same as, the reason sexual modesty evolved (which only exists in social species): because sex is a method to emotionally bond two people together in a way which is pretty much impossible to do otherwise because of the way humans are hardwired. This aspect of sex would be seriously diminished if it was routinely done in public because the participants would have their "social guard" up (that is, they would necessarily be concerned with signaling to others in their group/tribe). EDIT: Also, I should point out that your sexual modesty is more strongly determined by your genes than your upbringing. Sexual modesty is universal across human culture, even among people who have been raised in bizarre cults which tried to eliminate such modesty. I said that sexual modesty is crucial to forming human partnerships and I said specifically that its moral worth is distinct from its evolutionary origin. Do I also need to justify why human partnerships are good? Bowman is more describing why he doesn't like working there; he really doesn't make a claim that Google is making poor design choices from a business standpoint. He criticizes the use of data (aka, you know, evidence ) as a crutch without giving a single example, theoretical or otherwise, of how reliance on data rather than the gut instinct of a good designer leads to a bad outcome. > ...for example, a method that involved electron quantum holography was able to store 35 bits per electron... Um, given that this stuff is being stored roughly at room temperature, that's impossible (or misstated). Intuition/experience is important when there is some aspect of reality that is hard to measure. Insofar as the data tracks your target, intuition is unnecessary. That's why I would want an example in which data was failing. For instance, a fast food chain might take some data and find that they can decrease the quality of their ingredients without immediately loosing customers because people have habits and don't really notice right away (and because consumers will chalk up a few bad experiences to variance at a place they know well). But, over time, the chain develops a reputation for lower-quality food, and customers slowly leave. The problem with this example is that the data can easily measure long-term effects, especially the subtle damage to reputation. This is a case where intuition may be needed to override data. But where's the similar example with Google? First, there is an issue if an organization like a school or workplace wants to prevent the viewing of pornography. If wikipedia hosts pornography, it risks being blocked in places where it belongs. Second, there is the question of child pornography, which has been alleged. Third, your belief that "As long as adults respond appropriately to the potentially misleading information that porn has exposed kids to, any harms that is done is prevented" is not universally shared, so it isn't surprising that some people will feel differently. For all of these issues, one needs to ask oneself if the benefit from hosting a certain image is worth the drawbacks. Some images simply have no academic value. Necessary is not the same as having academic value. I think depictions of Muhammad have significant academic value. Your point is a good one, though. I'd have to think about this more to come up with a good general principle. (I just don't think that principle is "allow all possible data to be stored on wikipedia/wikicommons".) "Most crimes are committed by the sane" does not imply "Suffers from Schizophrenia are no more dangerous than anyone else". > Users: Consider this. If an app needs an exit button because the back button doesn't properly manage resource use, what do you think the chances are that this exit button will be implemented properly? Um, I don't think we can solve the problem of users desiring an unambiguous "exit" button by telling them on developer's blog that this is a bad desire. Might as well tell my mom she doesn't need really need a "save" button when she's writing long emails online because they are auto-saved. It's not going to work because (understandably) she finds the "save" button very reassuring since she really doesn't know how computer work. It's a weird situation. You're not legally liable for the debt incurred by the thief even if you don't bother to prove anything (although they will still hassle you by phone), but your credit is destroyed. This isn't an existential risk. Importance-wise, delays in the singularity are trivial compared to a risk of it not happening at all. So suppose we are worried that a die-off in industrial nations will actually make it impossible. Isn't this risk (that there is a major catastrophic disaster for industrialized nations and this disaster prevents a singularity from ever taking place) much smaller than the risk that the singularity goes badly when it happens? If so, then this supports the spirit of my original comment: worrying about the singularity going well is more pressing than worrying about major shocks to civilization which do not completely wipe out humanity. The badness of a delayed singularity is insignificant to the badness of it never happening. So let's consider the latter. Isn't the risk that a large industrial collapse happens and it prevents a singularity from ever taking place much smaller than the risk that the singularity goes badly? If so, then this agrees with the spirit of my comment: worrying about the singularity going well is much more pressing than worrying about catastrophes that do not immediately wipe out humanity. No, Drexler doesn't think it's nonsense. He just thinks that it will be unnecessary to make replicators for the manufacturing purposes he has in mind. He says >In particular, it turns out that developing manufacturing systems that use tiny, self-replicating machines would be needlessly inefficient and complicated. The simpler, more efficient, and more obviously safe approach is to make nanoscale tools and put them together in factories big enough to make what you want. (note that he explicitly acknowledges the safety risk) and >The popular version of the grey-goo idea seems to be that nanotechnology is dangerous because it means building tiny self-replicating robots that could accidentally run away, multiply and eat the world. But there’s no need to build anything remotely resembling a runaway replicator, which would be a pointless and difficult engineering task. I worry instead about simpler, more dangerous things that powerful groups might build deliberately - products like cheap, abundant, high-performance weapons with a billion processors in the guidance systems. This does nothing to diminish the risk of replicators if they are, in fact, created. And there are all sort of possible problems where replicators would be essential. For example, we may want to release replicators into the environment to clean up certain kinds of pollution which can't be easily brought to a central facility. First, you say building replicator is pointless without giving an argument. This is clearly wrong. I have already given you one example of the use of creating replicators, and here's another: weapons. Second, you say it is difficult with many failure modes. So was going to the moon. How can you possibly think it's so difficult that it will never get done? In a thousand years? Third, you cite Drexler to claim that we underestimate the difficulty. (Who underestimates it? Me? The irrational people who Drexler is afraid will take away his funding, or the handful of academics who seriously consider the issue?) The argument for extreme caution does not rely on it being easy to build run-away replicators, only that it is reasonably possible and that the results are catastrophic. Can you really argue with 99% certainty against the feasibility of future technologies without any sort of restriction based on physical law? Fourth, you say you are aware of the wheel argument...so...what is your reponse? Should we also consider the laser argument? The computer argument? The space-ship argument? Or the argument from any of the nearly countless things that humanity has created in the past 40 years that never existed in the previous 4,000,000,000 that life was around? You would encounter less frustration if you engaged others' arguments rather than dismissing them out of hand. That doesn't mean you have to argue with every crank on the internet, but there's not much point in writing a comment which declares an argument wrong without giving an explanation for why. I'd very much like to hear what you have to say, because even when I've discussed this with academics who work in nanotech (though I've never spoken to anyone working directly on replicators), I've never heard a better argument than "it's really, really hard". No, but I would guess this hybrid drive isn't 50% better than a regular old 500GB hard drive even though it's 150% the price. Value-wise, HDD > HDD-SSD > SSD. Why use the euphemism "I think it is interesting" instead of just saying that you think it's hypocritical? People aren't against stem-cell research because they think it's playing god, they are against it because they think that embryos have the moral worth of adults. Perhaps you are thinking about the arguments against cloning? Incidently, stem-cell research has high potential but is also highly speculative. Similarly, gene therapy (using viruses to deliver gene fixes into the body of cells) was and is considered to have enormous potential with very similar hype to stem-cells. But after 35 years and billions of dollars of work, the the actual number of people who have been helped is very small. Not that it's a big deal, but in my opinion it's more polite to criticize someone directly than obliquely. I'd still very much like to hear what you have to say! Not having a central approval process doesn't have to mean that the marketplace is unnavigable like the Android app store. From what I can tell, man-traps are only illegal in the US if they use deadly force. Got-rich-quick stories aren't bad because you'd be unhappy to be wealthy by getting lucky off of a silly idea, they're bad because most people just aren't going to be lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time. Instead, most people have to work hard doing things like learning Clojure or improving their writing skills in order to produce a product that society really wants. More like, come up with a great web-interface to allow a single, one-time idea from an individual user (which otherwise would have been heard only by him and his friends) to be made available to the entire internet. Like gjm, I'd also like to know what makes you think this. This is really not the best way to think about this problem. The issue is not that it's necessarily bad to test many hypotheses, it's that testing more hypotheses requires more data. For instance OP says >Instead of using a thesaurus to generate 10 ad variants, decide what pain-points or language you think will grab potential customers and test that theory specifically. In other words, he says test one hypothesis rather than ten. But there's nothing wrong with testing ten variants so long as you have enough data to ensure that the chance that any of the variants produce a false positive because of statistical fluctuation is small. Given a fixed, finite amount of data, you can do some pretty simple statistics to find out exactly how many hypothesis you can test at a given confidence level. I understand that regions in Pakistan have offered refuge for the Taliban. What I don't understand is how one could be confident that this has been essential to the survival of the Taliban. I've only skimmed the FT article, but isn't the simplest explanation that Norway was a westernized, relatively rich democracy unlike the other examples such as Saudi Arabia and Venezuela? Yes, Norway wasn't as rich in 1968 is it is now, but the relative disparity between Norway and the outside countries which wanted to exploit the oil wasn't nearly as great as the other examples. MW says that the singular usage is standard now: >USAGE. "Data" leads a life of its own quite independent of datum, of which it was originally the plural. It occurs in two constructions: as a plural noun (like earnings), taking a plural verb and plural modifiers (as these, many, a few) but not cardinal numbers, and serving as a referent for plural pronouns; and as an abstract mass noun (like information), taking a singular verb and singular modifiers (as this, much, little), and being referred to by a singular pronoun. Both constructions are standard. The plural construction is more common in print, perhaps because the house style of some publishers mandates it. There's not really an important distinction between seeking a theory in data which already exists and choosing a theory and then collecting data except that the later generally implies a large amount of data per hypothesis. In particular, there's nothing wrong with the OP's example of picking 10 variants of an ad (i.e, testing 10 hypotheses) and finding out which one is better so long as you have enough data. It's really a matter of sample size. To save space, you were supposed to use the "l" (lower-case "L"). I'm sure there's a good article about it, but all google found on a first try was this metafilter thread: http://ask.metafilter.com/46743/Royal-typewriter-missing-key... Again, I just don't understand what the evidence is for the claim that Pakistan was key, vs. there being sub-optimal substitute hide-aways in Afghanistan. In other words, just because I drive a Honda to work doesn't mean that if Honda went out of business I wouldn't be able to get to work. I'd just buy a different (perhaps less reliable) car. While it would be very surprising if the Higgs turned out to be a boring, Standard-Model Higgs, there are very good reasons to believe that something Higgs-like has to happen at the multi-TeV scale. Basically, without a Higgs the Standard Model yields non-physical predictions (e.g. probabilities for certain processes exceed unity). In other words, the Standard Model isn't even consistent above a TeV or so without the Higgs. Something has to give. Edit: to make contact with your example, everyone knew that if you didn't find evidence for the ether, than the model of electromagnetism was very wrong. In fact, that was great justification for carrying out Michelson-Morely type experiments. If that's metaphysics, then every famous physicist--Newton to Einstein to Feynmann--has been a strong believer in the power of metaphysics. Well, then this just basically becomes a philosophical argument about the justification for empiricism/inductive-reasoning. Can we axiomatically prove that just because the sun has risen in the morning for the last 10,000 mornings that it will do so tomorrow? No. Neither can be sure that just because every single major advance in physics has come because of simplification/beauty that the next one will come the same way. But you'd be a fool to bet otherwise. At the time, no one (not even Einstein) thought the precession of Mercury had anything to do with the lack of experimental detection of the Ether. Einstein figured out special relativity, solving the Ether problem, almost a decade before doing general relativity and thereby solving the precession or Mercury. I do think your statement is the philosophical equivalent of 'we can't be sure the sun will rise tomorrow', except that it differs by degree . (The sun has risen thousands of times in my personal experience, and bazillions of times in the experience of humans, while only a handful of fundamental physics discoveries have been made.) In either case, it's a question of justifying the claim that "In situations of type A, X has always been true in the past. Therefore, in situations of type A in the future, X will be true". Likewise your simple statement that "the current zoo of particles may well all be fundamental, with no 'simpler' theory underlying them." is analogous to "the sun will collapse into a black hole tomorrow". Again, just a difference of degree. [I should stress here that the justification for empiricism is an age-old philosophical problem which isn't easy to understand, much less solve. However, I think that a proper understanding of the history of physics gives very convincing (though maybe not the-sun-will-rise convincing) evidence that simplicity and beauty will be found at the bottom of the particle zoo.] I don't understand what the true statement >If there really is to be a scientific breakthrough of the magnitude of a Newton, it seems likely (almost by definition) that it will be from an unexpected avenue of thought - seeing that the expected ones have been well researched and haven't been all that productive. has to do with our current discussion. Lastly, (basically) no career particle physicist think that any Nobel prizes will be awarded for a unifying theory in their lifetime. (See, for instance, http://www.math.columbia.edu/~woit/wordpress/?p=2998 ). Perhaps, if we're lucky, there will be a somewhat simplifying theory (which gets a Nobel prize) but that certainly couldn't come from the dominant research avenue, string theory. I think then your claim is that the true risk and the perception of risk are very different, not that default is necessarily likely (i.e. > 50%). If you were really confident that default was likely within 20 years, you could make an awful lot of money shorting T-bonds (or something). > The only thing I miss about installations, as a developer, is the ability to drop an icon on the desktop. The thing I love about web apps is not having to worry about an installation dialog where I must be on the lookout for the program trying to place icons on my desktop, start menu, or elsewhere. But then left/right would be banking. I see "F" not as censorship but as just a less intense version of "fuck", a la "fudge", "heck", "darn", "frickin'". This could really use some explanation. He says, as I've heard, that those body fat scales are wildly inaccurate. But it looks like the variance is less than a percentage point, which seems really good to me. I guess it's more of an issue of a constant error? EDIT: Yea, I guess it is probably a constant (person-specific) error. The first google result said >Use [the scales] to measure your progress only. Don't compare your body fat percentage to tables or to your friends score. It is probably inaccurate no matter what the manufacturers say. I guess if you calibrated this with a one-time, accurate body-fat measurement, it would be pretty good set-up. EDIT2: Well, maybe not. Some people apparently report that the (cheap?) scales vary several percentage points during a single day. My calibration method also seems vulnerable to the fact that people store their fat in different places on their body depending on their genetics. Maybe this can be fixed with two calibration measurements... Le Monde diplomatique looks good. The only thing is that, as the name suggest, it's strongly focused on international politics (even more so than the Economist). Thanks for the recommendation. It's still important for everyone doing math to know that the convention is bad, though, even if it's not worth switching. Then it becomes clear in several instances that slight blemishes in the beauty of equations are of human origin. It also help you think of 2pi as an object. Same thing happened with the gamma function. MathOverflow: http://mathoverflow.net/questions/20960/why-is-the-gamma-fun... Looks promising; I'll check it out. Thanks. Explaining/justifying the reasoning may be hard, but it's not abstract minimalist, is it? More like idealistic about open standards? In practice that could go wrong in a number of way, but I don't see a problem with it in principle. If Sergey Brin thinks the current medical research establishment stifles certain kinds of research avenues, fine. But let's not cast this as him "proposing to bypass centuries of scientific epistemology in favor of a more Googley kind of science". He's not the next Francis Bacon, and this isn't some deep insight into the nature of science. Because combing through large amounts of data in search of a hypothesis is as old as the hills. (In fact, the dangers of generating false hypotheses were already detailed on HackerNews a few days ago.) Brin isn't proposing some new way of doing science, he (I think) is just suggesting that the current mentality/funding-structure/whatever is not set up to support this type of analysis optimally. I don't feel all that convinced. >And at the end of it all I think most got the point that we should rely on evidence, not simply what people say. ...well...yes and no. For basically all of our beliefs about things outside of our immediate environment, we rely on evidence that other people have collected. I can't determine that the earth is a sphere by my own observations any more than a man could 5 thousand years ago. These were exactly my thoughts when I read this piece. I don't understand how anyone could be confused. News organizations don't claim that it's better for society that they hide their biases; they claim it's better for the status of the news organization. I mean, it's right in the quote from the Washington Post: > "..could be perceived as reflecting political racial, sexist, religious or other bias or favoritism that could be used to tarnish our journalistic credibility.” Likewise, in the conversation that Arrington mentions, the reporter never says that it his motivations for keeping his views secret are for the public good. However, none of this suggests, as Arrington argues, that there should be more opinions in our news. Rather, reporters should (for the public good) strive to make their writing as opinion- and bias-free as possible while simultaneously being up front about their personal biases and political persuasions. A user's willingness to pay is going to be based either off of charity (a la NPR) or as an exchange for a service/good. You can't have both, simply due to human nature. I'm not sure you read my comment. I'm not saying that charity requests don't work. I'm saying that you can't (effectively) mix charity and selling services. How are they establishing causation? I feel exactly the opposite about my phone. It just needs to make calls. > But the efficiency of that method is laughably bad Based on one anecdote from the book? The PUA methods attracts guys who are terrible with women. It's not surprising that there cases where the guys isn't going to improve much. This isn't an argument against the ideas or methods. Given the solid summary of the PUA mindset and method (considering the space requirements) I would have granted the author some airs of grandeur if he had been able to give some insight on marrying the lessons of PUA with a respect for real romantic love. But he really couldn't, so the article ultimately disappoints. > If you look at most people of the 'seduction' community, they usually have something in their history that stunted their sexual-social development... So you're saying that the people looking for help in understanding and attracting women are more likely to have been bad at it in the past? And that people who already have a lot of experience and success are unlikely to be interested in PUD methods? Isn't that obvious? You're confusing two point: the meaninglessness of being simply atoms in the void, and our finite life spans. It's perfectly consistent to think that a finite life span would make us cherish our time more, if only not for the fact that everything is meaningless. Why should the emergence of complexity from simple underlying rules give meaning or value? First, there's the whole is-ought problem. Second, even if you tried to say complexity implied values, there are all sorts of things (computers, trees, and weather systems) which are highly complex but don't have the kind of intrinsic value that is assigned to people. But if you offered a man who was utterly unable to attract woman 40% odds of acquiring just 1 or 2 partners per year through PUA methods (and a 60% chance of no returns) I think he would (rationally) invest a huge amount of time into this. I generally agree, but there is an issue if Google has a monopolistic market share, even if there are many other options. As you say, there is very little customer lock-in, so there should be a high bar for calling Google a monopoly. On the other hand, there is a large entry cost for the search martket. First, Duck Duck Go may be popular with HNers, but it has insignificant market share. It clearly did not have the capital to make a dent. Second, Google has an astounding 63% market share, which would be considered a monopoly in almost all industries. Third, people "noticed" Microsoft's monopolistic tactics, but that doesn't mean that they weren't effective or didn't continue for a long time, largely unpunished. That's all true. But honestly, I would expect this poll to be biased toward over-counting woman. I mean, if I saw a poll to find out how many red-heads (like me) were on HN, I think it would catch my eye and I'd be more likely to click. Is this worth reading? I stopped after the ridiculous claim that "If you can pay peanuts, you can produce tanks and ICBMs that cost peanuts." I mean, if a small band of hunter-gatherers is led by a single tribal leader with complete power, he can pay them nothing. But that doesn't mean he can make ICBMs for peanuts. Likewise, the US had objectively more economic power than the USSR, and, assuming that the USSR had to maintain military parity with the US to remain stable, it would be quite possible for the US to beat the USSR by out-producing it. (I'm not enough of a student of history to know if this is actually what happened.) Yes, things can be misleading if you use straight exchange rates, but that doesn't mean it was logically impossible for the US to out-spend an authoritarian government. It always blows my mind that someone (a philanthropist or the government) hasn't just thrown down a few million bucks to make a truly user friendly version of LaTeX. The amount of grad student and professor time wasted dealing with the flaws in LaTeX is mind-boggling . Or am I naive in this cost estimate? Does anyone know roughly how much money and developer time went into the currently best editors, like TeXShop and TeXnicCenter? All of this outrage just stems from a confusion over the point of private research universities. The Purpose of Harvard is Not to Educate People: http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/cosmicvariance/2008/05/29/... State universities, yes, those are supposed to educate people. But not Ivy League schools. Their purpose is to produce new knowledge. The authors of the OP article then conflate two discussions: (1) Should private research universities focus on education instead of research? (I would give that a resounding no .) (2) Are the private research universities actually producing useful knowledge? (Here, I would be somewhat negative, but probably not for the trite reasons cited by the authors.) Those are completely different questions, especially since one is empirical and one is normative . And it is a hallmark of poor editorializing to try to address both an empirical question and a normative question in the same small space. I think orangecat's point is that rationality and the moral correctness are distinct (assuming you haven't solved the is-ought problem). "Rationality" is just taking actions which are most likely to lead to your goal, whatever that goal may be. Now, that still leaves us to explain the correlation between (a) rationality in the pursuit of relationships and (b) having "questionable" goals like pure sex rather than love. And I think it can be explained this way: First, sex is a much easier to define and measure goal; it's hard to gather data about how well you have achieved ephemeral things like "love". This makes it less amenable to rational attack. Second, people who are initially rational are more likely to see the rather unpleasant realities of love (tracing it back to evolution-driven competition) and become cynical of even the existence of love (and so settle for sex). Third--and I think this is close to what you were getting at--men who have been shunned by women may become so bitter that they don't really want to the love of a woman while still acknowledging that they want sex. Boy, it's hard to answer such a flattering comment without letting it get to your head and sounding like a pompous jerk! I'll give the same advice I give as a teaching grad student to undergrads who think us grad students are incredibly smart: it only takes a tiny amount of knowledge or training for someone to have that you don't for them to seem so much smarter. Don't be fooled. As a grad student enslaved by a university, I have become quite familiar with all the arguments about the purpose and place of research vs. teaching. Anyways, this confusion between normative and empirical claims is extremely common; once you become aware of the difference, you see it everywhere. The easiest way to familiarize yourself with this and related ideas is to take a introductory course on moral philosophy or read an introductory textbook. Unfortunately, even if I thought the book I used in college was all that great (it was OK), I forgot the name of it. The material is fairly universal at the introductory level, though, so any decent book would do. That question is somewhat addressed in Sean Carroll's post that I linked to: > If it weren’t for the fact that it’s hard to get alumni donations when you don’t have any alumni, serious consideration would doubtless be given to cutting out students entirely. Sure, some would complain that they enjoy teaching, that it keeps them fresh, or that students can be useful as research assistants. But those are reasons why the students are useful to the faculty; they are not assertions that the purpose of the institution is to educate students for their own sakes. >Don’t believe me? Here is the test: when was the last time Harvard made a senior tenure offer to someone because they were a world-class educator, rather than a world-class researcher? Not only is the answer “never,” the question itself is somewhat laughable. Honestly, once you realize that private research universities use undergraduates as a source of money, all sorts of seemingly strange behaviors by the university become simple. Why does Princeton allow so many academically unqualified students in to play sports? Alumni donations. Why does it charge $40k+ per year (albeit with financial aid) if it really wanted to attract the absolute best students (since it doesn't actually need the money)? Because the students aren't important and, heck, might as well pay for a couple more buildings. Gmail has been adding simple, non-novel features like this pretty regularly for years (e.g. signatures with full text styles, undo send email, multiple inboxes on one page). I can't imagine that the bottleneck on rolling these out is developer time, so what is it? Customer research/feedback to find out what features are really needed without bloating? Anyone have version of this story which isn't dripping in sensationalism? None of this carries over for non-monopolistic markets. Are monopolies the only place Groupon makes sense? Isn't it obvious that the #1 reason wave failed was because it wasn't backwards compatible with email? If I could I have received all my email over wave, as well as new waves, I would have started using it immediately. But if its separate, I have to add yet another thing to check to my life? No thanks. > The analysis is intended to cover any business that faces a downward sloping demand curve. That is, any one who is not a price-taker. Those are two different things. The vast majority of demand curves are downward sloping. (The exception being products which show strong network effects.) The key thing about a monopoly is that it is a price-setter, not a price-taker. I've taken several courses in classical mechanics, and I've never seen anyone give a proper treatment of complex (really, chaotic) systems unless the entire course in devoted to it. The ideas are so different and time-consuming that it just cannot be introduced alongside simple classical mechanics. That said, numerical simulations of simple systems (harmonic oscillators, perturbed oscillators, etc.) can be a helpful partner to analytical study. Or, alternatively, they don't have to worry about it because there is no health insurance tax deduction to force individuals to get insurance through their employer. > The profit motives of private health care favor denying care, since not paying out money is a good way to make money. This is an argument against all private insurance (home, auto, etc). Catastrophic health coverage is not particularly expensive. It would be much more reasonable for the government to cover catastrophic costs (say, those in excess of $200,000) and otherwise leave private insurance alone. The real question is whether it actually feels as smooth as a pen. The erasable pens were not pleasing to write with. > Make "yes" the default answer. This is really the key idea. I am blown away by how many parents make themselves and their children miserable by just saying "no" without thinking about. A more scientific approach, which compliments the OP well: http://www.fz-juelich.de/inb/inb-mut/innsbruck/sommer06/pdf/... In particular, see table 1, page 4. > By realtime the autor means that it would pop up like an IM/SMS. I'm not so sure I'm convinced that emails popping up like IMs is a good idea. Exactly. I think the ideal situation would be for IM and SMS be integrated (or just have one win out) and for your IM/SMS messanger be integrated into your email inbox. Then, have an option to be either "available" or "not available" for IM/SMS. IM/SMSs sent when you're not available would show up like email in an inbox. This is basically what google is doing with gmail and gchat. The only problem right now is that I can't do gchat on my cell phone. Also, the SMS/IM standard has to be as open as the email standard, where I can contact everyone . This is at least half of my youtube experience. >...with not even a link to the actual article. Incidentally, how is it that a newspaper could ever report on published research without linking or citing the publications? I could never understand how common that is, not could I get a good answer from anyone in the industry. Your "compare with" link is a millimeter wave image, not a back-scatter x-ray image. The later really is much more detailed... http://www.naturalnews.com/gallery/articles/WaveScanners.jpg ...though not quite as detailed-looking as the hoax. But it doesn't take any effort or resources to include it. It should be standard, like listing the city in which the article was written at the beginning. Wow, thanks for that. Those are exactly my feelings. Incidentally, that (rubbish) response doesn't address the fact that at the very least they could include a citation without a link, exactly as the economist does when it discusses a research article. Man, as a grad student, I can't disagree with the first two points enough. This is OK advice if all you want to do is finish a PhD as quickly as possible (ignore course work and any studying not directly related to your dissertation), but it's terrible advice if you want to (a) become a broadly smart individual or (b) do research later on anything else besides the tiny topic of your dissertation. Grad school is the only time in your life where you'll have the freedom to study all sorts of incredible stuff. If you leave academics, you won't have access to the resources, and if you stay in academics, you'll be constantly scrambling to crank out publications as a post-doc or professors. > In the interest of personal disclosure, I suffered from the "want to learn everything" bug when I got to Ph.D. school. I took classes all over campus for my first two years: Arabic, linguistics, economics, physics, math and even philosophy. In computer science, I took lots of classes in areas that had nothing to do with my research. The price of all this "enlightenment" was an extra year on my Ph.D. Only a year? Sounds cheap to me! When else in your life are you going to have the opportunity for this kind of enrichment? Yes, taking linguistics classes is probably not going to help your future physics research. (Though it can still be worthwhile). But taking chemistry, math, and physics outside of your particular niche is incredibly helpful for teaching you different ideas that you can apply later. Also: >Einstein's Ph.D. dissertation was a principled calculation meant to estimate Avogadro's number. He got it wrong. By a factor of 3. Yea, well, for their PhDs, Bekenstein's discovered black hole thermodynamics, Feynman came up with the path integral, and Hawking proved the singularity theorem. Yes, you can go on to be successful after a modest thesis. But you can also kick ass young. (Also, finding a method to calculate a theretofore empirically-measured universal constant based on elementary principles--and only being wrong by a factor of 3--is pretty incredible!) Frankly, I just don't know very many grad students who come close to "shooting too high". I'm sure this professor has met a few, but is his concern really that they are shooting themselves in the foot, or is it that grad students who take chances for big breakthroughs (and hence, usually fail) are not very useful for advancing the career of professors? > whereas American Ph.D.s can (usually) transition directly to faculty jobs In physics, going straight from grad student to professor is extremely rare these days. I agree, except that (a) this should lead you to TA for longer in order to spend more time doing classes, but that is exactly the opposite of what grad students are told to do ("get to research as soon as possible") and (b) you should push the bounds of how much non-directly-thesis-related learning you can do while on your advisor's grant. You're a grad student , not a research technician, and only bad advisors will require you to do nothing but work directly toward immediate publications. > The article is not titled "How to become a broadly smart individual" -- it's titled "Easy ways to fail a Ph.D." That's why I said "This is OK advice if all you want to do is finish a PhD as quickly as possible." Professors don't give this advice to students in the form " If you want to finish ASAP, take this advice, but really finishing ASAP isn't a good idea". They just give the advice, and it's bad. > But you're perceived as wasting your advisor's funding, you're ruined. I didn't say waste. There is a balance. And if your advisor treats you as a research technician, and only pays you conditional on working full-time on his research, you ought to change advisors. >If you want to be a broadly smart individual, finish grad school as quickly as possible, become a professor, get tenure, and you'll have the rest of your life to study whatever you like. First, ask any tenured professor and they'll tell you they have the much less time for free thinking then they had in grad schools. Grant writing, committee siting, etc., soaks up most of their time. Second, the average age to get tenure is 39 : http://blogs.physicstoday.org/newspicks/2009/11/family-is-th... Waiting until you're 40 to do your independent, free thinking is a good way to make sure you never do anything original. >> (a) become a broadly smart individual > Do you need to be in grad school to achieve this? No, but grad school is a fantastic place for it. Just because you can (partially) make up for a missed opportunity doesn't mean that missing it wasn't bad. > Learning the skills involved in focusing on one area can then be applied to another area later on. The fact that skills involved in one area can be applied to another doesn't mean you shouldn't be acquiring skills in many areas. In fact, it supports my point. I don't think we really disagree here. Yes, you need to be smart and realistic about your capabilities. My Feynman et al. example wasn't advice for students, it was a refutation of the idea that theses aren't particularly important or indicative of future success (which is what you imply with the Einstein example). Edit: "OP" --> "you". Sorry, I didn't realize I was talking with the author. Thanks for the thoughtful reply! Ahh, I parsed it wrong. My mistake. I'm not interested in being "broadly educated". In fact, if you knew me, you'd think that laughable. I am no polymath, nor do I aspire to be. I'm talking about having a broad education within your field , i.e. taking course not directly related to your thesis that can give you insight on your thesis or on something you might research afterwards. >>"First, ask any tenured professor and they'll tell you they have the much less time for free thinking then they had in grad schools. Grant writing, committee siting, etc., soaks up most of their time. Second, the average age to get tenure is 39" >If you're unhappy about the life of a professor, then don't get a PhD. I'm not complaining about the life of a professor, I'm challenging the idea that you should wait until you're tenured to think new ideas. I apologize. I must be presenting my ideas wrong, because I really don't think we disagree. It is definitely the responsibility of a good advisor to make sure that their student leaves grad school well-prepared and with a competitive CV. An advisor who doesn't push his student to work hard and focus is surely doing a disservice. I just don't think that means the student shouldn't have a certain degree of freedom (maybe...10% of his time?) to pursue less immediately publishable knowledge. EDIT: I think I spoke very poorly when I said "I can't disagree with the first two points enough". It's not that there isn't a great deal of truth to the OP's claim that not focusing on your research can lead to failure. It's that I feel very strongly about the danger of taking this advice too far (which, in my short experience, happens more often in grad school) and focusing on hitting all the career-ladder rungs rather than focusing on getting the training you need to make worthwhile contribution to your field. I wondered this too. Frankly, I don't understand why there isn't a 1TB iPod classic. I understand that eventually flash will replace hard drives, but it just isn't economical yet for the largest sizes. 64GB Touch: $400 160 GB Classic: $250 > The Pennsylvania researchers tracked 1,741 middle aged volunteers who completed a questionnaire on their sleep history, underwent a physical exam and were monitored overnight in a sleep laboratory. The death rate exceeded 50 percent for men with chronic insomnia , compared with 9.1 percent of those who slept well, after researchers adjusted for differences such as weight and smoking habits. Huh? 9% of the normal men died, and half of those with insomnia? How long did they follow them for? Really? The 160 GB iPod Classic was introduced Sept 2007. It seems like the technology should exist to at least have 500 GB at that form factor (though maybe the demand doesn't exist). Thanks for asking this question. This is an honest question from a childless person: how much time does your 3rd grader spend doing math homework per night? Naively, it seems reasonable to me that there is going to be a fraction of the necessary practice which must be done under the supervision of the teacher, and a fraction which can be done alone. Now, as people move up the academic ladder and, presumably, become better at teaching themselves, the amount of class time decreases and the amount of self-directed time increases. At the 3rd grade level, where they spent 6-8 hours in class each day, it seems plausible that the correct amount of homework is roughly 30-60 minutes per night. It also seem plausible that the homework teaches a student not only the material, but also how to learn on their own. I think you guys are talking past each other. Your claim is that, if Google Instant is successful, it will be because of marketing/hype/some-other-non-technical-reason. His claim is that it will be because Google made the feature (which everyone agrees existed in a basic form 5 years ago) accessible to the average user. I don't think you guys are going to be able to settle this debate without some data about real life users. Although if you could get people to order their search queries by most important to least important, like regular search, it would probably work fine. loewenskind was talking about two thing: Zuckerburg being a jerk, and the vision. Bmelton was replying only to the jerk part. This is more or less a correct interpretation (the physics are definitely right). Importantly, the behavior is seen in electromagnetism, which is much easier to think about than general relativity, so people should start there. (But no one will ever read this comment because the topic is 5 days old.) Yea, I don't understand at all how this list is made. It can't be based on average -recruit-quality, in any sense, because the highest-average quality schools will always be small ones (simply due to averaging and statistics). The volume on Intrade for many of these niche futures is very low, which may make the payoff for correcting poor market prices too low to motivate knowledgeable physicists. But I think some more publicity for Intrade and prediction markets in general would be a great thing. Full disclosure: I have several unfilled positions on the Higgs and Supersymmetry. > And worse – he’s confirmed that many Google employees are interviewing with Facebook and Twitter, among others, simply to get a hefty raise. “Many people at Google use Facebook offers in order to get a big raise,” says Buchheit. I don't understand why this is "worse", i.e. why interviewing purely to get a raise should be thought of as a bad thing. To me, having many (hopefully low cost) interviews simply allows software developers to be efficiently priced as market conditions change. Now, the natural response, if employee value can move upward more easily, is that employers will be less willing to offer job/salary security. But, on average, this is good, right? Fighting this is like fighting to go back to the old pensions system, which drastically reduced employment flexibility and was a major source of economic friction. Well, first, this is an argument about why it is bad for the company , not for the correct allocation of resources for society. (Although maybe you could adapt the parts about political inefficiencies to argue also for the latter.) Second, it seems like all these problems go away (at least to first order) if you simply pay people what they are worth (as defined by the market). Being squeaky only helps if you need to do it to call attention to inadequate compensation. > So, would you say it is no different than when companies offshore development to reduce costs? Yes. >I rarely counter as there is no guarantee they won’t come back sometime later with an even higher offer, and so on and so on. If I'm a builder and the price of wood goes up--but it's still the cheapest material for my needs--I keep using it. If it keeps going up, I keep paying more and more until there is a cheaper alternative. Yes, it can be argued that there are key differences between people and wood, but you haven't identified them and why they are important here. >What if your employer did the same sort of thing and came to you and said – “hey, someone with equal credentials and experience told me they would do your job for less, so you either need do it for the same or I will replace you.” I would be bummed I was no longer as valuable of a commodity, but I wouldn't fault the employer. Well, I just meant that if you treat wood or people as strict commodities, then the fact that the price might continue to rise in the future doesn't really seem to imply that I shouldn't pay a slightly higher price now; you just pay the market price so long as you still make a profit and there isn't a cheaper alternative. (This is the naive, econ-101 analysis.) But, of course, people are more complicated than wood. So if you wanted to argue that you should refuse to pay the higher price, you would need to explain exactly what the difference between people and wood are, and exactly why it should lead you to reject the naive analysis.