There are already people cheating. I'm looking at you Anon #2340. That's okay, there's time to work on the shielding. 0.03 c is the most that can be feasibly achieved using top-end near future technology like dusty plasma fission fragment rockets. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fission-fragment_rocket This memo spends the entire time talking about the 'evil' al-qa'ida and how even if a US citizen joins them then legally they should get to kill them. It goes into deep detail about this scenario for a number of pages. But it skips over, in 5 lines at the very beginning, that it also applies to anyone they arbitrarily say are associated with al-qa'ida. No details about that. The important issue isn't the legal justification of some mythical US al-qa'ida as this document tries to stress. It's about the fact that they decide who is an 'associated group' they can also kill and that decision is secret and arbitrary. http://inertiawar.com/microcode/ provides a good background summary of microcode on AMD/Intel CPU in general. Here's a non-scribd link: http://www-users.cs.umn.edu/~jansen/papers/lira-ndss2013.pdf After reading the full text article I was surprised to find the protons from the aluminium foil/picosecond pulse interaction actually come from hydrocarbon impurities that were on the back surface of the foils. If they don't guard that hydrocarbon film on the back of the aluminium from the Boron-ionizing nanosecond pulse then they don't get protons. So that is why the second thinner aluminium film is there; to shield the impurity layer on the thick aluminium film. According to my tests (with many dongles of E4K and R820T tuners) it takes about ~50 milliseconds for everything to happen. Use keenerd's experimental branch for fast tuning with R820T tuners. I'm not sure the main branch has fixed the driver yet. My best guess is that something in libusb is slowing down the process which in theory should only take ~8 milliseconds. The cap is not the frightening bit of this announcement. That Comcast has declared they will MITM and hack user connections to all websites not using SSL is frightening. > ...we are fortunate enough to have an OptiTrack optical motion capture system in our lab. The 12 cameras capture at 100FPS, and the Motive software computes position and orientation... That part of it seems a bit less feasible for home use. This is one area where a native AR system like the CastAR wins. Okay, but does the baseband processor have direct memory access to the system RAM? If so, it is useless from a security standpoint. I accept that Russian bankers are getting away with various forms of theft and fraud. But so are the bankers in western countries like the USA and the UK (too big to prosecute). It is like this article's refrain of "In any other country,", "in most countries", etc is not only unaware of the same thing going on everywhere but intentionally ignoring it. This is a great comic. I just wish he had preserved the old format which was deep-linkable instead of switching to a "pretty" javascript interface. It's the magnetic field in the solar wind deflecting the charged cosmic rays. It is not a scattering effect from increased density. What is talked about here is the arrival of the high speed stream, but it is not the high speed stream itself. What is important is the momentum transfer from the high speed stream to the slow stream out in front of it. This builds up to a genuine shockwave by Mar's orbit but at earth it is just a smooth increase in dynamic pressure. There's a pile up of the "frozen-in" magnetic field at this co-rotating interaction region and that field's intensity deflects the cosmic rays (and other charged particles) from certain directions at certain distances. This is the pretty much the same mechanism as the Forbush decrease associated with coronal mass ejections. Lets put it this way: if you're anywhere you only have to melt snow a handful of days per year it is not worth it to have heating. Anywhere snow is seriously inconvenient this idea is silly. On some linux configurations flash 11.x doesn't seem to work with livestream. A handful of seconds play then it permanently buffers. One solution is to use the python program livestreamer ( http://livestreamer.tanuki.se/en/latest/index.html ) to play the stream in vlc. Probably, but I'll never know through this means because privacyinternational decided to rely on a javascript dependent page rendering. Now combine it with transcutaneous electrical stimulation on the inner ear. In the past (2000s) there were more than a few studies show this could control walking direction of blindfolded participants too. No. There's no mechanism of action. A tens of hertz a nanotesla magnetic field is not doing anything. It is not creating a significate potential anywhere, especially not the brain. The rate of change in the magnetic field is proportional to the induced voltage and here both the rate of change and field strength are tiny. Magnetic fields themselves have no effect. We are literally always surrounded by such insignificant fields. This paper is akin to someone claiming to be "electrosensitive". It's an extremely bold claim without the evidence to back it up. Finally a popular press article wanting that digs deeper than the old fables about dopamine. For more in-depth information Berridge has a big list of review articles: http://www.lsa.umich.edu/psych/research&labs/berridge/public... The most popular low end quadcopter, the Syma X5C, has this. The blades are flexible and stop almost instantly when obstructed. This is great for preventing breakage when you hit a tree. I've stuck my finger in there intentionally without even mild pain. If a $60 device has it I bet the multi-hundred and thousand dollar devices will not have trouble. Since they will be in low earth orbits the radiation effects will be significantly less than compared to geosynchronous satellites. They'll be well within the magnetosphere. As for atmospheric ionization: it won't be a problem at the multiple GHz frequencies of interest. That really only effects stuff well under 1 GHz. Skype becomes a problem for the US government. eBay buys Skype for the US government. eBay sells Skype. PayPal becomes a problem for the US government. eBay buys PayPal for the US government. eBay sells PayPal. This page will reliably kill X.Org X Server 1.7.6 regardless of the browser used to render it. This article seems to think being stopped by the police because of jogging is a thing of the past. I live in a state university town full of joggers but I've been stopped 3 times for my "suspicious" jogging just in the last year. I guess it's because I do it at weird times with normal clothing instead of the standard exercise uniform. They always say something along the lines of "I thought you were in trouble." to justify themselves. Well, they require me to identify myself (by name) and what I'm doing so it seems to me that the stated justifications are post-hoc. But no, I've never been detained for more than a couple minutes. Cargo pants and a t-shirt usually. Well, this is all terrible. They mention having to use the nightly or developers releases instead of their walled garden versions. But both of those are unstable and very crashy. And how likely are they to keep the unbranded version up and updated as time goes on? And getting rid of the entire firefox add-ons community is just insane. The add-ons are what makes firefox good. It's why people use Firefox. I guess if they just want us to use Chrome this series of changes will work great. Have you used it? After I heard about the changes coming down the line in 41 a week or so back I immediately downloaded it and started configuring it to be my new main browser. The only problem was that it crashed constantly. It's just anecdotal but my personal experience backs up what I've said here. That's true. But that isn't what most users care about regarding this change. Just look at these comment threads: users care about the power-user extensions being forced out. There's a definite drop of support. Firefox is dropping the add-ons that made it special. The title now is just spin. Tell it to NoScript. Your website now doesn't render text unless javascript is enabled. This is bad design. Stop it. You can do this kind of thing yourself with a $10 rtlsdr dvbt dongle, NMEA GPS, laptop and various software. The most commonly used is Eartoearoak's rtlsdr-scanner: http://eartoearoak.com/software/rtlsdr-scanner NW0W has also done a lot of work on mapping powerline interference with rtlsdr dongles in multiple blog posts. An older represenative example is at: http://blog.dxers.info/2015/01/driveby-system-live-on-road.h... tautology2 showed his visualization implementation + code over at: https://www.reddit.com/r/RTLSDR/comments/2hbjyt/gsm_heatmap_... They're all (except the detail thumbnails) initally loaded as a blank.png and then substituted in with javascript for absolutely no reason. That kind of thing gets me to close the tab real fast. Except he didn't sell drugs at all. He ran a marketplace. It might be just me but I can't figure out how to even start compiling this to test it out on linux. That said, I'm always happy to see alternatives to Festival TTS. Hopefully it'll become a bit more user friendly in time. Flite is not Festival. It is a very cut down version for embedded machines. If a US national security letter with a gag were used it wouldn't show up here. You seem to be certain that the people targeted are actually "officers in an insurgency". After reading "The Drone Papers." stories I don't think we can take that as a given. The issue here is not so much the invasive tracking and such. That's bad but it is private land. The issue is that millions of dollars of taxpayers' money is being used to pay for things on private land as if it were public. I used terraserver to manually download the entire tile set for my town (right click, save as). Then I laboriously used Photoshop 5 to align and remove the watermarks. It took an entire week but by the end I had a clean ~150 MB jpg that I could scroll around in as needed. Huh. It seems like the justice system has been as corrupt as it is currently for a long time. "Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site." Sorry but your website needs HTML for readers to care. Direct democracy is great but it has problems. Even though I'm a technical user and early bitcoin adopter I still don't understand enough about the protocol itself to decide between the proposed solutions to transaction rate scaling. So I just end up running, and implicitly supporting, the core client from my distro's repositories. Then implement them in a way that allows for graceful fall back to just text, etc. They should've gone with hydrogen peroxide based monopropellant linear actuators. Unfortunately Canonical has stopped putting that time and effort into the desktop OS and is instead concentrating on mobile/tablet "convergence". Just wait until 16 is released and they switch over the desktop repos to their in house package system for phones: Snappy. That said, existing Ubuntu releases that still use Debian style packages are what I'd recommend (and what I use) too. I understand why they are going walled garden. Non-technical users cannot be trusted to control their browser. But Mozilla should know if they do this then I, a technical user, won't use their browser. I am not an extension developer but it's a rare month when I don't find myself popping open an .xpi to make changes to the JS and HTML for personal aesthetics; or bugs only I have. Temporarily loading extensions is not a solution. They say they'll be producing an "unbranded" non-walled garden version that for technical users but no such build has been revealed yet. And if they do make it the unbranded version won't be in my OS repos. This walled garden, the addition of Adobe EME/DRM, the bundling of "Pocket", and the incoming drop of XUL based extensions are too much. "Chrome did it." isn't an excuse. It makes it worse, actually. Developer edition is "Aurora". Aurora is alpha. Alphas have more bugs. It's not reasonable to tell me to use an alpha. Yes. When Firefox first announced their plans for the walled garden back near FF37/38 I did as everyone said and tried Aurora. It crashed on me twice in as many hours. I'm pretty hard on browsers since I typically have 200+ tabs loaded. That never happens with final release versions. Nope. I use Pale Moon. It's an actively developed full fork of Firefox. All my extensions work in it. It's more Firefox than Firefox these days. What's going to prevent malware authors from making a bunch of AMO accounts and signing their malware if it's so easy and automated? It's official. Aurora is explicitly alpha. When they bump the version number Nightly turns into Aurora turns into Beta turns into Release. Both this and the still to be delivered "Black-Swift" are minimal single board computers using the AR9331. It should be similar to the Black-Swift's power specs, "Power consumption: 120 mA typical (400 MHz CPU frequency, Wi-Fi enabled), 60 mA in energy-saving mode (200 MHz, Wi-Fi disabled), 300 mA max" This is at 5v so ~1.5w max. If you wanted to use even moderate power USB2 peripherals instead of the SD card reader you'd have to inject external 5v power. This is another terrible article citing studies from ancient history that confuse incentive salience (wanting) mediated by the dopamimergic systems with the mostly gabaergic pleasure (liking). Don't waste your time. The ideas proposed in this Huffington Post article have been known to be wrong for almost 40 years now. edit Apparently it's an excerpt from his 2011 book and he's a professor at a university. There's no excuse for him spreading this bullshit. If you're interested in the actual neuroscience of pleasure then check out the publications from Kent Berridge's lab: http://lsa.umich.edu/psych/research&labs/berridge/Publicatio... Stick to the reviews if your neuroscience jargon is not strong. There's a few of them that are written for the laymen. This needs more electrostatic solar sails and fission fragment rockets. It was shown. It lasted for a bit less than a second. They are not running it longer right now because they cannot handle the thermal load. Thanks for this. It'll do for my router until a new firmware is out. I tried the above but --connbyte takes a range as input not a single value. Like, "512:8192" or "512:" for "greater than 512". In practice "512:" is interpreted as "512:4294967295". So it ends up looking like, iptables -t filter -A INPUT -p udp --sport 53 -m connbytes --connbytes 512: --connbytes-dir reply --connbytes-mode bytes -j DROP iptables -t filter -A INPUT -p tcp --sport 53 -m connbytes --connbytes 512: --connbytes-dir reply --connbytes-mode bytes -j DROP Opera hasn't been Opera since version 12. I think this is the tldr; When operations use the (Intel) CPU cache they complete detectably faster than when using system RAM. When OpenSSL performs an encryption/decryption (five squaring operations followed by one multiplication) it divides up which cache banks it uses by multiplier number. If an attacker on the same system has filled the CPU cache banks they can detect which section of the cache bank has been written to and how long it takes. That information and knowledge of the OpenSSL cache use obfuscation scheme give the attacker the multiplier numbers used for encryption. LE is okay but the 90 day limit puts me off. It's so much easier to do a self-signed for 10 years. The problem with self-signed certs isn't intrinsic to them, it's a problem with browsers scaremongering for the lowest common denominator. For my mail server which only I use, my websites which only technical people visit, etc, there's no reason to deal with the hassle of LE. >In order to successfully trigger the vulnerability, an attacker must be able to send a data message of more than 5.5 gigabytes to a victim Well, at least it's not trivial. The reprojection will necessarily introduce artifacts related to head movement in general. But particularly head movement in space rather than orientation. The PC HMD version of reprojection is called async timewarp. It only tracks and compensates for head orientation and not absolute position. The same will be true for PSVR's reprojection. https://developer.oculus.com/blog/asynchronous-timewarp-exam... More Rift than Vive applications have options to enable asynchronous timewarp but most applications on both sides don't bother. If you're using the cell phone network you're using a cell phone. Even if it's only providing network connectivity to your computer. My personal solution for using my laptop around town is to to use the 915 MHz ISM band for transverted wifi. Hills and valleys are a big problem but line of sight is not needed in terms of buildings or trees. At max I get about 3km range from my home station to my car at 50 Mb/s. At minimum a bad valley can cause the connection to drop within 300m of my home station. But generally it works around town. It'll obviously never work as well, or as far ranging, as the cell network. But it is private and it's nice not being tracked. As a user I can can explain. I was unhappy with Mozilla implementing a walled garden for their extensions. I am not an extension dev but it's a rare month where I don't pop open an xpi and edit something to my personal preferences. In a walled garden I can't do that. They are taking control of the browser away from me. Their choice to implement the W3C's disasterous digital rights managment technology in the form of EME was too much. At the very minimum including this DRM in the browser opens up any devs or researchers trying to port to other platforms/OS to legal liability and attack. Additionally Mozilla's choice to bake in bloatware like Pocket is very unpleasant. Basically every time I do a fresh install of Firefox I have to go through a long series of config to de-bullshit it (ref: https://gist.github.com/haasn/69e19fc2fe0e25f3cff5 ). Palemoon is more Firefox than Firefox these days. The changes are architectural but also ethical. I particularly don't like Firefox switching to a walled garden for extensions, adding digital rights management black boxes, baking in commercial software like Pocket, intending to abandon XUL for better security of non-technical users. But there's also much more ( https://gist.github.com/haasn/69e19fc2fe0e25f3cff5 ). Your implication that he's calling it a unique new browser is either intentionally disengenous or confused. A "browser product" is a product made from an existing browser: Firefox. There's nothing in the linked post that presents it how you do. Pale Moon's fork fixes some important ethical (and aesthetic) issues I have with Firefox's current direction. I'm glad that both (and icecat, iceweasel, etc) can coexist because they're open source. Re-forking from a later version seems reasonable to me since not that many people think the above issues are important. As the post said, there aren't enough contributors to keep up with the evolving web. Re-baseing from an acceptable later Firefox version would give me another few years of breathing room. The only part of this I don't agree with is the existing Firefox extension ecosystem not being compatible with the new Pale Moon. But I guess as Firefox abandons them the value of the old ecosystem dimishes. Not being able to install or edit my own extensions without Mozilla's approval is not a light increment in control. It crosses a very distinct line. Using an alpha (developer) or unstable nightly is not a reasonable alternative. Now if they actually produce the unbranded version of Firefox like they keep saying they will it'll be a start. In case anyone is wondering there are 540 images before it loops back to the first image. http://www.ospo.noaa.gov/data/sst/anomaly/2016/anomnight.3.2... - Here's relevant ocean temperature anomaly map. Predict away. This is not a desktop application. The browser chrome, which is required, is a desktop application. This is a browser extension. Not worth the time. Use Retroshare instead. An interesting partial survey but I'm confused. If it's going to include future tech like anti-matter and fusion I'm really surprised they'd leave out currently feasible propulsion systems like electrostatic sails or fission fragment rocket engines. And ultra dense deuterium? That's not even verified peer-reviewed science. That's fringe. You don't need to be convicted or even charged with a crime for police or the feds to steal all of your computer equipment and never return it. They're doing it without high price rare earth magnets. Wind generators and some aspects of solar cells use rare earth metals. The big advance of this particular company is not using rare earth magnets. I agree but that's a bad example. Macs are notoriously expensive for the performance they deliver. What browsers don't allow people to visit a site, or use certain features, without HTTPS? I've never run into such an issue but I only use Firefox forks these days. I agree with the problems of LetsEncrypt and other CA though. That's why I run all my sites on self signed certs. I don't need to prove my site's identity securely. I just need to put in a speed bump against easy sniffing. If they can't see through the browser scaremongering my websites are probably not going to be useful to them. If it's too much of a hassle hopefully they'll reconsider their browser choice. I am the change I want to see. It just saves me the hassle of intentionally blocking bad browsers. Even if I could get over it using Chrome as it's runtime environment requiring a phone number is a deal breaker. Stop using/requiring phone system in internet based instant messengers. He's doing great and useful work, there's no doubt. But requiring a phone number for an internet instant messenger is still a deal breaker even with Chromium as an alternative. It's really frustrating how much the web, software, and computers in general are being gimped for everyone just to support the "mobile" segment of the market. If my ISP's support agent knew what peering was I'd try to wake up because I'd know I was dreaming. Does this require a phone number like the rest of Open Whisper Systems products? I use Pale Moon, a firefox fork. I currently have ~200 tabs loaded (in a session with ~500 tabs) and it's only using 2.7 GB of RAM. > ... even though fairly close to Gecko-based browsers like Mozilla Firefox in the way it works, is based on a different layout engine and offers a different set of features. It aims to provide close adherence to official web standards and specifications in its implementation (with minimal compromise), and purposefully excludes a number of features to strike a balance between general use, performance, and technical advancements on the Web. Sexual misconduct claims seem to be the go-to for attacking providers of technological solutions to censorship. Oh boy. A blank, black webpage. Tab closed. > ... if LTE and Wi-Fi networks are forced to share the same channel ... at worst degrade the Wi-Fi performance as if there were another Wi-Fi network sharing the channel. All Our Shared Spectrum Are Belong to Us [32c3] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cZxMg8shbA#t=1193 Unfortunately that's not true in implementation because LTE-U doesn't know or care about the wifi channel announce timings. By piping up whenever it wants to wifi throughput actually degrades more than 70% at minimum LTE-U duty cycle spec (50%) and up to almost completely, ~99% reduction, at max allowed LTE-U duty cycle (90%) spec. No matter what they say this is a spectrum grab and LTE-U will degrade 5 GHz wifi to the point of being unusable. Well, Tribes was released in 1998. The best part of POWER8 is the ability to flash and verify the CPU firmware using a completely open toolchain. All modern Intel and AMD processors have secret sauce signed firmware (that can even access and use the network). You can't ever be sure what is running on them internally. POWER8 is a secure architecture even in the case of an NSA targeted hardware intercept during shipping. You can just reflash with known/verified good firmware when you get it. The available software to do the automatic 90 day cert renewals don't work on anything but the latest operating systems. Go back a handful of years and they just crap out. Sure. And the tooling only exists pre-made for modern operating systems. If you run anything even a handful of years old there's no support and you have to do it by hand. It's neat to see some of my tor domains show up in https://github.com/automatingosint/osint_public/blob/master/... . There's even the unicode art I put in my http headers in the resulting json entry. Session files of tabs are also better than bookmarks since they save per-tab history so you can see how you arrived somewhere. The per-tab process switch is bad for users like us (I have 300+ tabs right now) but what is even worse in FF48 is the implementation of a walled garden for extensions. Bookmarks don't save the per-tab history. With tab sessions you can go back and see what search terms and sites you used to get somewhere. Nope. I bought an HTC Vive because Valve promised linux support. It's 5+ months since release and there's still not even a hint that they're working on it. It was a huge mistake to buy hardware based on promises of software support. In a cashless society all transactions are controlled and monitored by third parties. There is no potential for individual volition except at the whim of those controlling the systems. Cryptocurrencies will mitigate this slightly but the loss of cash is going to be a huge blow to the individual. Try donating to wikileaks with a credit card. Try buying porn with paypal. Your strawman of sudden total control is silly. This frog will be boiled slowly. Install a neutered pirate version instead of using your license. rtl_power frequency hops at about 80 MHz/s max. You can use https://github.com/xmikos/qspectrumanalyzer or many other rtl_power frontends to see it in real time as you point the antenna. For windows there's https://github.com/pavels/spektrum Another approach seen on hackernews in the past had an omnidirectional antenna and used GPS tagging to make heatplots at different frequencies overlayed on a map. ref: http://www.tautology2.net/heatmap/ It uses the http://eartoearoak.com/software/rtlsdr-scanner software. In the medium term a 22 GHz radio interferometer using the sun as a gravitational lens would be able to resolve 80 km diameter water clouds on Proxima b. This talk by the inventor of the concept for SETI purposes explains it pretty well: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObvKVe5H8pc The real trick is getting out 600 AU to the gravitational focal line for the light opposite proxima centuari and staying with ~10m of it via station keeping. The only medium term solution to get out there in under 20 years are electrostatic solar sails. See Bruce Wiegmann of NASA Marshall Space Flight Center's talk from yesterday on the Heliopause Electrostatic Rapid Transit System. http://livestream.com/viewnow/NIAC2016/videos/133764483 Static site? Self host from home. Comcast changes my IP about once per year. I notice within a half day or so and manually update the A and AAAA records for my dot com, publish an update for namecoin domain, and my Tor address doesn't need updating. I've been self-hosting for almost two decades now with no problems. Reminds me more of Retroshare than data-agnostic anonymity networks like you named. Both Samizdat and Retroshare solve the public key encryption distribution problems then provide p2p services with a single client. Try out the Pale Moon firefox forks. I'm running it on an old core2duo 6400 (2.13 GHz) with 8 GB ram. I have over 700 tabs in my session right now with at least 300 of them fully loaded. It's using less than 3GB ram. And it's fast/snappy with smooth scrolling. Apparently no javascript means no text these days. It is obviously done intentionally. It is not like blocks of text require javascript to render. I'd shame bloomberg but the frog is well and boiled now; everyone just accepts that without JS websites aren't going to show you anything. And that is a damn shame. Except for Mozilla's policy of trying to making Firefox race Chrome to be the best browser for the lowest common denominator. You can't even edit your addons in Firefox anymore. They have to be signed by Mozilla. > And using an unmaintained addon is dangerous. And this is the kind of thinking I'm talking about. Firefore/Chrome/etc are all about protecting tech ignorants from themselves rather than allowing adept users to do what they want. Signal requires you to use your phone number. Am I the only one that believes that the kind of non-preferential routing and anonymity that the current exchange setups provide is a benefit? In terms of society as a whole this far outweighs the downsides of DoS attacks using IP spoofing. "Solving" the "problem" of ip spoofing is only a benefit for centralized authorities and services. The loss of privacy is also serious. People advancing this idea are advancing it to better their commercial interests rather than the interests of individuals using the 'net. I'm not saying IP spoofing is useful for many real tasks. I'm saying the solution proposed in the article will end up being abused and worse than the problems it solves. It's one more step to an internet where commercial traffic is prioritized over actual users at all steps along the path. Slack isn't an IRC replacement. It's business trying to embrace, extend, and extinguish the IRC protocol so they can capture the business market that uses IRC and collect rent. Compatibility with a real protocol, IRC, instead of just a marginal bridge. Mattermost will still splinter communities. I don't know about you but I have all of those things simply by leaving my bog standard IRC client connected to the networks. IRC is not a limited protocol. What is happening is that people are using limited computers and networks (smart phones) that aren't capable of the same thing a 1990s computer was. > video, audio, screen sharing You know what else IRC can't do? Be a version control system. And it can't be a webserver, or do GPU accelerated machine learning, or act as a spreadsheet. As for "First class support" I'd argue that those kind of things make for a less flexible chat system. It's like having a strongly typed classes instead of everything as strings; like Powershell vs a unix shell. REST API? Ah yes, in 2016 everything needs to be HTTP, I forgot. It's funny that all the examples previews use CodePen and, >Codepen requires JavaScript to render the code and preview areas in this view. It is a terrible idea. No matter their popularity phones have tiny screens and limited, slow input methods compared to desktop PCs. And mobile OSes have to be provided with special workarounds to deal with the absolutely terrible mobile IP networking that cannot even keep a TCP session open reliably. Convergence to a user interface that provides the crutches for these limits of mobile platforms neccessarily gimps the desktop UI too. Running a web server on your home machine is the best way to be part of the internet rather than a consumer of services provided by corporations over the internet. It does sound like he needs a better QoS or bandwidth limiting mechanism though. Push is a crutch for mobile platforms with gimped network access. It's a shame that browsers are bending over backwards to support these disabled platforms and making the experience worse for real computers because of it. The c2 wiki doesn't even have text anymore. It's completely javascript and without JS enabled you can't see anything but a loading spinner. It's sad to see such an accessible website fall so low. It also won't display any text at all unless you run their javascript. Pale Moon. I imagine he actually meant that Firefox/Chrome/etc are prioritizing a different demographic of users now than they used to. Both are becoming more of an OS in which you run web "apps" rather than just a browser to display and read webpages. Web apps need a consistent base set of features that may not exist on all OS platforms. By providing it internally they signal who and what the browsers are designed for. Other people might consider these features bloat. To answer his legitimate question: try Pale Moon. It's a browser that respects your freedom and does not include bloat. I don't care about the politics of this move but this is why I have never, and will never, use third party platforms to communicate. Centralization always leads to abuse. Anyone have a link to the story that doesn't send you to a nag page if you have javascript turned off? I think you're forgetting the other, more important, aspect of this change. It gives enforcers of the government the legal ability to get 1 generic warrant and then hack tens of thousands of people with that one warrant just because they are using network protocols that make them anonymous. http://archive.is/i2uno - If you received "The website encountered an unexpected error. Please try again later." instead of the article here's a mirror that can be viewed without running javascript from brightcove and newrelic tracking domains. As more and more ISP implement data caps and prioritize only some traffic mesh nets and other p2p software will soon become infeasible for most users. Already with Comcast putting a 1 TB cap on my data (up+down) I'm feeling the pressure to shut down my Bitcoin full node and I've stopped contributing bandwidth to I2P. IRC is for people who participate in the internet. For them it isn't hard to host their own website or just use any of the innumberable image/video/whatever hosts and paste a link. Discord is for tech ignorant people who consume things pushed to them by companies over the internet. Bundling up everything into a centralized, proprietary package will go bad for the consumers eventually. But for now they'll trade away their freedom for convenience and enjoy it. I run a similar number of tabs in Pale Moon (browser) with slightly better performance. But most of this is because I make a choice not to use shitty website that are written in javascript instead of html. More importantly, the headline should read: "Police use high time resolution data from modern water meter against man charged with murder." Basically this Abstruse Goose comic, http://abstrusegoose.com/553 , about the dangers of utility data logging have come true. The greater the time resolution of such things the more can be inferred. Such high resolution is completely uneeded and complex in order to just charge for usage. The new wireless meters could simply send daily lump sums and still be wireless and easy. But instead they abuse the functionality in order to intrude on the lives of everyone. How do you feel about bringing back "Best viewed in Internet Explorer" for modern times? tldr; some labs adopt a proprietary communication and content management system (instead of using existing open protocols) because they don't have the technical support, or time, to do it right. In the short term this increases productivity but in the long term the lock-in will constrain. Good, more alternatives. I use shadowsocks-libev version written in c, https://github.com/shadowsocks/shadowsocks-libev . But I can see how this might be nice. That'd just add more uncontrolled variables. What they need to do is stop assuming they can disassociate effects from a superposition with a trend fitted by eye. This is about equivalent to saying, "I've stopped beating my wife." only almost everyone beats their wife in the scenario. It's not that you've done good. You've just stopped being bad. Why does your personal website need sponsorship at all? Why should people pay you for it? This commercial mindset is very weird to me. Nope. In space there would be even more thermal effects (due to varying amounts of sunlight). Then there's also photon pressure, uncontrolled outgassing, the variable ram pressure of the upper atmosphere due to it's changing height with the EUV output of the sun. As of right now the claimed effect is smaller than the thermal effects even in the lab. You put it in space and it'd be impossible to untangle the tiny real effect, if it exists, from all the other forces superimposed upon it that are much larger and literally impossible to predict the time variation of. So we should applaud pro dancers when they announce on a public forum that they're no longer selling your dance-viewing habits to marketers? Like I said, it's not good. It's just less bad. This is attention seeking for commercial reasons. After looking around a bit it's clear this is not a personal website. It's a promotional commercial website for this guy's workshop and speaking business that uses the 'blog' format for some of the content. I'm not denying the effort or the quality content in some of his posts. I just see no reason at all to celebrate him here. If there were any DA with integrity they'd drag the agents involved in this to a grand jury to get the evidence and code, then indict them put them on trial as the criminals they are. But it won't happen because no DA would ever go prosecute anyone from the FBI unless the orders came from some politically powerful source. Too much risk to their career and of backlash. Yep. The author, Appelbaum, is no longer with Tor after falling victim to one of the many successful culture-based attacks on privacy and free software groups in 2015/2016. If you want that you can use the Pale Moon browser. It's a very fast, non-bloated, fork of Firefox that has significantly diverged from FF. See https://www.palemoon.org/technical.shtml for details and in particular why they don't support WebRTC. At that point you should basically only be using the hardened tor browser based off (currently) Firefox 38. https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-browser-65a6-hardened-r... Sounds like your a bit behind that times. Pale Moon 27 is a rebase from FF 38 which has WebRTC. I'm not sure why we should trust your claims, already shown misinformed, when the developer's page states something else. The PM community is basically in consensus in not wanting WebRTC. As for external PDF readers I'd argue that avoiding the push for integrating or redeveloping more and more external applications into a browser is very sane. Again with the FUD? I've witnessed the last couple big 0-day discovered by the Tor people were patched in Pale Moon before Mozilla pushed out theirs for Firefox. edit : I'd reply to your response below normally but apparently I don't get to reply to any comments on HN anymore. The reply button has disappeared. When I log out of my 5 year old/458 karma account it's back. I guess my opinion isn't wanted here. You have a good point there. I bet a least a couple of those are present. But you've also completely missed my point. When looking through the FF known vuln list the vast majority are for things like WebRTC, WebGl, and other attack surfaces that Pale Moon intentionally avoids. Bitbucket has been taken down but someone made a torrent/magnet of opera12v15presto.tar.gz, magnet:?xt=urn:btih:C34ZPHM4A27XDGR5QYMZHPIBNYJ5A6EAC34ZPHM4A27XDGR5QYMZHPIBNYJ5A6EA Finding an arbitrary 8 character onion with scallion is easy even on a video card from 2009 (ATI 5770). You don't need fancy hardware for this. That said you could use an Amazon GPU instance for a handful of cents an hour and run scallion there. Cloudflare is doing this AMP crap too. If a cloudflare user enables AMP on his site then links from their domain to yours will trigger a visit of Mozilla/5.0 (compatible; Cloudflare-AMP/1.0; + https://amp.cloudflare.com/bot ) AppleWebKit/534.34" which then mirrors the content from your domain and re-hosts it on Cloudflare servers. Then whenever someone goes to the Cloudflare user's website and clicks a link to your website they'll instead be fed a version of the page from Cloudflare and you'll never see that traffic. And since you (or me, in this case) don't have a Cloudflare account you can't get any response from Cloudflare support to get them to stop re-hosting and serving your content from their servers. It's not even that I was using unsigned extensions before I switched to Pale Moon. It's more that I was tweaking a good portion of the extensions I did use by popping open the xpi if required, changing a bit, then loading again. Firefox's decision completely prevented that. I wasn't going to ask Mozilla for permission (every time!) to tweak. And beyond that Pale Moon's exclusion of bloat technologies (webgl, websockets, etc, etc) and performance for >>tabs sessions just fits my use case better. Developer edition is an alpha. I don't use unstable versions of browsers for my daily driver. Yep. And if you don't like it they (Google/Mozilla) tell you to use the developer's version. As if using an alpha was an acceptable option. > Extension signing is not forced though, can be toggled from about:config. Unfortunately that is no longer true. Their argument was that users could be tricked to disable it, or run extensions that disable it. So to cater to the lowest common denominator user they completely removed the option for all users of Firefox. The alternatives are the non-Firefox (unbranded) Firefox builds or using an alpha version of Firefox (developer version). Everyone misses weatherspark. It's been a year since they went down and there's still no replacement for their historical weather viewer. I know they decided to stop because their flash based API for the radar map was depreciated but even just the historical and predicted line plots of weather data I'd pay money for. Ventusky is no weatherspark replacement and I don't think the models they're drawing their data from would work for one. I received the same sort of self contradicting response from Cloudflare. Their AMP bot mirrors and rehosts any pages one of their subscribers with AMP enabled links to. And their FAQ is so badly written it seems like english may have been their second language: https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/11500063530... >Will Accelerated Mobile Links if the AMP links are pointing to content publishers who are not part of Cloudflare customers? >Yes. Only the discovery site (the website that has the links to AMP content) needs to be a Cloudflare customer. When I saw their AMP-bot in my server logs I emailed them about this. 2 weeks later I finally managed to talk to a human. That was about 4 days ago and they still haven't responded. If you're not a Cloudflare customer they don't care that they're re-hosting and serving your content. Yeah. After I saw the bot I added it to my robots.txt and I blocked all of Cloudflare's IP ranges to the server. But the bot had already come and gone. And the email I'm waiting back on from Cloudflare is about what to put in the robots.txt since it's not on the FAQ page. As of right now I'm trying, User-agent: Cloudflare-AMP Disallow: / Nothing exists in total vacuum. Check out early 20th century Russian cosmism: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_cosmism >The Earth is the Cradle of the Mind—but one cannot eternally live in a cradle. And the 5 GHz ISM (wifi) band is being infiltrated by LTE-U from telcos. This is despite the fact that it causes loss of 80%+ of channel capacity when sharing with wifi. The telcos are doing everything they can to wipe out public wireless connectivity. It's worthless? So why are telcos are forcing their LTE-U into it then? It doesn't propagate very far? So how come it interferes with weather turbulence sensing and DFS exists? You basically refuted yourself. As for why not? That was the entire point of my comment: because it radically reduces the channel capacity of existing public wifi systems due to them sensing it and shutting off to not interfere. Paid telco LTE-U with it's proxied to uselessness "internet" without any control or ports is no replacement. It's deployment hurts us all and the only good it does is create more profit for telcos. They're requesting to run commercial services on public spectrum. As for directional antenna, the antenna doesn't effect propagation, which is a function of wavelength, which is what we were discussing. Obviously having more of the signal directed in one direction mitigates the marginal propagation at higher frequencies. But a sector antenna isn't exactly omni and down-tilt to limit cell horizon is still going to include lots of people and buildings. Your scarecrow argument about webserver on a phone as the only reason for having a real connection is either laughable or intentionally disengenuous. There are a million other reasons from privacy to p2p and beyond. And lets not forget that all wireless telcos have absurdly low data caps; that's the primary reason most people switch to wifi instead of staying on their LTE connection. Well, you've stated the solution. Don't have a gmail account. Don't have a facebook account. Don't use centralized services. It's not that hard once you start. All of your arguments in this thread have been assuming that what is best for mobile users is the only aspect that matters. The 5 GHz ISM spectrum, for wifi or otherwise, is used by people at home more often then while traveling. Mobile is not the only thing that matters. I have seen paid wifi hotspots. Luckily they don't absolutely destroy the wifi thoroughput like LTE-U does so I don't mind. Have you ever seen a free LTE service? A real world example is my use of the Retroshare (application) for encrypted communcations. It uses the DHT network to bootstrap and requires accessible ports as do many other completely legit protocols. Not using centralized services to communicate takes lots of bandwidth and it takes real internet access, ports and all. It sounds like you picked bad wifi equipment for your home network. Here's a mirror that works with javascript turned off: http://archive.is/nE8xx Says the guy who choses to use a centralized Medium web service to host his words. Unfortunately this will not work. That isn't to say that the construction, placement, and powering of an artificial magnetosphere at Mars-Sun L1 is infeasible. It can totally be done with today's tech and modest meter scale superconducting rings. Mini-Magnetospheric Plasma Propulsion (M2P2): High Speed Propulsion Sailing the Solar Wind ( http://earthweb.ess.washington.edu/space/M2P2/STAIF2000.PDF ) probably represents the core concept. Except instead of trying to go somewhere you stay where you are. The M2P2 paper says a 10cm diameter superconducting coil can divert solar wind in a bubble up to 20 km in diameter. It wouldn't take too much to scale that up. Of course diverting that much solar wind would create a force on the object. In the paper above that force is used to accelerate a craft. It'd be some handful of newtons at 20 km and linearly more to do what this project wants. One way you might get around that is to "lean into" the wind by going down the sun-side of the L1 halo orbit and allowing the force from the diverted solar wind to counter the sun's gravity's acceleration. But for the vast majority of the lost Mar's atmosphere the kinetic energy needed to achieve escape velocity is not from impact with solar wind ions or other solar wind related/magnetic field means. All those hereafter referenced under the umbrella term "jeans escape". Instead the majority of the kinetic energy needed comes from the ejected electrons from the sun's light ionizing the upper atmosphere. That ejected electron has quite a bit and it is distributed to the ions it later interacts with and as those ions interact with others. If there was no solar wind at all the rate of atmospheric loss at Mars would drop but not significantly if the sun still shone upon it. That isn't to say that, having no magnetosphere, Mars (or Venus) does not lose an additional small amount of it's atmosphere to jeans escape mechanisms. But that amount is limited due to the currents created in the upper atmosphere by photoionization creating their own local magnetic field. That creates a bow shock about the ionopause which slows the incoming solar wind down such that it's constituent ions no longer have the energy needed to deliver the boost required for escape. And because of the induced magnetic field other solar wind magnetic field based mechanisms which would pick-up the ions ionized by the sun's light are mitigated. I love the idea of this but it isn't going to make Mars have a decent atmospheric pressure in just some years. On a (much) lighter note, I was thinking if you put these artificial magnetospheres all over the inner system and then coordinated turning them on and off you could "paint" the termination shock surface of the heliosphere with different scales of tubulence in charge density. It'd be a multi-hundred AU wide screen visible only from very far away with sensitive polarimeters (detecting the changes in lines of sight charge density through faraday rotation). Might be a decent way to METI since it'd not require much energy or high angular resolution at the other end. tldr : It's technically and economically feasible. But it doesn't work like suggested for atmospheric protection because almost all the mass loss is from light caused photoionization, not the solar wind (and other Jeans escape mechanisms). Yeah, I just think the concept is intrinsically cool which may be a bit of a http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2011-08-08 issue. Taking it even further (and more absurd) the interface between the heliosphere and the interstellar medium (ISM) lets in matter mostly along a curved path at the bow who's size and orientation is defined by the relative magnetic vector orientations of the heliosphere and the ISM. This was a recent discovery by the IBEX interstellar neutral atom monitor. If you could get the artificial magnetospheres to influence the magnetic field around the region in the bow where this happens (by controlling the magnetic field in the plasmoids your artificial magnetospheres sends off with the wind) you might be able to control the direction interstellar neutral atoms come in at. And that'd allow you to apply arbitrary (small) force to the entire heliosphere and control direction over very long time periods. But that's so back of the napkin I doubt it's actually feasible. Skip to 1:36:00 for the start, 1:40:00 for the actual details. https://livestream.com/viewnow/vision2050/videos/150701155 There's also this very short pdf release which has no interesting detail. http://www.hou.usra.edu/meetings/V2050/pdf/8250.pdf You can though because the reason they don't want to go into the details is that it wasn't targeted hacking. You can't target individuals on privacy maintaining networks like tor, i2p, freenet, gnunet, etc. You have you hack very large groups of people indiscriminately. That's why the FBI made changes to their procedural rules at the start of this year saying they could hack anyone who obscures their point of origin. Now they can get a single warrant and hack millions of people with it and it's still "okay". To be clear: they weren't just hacking "suspected pedophiles". They were hacking a huge population of people then sorting through after. Just like an attack on yahoo. Put your blog on on .onion address on the tor network. I get far more traffic from within tor to my hidden service than the exact same copy of the site on run on the clear web. Probably a fifth or so based on watching logs when I kept them (I do not keep logs now for the hidden service). But even accounting for that I get more human traffic to the tor hidden service. The list of public, interesting, tor sites is low. So if you get your site included in any of the curated lists it funnels a ton of both bot and human traffic your way from curious explorers. Tor hidden service public websites are like how the web was in the mid 1990s. Web rings, curated lists and indexes, and people literally surfing the web. It's really refreshing and non-commercial. Unless all these fancy new text to speech engines are released as actual software instead of cloud services they're worthless. And we all know that isn't going to happen. And only the most recent, large scale, implementation of the concept. I recall these pixel wars pages being popular in the early 2000s. Back then you made perl scripts to automate it. Now they (r/place teams) use python. Not much has changed. And I don't know if the author of the ars piece was just ignoring them or not, but there were plenty of dongs and other typical vandalism throughout. There's actually strong evidence now that both short term and long term episodic memory and encoded at the same time (immediately) by separate systems, http://science.sciencemag.org/content/356/6333/73 It's just that, when things are working right, long term memory only becomes consciously accessible days later. If you believe accessing a URL manually, incrementing a number in a URL, or using wget is a hack, yes. At least you'd be in agreement with the US Dept. of Justice in that. The web is open. If you put your a chair out in a public square with a sign on that back that says, "Only paying members can sit." don't be surprised when someone random sits in it. Better at running Javascript "Apps" than rendering HTML. The UK's doing it, http://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/05/04/uk_bulk_surveillance... I don't think the theoretical maximum is wrong. It's just that the ion implantation can't be scaled up, doesn't work for bulk materials, and results in only ~40% of the material in the desired Iron Nitride form which has that theoretical limit. This is pretty cool. I just wish these recent "improvements" to the archive.org site weren't also associated with a massive decrease in accessibility and usability. The switch to a javascript-rendered site frontend has made using the wayback machine pretty much inaccessible to all but the most modern and bloated of browsers. Emails to support about keeping the old site going at an alternate URL or fixing fall-back rendering/operation for no-JS have been met with silence. I guess I'm just not in the demographic archive.org is targeting now despite being a heavy user for more than a decade. It's not the backend guy's fault but it does mean lots of us won't benefit from any backend improvements. file.pizza requires WebRTC support so I can't use it. It won't work because ISP are slowly but steadily turning home internet connections to one way flows. It starts with data caps and ends with IPv4 exhaustion and every single account behind Carrier NAT. The type of internet where anyone could host and interact freely with other parts of the internet are already past. People just haven't realized it. It'll be Internet TV. As someone that switched to Pale Moon (FF fork) because of the loss of large tab session performance in post-v30 builds this is great to hear. Now all they have to do is kill the walled garden and Firefox might be worth trying again. Cloudflare's AMP cache is even worse. If someone goes to a website behind/rehosted on Cloudflares AMP that has a link from that site to a third party site (say, yours or mine) that third party site will be spidered and also rehosted on Cloudflare AMP. Then when someone goes to the intentionally Cloudflare AMP site and clicks through to your site your actual domain never gets the hit. Instead all traffic remains within Cloudflare and you never see it. Additionally, after 2 months of trying to contact anyone at Cloudflare about this exact situation happening with the most popular page on my domain (saw the cloudflare AMP bot in the logs) I still can't get a real person. Their support is attrocious. If you're looking for more weird aircraft try https://www.reddit.com/r/WeirdWings/top/ Are you trying to tell us something https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=chenster ? I can't figure out what it is. Something about social media... > Pournelle claims that he heard at a science fiction convention that you (chris) had said that the real reason his account was flushed was that ``he (pournelle) is a fascist.'' Given the current political climate, this could raise some sort of ruckus, so it would probably be good to nip this in the bud. Nice to know the internet hasn't changed that much. I run two ubiquiti nanostation M900 at home on a 10m pole and in my car through the sunroof for a mobile data link. Both use custom made omnidirectional antenna. Because my area is very hilly it's super intermittent but when it does work it's fast. The ethernet bridge in the car is shared to devices with either ethernet to the switch or 2.4GHz wifi with a tiny openwrt router. As with all VHF and higher data comms what matters most is antenna height and line of sight. I can get 3km fine up on a big hill or lose signal only 300m away from home in other directions. It's no more hijacking CPU than the new normal 'web app'-style of webdesign that can't even render text without JS. This seems like an excellent way to monetize popular websites in a minimal impact way. And best of all since it's mining Monero all the transactions will be private. The important issue here is what exactly do they mean by Fast 5G. In many cases what they mean is femtocells using the very same frequency range as existing consumer wifi routers. The instant one of these femtocells starts operating around wifi the routers in the area will drop thoroughput drastically (ie, 80%+) due to their channel usage sensing. Lets be clear: this is attempt to use capture and use public spectrum by pushing things like home/building wifi out and forcing everything through centralized telecom. No more than the existing trend of 'web app' entirely Javascript rendered websites. My solution to both is very simple: I run JS only from white-listed domains. Sure this breaks many sites but, well, fuck those sites. It's a big change. Telco-provided wireless internet connections are not actually real internet connections. Half the time you don't even get a real routable IP address and nearly 100% of the time you don't get ports or even the ability to forward them. And that's not even mentioning the horrible data transfer limits and traffic shaping. Whereas home connections are real, have real IPs, and have full ports that you control and generally have at least a few hundred GB of data transfer with no traffic shaping. Anyone have a mirror of this text that isn't behind a walled garden? This article tries to imply that the millimeter wave spectrum was somehow undervalued and that now it will perform magic. But it won't. It's all line of sight and it won't go through walls. So yeah, they'll fall back on to stealing the appropriately highly valued public spectrum. Eh, I appreciate it. After all, what worth is the thread without the content to discuss? Good to have it front and center. > all major platforms No IRC. >In my case, that quite rapidly exhausted my curiosity. I've been exploring the world of radio emissions with rtlsdr since 2013 ( http://superkuh.com/rtlsdr.html ) and I'm still finding plenty of new things to do. IMO, the newest cool stuff with rtlsdr are computational hacks to align multiple non-coherent receivers in time to do distributed direction finding and the like. This isn't really a political issue despite the linked articles stance or your response. What both say is true, but politics isn't the motivation. It's general gentrification and pushing away the potentially controversial in order to bring in more ad money. I personally noticed it first when all the machining channels that discussed homemade firearms were demonitized. The difference in this case is that the claims made by op's article are legally actionable under protected class laws. https://www.rtl-sdr.com/tracking-wildlife-with-tdoa-directio... See also, https://ptrkrysik.github.io/ Everything is a violation of the CFAA. It's just a matter of who it is rocking the boat. They could just as easily make a ToS that would make it a violation of the CFAA to disable the monero miner. I don't see any problem with crypto-miners on pages for revenue though. They're no more resource stealing or annoying that the typical JS 'web app' that pass for websites these days. Even worse, it's a walled garden. You can't edit or make your own extensions without getting each change approved by Mozilla first. They say to use the alpha(dev) or unbranded versions but the former is unstable and the later has no packaging or language support. > Not letting "normal" users accidentally install I strongly disagree. Browser functionality for everyone shouldn't be gimped to protect a small subset of users from themselves. >"is unstable" isn't a good reason to avoid it. I'm not holding a controversial opinion in thinking that alphas are generally buggy for significant subset of the userbase. I get that it might work fine for you but there's a reason aurora isn't release. Also, http://www.panoradio-sdr.de/tdoa-transmitter-localization-wi... No repository, anywhere, has unbranded Firefox packaged up and with updates. If you want to run it that means manually downloading it and changing system config by hand each time there's a patch or version increment.