To participate, you can donate here: https://givedirectly.org/give-basic-income (They're also listing fee-less Alternative Donation Options there, but I can't quite figure out how to use those to donate to this specific experiment.) I mean... AirBnB or Uber? If some of them set up schools or other things that benefit the local community as a whole, wouldn't that be far better than someone developing some app or something and probably moving to the West and earn shitloads of money? Depends on how casual :P But probably not. (Edit: Note: I mean you don't _have_ to. You might like the performance increase, but if you only use it casually, even that might not be worth the trouble.) Not perfect, but: https://whispersystems.org/blog/signal-desktop/ React's virtual DOM has a far smaller performance impact than the web components polyfills have... Matching Firefox in functionality is quite an undertaking, so for the short to mid term, the former is far more likely to be successful. That said, I think Servo has a bright future ahead as well, even before the long term. For example, matching the functionality of embedded rendering engines for hybrid apps is far more likely, and Servo has its speed as a major advantage over the competition. And who knows, it might make it into Firefox for Android :) > Good journals, in theory, are more selective about what they publish It should be noted that this selectivity is not just on quality, but also e.g. on how "groundbreaking" the results are. This results in papers in top journals actually being retracted more often than in others, since they're more likely to be false. Because there are more than a single one :) Obligatory: https://xkcd.com/927/ I wonder if, in a year or two, this will affect the Impact Factor of these journals - i.e. will their articles be cited less often now academics have (theoretically) no access to it? And then a few years later, will this the number of articles submitted drop as well? (Assuming, of course, that no agreement will be reached at all.) By boycotting? I think I dislike underworking as much as overworking. If they get to "as good as", they have the advantage of being open source. This could convince _some_ projects. Next step: make it open http://www.hackertyper.com/ I do seem to recall that processing happens locally, which would give it an edge over at least Google Now (and possibly Siri, as I don't know how that works). In my case, it's "I'm not uneasy about thinking about what happens to my body after I'm dead, but I'm uneasy about 'tricking' people who might actually be uneasy about it". Where I think "I'm uneasy" is understating a feeling of which you might not understand the intensity if you're not feeling it that way. Work is an especially odd situation as "your way" is not necessarily to benefit you. Oftentimes, you both have the same goal ("what's best for the company"), but you disagree on how to reach that ("A is best" vs "B is best"). Once you realise and agree on that, conflicts become easier to resolve. > Hell, I can't even use the terminal for a single session without accidentally triggering the App Launcher several times. Pretty sure that has to do with you being used to different keyboard shortcuts, not with any inherent properties of the terminal app. I'm currently experiencing this the other way around (working on OS X being used to Ubuntu), and struggling with it as well. Reading the Netflix engineering blog now and then, I do appreciate how many of their engineering decisions also take into account the effect it will have on their colleagues, i.e. "does this change affect how quickly/independently our engineers can do stuff"? I think I usually get full articles, but also _all_ comment replies by that author. That gets old quickly as well. Set DuckDuckGo as your default search engine and you don't even need to do any configuring. You can then just type `!wiki India` or `!gi birds` or any other !bang: https://duckduckgo.com/bang - It allows you to easily delete a line without needing to also modify the line before. - It also makes your diffs cleaner. With the latter, if you add a line, you'll also have to inspect the `radius: Float` line when doing a code review, even though it only added a comma. I see what you're saying, but since I really strongly think my being skeptical guards me from missing falsehoods regardless, I'm not going to take this. > How would a typical user know that? I think that's basically the main problem: there is no way to get a typical user to understand security implications of anything without having that user give up before reaching that point... "Someone I know" Sorry, it was a joke, but guess I didn't layer it on thick enough - I was exactly demonstrating your point :P I think machine learning applied to health care is how we will finally be convinced to take implants that monitor us and upload data about our bodily functioning to the cloud. Spectacle does so as well: http://formidable.com/open-source/spectacle/ When presenting code, Spectacle [1] i.c.w. spectacle-code-slide [2] is pretty sweet, although a bit messy to set up (but that's true for revealjs as well). [1] http://formidable.com/open-source/spectacle/ [2] https://github.com/thejameskyle/spectacle-code-slide > after even a few moments of consideration While your general point might be right, this is an unfair implication. They've gave it plenty of consideration, considered with many, many people, and did so all in the open: https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ They've tested it with "regular" people that fall into their target audience, so it probably works well enough for that. https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ They did do focus groups, apparently your concern wasn't actually a problem: https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ Excellent overview. I wonder if the author also had a reason for skipping tslint, other than perhaps not knowing about it? Edit: Also, why do fewer and fewer sites have an RSS feed? :( Well, it's about as accurate as calling Apple and Facebook "unstoppable juggernauts". You decide how accurate that is :) Nice article. One question though: > Perform a second ‘validation’ test repeating your original test to check that the effect is real Isn't this just the same as taking a larger sample size? So basically, it means waiting a while before performing the test again? Since "larger sample size" mostly just means "keep the test running for longer", so the difference is that in that case, the "second" test is very close in time to the "first" test? So what would the conclusions be in the two-test and large-test case? My assumption would be that if one of the two tests would fail, then the correlation in a large test would also have been so low as to mean no effect? Right, thanks. And am I correct in thinking that your final sentence before the parentheses means that two medium tests are worse, because you don't want to filter out likely failures? > be mad at the widgets, not the pushing-you-to-not-be-awful I think the point was: be mad at both :) > This shit is important for increasing investor confidence in countries with nascent court systems and political systems used to corruption and nepotism. Isn't it up to a country to make itself attractive to investors, i.e. by not pulling all that shit? Maybe an algorithm that ranks based on number of unique contributors in the past month or so? I would guess the Elm is used more often than Scala.js. But then again, I have no data :) I think the more likely explanation is that Google withdrew* once it became clear that Chrome was far more popular. This same event led Mozilla to do some soul-searching (aka user surveys, etc.) as to why they were losing users, and what their USP was compared to Google - privacy is one of them. * Note that "withdrew" might also mean "offered less money than before because Firefox had less users than before, and Yahoo! offering more. In case your comment reminds others: https://donate.mozilla.org/ :) https://xkcd.com/1172/ Yeah, I use XPrivacy, but this makes it really hard to know which things I should allow and which I shouldn't... Additionally, if you really want to get productive, you'll also need to get to know which libraries/frameworks to use, and how to use them (idiomatically). This is the most time-consuming tasks, I think. If people entered their good passwords on your site without noticing that it was unencrypted, then great, they should now consider that password compromised... As a user, as soon as I notice it's unencrypted, I'm _going_ assume the password is also probably not encrypted nor salted, and other users will probably have done so. (Of course, even better would be a different password per site, but...) Hmm, so let's say I'm hosting my static files on S3. I've currently got CloudFlare setup in front of it but that apparently doesn't help. Anything I can do other than not using S3? You could not uninstall IE, but at least you could install Firefox on Windows. You can't use any truly different browser than Safari on iOS, so until that's possible, I'm hating on it as much on iOS as I hated on IE on Windows. Even if it's lagging behind less than IE did, I still strongly dislike being at Apple's mercy rather than the users'. Still not supported by IE, I'm afraid :( It's surprising he got away with the term "webmasters". Right, so I've currently got CloudFront in front of it, but doesn't that move the problem? Now the connection between CloudFront and S3 is unencrypted. (I'm probably understanding this wrong, but I'd like to understand why.) I do think learning React taught me a lot of fundamentals. I think the idea is that this isn't used directly - although of course, we'll have to see that it won't. The mindset is that of the Extensible Web: https://extensiblewebmanifesto.org/ Basically, a lot of work is currently being done on WebAssembly and wasm.js. This means that languages will be compiled for browsers, and some of those will need/want parallelism. The question is: what do they need for that? Shared buffers allow for constructs to be built on top to explore what primitives are needed for parallelism for compiler targets. Heh, while I see your point to some extent, you can't really argue there's any (popular) browser that does this better than Firefox :) Why include Mozilla in those parentheses? The disadvantage is that if your rewrite branch is halfway finished, you _can_ merge in the latest main branch, but if you do the reverse (which is exactly as much effort), you're blocking the other developers until your rewrite is done. I think that in this case both are possible, since the sentence can be interpreted to refer to either the percentage or the applications, as you point out. Take it with a grain of salt as I'm not a native speaker either, but non-native speakers are also often more conscious about grammar ;) Also note that every browser that supports grid also supports @supports: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@supports This means that you can start implementing it today for modern browsers, and then remove the old one once you are ready to ditch old browsers. SF projects should be about promoting openness though, so if "ease of governments" also means "making the government more transparent", that might be an option. Actually, if a browser did support grid but not @supports, wrapping your grid in @supports would result in the grid rules not being used. True, in that case you're screwed :) It's more like "I make binoculars, but so many of my potential buyers are in a walled garden that only allows them to see half as far as the rest of them". Because all websites with cool features like working offline don't have those features on the iPhone. Or at least, I hope this will soon be the case. Sadly, it not working on the iPhone will probably mean it's often not worth investing into at all. Note that GitLab is a for-profit company as well. It's just that it aligns better with the open source values. ...and keep it up (sorry, couldn't resist :P) > the guys you're entrusting with keeping your code safe. To add to the other replies: I'm not trusting them with keeping my code safe (everybody has copies on their own computers). I'm trusting them with facilitating my workflow, helping me collaborate, and also to keep my issues etc. safe. So yes, this can have a relatively large impact in terms of not being able to work as efficiently for a day and potentially losing some issues, but nowhere near as disastrous as losing all my code. > (I know the "real solution" is "use a frontend framework and write front-end-unit-tests instead", but usually you're writing the acceptance tests for something that already exists). Eh, GUI tests definitely have their place, although they can be far less specific than your unit tests. They're pretty great for quick and regular confidence checks. Anyway, TestCafe says it doesn't use Selenium, but I haven't tried that yet: https://testcafe.devexpress.com/ I very much agree to this. In fact, I'd consider Redux to be more the application of React's ideas to state management than an implementation of Flux: https://vincenttunru.com/A-short-history-of-Javascript-frame... It sounds like Vue is easier for the style of teams working at GitLab, where there are designers that mostly do the HTML+CSS. You might have a point about Postgres being faster than whatever NoSQL database, but there's really no need for all the name calling. Especially the "lazy" is very uncalled for in my opinion - there's just too much to learn, and too little time. If you're a 20-something (or whatever age, for that matter) and have to maintain the entire system of a single company, you're simply not going to be able to be a master of every part of the stack, or even know where you're making the wrong choices. > How is that a valid justification for reinventing the wheel, and poorly at that? I'm not talking about the people reinventing the wheel, I'm talking about the people using the reinvented wheels and not realising that it's a reinvented wheel. > try actually listening to older developers This is harder than you make it sound. On the internet, it's hard to know who to listen to, and in real life, it can be hard to find older developers working on something relevant to you, and even then their skill levels differ. And then they should even want to bother with holding your hand while you're setting up your first database, making sure you don't botch up the performance by not doing things that come natural for someone who's been working with PostgreSQL for years and years. So now I have a list of things I should learn according to a random person on the internet, that no one in real-life ever gave me before. How am I to know that this list is the one? Why not every similar list that has ever been given to me? And how am I going to develop the front-end of our new website after learning everything you named? There'll still be a lot left to learn before I can even hope to have produced something. Maybe you should actually visit a foreign country. It's quite nice here. Well, there's this: https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Server GitLab has this: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/push_rules/push_rules.html#preven... (enterprise edition, admittedly) That could very well be true; I hoped to have phrased my comment in a way that would bring across my uncertainty :) But if you only care about your apps, there's no real reason to run ReactOS. You'd also have to care about free or open source software. It's kind of odd that there's no Dutch version of this article (yet)... That said, I'm glad they're standing up for us. Hmm OK, then it's odd that I couldn't find it, but I guess I'm overestimating by browsing-fu :P Thanks! https://xkcd.com/1172/ I think it's more like customers always being able to display Yelp reviews for the restaurant they're currently standing in front of on their phones or AR glasses or whatever. Mozilla open sources everything, and has an open Internet as its mission? I'd trust them to do that with Pocket far more than Facebook with... Facebook. Luckily caching is not one of the two most difficult things in computer science :) Thanks for sharing, that was an incredible story. I still have warm feelings for the idea that the open map might -will- still win this. A whitelist is sure to get them anti-competitiveness suits, and rightly so. They're both undesirable, but a whitelist is easier to fight. I do wonder why, if they're _really_ fine with that, why they're not fine with browsers with different rendering engines on iOS. Since they're not, I wouldn't have _too much_ faith in other things not being rejected. They already have, to some extent. The only web browser (or, well, rendering engine) allowed on iOS is ones using the WebKit they provide. This is the reason is took ages for Firefox to appear on iOS, and even today isn't actually Firefox and thus can't make use of features usually in Firefox like supporting websites using CSS Grid, or WebAssembly, or Service Workers, or WebRTC, or... > Libraries and tooling can also be a barrier for new developers. I recently built a project using EcmaScript 7 (babel), only to later realize that our junior dev was getting stuck trying to figure out what it all meant. Huge toll on the team’s productivity. While I agree that libraries and tooling an be a barrier[1], I think getting junior devs up to speed with the (latest version of a) language is part of the toll you're accepting when hiring a junior. [1] Although this still holds true if you write the library yourself, so be reluctant in getting rid of libraries that save you more than they cost you. I think it's somewhat of a middle ground. What I think hampers your ability to understand code, next to not knowing what variable names are supposed to mean, is not being able to easily discern variables from eachother, making you do double-takes while reading and thus making it more difficult to understand. If your code is littered with variables like longAndMeaningful and longAndWithMeaning and lengthyAndMeaningful etc, that becomes really annoying to read. And of course, there's a difference between longAndMeaninful and reallyVeryLongWindedAndExplicitButOhSoMeaninful. And let's not start about the FactoryFactoryBuilderEtc thingies. For anyone else annoyed that there's no RSS feed: http://feed43.com/0475703031862353.xml I really hope the music industry isn't going that way as well... But then again, actually writing a code formatter does show quite some respect ;) The browser needn't directly send info to the server; it simply has to be available to client-side Javascript. That can then, in turn, send that info to the server, which (I think) is really hard for browsers to detect. It's interesting how OP says people are moving towards more functional-style Javascript, but also dismisses statically typed Javascript. The two work really well together. That's basically how people have been using email already. By itself it doesn't really have anything to do with it; they're solutions to completely different problems. (That said, I'm not quite sure what you mean by the "problem" of virtual DOM?) What _is_ interesting, though, is having your virtual DOM be the output of a reactive stream, and having a virtual DOM library use that to update the actual DOM. This is the approach Cycle.js takes: https://cycle.js.org/ I can understand if people think it's a fad, but I would expect people who _do_ like it to also like TypeScript :) That said, if someone thinks language designers from the past are idiots, then they also shouldn't like functional programming, as it's at least as old. 7% for Bing? That's huge! (Also, how about DuckDuckGo? I've got the (admittedly gut) feeling that it should at least outperform Ask and Excite.) Reader mode (also Firefox) will probably help as well. Yeah but neither do some of the other mentioned search engines. Apparently DDG just is even smaller than I thought. All the examples you mentioned were communicated pretty transparently in Bugzilla, developer blog posts and announcement blog posts. Just because you disagreed with them doesn't mean that the reasoning wasn't public and that you couldn't have contributed to it. For those who also didn't know: Daring Fireball is apparently a blog about Apple that is authored by jgruber: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Gruber#Daring_Fireball I still don't know how jgruber's comment is supposed to catch the sarcasm, but that's probably something going over my head as well. Edit: From another comment, apparently Daring Fireball is also largest platform to host Deck ads. So here's something I've never quite understood when reading about HATEOAS: > Without hypermedia, the clients would probably have to parse the payload to see if there are some kind of status and then evaluate that status to take a decision whether the order may or not be canceled. In the given example, wouldn't the client still need to check whether there actually is a `cancel` link (and know that it _can_ be there), and decide whether or not to call it? In other words, isn't it unavoidable that there's business logic in the clients? > rather more likely they have some plan for vendor lock-in I think given Canonical's track record, this is a really unfair accusation. Yes, they did not always invest all the effort to make things like Unity work on other distros as well, but the reason for that was always prioritisation of their time (no one else took up and kept up the porting task either), never of intending lock-in. Canonical (and Mark Shuttleworth) have given a lot to the free software community, and these are exactly the disingenuous accusations that have clearly and understandably affected Mark Shuttleworth personally. Yeah, I can't imagine that to be a fun job either... Or he's angry that people were all celebratory for him to stop an investment that he'd done in good faith to improve things. I was already starting to resign having to restrict my CI jobs to skip certain long-running but less-important tasks. But: > The CI usage cap only applies to private projects on GitLab.com. As part of our commitment to the open source community, our goal is to continue to offer unlimited minutes on public projects. Awesome :) Not just for Electron, but also for embedded webviews on Android. Especially considering how Servo seems to be mostly lagging behind in supporting all the tiny edge cases and workarounds necessary for older sites, but not necessarily for modern web apps built specifically for it. And then hopefully people will start to notice that some of those applications are much faster on Android than they are on iOS, and Apple will allow other webviews than WebKit on there. Mozilla is actually working on this for Firefox, and you can try it right now through their Test Pilot extension. I've been using it for a while now and it's pretty great: https://testpilot.firefox.com/experiments/containers That is really nice. There's not much sense in using it on non-Angular projects, as all it adds to Webdriver is stuff to work with Angular's digest cycle. Regular Webdriver should work just fine for writing tests in code as well, and you can use webdriver-manager [1] or selenium-standalone [2] to install Selenium and keep the drivers up-to-date. [1] https://www.npmjs.com/package/webdriver-manager [2] https://www.npmjs.com/package/selenium-standalone > In our current code base we have more workarounds for FF bugs than any other browser This can have several reasons. The one you're aiming at, "Firefox has more defects/divergences from the standards", is probably true to some extent. Another, also likely true, reason, is that your code base is dogfooded in Chrome, and hence, defects/divergences there are less likely to be noticed since they appear to be the standard/correct behaviour. And the same holds true for Safari (and other browsers) on iOS, I'm afraid. Then again, that probably won't be a matter of decades any more. And it's open source to boot! I came across the concept of "Chesterton's fence" a while ago here on Hacker News, which I really like: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Chesterton%27s_fence tl;dr Thunderbird will remain independent, but legally and fiscally be part of Mozilla (rather than e.g. The Document Foundation (of LibreOffice) or the SFC). Also of note: apparently Thunderbird is receiving enough donations, and has been for a while, to give faith that it will be able to manage just fine independently. Good news IMHO. Well, would you want something like this run by someone who has learned that lesson, or by someone who hasn't? :) That actually feels pretty good, and gives a far better impression than the static screenshots. Thanks for sharing! > An analogy would be if VSCode shipped with a fancy CodePlex dashboard by default Or, for example, a "Deploy to Azure" button... I think he means that the wiki is part of Allura, so it's more like a demo. You can try it directly, see here: https://forge-allura.apache.org/p/allura/git/ci/master/tree/ An example is a webmail client, where in offline mode you can schedule new emails to be sent as soon as you get online again, and where you can still read the emails you've read before. That's pretty sweet, especially because they do so without having to eject. Direct link: https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript-React-Starter > Another thing I've noticed is that many cyclists don't shift down before they stop. Heh, I even try not to stop at all, but to slow down a while before approaching the lights in hopes of them turning green before I reach them. Works relatively often. Unfortunately, more and more traffic lights in my town detect when there's someone waiting before changing to green, so you have to paddle all the way up to the light and then stop for a bit. Funny, I don't have personal experience with either, but I'm always reading that Google's customer service is abysmal (i.e. non-existent). But then, maybe you just haven't needed them yet. No problem, I use TS+React too and definitely support this becoming less of an oddity. Luckily, it's moving in that direction already, with e.g. Jest being far easier to use with TypeScript since Jest 20. There's one that I know of, but as usual, less developed. Still, probably worth checking out: https://mycroft.ai/ Yes, as far as I know, storage space is still limited, so you wouldn't want to be storing GBs of offline emails. I'm not sure how enforcing works nowadays - it used to be that old offline data would be culled (I think that was for AppCache), but that might work differently with Service Workers. That's awesome, I didn't even know that was a potentially viable route! Thanks for sharing :) Remaining: - Windows: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1355150 - Mac OS: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1355147 I think Germany is doing pretty well lately. As I saw it, that subreddit was mostly artificially increasing their visibility, and the measures introduced by the admins countered that. So I don't think they're actively trying to reduce the visibility of one political viewpoint, but rather to give it the visibility that is actually somewhat proportional to how much visibility users desire it to have. But it's a difficult problem. Isn't that pretty much what AMP is? IIRC, you don't need a separate version of the page with only AMP on it - Google's cache just extracts only the AMP parts of your page when caching. Or has this changed since I saw it? (And if so, why - that would probably also be an argument against your solution :) ) > You’re not limited to just tags: you can use commit hashes. Since tags, branches and `HEAD` are simply pointers to commits, it's good to know that you can interchange them and commits pretty much anywhere where you can use them (other than creating/deleting tags or branches, of course). As far as I know screenreaders can handle dynamic rendering just fine. Perhaps you just need to mark it as a live region? https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/A... > I hope Mozilla sees that. I hope they take credit, and move on to what's next: privacy and net neutrality. Our privacy is under attack, and Mozilla is one of the few companies that can (and would want to) help. Mozilla _is_ fighting that fight. See their posts here: https://blog.mozilla.org/netpolicy/ > a pre-alpha browser engine, which may or may not eventually replace the engine in a browser that is seriously declining in market share with no reversal in sight. There are other promising applications. For example, it could be used for web technologies-based applications (e.g. hybrid mobile apps, Electron, ...). > This is how cloud services work. > what would it take for you to be comfortable? Not OP, but: it would take for cloud services not to work this way. Regardless of whether Google is going to do anything with this data, the fact that tech-literate people aren't able to prevent just this from happening even when trying really hard makes one wonder how any one could avoid anything. Unfortunately that's quite a hard problem. I'm not saying this applies to Change.org as I hardly know it, but cutting corners doesn't necessarily lead to spending less money. Charities in general often have this problem of having to minimise "overhead" to remain in the public's favour, resulting in overqualified people wasting a lot of their time on e.g. simple administrative tasks because that way it doesn't count as overhead. There's so many ways it is being used, and many of it are seen as useful by consumers, I think. For example, better autocorrect/prediction of the next word you're going to type, smarter text selection, ... > But var, ==, type coercion and co still exist. They all have alternatives, and linters can help restrict you to those alternatives. As a developer, that makes it pretty doable. I presume you too can appreciate why they can't simply be removed. Isn't that exactly what `import()` is? It enables you to not package modules that your app's not using, preventing the dreaded "shipping x MB to your users". You can only do so _thanks to_ the new module system. From the Rollup website [1]: > Since this approach is based on explicit import and export statements, it is vastly more effective than simply running an automated minifier to detect unused variables in the compiled output code. [1] https://rollupjs.org/#tree-shaking > Such a basic feature! As a programmer, I really dislike remarks like this. There are so, so many features that are just as basic as that. All software will have features of this caliber that are not implemented, disregarding the thousands upon thousands of equivalently "basic" features that are. It's one of the browsers he uses. "Know thy enemy" and such :P That's stringly typed, right? That sounds like a huge downside to me compared to the not-so-huge downside of JSX. That said, I quite like hyperscript, especially in this form: https://github.com/ohanhi/hyperscript-helpers Luckily, if you care about letting the user opt-out, you can respect DoNotTrack: http://donottrack.us/ Then you should still be able to win if you're not using any Facebook patents on React. If you do (I have no idea if Facebook has relevant patents on React that would harm you), then consider your allowing Facebook to use your patents a fair deal with Facebook allowing you to use theirs. Maybe > h1(`oh hai ${name}`) is harder to read than > html` oh hai ${name} ` for some people, but even then your editor can understand that that is a function, can tell you when you've mistyped it, can autocomplete it for you, and can give you hints on what arguments it takes (since it has TypeScript definitions). And as a bonus for me, I also find the former easier to read than the latter, but that might just be getting used to it :) No, if you type > oh hai {name} your editor will complain :) > Given a choice, I think 8x4 would be more sensible in terms of benefits. It is, and I'm working 4*9 now which is great for my spare time and great for maintaining proper income/benefits. That said, I very much agree with the sentiment in the article: it feels like cheating the company. The extra hour a day is even less productive. That said, I don't really feel guilty as the option described in the post is not available here. Work is important to me, but my spare time more so. I'm willing to work on a compromise to optimise the two, but then both sides have to bring something to the table (e.g. pay cut from me, more time off from my employer). I always wonder what it is that these apps need that cannot be done as regular web apps, as the web platform has provided more and more controlled ways to break out of the browser sandbox. (This is not rethorical by the way.) I know, but it's a bit like I'm spreading the 4 hours I was "supposed" to do on the fifth day over the four other days, even though they'd be far more productive on the fifth. Since they're just static files, that should be pretty easy to do :) I don't really like the headline. I don't want Mozilla to "win", and I don't think Mozilla wants to either; I want the open web to flourish. That said, the article is very informative, and well-balanced. It was really good of Google and the other browsers to join the wasm bandwagon. And yes, although as the author himself points out, "proclaiming a "winner" is unimportant or even counterproductive", Mozilla does deserve a lot of credit here. > There is a hidden point being made which you would probably agree with. I do, that's the second part of my comment :) That said, I actually read the other headline, but just forgot. So much for my memory... Yeah I actually forgot that >. Mozilla focuses on thousand of other things instead of making FF a great browser. Mozilla focuses on thousand of other things in addition to on making FF a great browser. See project Quantum, WebExtensions (some would argue that it makes the browser worse, but the goal is undeniably to make it better), and Photon. Preferably to the website owner, optionally to Mozilla: https://testpilot.firefox.com/experiments/pulse I'm afraid pretty much every part in the pipeline of getting websites to your computer and shown on screen is a big giant hack of which it's a wonder that it even works at all, most of the time. A complaint you haven't seen, however, is lack of ES6 support - which means it's still baffling that there's so much focus on that. (That said, the complaint was always lack of WebRTC and ServiceWorker support.) In fact, Mozilla is working on that: https://testpilot.firefox.com/experiments/tracking-protectio... > We believe these additions will help us take the next step toward shipping Tracking Protection in Firefox beyond Private Browsing Mode. Look for that study in late 2017. I recently realised that any company taking on Google (e.g. Apple, Mozilla, ...) that is afraid they won't be able to take them on in areas like machine learning or sheer size, is realising, rightfully so, that being pro-privacy is the one thing they can compete on with Google that Google will never be able to imitate. Pretty sweet, actually. > You have a source for that? Well, same as yours: I've seen people ask for that on Hacker News in the past. Of course, there will also have been people asking about WebRTC :) My beef has mostly been with SW though. Of course, with many developers, there will always be some that have asked for one, and some for the other. I highly doubt that someone will chime in saying that they've seen people complaining about lack of ES6 support in Safari, though :) > Maybe there's something in the codebase blocking ServiceWorker. You just don't know. Assuming one thing is being neglected in favour of the other is a huge assumption. Yes, this is true. That's why it's mostly "baffling", i.e. I wonder if something like you described is actually the case, or whether it's a case of different priorities or something. Can't you just not use them if you don't want to, rather than wishing all other people wouldn't be able to use them either? Exactly, I think they figure that if they have to harvest data themselves and try to beat Google at its own game, they have a larger chance of losing than if they concede on quality by not harvesting data (as much), but try to offset that by being privacy-conscious. And yeah, perhaps they'll still be able to do a pretty decent job that might not give them too much of a disadvantage compared to Google. You often see, I think, that with a few years delay many machine learning advancements can be reproduced offline. For those interested: headless is coming to Firefox as well. https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1338004 I think what fooey meant (and what I agree with) is that what has changed now is that those apps exist at all: compared to ten or fifteen years ago, more apps are written now, they work better and on more platforms, and they are updated more frequently. Tools like Electron play a part in that. Sure, we could wish that more effort would be spent while producing just as much. Realistically, though, that's not going to happen, and that's not due to people being lazy. Yes, which is also what the version number communicates: http://semver.org/ Since it's not a major version and Node is pretty good about respecting semver, you can either relatively safely blindly upgrade within the major version, or not care that much about "falling behind". Meanwhile, the fast movement means that people with good use for the changes in this release have fast access to them. The minor improvements are the new backwards-compatible functionality, such as identifying Promise triggers or making fs.Stats times available as numbers. Otherwise yes, you'd be right. The previous major version update was in September 2016: https://nodejs.org/en/download/releases/ > Then try to speak to the public like you would speak to a good friend. I think this works better for some people than for others. When I speak to a good friend, often I'm rambling and not articulating clearly, and I often lose track of the point of my story. It happens far more often than I like that I fail to capture someone's interest, and I definitely don't want that to happen on stage. What makes it better than the other browsers for the average Joe other than being preinstalled on Android? Yeah the point is, it's not slightly - I even lose my friends' interest, and will fall silent 5 minutes later. I just read this on Wikipedia ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yes_(Unix)#Uses ): > In 2006, the yes command received publicity for being a means to test whether or not a user's MacBook is affected by the Intermittent Shutdown Syndrome. By running the yes command twice via Terminal under Mac OS X, users were able to max out their computer's CPU, and thus see if the failure was heat related. I actually consider myself to be pretty good at writing. I think it's mostly that it costs a lot of time and energy for me to articulate properly, to maintain social cues, etc., which leaves little for properly structuring a story. I hope/expect this to get better over time, but it definitely doesn't come naturally unfortunately. Or terrorists (for whatever definition of terrorist) feel they need to "step up their game". I'm already afraid for whatever gruesome thing ISIS is going to think up of next now that carving off someone's head is not considered gruesome enough for immediate media coverage anymore... One thing I (a Dutchman) noticed while in Copenhagen is that all the bicycles I saw were quite fancy! I spend less on bikes than I do on my shoes, and I don't spend a lot on shoes. Of course, you can splurge, but it's very doable to do what I do: buy a second-hand bike for about €50 every two years, and now and then spend a few Euro's on a repair kit to fix a flat tyre. (Or a few more to have someone do it.) > It turns out it's not feasible or desirable to just let arbitrary people make arbitrary queries. GraphQL/Relay and Falcor are trying to make it feasible. And I think it's definitely desirable from a consumer point of view, at least. I believe Schema.org uses (/can use?) linked data that e.g. Google can again use to provide more relevant information about your content: https://developers.google.com/schemas/ This (and basically most PWA's) could use RemoteStorage [1] perfectly, to be independent of Google. [1] https://remotestorage.io/ The reason I said "could" is because it needs a lot more adoption, which is holding it back because it's much less attractive due to lack of adoption. That said, I think the de facto (/only) option is https://5apps.com/ . I also recall that you were able to use Google Drive and Dropbox with the library, but I can't find info about that now... I don't have a 4G contract. It's much better than a dumb phone because I can actually see the messages I'm replying to, and many other features also come in handy, but there's no constant distraction. If my employer wants to pay me for spending time learning that stuff (and making newbie mistakes in their code), then I guess I can live with that. If they don't and still expect me to follow whatever their whim of the day is, then I'm glad I'm in an industry where I can safely say I'd need to look for another job then. I think the combination of introducing new features in a non-overlapping way with the ones they replace, and the use of linters to prevent you from using the old ones, is a pretty good way to improve the language without being affected by backwards compatibility. That's what Dart was supposed to be, in Google's eyes. The problem is both that it needs buy-in from all browser vendors (and the webdev community), and more importantly, that you'll now need to support both Javascript and the new language indefinitely. Especially considering that new mistakes will be made with the new language, and new quirks introduced, that doesn't sound that attractive. Yeah, I said that's what it _was_ supposed to be ;) I think someone on here recently suggested to a project that they provide an "enterprise subscription" or something like that with minor benefits to make it easier for businesses to justify (or maybe it made administration easier?) to "donate". You could suggest that to the maintainer, and then use that to convince business that you need that. No, the main point was that it's > significantly nicer to code for than DOM binding There are other ways to code this nicely, but _those_ are slower than virtual DOM. Real DOM _can_ indeed easily be faster, but that's not nearly as nice to program for. Yeah, we're agreeing :) "Real DOM" can be just as fast if you do all the work React does by hand, but it's bound to be a mess - resulting in the programmer making mistakes that makes it slower. > The first rule of eventsourcing is don't eventsource EVERYTHING. I've heard this rule so often now, but never what exactly it is that you _can_ safely event source. I'm afraid it's something you can only get a feeling for by doing it a few times and making mistakes, but that way of learning is hard to justify in real projects. > unlikely to face any substantial consequences for (at least publicly) standing up to the government Well, they could take a market hit if customers find out they've been acting contrary to their words. Does PHP have linters or something that force you to use the practices you described? I find in Javascript that works pretty well to restrict the language to a sane subset. I recall seeing a comment by reddit's CEO that the new mobile website saw 4x more engagement. That probably gives them the confidence that this will pay off. > See what the other side wants. It's a shame (but understandable) that we're only doing that once they start raping, torturing and killing...