> for the record, it is included when you copy from the URL bar Yes, but this is part of what makes the "feature" so annoying for usability obsessives such as myself. It makes copy & paste work differently in the URL bar than they do everywhere else and in every other application. Normally copy only copies the text you select. Now when you paste you not only paste the text you selected, but some extra, previously unseen text as well. I know that once you hide the " http:// you pretty much have to do copy & paste this way, to avoid people pasting incomplete URLs, but it still feels weird, at least to me... To get Rails running on a Mac, you simply have to install XCode Why? Seriously, even in Java you can get to "Hello World" with just a text editor. You don't need to download Eclipse first. If installing XCode and editing things freaks you out, then you may not be cut out for the level of coding required to actually use Rails I love the idea that someone who prefers emacs or vim over an IDE like XCode is insufficiently l33t for the awesomeness that is Rails. Bzzt wrong. Installing Java is the same as installing Ruby . The JDK doesn't include an IDE. And why do I need a C compiler to work in Ruby, anyway? I assume it's to compile your own version of Ruby. (Which is another way the Java comparison doesn't work -- you need the Java tools to compile your own code , not to compile Java .) But why on earth would a newbie want/need to do that? Rails does run best on a Mac, and there are reasons for that It seems like an odd decision to make the platform for your server-based application run best on an OS that has zero server marketshare... You're probably right. But at least in the Pythonverse that's something you don't run into right off the bat. The first step to getting started with, say, Django isn't "get a C compiler." So to work in Ruby I either need a C compiler or a JVM? Is Ruby really so slow that you can't do "Hello World" in Rails without leaping into a faster environment? At least (he said, heaving a huge sigh) it didn't advise them to run the commands via sudo. That is literally the only nice thing I can say about a "tutorial" that tells people to blindly run code snippets off the net. It's fairly uncommon in Python, at least in my limited experience. Libraries commonly advertise themselves as "Pure Python" to make it clear that they don't require compiling things in C. If your project gets up to very large scale things are probably different, but there's no need to deal with that in a "Hello World"-type tutorial. Or you can just let your distribution's repositories deal with all that for you. On Debian/Ubuntu/etc. Django and mysql-python are both installable via apt. That manages all your dependencies nicely. The versions you get may be a little older than you'd get if you grabbed them from elsewhere, but usually not so much that you'd notice. I know there's been some bad blood between the Ruby and Debian communities about Debian package maintainers not accepting bleeding-edge versions of Ruby software into the Debian repos; that may have been why Ruby went off and built its own set of package managers. Having had experience organizing lots of public speaking/platform events, I can assure you that "please provide milk and sugar" is one of the easiest-to-comply with requests I've ever seen. He doesn't specify that it must be soy milk, or 2%, or half and half. He doesn't say it has to be natural cane sugar grown on the sunny side of a hill and harvested by certified sugar cane naturalists during the summer solstice. He just wants milk and sugar; beyond that he leaves the details to you. Worst case scenario is that he doesn't use them, in which case you're out what, two dollars? That is peanuts compared to what some riders cost you by specifying elaborate A/V and lighting setups, specific vendors and contractors (i.e. friends of the speaker) you have to deal with, luxury transportation and lodging, et al. As to the "what kind of tea" issue, he helpfully solves the problem for you -- he'll bring his own, which he is guaranteed to like. So there's no scenario where your failure to choose the right tea will result in him being tealess. Strictly speaking the only thing you're on the hook to provide is hot water, which is free and easy to scrounge up at short notice. It's really a remarkably stress-free document, as riders go. Several kinds of tea?!? Oh no, anything but that. For comparison purposes, you can download the Foo Fighters' concert rider here: http://www.thesmokinggun.com/documents/celebrity/foo-fighter... Perhaps Stallman's rider would be better received if he had provided it as a coloring book... Just because a biographer had access to the subject doesn't mean the biography is necessarily better. "Authorized" biographies are notorious for slanting favorably towards their subjects, papering over their flaws and building up their good points. Sometimes that's just a byproduct of spending a lot of time with someone; you can't spend all those hours with a person without starting to see things at least a little the same way they do. Other times it's a condition they had to agree to in order to get that access in the first place. I'm not calling this biography slanted -- how would I know, I haven't even read it yet -- I'm challenging the assertion that a biography written with access to the subject is automatically better than one written without it. Wow. Good catch. When the main element of an app's pitch is that it looks great, it removes a lot of the cool factor to find out that the look was achieved by dropping in a canned theme. The crazy thing is that you hear people talking about how they've "started a company" when they haven't figured out how to make their new operation do the primary thing a company does, which is MAKE MONEY. If you're not making money, you're not a company. You're a collection of people that might be a company, someday. You're right. What does imply the other is the disproportionate percentage of African-Americans in the prison popuplation, relative to the percentage they are of the overall population (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incarceration_in_the_United_St... ). African-Americans are disproportionately imprisoned in every state; in twenty states, they're imprisoned at five times the rate you would expect by their share of the state's population. But wouldn't you rather pin your mission-critical data to a table and give it a night it will never forget? :-D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2F-DItXtZs This is one of the dumbest things I've ever seen. Many of these folks don't even know what Flash or HTML5 are. Explain the issue to them. Let them know why some websites are built to work on the desktop, while others are built to work on mobile; it's better this way No it isn't. Users shouldn't have to know or care about that stuff. The fact that they do is a bug, not a feature. Kind of like Flash. If you want to visit a similar facility in the US, there's one at the Greenbrier resort in West Virginia: http://www.greenbrier.com/play-here/the-bunker.aspx The Greenbrier bunker was built in the late 1950s/early 1960s as the emergency relocation point for the U.S. Congress in the event of a nuclear war. Its existence was kept secret until 1992, when a Washington Post story revealed it: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/local/daily/july/25/bri... There are other similar facilities from the same era now known to the public, like Cheyenne Mountain in Colorado, Mount Weather in Virginia, and Raven Rock ("Site R") in Pennsylvania, but since those all still have some operational role they offer less access to the public than the Greenbrier bunker (which was decommissioned after the Post story) does. It wasn't an unprecedented decision. Mount Weather in Virginia (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount_Weather_Emergency_Operati... ) was an even bigger project designed to house and protect the executive branch, but it was compromised through sheer bad luck when in 1974 a TWA flight happened to crash into it. Reporters came to report on the crash and were surprised to find this huge, massively secure, fenced-off Federal installation in the middle of nowhere. Mount Weather wasn't shut down after that, but its role as a key relocation point was scaled back considerably. The problem with Mount Weather after 1974 was the same problem as the Greenbrier bunker had after 1992 -- the entire value of a facility like that is dependent on the Soviets not knowing it exists, because hydrogen bombs are so powerful that it's pretty much impossible to build anything that can survive a direct hit. The only way facilities like the Greenbrier, or Mount Weather, or even Cheyenne Mountain could hope to survive in a full-out nuclear war would be if they were secret enough so that the enemy wouldn't target them directly. Thankfully the prospects of full-out nuclear war aren't as bad as they used to be, so the investment in most of these facilities isn't totally wasted; many government leaders were relocated to Mount Weather on 9/11, for instance, when it wasn't clear if more terrorist attacks were imminent, and Dick Cheney is said to have worked for a time in the days after 9/11 out of Raven Rock. Neither facility would survive a direct hit from an ICBM, but when your enemies don't have ICBMs they're pretty much as secure as you can get. I would actually doubt that, myself. The costs of building those structures were enormous, and by 1970 or so hydrogen bombs had become powerful enough and ICBMs accurate enough that it was pretty much impossible to build something that would survive a direct hit. Once that point is reached the only protection that the site has is its secrecy, and it costs the enemy less to hire spies and launch satellites than it does to build a new mountain. It's a losing race. Facilities like these are a remnant of the civil-defense mentality of the 1950s. When the weapons were Hiroshima-style atomic bombs and the guidance systems were a guy 20,000 feet up looking down a bombsight, it was possible to build buildings that could survive an attack. Once you have hydrogen bombs and reasonably sophisticated inertial guidance systems, though, that possibility evaporates. They do mention it in their press release: "HP also will contribute ENYO, the application framework for webOS, to the community in the near future along with a plan for the remaining components of the user space." http://www.hp.com/hpinfo/newsroom/press/2011/111209xa.html?m... > Android had now caught up to it a bit with ICS and their "People" card Not surprising, seeing as how Google hired the guy who designed the webOS UI, Matias Duarte, to lead Android UI development starting with ICS... Not interested enough, apparently! > There is a small park at the very end of the runway where you can watch planes landing that fly just 100 ft above you. It's pretty awesome. Yup, that's Gravelly Point [1]. It's right on the Mount Vernon bike trail that runs from DC to Mount Vernon through Alexandria, so it's a nice place to stop and hydrate if you're riding that trail (and are doing a leisurely fun ride rather than a time-is-the-enemy bike commute). [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravelly_Point Technically there's not a Metro rail line to Dulles, but there is a Metro express bus that runs there -- the 5A bus picks up passengers at L'Enfant Plaza in DC and Rosslyn in Virginia, and then goes straight out to Dulles without any further stops. [1] Rail would be better, since the rail cars are more comfortable than buses and don't get stuck in traffic. Unfortunately given the dysfunctional nature of Metro governance the long-hoped-for rail line to Dulles is one of those things that never actually seems to get any closer to completion. [1] http://wmata.com/bus/timetables/dc/05a.pdf > if I had it all to do again, I'd do many things different > now, as it turns out, I have a chance to do it all again > throwing out what didn't work, and strengthening what does > not feel like you're running a dirty hack Second-system syndrome [1] ahoy! [1] See http://www.the-wabe.com/notebook/second-system.html , http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?SecondSystemEffect , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second-system_effect , http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000069.html , et al > Working with the ASF and the CouchDB community, we hope to integrate the core capabilities of BigCouch into Apache CouchDB. Hopefully this will put to rest the tired (and false) “CouchDB doesn’t scale” meme. This is kind of hilarious, seeing as how the whole reason why CouchDB (and all the other NoSQL databases) exist is because of the "MySQL doesn't scale" meme... I think it has more to do with the usual background of each language's programmers. Perl coders (especially Back In The Day) tended to disproportionately come to Perl from systems administration backgrounds; package management is something that sysadmins are used to worrying about, so they created a strong culture of package management in Perl early on. PHPers on the other hand tend disproportionally to come from web design/HTML+CSS backgrounds, which haven't exposed them to the problems that a good package manager is designed to solve. So package management in PHP has never been a priority. The problem with CMSes that have "all the features you want" is that they have so many features that the average user who just needs to plonk some content down on a page and periodically edit it can't wade through all the features to figure out how to do that. (I don't say this to pick on Plone -- I'm a big fan of the TYPO3[1] CMS, for instance, which does lots of the things that he mentions very well, but the downside to that power is that it's insanely hard for normal people to pick up and use.) [1] http://typo3.org Generally speaking software tends to either start powerful and try to work its way towards usability, or start usable and try to work its way towards power. The latter approach almost always beats the former. A simple but usable product attracts new users, those new users eventually start demanding features, the features eventually get added, the new features make the product attractive to more people, some of those people become new users, they demand even more features, etc. It's a virtuous circle. The powerful but complicated product, on the other hand, doesn't attract new users, and its existing users learn to live with its idiosyncrasies, either because they want to or because their boss orders them to. So there's never enough real pressure on the developers to make it truly usable, which means it doesn't attract new users, which means there's no pressure to make it more usable, etc. It's a vicious circle. WordPress has been pursuing the start-simple-and-get-powerful model, and they've made a lot more progress in that direction over the last couple of years than the start-powerful-and-get-usable (Drupal, Plone, TYPO3, etc.) have at making themselves more usable. Don't be too hard on TYPO3, it has its virtues. For instance, it has the most elegant handling of multilingual content I've ever found in fifteen years of working with CMSes. But for a small single-language site (i.e. 99% of the sites people develop) it's definitely overkill. This is an awesome way to rationalize writing software that nobody uses. > Do not be tricked by default Drupal installation UI Defaults are extremely powerful things. For most users they are all of your product they will ever experience. If your default settings are off-putting, people will feel that your software is off-putting. The defaults are the welcome mat. If the welcome mat is studded with titanium spikes coated with blowfish toxin, you shouldn't be surprised if people aren't eager to walk through the door. I wonder how many people said these same words to Larry Page and Sergey Brin back in 1997. And that was when Yahoo's brand meant something! Devil's advocate checking in... > Greeks have specific needs that Facebook and other sites do not meet. Such as? > At UPenn, the average budget is ~$125,000 a semester, and that's money each house MUST spend. Perhaps, but what fraction of that do they spend on software, social networking or otherwise? A frat budget of $125K becomes less interesting if they spent $110K of that on Natty Light. > CollegeACB had 900,000 hits its 2nd day, now its down. I'm too old to have experienced it directly in school (thank God), but from what I can tell CollegeACB was basically an anonymous message board that got canned when the discussions (predictably, given the "anonymous" part) took a turn for the offensive. Another previous site that did the same thing, JuicyCampus, also failed in much the same way. But neither of those sound like reasonable comparators to what you're talking about anyway, since (1) they were both targeted towards students in general rather than just towards Greeks, and (2) they were free, whereas you're talking about charging. So it's kind of a lose-lose comparison; if your product is like CollegeACB and JuicyCampus, it's likely to commit suicide via user-generated douchebaggery; if it ISN'T like them, those 900,000 hits don't really speak to the existence of a market for what you're selling. > is that the limit in the States or something? It depends.[1] Speed limits in the US are set by states rather than the Federal government, so they vary depending on where you happen to be driving. Larger/less-dense states tend to have higher limits than smaller/denser states do. There was a national speed limit of 55mph put in place on highways in 1974, but it was repealed in 1995.[2] My guess is that they go with 55mph because memories of the national highway speed cap mean that figure is still fixed in lots of peoples' minds here as "highway speed." [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speed_limits_in_the_United_Stat... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Maximum_Speed_Law > How do you get into the Social Networking business and not see this issue coming before the first line of code is written? "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it." -- Upton Sinclair ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Upton_Sinclair ) I would challenge the "sub-$300" qualifier. I had one of those $50 task chairs when I started my business. After nine months I had incredible lower back pain. It felt like I was seventy years old. I'm the cheapest bastard in the world, so I looked long and hard to find a replacement that wasn't that much more expensive, but eventually I ended up biting the bullet and buying a Steelcase Leap [1]. It was expensive -- $900. But looking back on the decision a year and a half later, it was totally worth it. The back pain went away nearly overnight. In other words: on this, don't cheap out. If you're looking for a chair that's going to be your primary work chair, you're going to be spending a significant chunk of your life sitting in it. It's worth spending the money to get something good. It doesn't have to be a Leap, there are lots of options, but resist the temptation to be penny wise and pound foolish. [1] http://www.steelcase.com/en/products/category/seating/task/l... Beyond the Leap (which I recommend unreservedly), here are some other well-regarded options I came across in my search: Haworth Zody (~$700): http://www.haworth.com/en-us/Products/Furniture/Seating/Desk... Steelcase Think (~$700): http://www.steelcase.com/en/products/category/seating/task/t... Herman Miller Aeron (~$800): http://hermanmiller.com/products/seating/work-chairs/aeron-c... Humanscale Freedom (~$1,000): http://humanscale.com/products/product_detail.cfm?group=Free... Herman Miller Embody (~$1,200): http://www.hermanmiller.com/content/hermanmiller/english/pro... If you're open to less traditional seating styles, there's also: Swopper (~$650): http://swopper.com I had a Humanscale Freedom at a previous job and found it kind of stiff and awkward to sit in. YMMV, of course. The most important thing I learned is that it's a huge help if you can find a local store that has several of these so you can sit in each of them and see how they feel. It's a very subjective thing. I'm in the DC area, and a visit to the Healthy Back Store ( http://www.healthyback.com/ ) was a huge help in my decision-making process. But that was my point, I didn't leap directly from $50 to $900. I spent a lot of time looking at the space in between. What I came away with was the impression that pretty much everything under $600 was basically interchangeable junk -- the more expensive chairs in that range were just the cheaper chairs, tarted up with memory foam and the like to justify the higher price. I was thinking more http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070909/ , myself... People who write code are a tiny, tiny, tiny fraction of the overall computer-using population. That fraction will only get smaller in the years to come as mobile devices get cheaper and more capable. Traditional desktop interfaces will survive, but they will survive in the same way that, say, Emacs survives -- as a niche product for that tiny market segment, not as the default way the Teeming Millions interact with their personal tech. I'm talking about percentages. It's not that the population of programmers won't grow; it's that the population of non-programming users will grow more. > Only if one accepts the slippery slope fallacy that they'll eventually remove the "No unsigned code" option. Not at all, for several reasons. First, defaults are powerful things. The vast majority of users never change them, or even become aware that they can be changed. This remains true even if you throw an unskippable dialog box right up in their face -- lots of people will just blindly click "OK" to accept whatever the default in the dialog box is, without stopping to consider the alternatives. The result is that default settings tend to become "the new normal," even when they're sub-optimal. (Example: why did IE6 rule the Web for a decade, despite being demonstrably inferior to the alternatives for most of that time? Because for nearly all users, it was the default. ) This seems especially true in the case of this particular preference, for two reasons. First, it's a technical question ("what's 'unsigned code?'"), which means many users will avoid changing it for fear that they don't fully understand the consequences of doing so. Second, it involves security, and users have been trained that in questions of security departing from "standard operating procedure" puts them at risk, so others will avoid changing it for fear that doing so will expose them to new vulnerabilities. In other words, it's not unreasonable to expect that offering unsigned code will quickly become an infeasible strategy for OS X developers, even if users still have the option to accept such code. The option may be there, but those developers will find themselves marginalized simply for being something other than the default. > For the duration of the company's existence, one of their biggest customer segments has been the creative industry I would have thought the Final Cut Pro X debacle ( http://pogue.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/06/23/professional-video... ) would have served adequate notice to those folks that Apple doesn't consider them an important market segment anymore... Pretend I'm Apple answering these questions for a moment... > Chrome "Safari." > Photoshop/Adobe CS "Creatives? Did you see what we did to Final Cut? Have you noticed how little we talk about the Mac Pro anymore?" > Fusion/Parallels > Text Editors > FTP Clients "We're in the consumer products business, not the 'tools for nerds' business. Ask an XServe customer if you want more information." > Microsoft Office "We could care less if we sell boring-ass business software into enterprises." > Dropbox "iCloud." I dunno, maybe this[1], or this[2], or this[3], for starters. [1] http://www.pcworld.com/article/140182/facebooks_beacon_more_... [2] http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2008/05/canadian-gro... [3] http://www.poynter.org/latest-news/media-lab/social-media/14... Don't think they weren't busy in 2009 and 2010, either: http://consumerist.com/2009/02/facebooks-new-terms-of-servic... http://techcrunch.com/2009/12/09/facebook-privacy/ http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405270230477280457555... https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2010/04/facebook-timeline http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2010/05/facebook-rogue/ That's an example that proves the opposite of your point. You may notice if you watch some older movies (pre-1950s, mostly) that they used to run the ENTIRE credits list at the start of the film. The WHOLE THING. Not just the credits you see at the beginning today, but also all the ones that today are listed at the END of the movie, too. The copyright notices for all the songs they used, the logos for their camera and film providers, the names of all the gaffers and best boys and Assistants To Mr. Bigshot... you had to sit through them all before the movie got underway. They don't do that anymore. Today only a very small number of Very Important People get credited before the start of the movie. Everyone else gets shunted to the end. Why? The answer is TV. When TV came along and movies started getting shown there, they no longer had a captive audience. The audience could now change the channel if they weren't being entertained -- which meant that there was pressure on the filmmakers to GET ON WITH THE DAMN MOVIE. So they moved nearly all the credits to run after the film, rather than before. That was a bit of a blow to all those other folks, of course, since credits at the end of a movie are credits nobody reads -- they're too busy leaving the theater or changing the channel. But it was necessary to conform to the audience's desire that they GET ON WITH THE DAMN MOVIE. Which is Thomas' point: users' expectations are changing. Used to be that it didn't matter that much if your app was slow to load, because users didn't expect it to be fast. But the proliferation of mobile devices and lightweight apps is changing those expectations. So if you care about your users and want to hold on to them, it behooves you to GET ON WITH THE DAMN APPLICATION. Yeah, as audiences' attention spans get ever shorter the pressure to GET ON WITH THE DAMN MOVIE gets ever higher, so filmmakers are always looking for ways to pare down the length of the opening credits or to present them in a way that also starts the story moving. The same evolution has been underway for a couple of decades now with TV shows. Until the early 1990s it was commonplace for TV sitcoms to have a full opening credits reel, complete with a theme song just for that show. Think of the opening of Mary Tyler Moore [1] from back in the '70s, for instance, or Cheers [2] from the '80s; they both became iconic representations of those shows. These intros helped set the tone of the show that followed them. But they generally took a full minute to run, and as the universe of options provided by cable expanded and remote controls became inexpensive, waiting that extra minute for the show to start began to turn off viewers. The push began to GET ON WITH THE DAMN SHOW, and so the traditional musical opening first shrank, then disappeared altogether. Today's openings run much shorter -- 25 seconds max -- and usually include just a couple of title cards and a musical snippet. [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m4-Te1m7fY [2] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FD8ljNobUys The problem is that ICS is the only Android version for phones that includes any of Duarte's magic, and getting ICS out to the huge population of users of existing Android devices is a major problem. Most won't get it at all, and the few devices that will get it are getting it verrrrry slowly. And even if you go to buy a new device today, odds are that it won't come with ICS, and there are few guarantees that it will even get an upgrade later on. That's not really Google's fault -- it has much more to do with the various (crappy) carrier- and device-manufacturer specific customizations having to all be carted over to ICS -- but it does mean that for the vast majority of users the "Android experience" is going to be stuck at 2.x quality until 2013 at least. Which is a shame. Edit: clarified that first sentence refers to versions of Android available for phones. You know, the versions of Android people actually care about. Point the first -- I was talking about Android-on-phones, not Android-on-tablets. Honeycomb was tablet-only. (Given how anemic sales of Android tablets that aren't labeled "Kindle" have been, that seemed like a safe omission.) Point the second -- I thought Duarte was pretty clear on his feelings regarding how Honeycomb turned out in his ICS launch interview with The Verge ( http://www.theverge.com/2011/10/18/exclusive-matias-duarte-i... ): He starts with a qualifier. "Honeycomb was kind of that emergency landing," he says, "You get there, 'phew, okay survived that,' and when we finished that we said 'what's next?'" ... Matias explains further, "Honeycomb was like: we need to get tablet support out there. We need to build not just the product, but even more than the product, the building blocks so that people stop doing silly things like taking a phone UI and stretching it out to a 10-inch tablet." It's obvious that products like the original Galaxy Tab, with a bastardized version of Android for phones, annoyed him. "So that was the mission, and it was a time-boxed mission. Any corner we could cut to get that thing out the door, we had to." That seems like less of an argument for Bioware letting you skip combat in Mass Effect games and more of an argument for Bioware making combat in Mass Effect games not suck. > If that is really the target market, then why bother creating the gameplay aspects? I think this is a function of the economics that rule the game industry today. (Yes, even at BioWare.) The problem is that what used to be a distinct genre of game, the first-person shooter, became so economically successful that now it has become the default template for every type of game. Stories that in the past would have been told in the format of an adventure game, or an RPG, or a strategy game, are now forced into the format of an FPS, for the simple reason that today AAA titles are FPSes, full stop. This leads to all sorts of weird mutant games, such as the Mass Effect titles, where the things the designers want to do jar roughly against the format. You spend most of your time in Mass Effect games running around gathering power-ups and shooting stuff. (Pedantry alert: it's from a third-person perspective rather than first-person, but the core run-cover-shoot mechanics are the usual FPS staples.) Periodically this tedious routine will be interrupted by a brief non-shooting interlude, which happens to be where all the interesting stuff in the game happens. But after a few minutes of that the game pulls you right back to the running and gunning. You can practically hear the game grunting at you through clenched teeth: "This is a AAA title, dammit! You better believe you're going to be running and gunning!" If adventure games were still an economically viable genre, you could imagine Mass Effect making a hell of an adventure game. Rip out all that running and gunning and just focus on telling the story , since that's clearly where the designers' hearts are anyway. But they can't do that, because between publishers, retailers and gamers, the marketplace won't allow it. If you want to make a game with a AAA budget in the 2010s, it has to be a shooter , or at least be close enough that you can argue the point. So you get a bunch of games that try to weld the mechanics of the FPS onto stories that would fit other formats much, much better. (I'm looking at you, BioShock.) This is an exceptionally lame rebuttal. > There is a fundamental problem when any rechargeable battery is discharged and then left to sit for months. Any boat owner understands that that's why you plug in a trickle charger when the craft is put into storage. Yes, it's an excellent strategy to assume that your car buyers will also be boat owners, and therefore know all the things that boat owners know without you needing to explain them. Because who doesn't own a boat, right? Funny how neither the linked post nor Tesla's official statement on the subject [1] mention any of that stuff. That omission is either just monumentally bad PR, or they're not really that fastidious or consistent about educating the customer. (Not that I doubt drzaiusapelord, but if they were, you think they'd be shouting that from the rooftops rather than leaving it to random commenters on HN to explain.) [1] http://www.engadget.com/2012/02/22/tesla-roadsters-ev-accuse... Aaaand nothing of value was lost. From the article: > This is why table-based layout fell out of favor. No. No. No. No it is not. Table-based layout didn't fall out of favor because table cells didn't include enough semantic layout information. It fell out of favor because tables are for tabular data, not layout , and layouts that used them therefore created negative consequences in all kinds of situations where the UA expected a table to actually be a table , such as when accessed by a vision-impaired person using a screen reader. From this perspective a layout using DIVs is always better than a table-based layout, even if the classes and IDs of the DIVs are named presentationally rather than semantically, because DIVs at least are neutral -- they don't carry the weight of a bunch of semantics that are irrelevant or at cross-purposes to what you're trying to achieve. You are correct that a DIV that's named "left-column" is marginally better than a DIV that's named "span4", if only because of the additional semantic information included in the "left-column" name. But either DIV is far, far better than any table-based layout. No, you weren't unclear, you just completely missed my point. Coding layouts in tables is more than just "coding towards appearance." It is misusing a non-appearance-related element , which is worse . The problems I described don't come from "coding towards appearance," and they aren't encountered with DIVs named presentationally rather than semantically. You only get them with tables, because you're abusing the table element by using it in ways that are completely orthogonal to its purpose. I'm not disagreeing that semantically-named DIVs are better than presentationally-named DIVs. What I'm saying is that presentationally-named DIVs are not equivalent to table-based layouts. Table-based layouts are worse than ANY DIV-based layout, regardless of how the DIVs are named. > Uploading your address book to an app is different than posting it publicly because people trust Path their their data. Are you sure about this? Has every Path user really reviewed Path's data security policies and deemed them satisfactory? Do Path users even have access to that information? And if they did, would most of them be in any position to evaluate it knowledgeably? Or isn't it more likely that they trust Path because they don't know the full scope of what Path has access to? Blind trust is easier to extend to someone the less information you're trusting them with, after all. > People don't seem to care until someone writes a blog post that tells them they should care. But that's the point, isn't it? They shouldn't have to care! People shouldn't have to be security experts to use a phone. The phone should protect them by default and make them have to jump through hoops to waive that protection, rather than the other way around. Because there's no way that your data, once uploaded to the app vendor's servers, can ever leak out. Right? No way they are running their operation on the cheap and don't have their servers secured against intrusion. No way they can be inexperienced developers and build an API that leaks information to improperly authenticated requests. No way they can have a disgruntled employee throw a torrent of it all up when he gets fired. No way they can get bought by someone with fewer scruples and hand your data over to them as part of the acquisition. Indeed. War games are about war in much the same way Whack-A-Mole is about groundskeeping. Didn't stop us from going to war in Korea for three years, or in Vietnam for 15-20... Oh, for the days when this industry was run by grown-ups. Ars Technica runs a guide every few months with their recommended components to build a desktop PC at a few different price/power levels. Here's their most recent one, from last December: http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/guides/2011/12/ars-technica-s... Their advice is generally really good, so even if you don't end up buying the exact components they recommend, it's useful for establishing a baseline of what a good custom PC at a given point in time for a given amount of money looks like. As to compatibility issues, if you mean "compatibility with Linux," those sorts of problems are much less common today than they used to be, at least for desktop PCs. Laptops still require some picky shopping if you're planning to run Linux on them (thanks to things like proprietary drivers for wireless radios, grumble grumble), but compatibility with desktop parts is pretty robust. That's a lesson they're supposed to teach you in medical school: primum non nocere , "first, do no harm." ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primum_non_nocere ) "Before we hire you, we'd like you to make a copy of your house keys for us. You know, so we can check in occasionally and make sure you're not doing anything that would make The Company look bad..." The only reason they don't care is because not caring hasn't gotten them burned yet. Sometimes people have to learn things the hard way... > There's an old adage from the cold war that "You cannot show weakness to the enemy." Study how the Cuban Missile Crisis was eventually resolved, and you'll see this doctrine at work. Not really. The "not showing weakness to the enemy" stuff was what nearly destroyed the world in the Cuban Missile Crisis. It wasn't until the Soviet leader, Nikita Khrushchev, sent a long and emotional telegram directly to President Kennedy imploring the President to join with him in taking a step back ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_Missile_Crisis#Secret_neg... ) that a way out of the crisis began to present itself. From Khrushchev's telegram (full text here: http://microsites.jfklibrary.org/cmc/oct26/doc4.html ): Armaments bring only disasters. When one accumulates them, this damages the economy, and if one puts them to use, then they destroy people on both sides. Consequently, only a madman can believe that armaments are the principal means in the life of society. No, they are an enforced loss of human energy, and what is more are for the destruction of man himself. If people do not show wisdom, then in the final analysis they will come to a clash, like blind moles, and then reciprocal extermination will begin... Mr. President, we and you ought not now to pull on the ends of the rope in which you have tied the knot of war, because the more the two of us pull, the tighter that knot will be tied. And a moment may come when that knot will be tied so tight that even he who tied it will not have the strength to untie it, and then it will be necessary to cut that knot, and what that would mean is not for me to explain to you... Consequently, if there is no intention to tighten that knot and thereby to doom the world to the catastrophe of thermonuclear war, then let us not only relax the forces pulling on the ends of the rope, let us take measures to untie that knot. We are ready for this. Kennedy took Khrushchev up on this initiative; what defused the crisis was a secret agreement where the US agreed to remove all its nuclear missiles from Turkey in exchange for the Soviets pulling theirs out of Cuba. But it's not secret from your adversary ("the enemy" that you're not supposed to show weakness to), since you're making the secret offer to him. If anything, the lesson of the crisis is how important it can be to keep from looking weak in front of your friends. Kennedy kept the missile deal secret from the American people for a good reason: he may very well have been impeached had he made it public, and it would have shaken the confidence of our other NATO allies in our overseas commitments if they learned that Kennedy had removed the protection of (obsolete, but still) nuclear weapons from NATO-member Turkey in response to Soviet pressure. And winning even a small concession from Kennedy is probably the only thing that saved Khrushchev from being toppled in a coup by Soviet hard-liners after the Cuba debacle. Sometimes your friends can be the worst enemies of all! Oh, man. I played Borderlands all the way through (once, anyway), and my reaction to all the things Steve praises was exactly the opposite. * I had no idea that there was a special benefit to playing the game through a second or third time. That's because the game doesn't tell you that. So the only people who will ever discover this are the hardest of hard-core OCD types. * Even if it did tell you that, it's ridiculous that it would push the "good stuff" out to the second or third playthrough. Old Man Murray said it best, more than a decade ago ( http://www.oldmanmurray.com/longreviews/63.html ): > Here's a note to developers regarding what we hope will become an industry-wide policy: if your game has some good parts, try to put them at the fucking beginning. It takes us ten hours of dismal labor to earn enough money to buy your game, so please commence the entertainment early on. If possible, pack something fun right into the box, for instance a balloon... > Developers have one goddamn job: entertain us. And we mean now, goddamnit, not in six hours. * The huge number of randomly generated guns may create a token economy, but it also forces the player to spend way too much time trying to figure out whether Gun # 712,924 is better than Gun # 712,925. Sid Meier is supposed to have said that "a game is a series of interesting choices," and the problem with Borderlands' guns is that choosing between them is usually not interesting, because the differences between most weapons you encounter contemporaneously are so tiny. This wouldn't be so bad if you could carry an unlimited number of weapons, but you can't, so you're constantly having to compare weapons to decide which ones to discard and which to keep; which means you're constantly being forced to make uninteresting choices. It's the opposite of fun. And on and on. Don't get me wrong, I liked Borderlands ; as a shooter it was OK, and its unique aesthetic was fun. But all the things that Steve is raving about here are things that I experienced as reasons not to like it. But is it really a huge group, though? Diablo is a franchise from a different age, when gaming was only for people who were willing to step up to a certain hardcore threshold. That requirement automatically limited the size of the audience. The explosion of more-casual gaming over the last decade has created franchises whose sales make Diablo 's look anemic. If this list ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_best-selling_PC_video_g... ) is accurate, for instance, Diablo and Diablo 2 sold about 6.5 million copies together, which ain't hay; but The Sims , Sims 2 and Sims 3 together sold 39 million copies , making it a completely different magnitude of hit. (Not even counting all the expansions, either.) And how many hundreds of millions of copies of Angry Birds have been sold? It's entirely possible to look at a mountain of data and take away incorrect or misleading conclusions from it. The existence of data is not in and of itself a guarantee that the human beings who look at it will interpret it correctly. If your interface needs a cheat sheet or tip mechanism or animated assistant to explain to the user how it works, it is a failure. > I can't think of anything more ephemeral and useless than blog comments--does it really matter whether those are backed up for the ages? You might be surprised. Archaeologists are forced to derive much of what they know about vanished cultures from bits of ephemera from their daily lives -- things you'd find in a midden heap, like shards of discarded pottery, spat-out plant seeds and gnawed animal bones, and the like. Why? Because those are the things that survived. Would our understanding of those cultures be richer if we could hear their songs and read their poetry? Undoubtedly. But we can learn an awful lot about them from their ephemera, even without that. Hey everybody! Guess what! John Gruber loves a new Apple product! (Now let's all take a moment to recover from the shock of hearing this.) And that everybody earns every penny that they really should. Nobody's ever born the wrong color or gender or nationality, or ever has bad luck that prevents them from fulfilling their potential. > I write this post because I've noticed a sort of "JUST USE BCRYPT" cargo cult... This is absolutely the wrong attitude to have about cryptography. No. This is incorrect. This is exactly the right attitude for most developers to have about cryptography, because on a subject as complex as cryptography most developers (including me!) are nowhere near smart enough to understand the ins and outs. Encouraging people to make their own decisions on subjects they aren't equipped to understand fully is dangerous advice. It leads to all sorts of bad outcomes. People who have to choose between options they don't really understand end up choosing things at random, or on the basis of incomplete or misleading information, or getting seized up by the need to make a choice and choosing nothing at all. This makes cryptography one of the very few cases where a cargo-cult approach is better than the alternatives. A simple message that "this is the approach people smarter than you agree is correct, use it," repeated consistently, will help more people more completely than dumping them into the deep end of the crypto pool ever will. By all means, use different wording when passing this message along if you're worried about hurting the recipient's fee-fees. But you won't be doing them any favors if you change the message to a Stuart Smalley-style "You can do it! You're good enough! You're smart enough! And gosh darn it, people like you!" Because on this specific subject , the odds are very, very, very unlikely that they actually are. But just the existence of multiple cargo cults causes damage, because it leads people to assume that "the experts are divided." Which will lead some people to go with the wrong batch of experts, and others to just throw up their hands in confusion and store their passwords in plain text because it's too hard for them to figure out which group of experts is right. This is a case where unanimity in the message is important. If all the experts say "use A," people will take that to mean there's no debate about the merits of A over B and C, and use A. If some say "use A" while others say "use B" or "use C", some fraction of listeners will give up and use nothing at all. Yes, that's right. It doesn't mean that you are hopelessly non-cognitive if you can't understand the complexities of cryptography. (As I said, I certainly can't.) It just means that unless you are one of the very few people who are 1) exceptionally mathematically talented and 2) able to have spent your entire life studying the subject, it's unlikely that you could make an informed choice. Why Vim? 1. Because it's installed everywhere. 2. There is no 2. Because calling a woman "bitchy" is always a convincing rebuttal to a charge of sexism... 1) Extremely long battery life -- the newer Neo model can be used for months on a pair of AA batteries (see http://www.williamlanday.com/2009/05/29/things-i-love-the-al... ) 2) Can run on commodity batteries -- AAs are cheap, user replaceable, and supplies are easily available worldwide 3) More rugged -- can be dropped without fear, no need for aftermarket cases/screen protectors 4) Keyboard included -- no need for aftermarket add-on, unlike most tablets 5) Cheap -- you can buy one for an order of magnitude less than the cost of a tablet, or even more less than the cost of a notebook Which isn't to say devices like these are better for everyone than a tablet or a laptop would be, just that those devices don't automatically make these irrelevant for their niche. And the TRS-80 Model 100 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TRS-80_Model_100 ), which arguably pioneered the concept. Or they've decided that Flash has already lost to HTML5, so they're looking to squeeze as much money as they can out of Flash's remaining developers on the way down. Seriously! I remember buying my first box of ten 3.5" floppies, which stored 1.44MB of data EACH, after years of using the older 360KB 5.25" disks, and marveling how much storage I was carrying in that little box... Kids today, with their USB sticks and DVD drives and Internets. Grumble grumble. Get off my lawn! NEW world of proprietary software? Proprietary software has been around for a long time, young Padawan. And for all that time, using it has meant knowing that the platform owner could step in at any time and ream^H^H^H^H"monetize" you. They've already done it. Windows Vista and 7 provide an API for text rendering called DirectWrite ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DirectWrite ) that gives much cleaner results. XP and prior use an older API called GDI ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphics_Device_Interface ), which hasn't kept up with advances in modern displays. The reason why this switch hasn't resulted in a simple "boom, instantly beautiful" improvement is a chicken-and-egg problem. The choice of which rendering API to use is made by application developers; they naturally want to target the one that's most widely adopted. But Vista/7 haven't driven XP out of the marketplace yet. So cautious browser developers stick with GDI. You can see the result in the examples you cited. IE9 is a special case because it's only available for Vista and 7 anyway, so Microsoft was free to move it to DirectWrite. Firefox defaults to GDI, but as of FF4 has optional DirectWrite support (how to turn it on: http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?t=1775755 ). Chrome is GDI-only. Saying Apple "steals from" Braun is too strong. (Xerox has a much stronger claim to having been ripped off by Steve Jobs than Braun does.) But it's undeniable that the Jobs/Ive design aesthetic was strongly influenced by the work of Dieter Rams. That's not unusual, though; anyone who works in a creative field (including programming) will know the work of another can inspire you to new directions in your own work. I dunno if the magic is the real problem. I think the real problem with full-stack frameworks is that they require you to drink their entire pitcher of Kool-Aid in order to get up and running. There's no easy "Hello World" to give new users confidence. Take Django for instance (because I have more experience with it than I have with Rails). Just to get through the introductory tutorial ( https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/intro/tutorial01/ ) you have to wrap your brain around projects, apps, views, models, and Django's command-line tools. Contrast that to getting started in PHP without a framework; you can introduce someone who only knows HTML to PHP extremely gently, by taking an existing HTML document (which they understand) and sprinkling in some PHP to do simple stuff. They won't be a programming god with that knowledge, of course, but that's not important; what's important is that they took the first step and succeeded, which gives them the confidence to take the second. With a full-stack framework, getting that first step right involves a lot of mental work, which increases the chances that people will screw it up or abandon it in frustration. Frameworks frequently compound this problem by inventing their own terminology for features, or taking words people already use and redefining them, so you can't easily map things you already know from other systems to things inside the framework. Just in the Django intro, for instance, we have to learn the difference between projects and apps , both of which are commonly used terms that Django has overloaded with Django-specific meanings. All of this means that taking the first step in going from "has never used Django" to "Django newbie" involves a lot of learning, and that guarantees that some people are going to just walk away and others are going to try to follow along but get lost in the complexity. On the positive side, when that implementation of Perl 6 does arrive, it will be delivered to you by flying car free of charge. > I am sorry, but a guy who stands in a production line building cars should not be making $125k per year You should be pleased to learn then that they don't: * http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/10/business/economy/10leonhar... * http://www.factcheck.org/2008/12/auto-worker-salaries/ But Notch wasn't "Internet famous" until after Minecraft launched. Minecraft made him Internet famous. In other words, Notch is Internet famous because Minecraft was a hit, Minecraft wasn't a hit because Notch was Internet famous. Don't worry about how un-famous you are. Put that energy into building something that makes you famous. Or even better: "WE will never..." That way it doesn't sound like you're trying to weasel-word a (meaningless to the user) distinction between your company and your product. "Was Katz right?" is not the most important part. It's arguably not even relevant. If someone is presenting, and they say something that's incorrect, there are better ways to deal with it than pushing them off the platform and announcing that the Real Genius has arrived. I can think of two right off the top of my head: 1) Wait until they've finished, then pose your correction in the form of a question to them and allow them to answer. This lets them save face (since you're not outright correcting them, you're just asking for clarification), gives them the chance to correct themselves in case they just misspoke or were misunderstood, and avoids the risk of your correction of the one incorrect point overwhelming the other, presumably correct, points the speaker made. 2) When the session is over, approach the organizer of the user group and offer to make your own presentation on the subject, in which you'll give the correct information, at the next meeting. If you're concerned that people will miss the point, add a subtitle like "A Response to Presenter X" to the name of the presentation. > If the original presenter could effectively support his position then he would not have left the stage. In the world of actual human beings, this is not true. People are quite easily driven to the margins by bullies who are louder and more strident than they are, even if their argument is 100% correct. Lawyers even have a saying for it: "If the law is against you, bang on the facts. If the facts are against you, bang on the law. If both are against you, bang on the table." > Isn't "post-factum civil litigation" an even better mechanism for enforcement? Only if you prefer getting ripped off and then having to pay lawyers for ten or fifteen years to get back a tiny part of your losses to not getting ripped off in the first place. I'd recommend changing the hero text on your main site's home page to something like "Hall is collaboration for your company and team, all in one place" from the current "Working Together in War Rooms Doubles Teams' Productivity", then. "War rooms" as a concept already exist outside the context of your app; when I first saw the site, I didn't understand how the statement connected to your app. I thought it was just a generic statement about war rooms, which was confusing. > If there is a "war" on RSS... Where is the manifesto? Here: http://techcrunch.com/2009/05/05/rest-in-peace-rss/ I don't get the negativity on using your distro's packages, at least from the staying-stable perspective. Any decent package manager should let you pin/hold critical packages on a particular version, so if "the next Ubuntu ships with a different SQLAlchemy by default" you just hold the SQLAlchemy package at the version you want and then ignore it until you're ready to make that move. 99% percent of the time when I hear people complaining about their distro's packages, the complaints are coming from the opposite direction -- they want to run something bleeding-edge and the distro doesn't have it yet. (This is the standard beef Rubyists have with Debian, for instance -- that code that just hit Github ten minutes ago isn't in Debian's repos yet.) Perhaps, but that's a completely different argument than the one TFA is making. Besides, in the Ubuntu case anyway, LTS is supposed to be old. The whole point of LTS releases is to let slow-moving institutions/enterprises sit on ancient packages for 3-5 years without having to worry about backporting security updates. If you want recent versions of packages LTS is precisely the wrong place for you to be. Kickstarter doesn't vet projects at all: http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backing%20a%20project#Wh... They also don't do any checking to validate that the person behind a project is who they claim to be: http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backing%20a%20project#Ho... Their entire fraud prevention program can be summed up in two words: caveat emptor. > I turned out to be everything the company wished they never hired. I had extensive knowledge of economics, currencies, financial markets, and investment strategies. I had interned at a former hedge fund manager’s website and learned to write about financial markets. I had my own financial website, and I tweeted with financial TV personalities on a regular basis. Worst of all, I had a YouTube channel chock full of rap videos I made about my favorite stocks... Then what the hell are you doing working at a call center? Call center workers have one job: to read from the script. That's it. People who want to be creative do badly in those jobs, because they are not creative jobs. If you take a job on the grill line at McDonald's, they will not care if you can make the most juicy, succulent cheeseburgers on your backyard grill. They will not be interested in hearing how you do it. If you start trying to do it at work, they will fire you, no matter how good your cheeseburger tastes. Because the goal at McDonald's is consistency. They hire you to make a burger to the McDonald's standard . Not to make the best burger you can. And that's perfectly reasonable! There's no way to build a business on the scale of McDonald's while depending on the genius of artisanal burger chefs. It only works if you standardize. The only way to turn out burgers on an industrial scale, in other words, is with an industrial process. And the same is true of turning out information via telephone. You could never find enough people to do it if each one needed to be a financial expert. The only way to do it is to use less expert people and give them a script to read from. If that's not an environment where you thrive, I can understand. But the problem isn't with the environment; it works for what it needs to do (answer huge volumes of mostly basic and/or stupid questions). The problem is with you for putting yourself there. If you want to be an artisanal burger chef, McDonald's is not where you should be looking for work. If we want to really get pedantic, Mosaic was a "first" -- the first WWW browser to support embedding inline images in Web pages. Previous browsers were text-only; you could post images, but they could only be linked to, not displayed directly inside a page. That made the WWW too similar to Gopher ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gopher_%28protocol%29 ) to really break out in popularity. Mosaic's support for inline graphics is what caused the Web's first real wave of general interest outside academia. More here: http://www.wired.com/thisdayintech/2010/04/0422mosaic-web-br... Not really; that would include any WWW browser with a GUI interface (like the original WorldWideWeb on NeXTSTEP). > I think mainly so that no-one can accidentally get bigger than them and take them out. You're underestimating the "made man" effect. Once you have a really enormous hit, you become a Made Man; someone will always be willing to throw some money at you for future worthless businesses you found, because the people with the money know you and want to stay on your good side on the off chance lightning strikes a second time later on. So they're willing to throw some money away to keep you happy. (And not just you -- it lets them do a solid for the people who invested in your company, too, by letting them walk away without taking a loss. Why do that? Because the investors are usually also Made Men.) It's not just Andreessen who illustrates this. Look at Google's recent acquisition of Milk: http://money.cnn.com/2012/03/20/technology/startups/Google-D... Milk only ever shipped one product, Oink, which was a total flop. But Google spent a reported $15-30 million dollars to acquire them. Why? Because Milk was founded by Kevin Rose, and Rose's hit with Digg made him a Made Man; and it had gotten ~$1.5 million in angel funding from a veritable Who's Who of other Made Men (see http://techcrunch.com/2011/04/26/milk-completes-1-5-million-... ). If you had the same company, with the same team and track record, and subtracted Kevin Rose and the plugged-in investors from it -- the same company, just staffed in some podunk Midwestern town and funded by no-name investors -- I doubt Google would have spent a plugged nickel to buy it. But Milk was very plugged in, so Google bailed them out. In other words, it's classic logrolling (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logrolling ). You bail me out when my venture tanks, and I'll bail you out when yours does. It's a pretty sweet deal. But it's a deal that's only available to Made Men. Yeah -- before the enterprise types got a hold of it, SOAP was actually fairly pleasant to work with. Sigh. Oh well. You can kind of get a flavor of what pre-enterprise-jackassery SOAP was like to work with by looking at Dave Winer's XML-RPC (spec: http://xmlrpc.scripting.com/spec.html ), which was one of the precursors of SOAP. > anti air missiles being installed in random flats The reference to a "High Velocity Missile system" implies that the weapon in question is the Starstreak HVM system ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starstreak_%28missile%29 ). Starstreak is a man-portable weapon, so nothing would need to be "installed" anywhere; it'd be a couple of guys standing on the roof with a Starstreak tube. > triggering those missiles As far as I can tell, the only way to "trigger" a Starstreak launch is by physically pressing a button on the launcher, so the risk of remotely triggered launch is pretty low. And even if a terrorist or group of terrorists managed to somehow neutralize the Starstreak operators, seize control of the weapon and launch it, the missile itself is so small it wouldn't really matter; the backblast from the launch is negligible (it has to be, for the missile to be safe to launch from the operator's shoulder), and the warhead is just three darts with around 16 ounces of explosive in each. The terrorists would do more damage if they stole bowling balls and dropped them on people from the roof. > uselessly expensive Presumably the Starstreak missiles in question have already been bought by the British army, so the only expense would be the cost of having the guys stand around on the roof all day. And since those guys are soldiers the British government is going to be paying them that day regardless of where they happen to be standing. Yeah, but (1) presumably the airspace over London is going to be pretty thoroughly controlled during the Olympics, reducing the risk; and (2) if terrorists want to shoot down an airliner with a man-portable air defense system (MANPADS) like Starstreak, there's easier ways for them to get their hands on one than by infiltrating one of the most heavily secured areas in the world and wresting one out of the hands of professional soldiers -- MANPADS have proliferated widely, and can be acquired on the black arms market for a few thousand bucks (see http://www.fas.org/programs/ssp/asmp/MANPADS.html ). Because "nerd web developer" and "attractive woman" are always mutually exclusive. If you're interested in this story, there's an excellent book on the subject titled Hatless Jack: the President, the Fedora, and the Death of the Hat ( http://www.amazon.com/Hatless-Jack-Neil-Steinberg/dp/1862077... ) that investigates the death of the hat as a mandatory fashion accessory for American men in much more detail. Highly recommended. Right under the big bold "Unicode" header. The very next line is > Unicode sucks. This is a universal truth. (In fairness, I think what he's really getting at is that dealing with Unicode in languages that were created before it became ubiquitous sucks, not Unicode itself. But if you start off your discussion of Unicode with the statement that "Unicode sucks", you shouldn't be surprised if people think your beef is with Unicode rather than with the tools we use to deal with it.) > The US was an ally of South Vietnam at their government's invitation Oh come on. South Vietnam was an American client state from the word go. American advisors helped run Ngo Dinh Diem's campaign in the 1955 referendum that set up the South Vietnamese government. When Diem didn't turn out to be the man the U.S. government had hoped he would, American money helped finance the 1963 coup that killed him. > and never did actually invade North Vietnam No, we just bombed the holy hell out of them: see Operation Rolling Thunder ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Rolling_Thunder ) and Operation Linebacker II ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Linebacker_II ) for examples. Light gray text on dark gray background! Great choice. > Using a third party tool is like gambling: you might win or loose "Loose"? AAAAAGH Yes, we should definitely encourage people to present their writing with unreadable formatting and notorious grammatical errors. It was, but not for "several years." Linus started using BitKeeper on the kernel in 2002 (source: http://lwn.net/Articles/130746/ ). The first release of Darcs was in March 2003 (source: http://darcs.net/NEWS ). Not to mention NeXT, which also had its share of "crazy Steve" management, and which would have been an unmitigated failure if Apple hadn't bought them out. If you're interested in that story, Randall Stross' book Steve Jobs and the NeXT Big Thing ( http://www.amazon.com/Steve-Jobs-Next-Big-Thing/dp/068912135... ) is a good telling of it. (It was written before Jobs' return to Apple and subsequent huge success, so it's a fascinating artifact of the time before he became Saint Steve.) The problem is that bad managers regard those things as features, not bugs. I grew up on military bases around military people, and in that environment I learned one bit of wisdom that has helped me many times when managing people: If you're in charge, and your people screw up, it's not their fault. It's yours. Yes, they made a mistake. But why did they make it? Did you not train them sufficiently? Did you not give them the mentoring they need? Did you fail to get important tools or information to them? Did you put them in a position of greater responsibility than they're currently equipped to handle, or where their skills don't match the needs of the position? At first when you try to wrap your mind around this line of thinking, it can be difficult. Why should I be held responsible when Jack the Junior Coder is the one who actually screwed up? But eventually, if you stick with it, you learn something important: on a real team, who screwed up is irrelevant. If one person fails, the whole team fails. And your job as a leader is to help your people get to a place where they fail less and less every day , not to pin blame. This is the difference between a manager and a leader: a leader is someone who accepts responsibility not just for his own actions, but for his team's as well. I have had a blog post rattling around in my head forever introducing Boyd's leadership principles to non-military folks. Should probably get around to actually writing it one of these days... > He/she is a couple weeks old to the place and how can the leader be responsible for a screw up of a person who has only been there for a few days? If they're unready, why did you put them in a position that required someone who would hit the ground ready? The best overall study of Boyd and Boydism is Robert Coram's book Boyd: The Fighter Pilot Who Changed The Art Of War : http://www.amazon.com/Boyd-The-Fighter-Pilot-Changed/dp/0316... The best general-audiences intro to Boyd-as-philosophy is probably Chet Richards' book Certain to Win : http://www.amazon.com/Certain-Win-Strategy-Applied-Business/... Wikipedia has some brief descriptions of Boyd's work and thinking in his page on him: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Boyd_%28military_strategis... Fast Company magazine did a decent article on Boyd-for-business back in 2002: http://www.fastcompany.com/magazine/59/pilot.html Many of Boyd's original writings have been preserved and made available for download here: http://dnipogo.org/john-r-boyd/ (Warning, though, these were not written for a general audience and can be quite dense.) > You only love the style because he has enough on his side to back it up. Anyone else that acted like Linus does on a regular basis would be considered childish and arrogant. Probably true, but when you've changed the technology world twice before age 40 people tend to cut you some additional slack. What you do now is get a lawyer. Do not say one more word on the subject. Not in writing, not in public, not even to your friends over beers, until you get a lawyer. Think of it like the Miranda rule -- now that a legal dispute has arisen, anything you say can and will be used by them against you. What you shouldn't do now is panic. They've sent you a letter demanding a large sum of money? Big deal, anyone can send a letter. It's not unusual for people to try to bully others by having their lawyer draft a letter full of scary-sounding language that, when parsed by a lawyer, actually says nothing. These people hope you will read the letter, panic, and do something stupid like trying to settle with them before talking to a lawyer. Don't give them what they want. Get a lawyer. Yes. There's nothing that says you can't settle something amicably while still getting legal counsel. They've roped in their lawyer, now you rope in yours. When you've found a lawyer, he/she will advise you on what to say and not say from that point forward. In the meantime, the safest course is to say nothing (or at least the absolute minimum you can) from now until then. If you've already sent an email you can't take it back, obviously, so when you get a lawyer be sure to give him/her a copy of the email (and any response you receive) so they can advise you on how it affects your position. Good luck! Generally speaking, when a company bets its continued existence on one strategy, and then a few months later starts backpedaling from that commitment, that is not a good sign for its continued existence. Those data read like they're limited to VC firms big enough to join the NVCA, which requires funds to have at least one full-time employee to qualify for membership (see http://nvca.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=articl... ). So angel investment wouldn't be included, and (anecdotally, I know) it feels like angel investment is where a lot of the big recent money has come from. > A big cause of waning public enthusiasm in space is, I believe, that it all still looks like the 60s So the solution is to build a ship based on a design from 1965? If you want to capture the imagination, you don't need a ship that looks snazzy. You need a ship that can safely and reliably take people to Earth orbit and back at a price normal people can afford. As long as space travel is the province of billionaires and test pilots only, nobody will care about it. What you need is a space DC-3. What captures peoples' imaginations isn't the vehicle. It is the journey. Or, more importantly, the destination. The vehicle is just the can they sit in to get there. People (the vast majority, anyway) don't travel because they like to travel. They travel because they want to get somewhere. What excites their imagination is the thought of being at that place , not how they got there. Part of the reason people aren't excited about space travel today is because there's nowhere to go. There's no orbiting low-gravity resort to vacation on, no Mars colony where Cousin Phil lives with his family to go to for Thanksgiving. And a big part of why those things don't exist is because getting people into space is a damn expensive and risky business, even today. If the only way to get to Disneyworld was to spend $20,000,000 and ride a thirty-year-old Russian relic, Disneyworld wouldn't exist either. A cheap, safe and ugly ship would do a lot more to solve that problem than an expensive and beautiful one would. Or just the landspeeders! Imagine the savings on highway maintenance if we all drove cars without wheels... Pud eventually rolled the best of fuckedcompany.com into a book: http://www.amazon.com/Fd-Companies-Spectacular-Dot-Com-Flame... (Yes, it's on Kindle) Including the photographer's name is the really smart bit. Before, if you used the watermarked image, you were screwing "Getty Images" (a big corporation, i.e. who cares) out of some money. Now, if you use the watermarked image, you're screwing an individual person whose name is right there in front of you out of some money. I don't know about that. The Germans had the same head start on Russia that they had on the US, but when the Russians came into the fighting in 1941 they were already fielding the T-34 tank ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/T-34 ), which outclassed any German panzer in a one-to-one engagement and may have been the finest tank in the world. The best US industry could turn out in 1941 was the abysmal M3 Lee ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M3_Lee ), which would go on to get absolutely chewed to pieces by the Germans in the North African campaign. Even the next American attempt, the iconic M4 Sherman, which was the US' standard medium tank by 1944, was unimpressive compared to contemporary Russian and German designs. The big lesson of WW2, though, was that in modern all-out warfare the quality of individual tanks didn't really matter. What mattered was the quantity those tanks could be turned out in. The Germans, stung by the unexpected quality of Russian tanks, had turned their efforts toward building absolute monsters like the Tiger ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger_I ) and Panther ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panther_tank ). Those tanks individually outclassed any Allied tank of the era, even the Russians'. But they were so complicated to build that the Germans could only turn out a few thousand of them, which was peanuts compared to the swarms of T-34s and Shermans the Allies were cranking out. The tactical doctrine in 1944 was that it would take five Shermans, acting together, to knock out a single Tiger; but US industry turned out 12,000+ Shermans that year, while German industry would only turn out around 1,000 Tigers, so five-to-one numerical superiority wasn't hard to put together. No matter how fearsome the German tanks became, they eventually got stung to death by swarms of less impressive enemies. The German generals, who presumably would have been in a position to know, disagreed with you. Take Heinz Guderian ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heinz_Guderian ), for instance; he was deeply impressed with the quality of the T-34 as a fighting vehicle. Example ( http://books.google.com/books?id=feIBwIK6DA0C&lpg=PA10&#... ): General Heinz Guderian's 2nd Panzer Army spearhead was ambushed near Mtensk on October 6, 1941, by a brigade of T-34s. In a brief action, T-34s under Colonel Mikhael Katukov destroyed ten Pz III and Pz IV tanks for the loss of only about five of their own. Guderian, creator of the German panzer force, was shocked. The German panzers, with their short 50mm and 75mm guns, could only penetrate the thick armor of the T-34 from point-blank range of 100m or less, but the T-34 could destroy the poorly armored Pz III and Pz IV from up to 1,000m. The T-34's mobility over muddy terrain and poor roads astonished the German tankers. Furthermore, the use of sloped armor on the T-34 and KV-1 tanks indicated that German tank design had fallen woefully behind. Guderian came away from the battles of 1941 believing that Germany should just drop its own tank designs and straight-up copy the T-34. They didn't, of course; the Panther and Tiger were supposed to be T-34 killers, but they were too difficult to produce and maintain in the field to ever really live up to that role. True, but the Russians had their own production problems too, namely the loss of nearly the entire industrialized area of their country to the enemy in 1941. The great virtue of the T-34 was that it was so simple to manufacture that it could be built in numbers in the ad-hoc, open-air factories the Russians set up east of the Ural Mountains, and maintained even in facilities directly under enemy attack, like the famous Tractor Factory in Stalingrad ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volgograd_Tractor_Factory ). True on the Western Front, where US air superiority was indeed total; less so on the Eastern Front, where the Soviet air force was essentially wiped out in 1941 and took years to rebuild, so the great tank battles, like Kursk ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Kursk ), took place in a contested air environment. You're correct, I did not mean to slight the contribution of the RAF and other Allied air forces. (Though I think my other comments should illustrate that I am far from a "national triumphalist.") Hi, author of the post here. What mojo..? This may have been before your time, but believe it or not, at one point (late '80s through the '90s) Microsoft was feared . A standard question VCs would ask new software startups was "what is your Redmond Strategy?" -- meaning "what will you do if/when Microsoft decides your market segment is interesting and decides to take it for themselves?" because a MS monopoly is really really good. I don't want a Microsoft monopoly to come back -- one of the most liberating things about the Internet as a platform is how it let you skip the need for a Redmond Strategy -- but it would be good for everyone who buys/uses tech to have Microsoft as a healthy competitor on a level playing field. More choices equals more competition equals more innovation. Because they want people to use their software? Of course, if you don't care whether or not anyone uses your software, telling people with questions and requests to jump off a cliff is entirely reasonable. It sounds like the problem is that at the beginning it wasn't supposed to be "a very simple application." It started out complex and then got simple over time. Which screws up user expectations -- the people who were attracted to it when it was complicated aren't going to be people put off by complexity. So they may have felt misled a bit when the complex product they chose started becoming something else. In other words, when he decided after launching FeedDemon that what it should have been was a simpler product, Bradbury might have been better off if he'd left the "FeedDemon" name on the original, complex product and then rolled out the simpler version under a different name. That way people who picked up "FeedDemon" wouldn't feel like they were getting pushed into using "SimpleDemon" (or whatever the streamlined version ended up getting called) instead. People underestimate the power of names in setting user expectations. (An objection to this might be the increased difficulty of maintaining two product lines, but there's a simple answer to that -- just stop updating FeedDemon. Eventually the power users who appreciate the simplicity will get the message and switch over to SimpleDemon, and those who ABSOLUTELY MUST HAVE radio button #7,131 on the preferences screen can sit on their complicated, orphaned version for life.) The problem is that every user thinks they are a "power user." So if you put a bunch of options behind a screen that says "power users only," the effect is kind of like building a treehouse and then tacking on a sign that says "NO GIRLS ALLOWED" -- the girls will climb the tree just to see what it is you're hiding from them up there. The difference is that music and movies can be translated into digital format, which makes copying effectively free. 3D printing is physical, not digital. Every copy you make will require raw materials and will cause wear and tear on the printer. That creates costs. Those costs will probably come down over time, of course, but nowhere near as fast as the cost of digital duplication has. The price of plastic doesn't obey Moore's Law. That's why it's important to set up the Kickstarter now, so you can rake in your share of the bonanza before the world wises up :-D Re "poorly designed", in fairness, its original designer (Brendan Eich) had to put the whole language together by himself in ten days under a mandate from his overlords at Netscape corporate that he make it look kind of like Java while not looking too much like Java (see http://www.computer.org/csdl/mags/co/2012/02/mco2012020007.h... , http://www.jwz.org/blog/2010/10/every-day-i-learn-something-... ). Given those circumstances, the amazing thing is that JavaScript has held up as well as it has. Part of this is just a reflection of the changing economy. Shop classes were funded when there was a demand in our economy for people who made things. Now that we've outsourced the making of things to China, there's no perceived need for learning how things are made anymore; they just get made , somewhere out of sight, and when they break we throw them away and buy new ones. This is a strangely infantile way for a society to live. Part of the mystique grown-ups had to me when I was a kid was that grown-ups were the ones who knew how things worked -- I knew how to break my toys, but only grown-ups knew how to fix them. Growing up was the process of being initiated into these mysteries. That's less true today; now feels more like an age of adults striving to get back to the (blissful?) ignorance of childhood. Of course, this feeling could just be an artifact of my being an adult now :-D In fairness, this is an article from Slate , aka "News For Nervous Upper-Class White People". So it shouldn't shock you that they might not stop to consider how offensive "have the kids build robots!" might be to an educator in a school system that can't even afford to maintain reasonable class sizes, much less a robotics lab. Freudian slip. I'm not sure you realize just how strapped for cash most school districts are. The average K-12 teacher in the US spends around $350 out of their own pocket each year just to buy supplies like books, pencils and glue that schools and parents can't or won't pay for. Only 8% of teachers can get through a year without spending any of their own money on supplies. ( http://thejournal.com/articles/2010/07/08/teachers-spend-1.3... , http://blog.cleveland.com/metro/2010/08/most_teachers_spend_... ) If school districts can't afford to buy pencils , it's unlikely they can afford to buy robots, no matter how cheap the robots are. The Census Bureau has made their data available for download for a looong time, both over the Web (including a bunch of different interfaces for slicing out just the data you want -- see http://www.census.gov/main/www/access.html ) and FTP ( http://www2.census.gov/ ) All the stuff that's available via the Web service is already available via download, along with a lot more. They don't provide it in SQLite format AFAIK, but they do offer a range of other formats that should be easy to get into SQLite if you wish. If there's any problem with their downloadable data offerings, it's that they have so many of them that it can be difficult to figure out exactly which one has the data you're looking for. In the modern era, at least, it's not strictly true that journalists were busy transcribing speeches; it's standard practice for a person giving a speech (especially in politics) to give copies of the speech text to the press, usually before the speech itself. Typically it's provided under an embargo ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embargo_%28journalism%29 ), so the reporters can't actually report on it until the speech is over, but the extra lead time lets them start working on their stories early. That's how you can see talking heads on CNN saying "we're told the President will talk a lot about taxes tonight," say, in the run-up to the State of the Union address -- they've gotten a copy of the speech from the White House, under an embargo. So they can't print the text of the speech right then, but they can allude generally to its contents. Hi, author of the post here. You're right, that's just a dumb mistake I should have caught in proofreading. I've edited to make it consistent. Thanks! > Ubuntu and the Linux world in general has had app-stores long before Apple came to the party You're kidding, right? The difference is that software in Linux distro repositories (which is what I assume you're referencing) is both free as in beer and open source . Which kind of makes it the opposite of what most people think of when they say "app store." (Pre-emptive nitpick: it's true that Canonical has recently started offering commercial software via the Ubuntu Software center, but that came many years after Apple's App Store launched.) This is the part that made me cringe: The [DRM key] arrives as an email zip attachment that then needs to be unzipped, saved onto a memory stick and uploaded onto the server. Seriously? That's how we're delivering time-sensitive digital information? In 2012 ? Ugh, it makes my head spin. Is there some reason that the projector can't be connected to the network directly, so the vendor can push the key straight to it without all the sneakernet nonsense? It's bad, but not quite as bad as that. The UEFI spec doesn't explicitly disallow making Secure Boot a toggle-able option, so some OEMs (like Dell: http://www.osnews.com/story/25293/Dell_HP_Respond_to_Secure_... ) are planning to ship with it on but let you turn it off in the BIOS options if you want to. So someone technically knowledgeable could switch it off in your laptops before you hand them out to students. Still two big "ifs" there, though: 1) You can turn it off if the OEM gives you the option to, and OEMs are under no obligation to do so; and 2) All of the above is only true for x86 machines; for ARM-based systems, Microsoft is requiring that no option be provided for the user to disable Secure Boot (see http://blogs.computerworlduk.com/open-enterprise/2012/01/is-... ). So the upshot is that if your hardware comes from a cooperative OEM, and if it runs on x86, the impact on you will be minimal -- just flipping a switch. But ARM systems and systems from uncooperative OEMs will be locked, so you won't be able to assume that any laptop that comes in over the transom will be useful to you anymore. (ARM laptops are uncommon today, but after Windows RT launches they may become more common.) EDIT: Looks like since the last time I looked at this issue MS made it mandatory for OEMs to allow users to be able to turn off Secure Boot on x86, see comments below. So having to worry about which OEMs allow it and which don't isn't an issue. ARM systems still can't let users disable it, though. Well that's a relief! My recollection was based on the last burst of news coverage on the issue late last year; it sounds like Linux vendors like Red Hat worked with Microsoft on the issue between now and then (Red Hat this month: "the Linux Foundation, hardware partners, and Microsoft to collaboratively develop a UEFI secure boot mechanism that allows user/customer choice and ease of use" -- http://www.redhat.com/about/news/archive/2012/6/uefi-secure-... ), so it may be that the ambiguity was present in older MS certification specs but got cleared up later on... Actually I don't think WaPo really has anything to do with this piece. It's credited to VentureBeat.com rather than a Post reporter. It looks like they're just syndicating an article that originally ran here: http://venturebeat.com/2012/06/22/microsoft-betrays-the-trus... VentureBeat's headline for the piece is "Microsoft betrays the trust of customers and partners in the name of progress". So the more pointed headline that the article was submitted under is the original one, written by VentureBeat; the Post then changed the title to the softer "Why Microsoft is for once the cool kid in the technology world" before running the syndicated article. The Post's CMS must have kept the original headline to use in the TITLE element, permalink, etc. The way I've heard that principle phrased is "praise in public, criticize in private." It's good advice, because criticizing people in public (i.e. in front of their peers) always backfires -- it just makes the criticized person defensive, so they stop being open to learning from their mistake. If you're a real newbie, terms like "virtualenv" and "Pip" are much harder to wrap your brain around than "unzip this ZIP file into your web root", which is the way you set up, say, CodeIgniter. People lined up at stores at midnight to buy Windows 95 when it came out. Seriously! They did! http://www.businessinsider.com/15-years-ago-today-windows-95... I think the takeaway from this should be slightly different than the one the author found: don't fight users' expectations of what your product is. When Chrome came out, it was a new product; users had no expectations of "what Chrome is." So Google could do with it essentially whatever they wanted. Firefox was in a completely different position. When Mozilla moved Firefox to rapid release, the product branded "Firefox" had been in users' hands for seven years -- nine if you count pre-1.0 versions. Over that time, users' expectations of what a product branded "Firefox" was settled into a particular place. Rapid release was painful because it broke those expectations. Suddenly Firefox didn't behave like people expected a product labeled "Firefox" to behave anymore. It's like opening a bottle labeled "Coke" and having orange juice pour out. "But orange juice is better for you!" Yeah, but that's still not what I expect to get when I open a Coke bottle. There's a simple way Mozilla could have avoided this: just call the rapid-release product something else. Create a new brand, and put it on a version of the browser that receives updates every six weeks. Call it Fastfox or Frequentfox or really anything other than Firefox. Then encourage users to start moving from Firefox to the new hotness. Make the new product compatible with Firefox extensions, but don't do the version-number compatibility check that Firefox does, so users aren't constantly being prompted to update working addons. (Yes, both products are the same code under the hood. That doesn't matter. The important thing is that you communicate to users that this is a thing that is something other than Firefox, which resets their expectations.) Eventually you'd have most users on the new product, since that's where the cool new features that get users excited would be showing up. Curmudgeons and enterprises would stay with boring old Firefox, but that's OK, because you make "Firefox" just a periodic snapshot of Frequentfox development. "Firefox" becomes a legacy brand, maintained for those who care about it. But the new brand is clearly established as the new hotness. This lets you move your users without violating their expectations. They expect the new product to behave differently, because it's a new product. It's got a different name and everything! Violent changes in direction for an established product, on the other hand, always tick off users, because they do violence to those users' expectations of what that product is. It's better to send your well-loved legacy brand gracefully off into the sunset, in other words, than to try and shock new life into it with electric paddles. No, but if you must move to a more rapid update schedule (as the Firefox developers clearly felt they did to stay competitive with Chrome, since users were screaming against rapid release from practically the moment the plan was announced and they went ahead with it anyway), moving the rapid updates into a new product is less disruptive than shoehorning them into your existing one. Mutt? In seriousness, I'm not sure there is one. "Failure is not an option!" is a phrase that automatically annoys me when I hear it, because almost nobody who uses it actually understands what it means. It's usually used in the sense of "we have decided to rule out the possibility of failure." But that's not really what the phrase means. What it means is that you have exhausted every possibility other than succeeding. It means that, to borrow a poker term, you're "all in" -- you have gotten yourself into a position from which there are only two ways out: success, and utter ruin. This is what the screenwriters of the movie Apollo 13 were getting at when they coined the phrase (it's usually credited to NASA flight director Gene Kranz, but that's incorrect: see http://www.spaceacts.com/notanoption.htm ). When the Apollo 13 mission went awry, the NASA teams on the ground didn't have the option to accept failure, because failure meant the death of the three astronauts and probably the end of the moon landing program. There was literally nowhere else for the people involved to go. They were "all in" -- the astronauts especially, but even to some degree the men on the ground. (If you're a mission control specialist in 1970, and you get drummed out of NASA with the loss of three astronauts on your record, whaddaya gonna do, go work for the other space program down the street? Start your own? Your career is done.) What most of the people who use this phrase miss is that rarely are they actually in that deep. If your social video sharing startup fails, you've lost a couple years of your life, and maybe some money. But you're not ruined. You're still alive; you still have your skills and talents; you can still go get a job somewhere. If you're smart, people will probably even lend you money to try again someday. You're down, but not out. A true "failure is not an option" startup scenario would be one where, if the startup didn't take flight, you would lose every dollar and piece of property you own, all your academic and professional credentials would be revoked, and you'd be barred from ever working in technology again. That's what "all in" looks like. It's fucking terrifying. It's also much, much higher stakes than all but a few of us will every play for. Which is a good thing! But unless you're one of those few, if you go around talking about "failure is not an option," it makes you sound kind of stupid. Just remember that every nerd that has ever broken any rule --- from seeding a torrent of a movie to scraping a competing site to (yes, go look it up) exploit SQL injection to dump a company's mail spool to the Internet --- has come up with a personally compelling rationale to do it "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it." -- Upton Sinclair ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Upton_Sinclair ) It appears they use an API provided by a company called 3taps: http://3taps.com/ So they avoid touching Craigslist's servers by having a middleman do the touching for them. In a sense, building any company is a charitable act, because you leave consumers better off than they were before Are you daft? It's not a charitable act to start a for-profit company, because you get paid for providing the service that leaves the people better off. The whole point of charities is that they provide the service without getting paid. (If your business is a startup that has deferred monetization until later, that still doesn't make you a charity; you've just chosen to turn away payment now in the hope that doing so will yield you a bigger payment down the road.) That's not to say that starting a business is a bad thing or that businesses can't improve the world; but there's a clear line between what a business is and what a charity is, and it involves the expectation of getting paid. Which means a business is always going to be lower on the Do-Gooder Scale than a charity is. I dunno about Google's definition, but Merriam-Webster's makes it pretty clear that "charitable" involves giving, not making a mutually beneficial exchange as one does in the marketplace: http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/charitable As does Dictionary.com's: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/charitable And Wiktionary's: http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/charitable Yeah, even webOS made a creditable stab in this direction. And that was what, three years ago? If someone presents himself to me as a professional cook and then proceeds to over-salt the food, yes, I do feel completely comfortable disregarding his culinary opinions from that point forward. I find I get a lot less out of essays I read if I get sidetracked into making value judgments about the authors Similarly, I find I get a lot less out of essays when it seems that the authors are making value judgments about me. I would go a step further and say that, at least in my experience, the code bases that have yielded amazing UX, piles of money, etc. are almost never beautiful. The code may start out beautiful, but once people start using it they start surfacing naïve assumptions, flawed designs, bugs, etc. And if things are going well business-wise there's rarely time or resources to fix those issues in a beautiful, comprehensive way (since maintaining beauty frequently means massive refactoring or flat-out rewrites). In other words, beautiful code is code that nobody uses. You're missing my point. I wasn't saying that the problem was that the document came from DHH or 37Signals. I like 37Signals! What I was saying was, if you remove the author's identity from the document and just look at the actual words on the paper, you find that the words on the paper have a pretty clear value judgment embedded in them: that "a single consultant serving local businesses in Schaumburg, Illinois" is by definition someone who doesn't care about beautiful code, quality engineering, etc. A beyond-saving rube, in other words. If a warehouse full of monkeys produced the same argument in the same words, I'd have reacted to it just as strongly. Elitism is a turn-off for me. Reading for entertainment is great! But if you're working in the startup world and your fun reading is all about startups, you should probably broaden your horizons a bit, if only to avoid becoming a bottomlessly tedious person. Go read some fiction, or some non-fiction in a field that has nothing to do with your work. I don't think the concern is that they've gone ad-crazy to date, it's that going ad-crazy appears to be the direction they're moving in going forward. Hence the need to push out third-party clients -- for ads to work, they need the only portal you view Twitter through to be owned by Twitter. (A third party can just strip out the ads.) Apple kind of leaps to mind. This is where they were the year Jobs returned, remember: http://www.wired.com/images_blogs/gadgetlab/wired+cover.jpg Yahoo's roots were actually in a rejection of engineering. For years their primary product was their human-curated directory of Web sites. It was popular because the quality of results returned by the algorithmic search engines of the time (HotBot, Lycos, AltaVista, etc. -- you young 'uns in the crowd may need to look them up) were so poor that you had better odds of finding what you were looking for in Yahoo's directory. The directory left out vast numbers of sites, of course -- that was the cost of trying to manually maintain an index of the Web as it exploded in size. Human curators couldn't keep up with that growth; only software could. But Yahoo bet that software would never be as good as humans at finding the site you were looking for. Then Google came along and built software that could index the whole web and return relevant results from it, and that knocked the bottom right out of Yahoo's manual-curation approach. Don't feel stupid! It doesn't happen very often, really. Certainly the examples are few and far between. Turnarounds can happen, they just usually don't. No, you just take the people who used to enforce prohibition and make them collectors of taxes on the newly-legal substance. This would not be a new concept. For most of the period alcohol prohibition in the US, for instance, Federal enforcement of the prohibition laws was the responsibility of the IRS and the Treasury Department ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bureau_of_Prohibition ), because of those agencies' long experience as collectors of alcohol taxes. (When you hear hillbillies in old movies complain about "revenuers," they're complaining about Treasury agents who shut down their untaxed backwoods stills.) And the Prohibition Bureau's successor agency, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, was part of the Treasury from the repeal of Prohibition until the big reorganization after September 11. Even better, work with camera and phone manufacturers to build Flickr into the camera . Take a picture, a copy goes to Flickr automatically. Make it a natural part of the photo-taking process -- one that you'd miss when using a device where it wasn't present. ("I have to do what to share my photo? Open an app? Connect a USB cable? Ugh.") This is one of the few areas where Flickr/Yahoo could still conceivably compete with Facebook; since FB doesn't have a "Facebook phone" yet, they'd both be in the same competitive position of needing to get camera and phone OEMs to buy in. Lots of people link to Google+ posts here. Nobody links to the equivalent Facebook thing, wall posts. That's a bit misleading, because one of the few places G+ has gotten traction is among developers, mostly in the Google ecosystem (go figure). That's a big and important ecosystem, so it's not shocking that people from there would post stuff that occasionally is of interest to HN. Facebook wall posts aren't used in the same way by the tech crowd -- probably mostly because they didn't work like blog posts or G+ posts until after G+ launched -- so they don't get HN links. But in other communities people definitely link to wall posts. I work in politics and it's not unusual to see a politico use their Facebook wall as a kind of proto-blog. (Sarah Palin, or some nameless flack on her team at least, is/was a master at this.) It then gets plenty of links from political media. If not coincidence, an anti-trust suit waiting to happen... Nope, he jumped to PayPal in May: http://news.cnet.com/8301-1023_3-57427801-93/paypal-lures-ja... Yes. Studies of nuclear explosion impact effects distinguish between "ground burst" and "air burst" detonations. Ground bursts typically have a smaller overall radius of damage, but do more intense damage at or near ground zero. Air bursts spread their effects across a wider radius, but damage is relatively more evenly distributed. Ground bursts also produce more fallout, since they dig up and irradiate earth and scatter it to the winds. Valve seems to operate as a tribe and there's a limit on how huge those can get. Genghis Khan would disagree: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mongol_Empire Yeah, that was my first thought too. The second thought was that ground-up rewrites are almost never a good idea to begin with. You end up throwing out whatever's good about the old property along with all the bad, and risk turning off the members of whatever user base you have left (who presumably stuck around because they saw something they liked in the old version). I suppose the population of Digg users is probably small enough at this point that the new proprietors aren't worried too much about whether they stay or go, though... They'll also get a modest press bump when they roll out the "new Digg," like AVOS did when they rolled out the "new Delicious." There'll be press interest in the potential revivial of a once-huge property that there wouldn't necessarily be if they launched under a completely new brand. I dunno if that's worth $500K, $500K can buy a fair bit of PR, but it's something. You can find a research firm to tell you anything you want. They may have to torture the numbers more in some scenarios than in others, but there's no shortage of people willing to take your money in exchange for telling you what you already want to hear. "The Internet is positive about Adolf Hitler": http://www.whatdoestheinternetthink.net/?s=adolf%20hitler If you drop the word "business" from "business advice," at least, it's not impossible. Fables ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fable ) and parables ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parable ) are both types of stories that are built around making a point, and there are examples of both that have been good enough to still be popular thousands of years after they were first written. I would say that it's harder to write a great fable or parable than it is to write a great example of a general story, though, because the structure of being built around an Important Point makes it easy to slip into preachiness or didacticism. You have to work extra hard to make the rest of the story not sag under the weight of the lesson. It's comparable to the price of the usual "Triple Play" Internet+cable+phone service offers from cable companies and telcos. But just "putting the video out there and seeing how people react to it" isn't "scientific research." Science involves testable hypotheses and controlled experiments. Just throwing things against the wall and seeing which ones stick is something different. If it breeds misconception, can you really call it education? I probably should have clarified that it's competitive to those packages offered in the USA. We're used to getting gouged by our telcos here in the Land of the Free :D No, neither RSS nor Atom specify a maximum number of characters for TITLE elements. Which isn't to say that particular readers/clients don't truncate them, of course, just that the specs don't say they should. Re the "hard to write" thing, PubSubHubbub's developers sometimes referred to it as "PuSH" for short. Which is easier. Dave also has a proposed notification standard of his own, called RSSCloud: http://rsscloud.org/ There's been some drama between the developers of the two systems in the past: * http://scripting.com/stories/2009/07/22/snappyRetardedAnswer... * http://brad.livejournal.com/2405147.html * https://twitter.com/davewiner/status/23404535816912896 (Drama being nothing new to the RSS world, alas. Sigh)