What a sad day. I will miss his way of making facts really exciting I fully agree with all points. 1. Listen: I once read, there are three types of people. This who don't listen, those who listen to answer and those who listen to understand. I have always appreciated the latter who try to understand and don't judge. I tend to shut up with the former 2 types 2. Cherish: Science shows that people who are thankful - on a daily basis - are usually happy and thus thrive. It's not the other way around. Success is not the reason for happiness. The reverse is true 3. Commitment: I simply love to give all I have to projects. Because it's trough ownership that I really make a difference I have used vue as alternative a lot lately, and I must say it's great. Easy to learn, reactive and fast. So, the question is: What can we do as a community? Come on guys. We have probably many of the smartest people on this planet reading this shit here right now. What can we do? What could be a cool tool, solution, initiative? Ideas anybody?! All the advice in the article sounds very generic to me. Standard startup fairytale. I wonder where all the upvotes are coming from This video is disgusting, I hate it and will share it with all my friends! ;-) Wow, great comparison. It's seems as if icons make a lot of sense in places that are used constantly (like the iOS screen) Today's Mother's Day. Call your mums people https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HB3xM93rXbY PS: I have always thought that mothership should be rewarded much higher by society, e.g. through tax breaks, or even real money payout. In the end, people with no kids have an unfair advantage as they can earn more money while mums are at least contributing at the same level to society and should thus be rewarded. That's not really a lot of money compared to the risk he/she is running... Oh man. I wish back the old days where AI would be short for Advanced Industries... ;-) Great blog post, short and quick read. The whole voice and children stuff has not been worked out properly yet. I believe Mattel is working on some special child-focused device. I am like that too. I need to push myself towards creation every single day, otherwise I slip into the consumption trap (still happens once in a while). This is what helps me: - Think backwards. How many years do you have left? How many days? Time is running, we only get to live once - Stop consuming in the morning. Instead of checking emails, news etc on your smartphone, I get up and write down all the things I want to do the day. Then I start working on the top items - Enjoy traction. Once you release something you'll get hooked on the data. How many people like my post? What's the feedback I receive. When I see that there is traction, I get excited and I enjoy interacting with the community Btw: You are already contributing :) Look at the feedback here. This may be of help: https://bothsidesofthetable.com/how-do-you-motivate-yourself... That looks really great! I'll definitely use it in one of my projects. Thanks Absolutely. Look at google for instance and all the things they've stopped supporting. I find the argument also quite disturbing because this will add to the already existing monopolies of these "large companies". Germany is a highly decentralized country. Maybe go and study in one of the metropolitan areas but then return to their beloved villages far away from the maddening crowds. In fact many of these hidden champions are in the "middle of nowhere" with often sub-par logistics (e.g. no immediate Autobahn or major train connection). >For example, Facebook had an offer from Yahoo for a billion dollars, which everyone told Zuck to take. Fortunately, he said no. Had he said yes, it would have been another failed Yahoo acquisition and Facebook would not have nearly as much impact. Really? How can you know what the path of Facebook would have been with a yahoo acquisition? That's like predicting the future. Besides, what is the real "impact" of Facebook? Which impact are we talking about? To the shareholder? To society? If he refers to the latter, I can think of no way to measure the "impact". Where is the data for that story? I'm so weird. I talk to myself all day! But it really helps to structure your thoughts. However it can be quite annonying for yourself: sometimes I can't listen to myself no more and start working. and your environment: my wife complains about me being nerdy, I stop then and start focusing on a good discussion with her, which helps. I even find myself talking to myself (in my head) when I'm with my kids playing... which is not good at all, but I have the feeling I need the time to think to solve problems. ...and changes the native scroll behavior iOS (which is much slower). Google has no respect for the native behavior Thanks for pointing this out. I am looking forward to a homogeneous scrolling experience. Still, I don't understand why google's AMP team they would change scrolling behavior in iOS 10 and lower. Still up and running :) just watched his latest snap, where he'd basically confirmed the story above. "Finding yourself" is not an end goal for me. It's a journey towards using the time I have on this planet to a) have (great) impact b) doing what I'm passionate about In other words, it is the quest to "find a mission" and not just your live on a day-to-day basis. I think this is what most of us strive for, but don't have the guts to pursue, because it means taking time of your day job, reading books, talking to people etc. And even if you find your mission there is no guarantee that you'll fulfill another necessary condition: earning enough money for you and your family. I truly believe that if more of us would start a journey to "find themselves", find a mission and drive the human race forward with their skills we'd be better off. However, the opportunity cost for this approach can be quite high, which is probably the reason just a few follow their heart and instead spend 1/3 of their lifetime (8 hrs per day) working for soulless corporates with no (or prentened) mission. I like your expression "dick moves", summarizes it quite well. John Gruber started calling static mobile navigation bars as "dickbars" [1]. Maybe we should build on that and call these moves accordingly ;-) e.g. "dicktimer" [1] https://daringfireball.net/2017/06/medium_dickbars Because you have to have a supply of lactase pills always readily available on you. I often forget my pills and thus rely on lactose free products, e.g. Lactose free cappuccino... which by the way is much easier to get in Germany than in the states (for whatever reason) The keychain holder is a good idea, never thought of it. Will check it out :) I just love Legos. I spend countless hours in my childhood building whole cities in my room... I was so excited when we got our baby boy that I bought a brand new Lego police station right away, which I've stored in the basement of ourhoise. He's now 2... we'll get there. That said, I have the feeling that when I was a kid there was a bigger variety of "joinable" toy systems. Lego has gotten so big that all of them vanished by now. However, that's just ust based on my gut feeling, I don't have real data for that The single best argument for vue is that we should not support large internet monopolies. vue is so awesome even more so once you realize that it is basically driven by a single person Sure. Then the next level will start and we will have achieved a great milestone. The way I see it though is that we are quite some time away from that point. (Unfortunately) Not entirely sure, but maybe it's your last line... To discuss it? I guess? Agree 100%. Problem is though that many airline are starting to offer WiFi connectivity. I just hope that they've built shitty systems that won't work most of the time... :) Why do you think the book is good? I've read it too, but I was not impressed. a) style and story was actually quite boring from my point of view b) I believe that the systems we have in place are much more resilient than people think (my dad was an electrical engineer building grids all over the world, I got my hypotheses from him :)) Really just asking, since I'm interested why this book is so well received Well 1.2 million euros fine is nothing to Facebook. That won't stop them from anything I think it's great that we have people researching this. However, what worries me are not the results but how we are going to deal with them. As a species we have to cope with the fact that the climate is changing, we won't reverse that so easily. This is a fact. I'd rather talk about how to overcome the obstacles exposed by this study not only the mere fact that our food is changing "for the worse". Finally, I believe for many parts of the world I suppose it isn't as bad as portrait to have a higher carbohydrate share in their meals. As far as I understand the article it states that the share of carbs is increasing. That food is lacking other nutrients seems to man made as well but the underlying reason is not climate change but agricultural methods that have changed ok, makes sense. I didn't realize it was for 3 users only. I still wonder how impressed they really are... DDG is really great! I use it on all my devices since January. I've tried it before to by changing the default to DDG on my iOS devices. However, I've always switched back to google after a couple of weeks. Not this time. Every now and then when I'm not happy with the search results, I use the "g!" Shortcut to get the google results, but the occasions I'm doing this is definitely decreasing. Fully agree. Reminds me of this: https://xkcd.com/1227/ This is sooo cool!! Quite interesting read. However, I would refrain from drawing general conclusions about democracy out of this. I guess, we as a species tend to have anger problem, no matter which societal form we live in. „The exact cost to taxpayers of idling the facility is unclear, but an internal Los Alamos report estimated in 2013 that shutting down the lab where such work is conducted costs the government as much as $1.36 million a day in lost productivity.“ Homeresque Party like it‘s 99... Oh wow, that sounds like great advice. I’m a regular 3-times sneezer for no obvious reasons, often in office building. I figured it may be related to an allergic reaction to those office floor carpets (that or I’m allergic to working as such). Since my sneezing is super loud I am looking forward to trying this technique soon! Thanks for sharing I really wonder why we have such a hard time to get along with each other... I really love those Soviet white hats. Does anybody know if they served any real purpose, or was that just soviet chic? A foreign species is waiting exactly for this to happen (cloaking ship behind the moon)... they will invade and destroy us. All because you imposed your path on us ;-) Unfortunately I cannot access the article... could anyone summarize the content? Thanks I would love to see the same analysis for millionaires. A lot bigger sample size to draw conclusions on and more relevant for many people who’s goal is to become rich one day. Unsorted list of things you could do: Grow your network, read books and learn new stuff, get jobs with great sounding titles, get jobs, where you are exposed to key stakeholders in your industry, give talks, setup a „coffee date“ every other week (meet people for 30min, don’t ask for a job, just mention you’re always interested in oppurtunities to grow, they will reach out to you when something opens up). That seems to be a very interesting article. However, it’s quite long. Anybody ok with writing a short synthesis or abstract? Thanks This is very sad and sickening. I wonder where we are headed with this. I hope that these countries will somehow start treating this stream as scarce resource, but I believe western style environmentalism is quite a stretch. If the Nile collapses Europe will see refugees streams of unimaginable magnitude. Reminds me very much of Steve. I miss him Once we are gone, they’ll all come back: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/23/wildlife-returns-... > The best start-ups keep being scooped up by the big guys (see Instagram and WhatsApp, owned by Facebook) Well, I don’t know. „Scooped up“ sounds very hostile, in reality these startups were sold for a fortune. Also, the fact that you’re able to buy an innovative startup does not necessarily mean that you’ll integrate or run it successfully. Take for example google’s Nest or Motorola acquisition. Acquiring and sustaining is quite difficult. Cool. Does anybody know an app where I can exercise like in the video? I worked in a wework Office for about a year. At first I thought the environment was great, I loved the free beer and the community. However, once we moved out, I realized how much more productive we were in our own office. We had - more space - less noise, in terms of sound and visually (you see everybody passing by through the glass and have to force yourself not to look at them. For a while we had some posters up, but we had to remove them since wework’s company policy doesn’t like that) - less distractions: in the end, the community was nice, but it didn’t help us that much, since it was quite random, there were a lot events, almost every day, the place was always busy - climate service: we had so many issues with heating/cooling, either it was too hot or too cold, it never got really fixed - cost: their meeting room system is a total rip-off, even though basic rents are okish, the meeting rooms were a real cost sucker, in many months we’d pay almost as much for meeting rooms as the basic rent We liked the culture and the spirit, but we’re much happier in our own space now, we don’t pay for meeting rooms and we can meet our relevant community whenever we want, distractions went down, productivity up. I don’t know. Isn’t that a matter of trade-offs? Sure smartphones used to have a very long battery life and were more robust in the “good old days”, but they had tiny screens and real keyboards. Even though it never broke when I let it slip, I don’t miss my old blackberry. I can so do so much more with my iPhone today that I am ok with it being less sturdy. Really, only “these days”? Don’t you think it has always been like this? I’ve been to Barcelona quite often. People are nice and friendly. One time though when I was out eating dinner with a Spanish friend from Madrid something strange happened: the waiter told her she could not order in Spanish, she needed to speak Catalan, which was totally weird since we ordered in Spanish right before she ordered. But our Spanish was of course quite bad with a foreign accent, he was ok with that. We thought that was quite rude and impolite and ended up dining somewhere else. I definitely don’t know enough to judge the whole thing. However, from what I know, as a European, the secession movement bewilders me. It strangely feels very un-European. How can we unite the continent if we start separating countries? Can we not all just get along together and not care so much about the details of our passport? Which problem is independence solving? I did not intend to be disrespectful in any way. I am - as I wrote - judging this with my limited knowledge of the matter, which is probably more or less on the same level of other Europeans watching things unfold right now. Not more, not less. Thus, no, my question was absolutely not rhetorical. Happy to hear which problem their trying to solve. And which other country is doing this today? Sure, many countries change parts of their constitution from time to time, usually through a parliament. The question was however: "So every generation has to vote a new constitution?" because earlier someone was questioning the Spanish constitution since "no one under 57 has voted on it". I don’t think I follow. What is then exactly now the difference if you compare Spain with other countries? I have been thinking about that exact service for a while. One big issue is that you need the reverse engineer the pricing models of retailers, i.e. mapping out a high-dimensional space. For that you need a lot of data from the retailers . They could probably ban you quickly if you start pulling price quotes en masse. Then you need to invest a lot in cloaking techniques etc. Oh wow, so it’s far worse than I thought. So the only way is to best-guess pricing models? Oh one thing you could do: Create a huge community of users who share their purchase data and other data.and then build the model through that died so if you want to participate and save you need to be part of the panel What about blockchain technology? That would sure help, too... Thank you. For me, the weak spot of the article is the missing data for this story. I’d like to see your whitepaper! Dunno. Show him your whitepapers?! Can somebody explain why this is big news? It looks like a standard input to me. I'm genuinely asking... From an outside perspective it is interesting to see, that a place, which is accepted as the planet’s hotbed of innovation is not able to produce a solution for this pressing problem. Maybe Elon or someone else should be city below the sea. True, and unfortunately it does not render it properly, it‘s cut after 20 chars or so They‘ll be back, once we’re gone: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/23/wildlife-returns-... Thanks, you’re right. I wasn’t aware of that. The experience is rather crappy though. Cumbersome to scroll on a smartphone screen and I’d love to see to entire statement not parts of only at a time. And that’s exactly why Apple is so often so great at innovation: they make bold trade-off decisions on behalf of the users knowing the public will beat them initially, but that it’ll pay off in the long run - for everyone. Which other company does that? You mean India and Persia I suppose :-) Which big empire was not like this? Wow, this is crazy. As a huge vue.js fan I'd argue that the percentage value would be much lower with vue. But, I’m not totally sure. I still don’t understand, which problem independence it’s going to solve for Catalonian people I vividly remember when I was handed my tuition statement at a US college. All the courses added up to a absurd number for a single semester. As an European exchange student an additional line, where this absurd number was waived saved my ass. But still, I remember how shocked I was back then. I thought: How can all my class mates afford that rate for several semesters? I think it is totally absurd that one of the most advanced nations on this planet is putting such a high tax on higher education. Education in general is so crucial for a developed country like the US that I believe it should be free (at least almost free). Same here. I simply hate sites with videos and no related text content/summary. I’ve noticed that especially news sites are increasingly employing this “feature”. I assume the main reason for this is that can force you to watch the 20-30s video ad. There is no way of avoiding it other than opening a new tab and doing something else for 30s... what a waste of life time My sister told me she bought some and that she’ll buy more soon. She also told me that the price will rise and rise. I’m not sure what to say, I’m totally stunned. But I guess that is an interesting signal showing that the pool of people who could potentially buy more and thus drive the price is tremendously big. > Lesson Ten: Mathematics is still the queen of the sciences. > When an undergraduate asks me whether he or she should major in mathematics rather than in another field that I will simply call X, my answer is the following: "If you major in mathematics, you can switch to X anytime you want to, but not the other way around." You can argue that with Physics as well. However, I have learned in my life, that there is a value in not having the option to "go back". Flexibility comes at a price. I wonder how we are going to react, when computers start acting as irrational as we do: “Nah, today’s not my day, I don’t want to do the calculation. Maybe tomorrow...”. Oh well... Oh good ol times... :wq > since the quality of hungarian education is getting worse and worse, thanks to the "reforms", which basically means they are spending less and less on education on all level I always wondered what good metrics are to measure the quality of education. Since you say “worse and worse” can you share any insight to that? I mean you could potentially refer to the OECD world rankings but somehow I don’t trust those lists, since they “feel” quite mechanistic. > A: We used a popular 3D printer. Nose was made by a handmade artist. We use 2D printing for other parts (similar to how we tricked Face Recognition 9 years ago). The skin was also hand-made to trick Apple's AI. > Q: What's the approximate cost of the mask? > A: ~ 150 USD Taken together, the second answer cannot be true. Only if the cost stated is related to material cost only, which is is only one input factor to assess the total cost of this approach Human labor cost for example, but apart from that: how many masks were used to trick Face ID? I would assume it was not prototype number 1 that did the trick Cost do matter for their claim, because given an indefinite budget every security measure can be broken. Maybe you are right. But, let’s not panic about this though. I believe this will be just a temporary hike and pushes Germany towards renewable energy sources even stronger. This list is so Silicon Valley cliche. I wish they started addressing the real problems of this planet, like overpopulation, climate change, droughts, you name it. But hey, why not help dogs talk I’ll bet there is a technology angle to this. Maybe blockchain could help here, too? Apart from the privacy issues: my niece got a “smartwatch” recently at the age of 5 with many games installed on it. She was instantly addicted to it. After she was nearly ran over by a car because she looked at the thing instead of left/right at a street her parents got rid of that thing. They said it was straight out of hell... I guess that’s a real Gretchen question... Reminds me of the smart home, which I’m still waiting for That’s exactly what I think You mean like google, facebook and amazon? I regularly forget how Bayes works. Everytime that happens I browse up to that page: https://www.bayestheorem.net/ I love the way it’s explained there. Could you explain the part that is on-topic? Uninhabitable? Maybe for humans. Wildlife grows back stronger: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/23/wildlife-returns-... Love it! But, in many countries regulation/ warranty might kill such an idea. True. The big difference between Apple and google is that Apple sells you pricey hardware, that just works. In the case of google they sell you. Thus, but Business Model alone you should not trust google if you care about privacy. It doesn’t make sense for them to stop collecting data points about you. Previous discussion on this topic: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15571627 What's your hypothesis on why they collect so much data on people? I’ve worked in many large companies, and I have never seen one using SAP or other large tools as single sources. It always has been excel. From my experience due to 3 reasons - excel is much more flexible, I can add a column, delete those I don’t want etc - speed: many of those large corporate systems are just damn slow, maybe because of stupid configurations, but still often very slow an annoying - analysis: It's easy to do some basic analysis without studying CS In the last years, I have noticed that I don’t start things because it’s much easier to hang out online like on this site. For example, I have told myself to read books. But everytime I have the time to do that, I start hanging out online. There, I still read a lot, but it’s much more fragmented and I kinda feel “drained” afterwards. I feel a lot more energized after reading a book, but somehow it’s not enough to get me started. Shame So true... Maybe a budget would work? Similar to a blocker app like 1Blocker but that works on budgets, e.g. 30min web surfing per day Great! Sounds like the modern way of living in a cabin in the woods. I think it is impractical though unless you live by yourself Oh wow. I didn’t know the answer to hatred was hatred... Miller’s law says that people can remember 7+/-2 things at a time. I think that’s why people usually like structured lists much better than a unstructured, unsorted laundry list. My thinking is this: bitcoin and other digital currencies are becoming more and more “popular” (literally). More and more “ordinary” people start investing, the barriers of participation are coming down. As long as there is a large enough pool of people willing to join the party, prices will continue to rise. The question is when to pull out. I always get nervous when cab drivers start giving me free stock advice. Hasn’t happened yet with coins. So: way to go! There you go! How many of them have an account yet? Sounds like a problem of the US. It’s not (yet) like that in Europe. We spend a lot of time outside with kids not matter how bad the weather is. I upvoted this because it’s nicely bizarre I think it’s quite dangerous to rely on such simple logic. Great ideas are not worthless and it’s not only execution that matters. The most amazing change in relationships happened between France and Germany. After having fought against each other for centuries they have developed a very close partnership. Germans love French culture/wine/food, French people admire Germany’s economic success. PS: yes I know, all anecdotal Is amazon trying to hit Apple hard? This is the second critical article about Apple on the same day. Where are the articles about amazon‘s practices? Is a sarcastic way of framing this then: he is taking from the Chinese and giving it to the blind? In the article there is a list of counties affected (measured by highest average deduction for state and local deductions). Top of the list is New York, rank 2-4 are Californian counties. So your hunch is right. Well, look at Germany. 4 weeks of holidays required by law, additionally 10-15 days of public holidays, and 35-40h work weeks. Productive as hell What is a realistic timeframe when mankind will set foot on Europa (if ever). 2200? Is there any way to predict? I’d love to visit, ain’t gonna happen I guess :/ Could anyone summarize this article? I can’t access it. Thanks It is wrong to start a sentence with “but”! It is wrong to start a sentence with “and”! It is wrong to end a sentence with a preposition! It is wrong to split an infinitive! Love it! Yes, this is exactly what the article says. In many countries, children under the age of 1 get supplements, but not after You probably don’t exist, you only think you do. That’s what you think. There is a great book called “Constructing Quarks”. Have a look Even though it claims to be critical, it is not that critical. I almost felt that I’m reading an advertisement for an amazon product I’m sure it is a normal human reaction, by my first thought was: can I eat this thing? Embarrassing In Europe there is suitsupply. They have a very different approach to in store experience even though they started as online only store. They greet you with their first name, ask some personal questions (not creepy though), and try to find out what you really need. I always feel quite welcomed there. I can totally understand that, I often feel the same way. I think it makes a huge difference how and when you are approached. That’s when a real good salesperson will show their skill. This is smart...or maybe not. Has anybody done the calculation here? I am very curious to know into how much $s the 10s translate to To my experience this is not specific to the car industry only. Many large business try to “ask customers what they want”, because “it’s all about the customer”. And while I agree that many large enterprises have ignored customers for all a long time, this new mantra is the right way either. I believe a product needs to be designed deliberately to fulfill certain customer needs/desires. The word design contains the element of making choices on behalf of the customer, seldom by customers . I think has been very successful with this approach, even though some of their tradeoff decisions haven’t been so popular, but needless to say that their products are very successful. Question is which customers are we talking about. Those who could afford a horse would have been happier yes, but I think Ford tapped into a whole new market It really depends on what people could potentially do with my data. Maybe I’m too naive right now, but what’s the worst case? (Assuming we’re talking about corporates. I don’t think it’s reasonable to suspect it’ll be possible to pay governments to keep data private) Could someone explain in laymen terms what happened and what that means? As someone who doesn't live in the States, I can't follow the article. It's strangely abstract. What are the controversial ideas he is discussing in China but not in the States? Did I miss those examples in the text? I think that would help a lot to understand problem. Somehow I think it's not ok to post pictures of your children on Facebook. Maybe, in hindsight, they don't want that once they're grown-ups. Then again, maybe that's just me thinking that That's exactly what I am hearing from my friends at amazon here in Europe. So far, however, it had no significant effect on the performance I wonder what the effect of neonicotinoids on humans is... it can’t be good This time, at least, he lists some specific examples of topics he thinks others don't want discussed. An improvement over the last post I’m starting to think that amazon might be in trouble, because of A. Fake reviews, see above B. Fake products [1] C. A growing organization, which will be slower and less like on “day 1” [2] So far, all of this has not affected their top line, but maybe will change soon. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12743316 [2] https://www.geekwire.com/2017/amazon-soars-340k-employees-ad... Great stuff, too bad it doesn’t work on the iPad :-( I love this thing. I feel like the whole family is eating healthier since we have it. My favorite food is Risotto, which comes out really great. Has anyone a very good resource for some other great recipes? I cannot access the article. Has anybody an alternative link? Or a summary? Thx My feeling: The author does not understand the human psyche well enough. People don’t buy coke because of the taste only. They buy coke because the way they feel, whenever they drink coke. A branded coke gives a whole different feeling than a generic one, which depends on several factors like brand image, price, peers, etc. Works even with pain drugs. See “Predictably Irrational” by Dan Ariely for several examples of this effect. Because it’s a lie people tell themselves to get a good feeling, at least 2-3x a day (the author 6x). You are immune to the lie :-) you gotta have a different lie to feel good. BTW: I didn’t come up with the stuff. A splendid book about that topic is “All marketers are liars” by Seth Godin Oh you mean along the lines of World = US empire I am not sure why, but it reminded me of something that happened to another small European country a while back: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyramid_schemes_in_Albania Well, what a clever man Has anyone thought about this in terms of a hype cycle [1]? Basically, the theory says that any new technology will be hyped at first and then falls into a state of disillusionment, where all the hopes of the first phase are shattered. Finally, when integration barriers etc are resolved the technology picks up. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hype_cycle It very much depends on how you define a startup What’s the ultimate value of growth anyway? If a startup is VC backed, then growth is the pathway for investors to get rich. If growth is a way to have a sustainable competive advantage of that’s a value too. However there are also enough small companies with a sustainable competitive advantage. Depends very much on your positioning etc I’d be cautious with that kind of advice. Rapport is established over time. Even if you make a terrible first impression you can make up for that during a course of an interview (for example). I wonder for a long time now: what are underlying factors for societies to be less corrupt than others? How come that many western states fare better than other countries? It’s gotta be related to what’s mentioned in the article: people valuing a larger-scale cooperation higher than a smaller-scale/immediate one. By why? Ideas/hints anyone? I agree and see the same in my circle. Luckily, I’m just a “half-addict” on Netflix, I have the ascribed compulsion only if the series is really good. I stop the semi-good ones. What’s getting worse by the day is HN, however. I don’t know why I’m even writing this right now, when I’m supposed to be with my loved ones in the living room... I must say that I have never experienced this effect. We own many furniture items from IKEA but I’d sell them (and have sold) on the spot. For me, the effect is somehow even reversed: I try to avoid IKEA as hard as I can because I feel assembling the items is not the worth the time. Well, I guess something similar like a "land reform" would be of help https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Land_reform I remember to have read that they shut down the G maps because Google expected them to force users to sign in for the full experience (eg turn-by-turn navigation, which at that time was only featured on android). That was the point at which Apple had to walk away from the deal Regarding your childcare example: while in theory interesting, it is not a good real world example, I definitely don’t think “the same amount of work is done” - we need to transfer to our locations, this will cost money and time - who takes care of the children in the meantime? - watching someone else’s kids is quite a task, if they’re not yours chances are very high it won’t be smooth So, chances are quite high that the amount of work will be quite different than watching your own kids This one has already more upvotes As a side note: I find it amazing how many private pictures the author is sharing on his public Flickr album, which is linked on the website. The number of searches has increased quite a bit from 2016 to 2017 https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/national-media-release/cbp-rele... I was skeptical at first as well, but your own stats show a different picture: the site gets a lot of views, which correlates with the upvotes. No comments is probably due to the fact that people use upvoting as a mechanism to save links to material (which might be of use later) That’s almost exactly what I think whenever people say: “Facebook has created so much value” (which is of course true if you look at the financial side of things). Sad but true That's just what you've achieved :-) Probably not the way you intended it, though I’m somehow skeptical whenever I see a CEO holding a pen on a glass wall with random math formulas on it Pigeons and humans share are more similar to each other as you’d think. Facebook has built its like button such that it resembles a famous experiment done with pigeons in 1971. (Yes it sounds awkward and it kinda is) http://alter-agency.com/2017/03/23/addicted-to-likes/ I find it interesting to observe that Apple - THE product company - works in project mode. Apple is mainly organized by function. Presumably to avoid product silos This is what I assume reading articles like [1]. Obviously, there is no direct product P&L responsibility [1] https://stratechery.com/2016/apples-organizational-crossroad... Oh dear HackerNews, how dearly I love thou, but how many hours of me life has ye taken already? I’d rather not know If I get asked this question, I always stop intentionally as if I’ve never been asked this before, look out of the window (if there is one), then look back at the interviewer and say - with lots of pathos: well, I guess I’m too much of a perfectionist I had one guy who was serious about this and I learned a lot through that: he sincerely asked this, but differently: “What are the things you are working on to be better at?” At first, I was kinda startled and couldn’t answer really, tried to bullshit him like the answer I gave above. He called it though and said that he is disappointed by such an answer and that he’d expect everybody to work on 2-3 things. Otherwise, he concluded, there is a lack of introspection to be assumed. Fair point, I thought I wish we’d stopped discussing the effects and started discussing potential mitigation measures My mother lost one of her siblings (a small boy of 4) 65 years ago. She still talks about it and becomes very sad. I think life was just much much crueler and a lot lot worse than it is today. Google owns a browser . They should be able to measure average load times for every page on this planet from almost any location (Of course User permission must be granted, but shouldn’t that be feasible?) funny reaction: https://mobile.twitter.com/Crawfordtx/status/951659140786552... Interesting. What might happen? There you again: it is useful to have a testing environment. https://nwschat.weather.gov/p.php?pid=201801131825-PHFO-NOHW... :-) I must say though, that for a non-native English speaker, Aussie sounds indeed much more British than American. Side question. I’ve been always wondering: how has the American accent evolved? Where does it come from? Is there any region in Britain that sounds American? Or did just evolve independently as a mix of British and something else? And: since when is it that different? Did Lincoln had an American accent?! Is there any fast alternative? yes sure, I get that. But: I am looking for an alternative, that you can't "mess around" with, the one, that can't be configured to death. I guess "medium" is an obvious choice if you are looking for a log only, but I have no idea how fast their site really is Any infrastructure project. Always. Wherever. Here’s the link to the official “Day 0” page: http://coct.co/water-dashboard/ I always wondered why you can buy a lot of H2O filled fruits like grapes from South Africa in Europa. They must have some enourmous amounts of water if they can export it. Maybe the price of water isn’t high enough yet or can’t be paid? My point is: if there’s a case to fly water (in form of grapes) to Europe, why would they not move water from one place in SA to another? Well that depends on the use case, right? People do use Medium for blogging, you don’t need WP to setup a blog these days From the article: - Venezuela leads unsurprisingly with 89 per 100,000 - Chile has the lowest number, 3.3 per 100,000 Compare that to - Germany: 0.3 - US: 4.9 Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intention... What a sad story. I’ve been thinking about quitting amazon because of these people. However, it’s just so convenient that I find myself still ordering stuff there. Maybe, I should reconsider. True point. But then again, we as consumers demand everything to become cheaper and cheaper so that we can buy more stuff we probably don’t need. You could argue that he’s just fulfilling our desire within current labor laws. That depends on your job Same here. I’m also worried that a lot of people around the globe will lose their hard earned savings. Think about, it’s the first time in human history that a Ponzi scheme can go global thanks to modern communication tools and low barriers to participate. Most coins/ICOs are currently selling a dream. Nothing more Great photos, I’m so glad that they weren’t posted on Instagram... Nice round-up at the bottom of the page: In the end, the Boneyard gets us all. Good catch. I’m not familiar with the original Ponzi scheme, but as far as I know Madoff was targeting rich people. The crypto scheme has reached the gambling masses at scale Meanwhile, earthers get crazy mining crypto currencies... I’m sure some idiot will come up with a plan to monetize this through an ICO. Taking bets on this starting now Great point. Reminds of a very good book. If you haven’t read “Good strategy, bad strategy” by R. rumpelt, you definitely should: Out of the myriad shifts and adjustments that occur each year, some are clues to the presence of a substantial wave of change and, once assembled into a pattern, point to the fundamental forces at work. The evidence lies in plain sight, waiting for you to read its deeper meanings. I think of it in terms of: do customers already know that they want/need it - alternativly phrased - does is it solve a current customer need/painpoint? Taking that into account, google is indeed rather a red ocean idea. Whereas, the iPhone was a Blue Ocean product. The original iPhone was a bad phone to make calls with, it didn’t know MMS and no App Store. Many would prefer a Blackberry back then for serious stuff. But, is was magical enough to create a new market through its appeal.