That's simple. If you want to hire a $150k developer, you offer $150k. If you want to hire a $60k developer, you offer $60k. You then interview people untill you find somebody with the potential that you are looking for. For the employer, it doesn't change much. They just lose some negotiating power. Now, from the employee point of view, all the trashy jobs are correctly marked, what will save a lot of his time. Also, he gets a small bonus in negotiation power. If you are a great developer (say, you are better than 99% of them), just marking what jobs are not fit for you will reduce the time spent on getting a job by orders of magnitude. That's the difference between the job board being useless to being usefull. As a consequence, one can hope (not a certain thing) that great developers will flock into a system like this, so that would become the place to go to get great developers, and as a consequence all the great jobs go there. Launching and quitting your job don't have to happen at the same time. Most companies choose a stack and keep it. Developers don't even get a say. Everything is huge in China. That doesn't mean that most chineese can order something online and receive it at their door. (I don't know if they can. But your comment is a non-sequitour.) What? Do B&N tel you that you can't backup their ebooks on their marketing material? I dunno. Testing their ideas by the cheapest possible procedure seems like something that every startup should. Maybe there are exceptions, but that's not obvious at all. It's ok that sometimes the cheapest possible option is still quite expensive. That isn't reason to use anything more expensive. It is also true that not all startups that do it will succeed, and that not all startups that don't do it will fail. But it looks like the kind of thing that will increase the chances of any startup, not just a subset of them. Makes one wonder how the entire Lean Movement first appeared at manufacturing... Yep, the advices on the Lean Startup gides is quite directed at software, but it is an specialization of a more general idea. You teach lean thinking to his boss. (And make no complains, just teach it.) Infix notation is compact. That makes it better for parsing by humans with limited short term memory. If you put it inside your brain, and it assumes the tasks of each neuron when it dies, what's the difference? Also, can you cross the same river twice? I still disagree. Since inception patent law is heavily lobbied (except that in some cases lobby didn't have a name yet), and legislators refuse to fix its very visible flaws. About the same patter repeated on every country. The entire buleting stands for: "We take these risks very seriously. We analised it, and concluded that we shouldn't take this risk seriously." It's crowdsourced, so you shouldn't comply about the site, but its audience. Anyway, I agree that if my C# code compiles, it does probably work. Just like Java, C# makes it hard to shoot yourself on the foot (and also to shoot at all, like somebody already said here). On RSA, knowing ay of the factors used is enough to break the key. Thus, you brute force 256 bits RSA with the same number of tries that you brute force 128 bits AES. Or, in other words, when you create a 256 bits RSA key, it's guaranteed that one of the factors will have at most 128 bits. Thus, it's only as strong as a 128 bits AES against brute force. But anyway, that's a moot point, because criptoanalysis exists, and there are better than brute force attacks against both algorithms. Probably the enitire community of security researchers did review OpenSSL, gnutls or GPG, maybe only once, but they did. (Didn't you?) Anyway, pulic development was the anwer that I'd give here. Keep in mind that even the researchers often make mistakes when they implement the algorithms, and the main reason that their implementation is better than the GP's or mine is not because they know more (altough they do know more), but because there are knowledgeable people doing QA on it. Anyway, you are idiot only if you use your own imlementation for anything serious. There is no problem in rolling your own crypto if you only do it for fun. I don't realy like rocking a boat... but quantum cryptography can't realy be used in practice. Or, better, any practical implementation of quantum cryptography is succeptible to attacks. And the entire thing still needs an authentication method, guess what we use for authentication nowadays. That comes from the second law of thermodynamics. Setting a bit on the computer reduces its entropy, so it must dissipate enough heat to increase the entropy of the Universe by at least the same amount. Notice that this only applies to setting it into a known value. In theory there are some operations that we can do without dissipating any heat. As I said, that's by the second law of thermodynamics... There is a nice tought" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxwell%27s_demon>tought experiment linking thermodynamics to information theory. And guess what, experiments agree with the theory. After you have the theoretical framewok done, it is just a matter of applying the Boltzmans" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boltzmann%27s_entropy_formula&#... entropy formula , and you are done. As much as I hate the current US patents situation, the USPTO can't do much about it. Bad patents can get submited as many times as the holder wants, but the USPTO can only mistake a bad patent for a good one once, and it's granted. I've just tried it. That code compiles without warnings by the default configuration of gcc version 4.4.5 (Debian 4.4.5-8) in my desktop (it's an up-to-date Debian Stable install). If the default settings of gcc included throuwing out warnings for every time a function is declared without parameters and missing the void, lots of people would complain, and loud. It's a very common construct. 26,000mAh Please, those letters have meaning. You can't just replace them at will. Yes, and the most common way of achieving that is by showing me ads, not by selling my photos. Now, why should I have assumed the latter, and not the former? Hell, I don't have an Instagram acount anyway... They are equivalent. None of them is weaker. And, by the way, your PC (Von Neuman architecture) is an example of finite automatum. I've seen the FA formalism used in computing theory a few times. Yet, I'm also missing whatever enlightment the author is looking for. But, if for no other reason, it's worth learning just because it's a very nice tool. Microkernels could use some hardware optimizations... And most of those optimizations are good for virtual machines too, so they'll get done. In due time, message passing kernels will get so much faster than interruption based ones that we'll ask ourselves why we used monolitical kernels all this time. (And somebody will have to explain that microkernels used to be slow, and this person will be met with skepticism.) That said, the computers we had at the 80's and 90's were completely unfit for microkernels. Mach was about the best you could have by then. (But all that discussion about microkernels is an irrelevant sideline. Linux got adopted because it was there, if it weren't we'd probably use some version of BSD instead.) But those are worse than UNIX, not better. "By the time employees think about taking a job elsewhere, it's often already too late." Is that really true? Well, not for me. Every time I changed jobs, it was because of the money. The only time I worked in a bad environment, my boss was let go before I quit. All those times, if I could receive a bigger salary without changing jobs, I'd probably stay there. The elephant in the room is always how well the Linux driver for the GPU works (if it exists). Or, to put it in another light. As a non-victim, it's easy to conclude that just about 1% of the people have some random bad behaviour. As one of the 0,5% that are victims, it's quite obvious that there are 2 jerks for each one of your kind, and they have nothing better to do. > Why do we always want to declare a winner? You are right. But I came to that page after reading about a faster and smaller JSON at HN, thus I was expecting to find a faster and smaller JSON. It's just another case of bad marketing hurting a brand. > The thing I noticed about NoSQL is that, at least with Mongo, you just end up putting your schema in your app. And, in my point of view, that is the main advange of NoSQL. You can distribute all the schema related functionality while keeping the data centralized in a server. Of course, you'll only want to do that when the performance requirements are hight enough that the centralized schema becomes a botleneck... What of course isn't a problem when you are prototyping and have no user yet. Or, in other words, the article is right on the mark. There aren't enough competent programers to automatize the entire world. Of course, if I was hiring for an IT company, I'd look for the best... But most of the world will have to content themselves with poor programers. Anyway, poor programers work their best (less worst) in strong typed environments. That includes a very restricted schema on the database. It's much better having them write queries that nobody could read than having them insert data that nobody could read. Typed languages add a ton of boiterplate to what would be simple operations. That slows you down, more than most people notice. Now, that said, explicity typing makes it easier to catch a lot of mistakes, and helps you keeping you data consistent. It's very usefull... But slows you down. As a conclusion, you want to explicitly type anything that is important, but also wants to keep the explictly typed data to a minimum. (What makes optional typing, like in Haskel very interesting.) And, in nearly all the applications all the important data (and very little unimportant data) goes to the DB. > But I'm not convinced that it's easier to use a stylus than a finger to tap buttons. I have an stylus based ereader. It is great to get some document and make notes all over it. For example, it is great to put a circuit diagram in it, and then redraw lines, add parts, draw arrows, etc. It feels like paper, except that it's slower and easier to erase. You don't get that with a keyboard. Seems that Brazil was not shaped by "war", but by "military". I'd say it's right on the mark. What, I just created an account in Ad-Sense, and got a thread of emails explaining to me how can I use it, with a dicount coupon. After I failed to use it, I got another thread of emails, each time more personal, with hints and phone numbers I could call to get a personalized campaign, and an increase in the coupons discount. Now, about each 6 monts I get physical mail from Google with phones and coupons, each time with a more elaborated impression (they tought about nice paper, credit-like cards, nice envelopes). All this time I've given Google no money at all. > shouldn't be very hard Somebody already published one in SourceForge. I realy doubt MS can't do that. But then, MS's strategy is to risk their PC dominance to make inroads at portables. Such a patch would antagonize their (failing) marketing efforts. My parents could use their new Win8 computer quite well. But then, after seeing lots of tutorials, trying things for a long time and exploring all the new interface, they asked "Can't you really put a start menu on that thing?" It's not the end of the world. But it's not a good interface either. Thanks a lot. I've just got one Arduino, and was wondering where to start :) Well, unless the project manager is a "professional" as in the article, yes, it would solve the problem. Congratulations, if you have statistical relevance on those numbers, you've just clustered your clients into too different populations. Now, you just need to discover why one of the populations had better results than the other, and act acordingly. Don't forget to do actual A/B tests to verify your hypotesis. Not dangerous, but completely useless. Self signed certificates are only usefull if you communicate them by another medium. And even then, browsers make it quite hard to manually add certificates. That may be because they are big. (YC may not be big in terms of money invested, but they are in terms of number of startups.) It may also be because they somehow help those startups succeed. Thus, they don't pick winners, they make winners. Another possibility is that successful startup founders self select themselver into those founds. Django was recently ported, but South wasn't, and then there are the CMS packages - Mezzanine didn't even start, and I don't see how one can even discover the Django-CMS status. When you get to the top, every way is down. Currently (well, before the portables took over) everybody has a Windows machine, and buys Ofice for it. Once people change to non-Windows machines, they don't get more numerous , thus, if MS drops the price to stay competitive, revenue will go down. Yes, they do, they also get richer. But changes in population and economy aren't quick enough to compensate for an order of magnitude drop in price. At least not at the short term. > How do you show that something is not caused by a hidden Z? By doing a controled study. Of course, in this case, we're better not knowing than paying that kind of cost. > If we go on that, then you'd have to find another event that occurred at similar rates in similar geographic areas. There are lots of events that correlate with income (thus, with the geographical distribution). And lots of them correlate with the fall or raise of crime in the article. Getting an event that correlate with both raise and fall of crime, like lead intoxication does, will be harder. But I doubt it's impossible. The thing is, we have a causal nexus, we have the correlation, but we have no idea how strong the nexus actualy is, so we can't conclude the correlation is caused by the nexus. And we won't discover, because we won't conduct the kind of experiments needed for it. Depends on how good that other person is, doesn't it? Is that required by some local law? Or was that insurance needed for your clients to trust your product? > Humans do not get offended when their car doesn't start because it's out of gas and doesn't offer an apology. > Humans do not get offended when they click to a cable channel that they aren't subscribed for and an expression of sympathy isn't displayed. > Humans do not get offended when the hold a hammer by the "business end" and try to drive a nail in with the handle, and an "I'm sowwy!" flag doesn't pop out of it. Well, I think you should reevalutate that info. Except for the second case, if people know they shouldn't get the show, people do in fact get offended by those innanimate objects. To the point of yelling to them. Sounding like a human will add more value than removing every word you can. Unless, of course your target audience isn't human or doesn't like to read human generated text (a trait that everyone seems to aquire while in front of a UNIX system). Sounding like a human will make people read more of your message than simply making it brief, and understand it better. Also, it will make people like it more. But that doesn't means that you should apologize. You must give all your messages the same personality, and some kinds of personality just don't apologize... Before I proclaim that I'd love this I only have one question. How much will it cost? Not a very good tought when you can only fail once. For some reason, I never could do the exercises of programming books. When I started them, in the end I had a completely different program that solved something that affects me. I also could never read a programming book from the start to the end. When I used the language a lot and used the book as reference, I read all the pages somewhen in a several months interval, and in some random order. When I didn't use the language a lot, I just didn't finish the book. Nowadays the best reference is online, so while books are still good for giving me a start, there is a long time that I don't finish one. If you never learned it, how do you know if a language is good for solving a problem? I often choose a random language for solving a small problem, so that I can learn it. It's often not the best language for the problem, but it shows what the language is good for. For me a monolithic resource is great for getting started in a language, but most books are too deep, so I normaly don't finish them. It changes the aerodynamics properties, that are what protect us from most impacts. Sounds like a very common issue with human learning too. My bank requires Java. For safety. > Is there a built-in certificate on Nokia phones that accept the proxy server certificate (which must be a wildcard for everything)? Excatly. Many DBMS have a SELECT FOR UPDATE statement just for those cases you want to lock everybody out while just reading. The main repository is for free software, the non-free repository is for non free software, and the contrib repository is for free softwre that you must agree to some non-free license to actualy use (because they depend on non-free software, they are just installers, or for any other reason). Those are not different tiers of software stability. Debian has the unstable, testing and stable distros, that move on different speeds and are subject to different amounts of testing. You'll need more than pretty graphics to convince people to try yet another sodoku app. Yes, those pretty graphics are important, and people getting their first sodoku game on the phone may switch to your game because of them. But almost everybody that likes sodoku already has one installed, and they still have to find you at their search results. I know some three of four people like that. It's ok to just use transactions all the time when you don't need performance, but those transactions come with a cost, and normaly most queries of a system won't need them. Check out Python. You'll regret spending time with C#. "serious games" I get a smile in my face every time I see those two words toghether. Funny thing that the author gets a Transformer, and then claims that tablets may have a chance now that MS "invented" the hybrid PC. I've recently brought a Transformer for upgrading my 2008 laptop. The main differences are: - The tablet needs rooting, I could find no good development enviroment for Andoid, but Debian runs well as a userspace system. (Asus distributes the rooting software, I wouldn't even buy it otherwise.) - The tablet has less USB ports (but has more I/O options). It still wasn't a problem, but I've already needed more than the laptop had. - The tablet's keyboard is smaller, but better designed. Up to now, I'd say they are equivalently hard to use. - The tablet has a slightly slower processor, but enough battery for an entire day with keyboard, or an entire working day without keyboard (the laptop lasted for 3 hours), and weights about 10% of the laptop's weight. Also, it's smaller (10" vs. 14") what is both good and bad. - Touchscreens are simply great. It's still worse than a proper desktop, but it is much more convenient than plugging a mouse at a laptop. - Also, you can unplug the keyboard when you just want to browse the web or read something, getting a much more convenient format and just half the weight. A (clueless about he web) designer creates a bealtiful page design with gorgeous picture and plenty of different fonts. Then, a manager (clueless about the web) likes it and aproves the site, and it falls on a developer's desk to actualy create such a site. Take a second look at the Forbes site, and think about how you would create that design. I can think of two ways, one of them requires some insight, and the other one requires reimplementing every functionality of the browser (or living them out). That's because kernels perform differently from user software (they have more optimizations available), and a lot of big code needs that extra performance. That's a fact that still didn't change, but user level code is getting more powerful (mainly for virtual machines), and computers are still getting faster. So, it's still too early to declare the race finished. Anyway, none of that has any relevance to how one should organize user level code. It controls for etnic variables, by using trends instead of comparing raw numbers and some more advanced techniques. It can not control for family because it was population-wide, not person-wide (and yes, that is a flaw that the authors acknoledge). > What is that supposed to mean? It means that, when you read a study, also read the name of the entity financing it. > Is there not an analogous C++ library to take care of ugly details? No. In general, there isn't an analogous library at the more static-explicit languages (it doesn't matter much what library you choose). There are libs that people use when they have similar requisites, but they rarely are analogous. There is just one action on the post that will have dire consequences if ignored: disabling the ssh password authentication. The rest are decisions that you don't need to rush into, and things you should learn when they make sense. Be advised that "the proper way to configure a server" is an elusive beast, you'll be always improving it, it's never done. > root login should be disabled completely Would you care to explain why? And, yet, the best practice seems to require an user account with full sudo priviledges. If you know the difference between that and root, please explain it, because I can't see any. If you don't have time to test, you have yet another reason to not automate updates. It's better to run them only when you are around and have some time to fix whatever goes wrong. > It is almost certainly being used for phishing attacks now. And the solution is to teach users about phishing. That's the only sane route, it's what everybody is doing and, by the way, and it mostly works (despite some ISPs, governments and banks trying hard to teach people that they must click on every unreliable warning). > An attacker might give the user the idea that a message was digitally signed by using HTML mail. That's a bug in your reader. Funny thing is that Debian is already at Google Play. The problem of sudo is that it's so easy to make a mistake in your command (and in sudoers). That's a security flaw in itself. Also, you can always sudo bash, or sudo su. You have a point about that extra password. But not about SELinux and RBAC being created because of that, nor in comparing the security of a system with root to one where eveybody is root. All said, I'm still unconvinced. The logging isn't that usefull (I've tried it), and the extra password isn't relevant enough. Also, none of them will detain a malicious user (Linux has very week defenses against you grabing your own password). No. We should either get our heads down and code or get our feet dirty and go find some customers. As a side note, we shouldn't be reading Hacker News either. Much less commenting. Well, you'll hate it, but even after you discover what is the class of your object, you'll still have no idea what methods it implements, and what attributes it has. In Python any of that can (and do) change. Sometimes that is frustating. I suffered a lot until I understood the Django's forms API. But this feature is worth the cost. He wants to test text editors, not programming environments or IDEs. He makes that quite explicit. By the way, I'm an emacs fan. You need a certain mindset to start using a newer technology, and that mindset won't make you prone to write enterprizy code. Or, in other words, the place that makes that kind of architecture won't allow the developers to touch anything that's not Java or .Net. I'd say that if nobody thinks that the idea will fail, it probably will. If it's so obviously good, why didn't anybody succeed with it yet? That said, you should tell them. You should also tell them that they can change their idea any time they want, and that they don't need a great idea, a good one with great implementation is enough. Let me see... Ca-ching sound vs. boring rationality... How can rationality work if nobody can know how those weard hackers think? Ca-ching for the world! (Yeah, in case you are wondering, I know what is wrong with that, you don't need to point out.) Anyway, the most likely explanation is that Legal is following their procedures, and as usual for procedures, there can be no exception (or rationality). Count me as another vote for exporting the data. I wouldn't hire your hosting, but I'd take a look at it if it was an independent tool. Anyway, I'm signing for updates because I know people that would be interested on your current offering. > Snapshots are stupid in the case of a content addressable, immutable data store. Well, the KDE incident proves otherwise. Other benefits are that it will get confused with the usual radius symbol (because it's exactly the same), and may be used to name an angle. For replacing ssh they need a priviledge escalation anyway, and after such escalation SELinux makes no difference. Unless, of course, you run apache as root. Bu then, SELinux won't protect you either. > (ie: if I borrow 100 BTC from you today, I only will have to repay you 75 BTC two months from now Interest is almost* always non-negative. I'll only lend you those 100 BTC if you pay me something more than I'll have if I didn't lend them. That makes a BTC based economy more prone to hoarding, and less prone to investing (what is clearly a bad thing), and also more prone to hoarding and less prone to spending (what economists think is a bad thing - I have no idea why). * The exceptions to this rule are not systemic, normaly appearing in times of disruption. You can't base an economy on them. You can easily build an in 1:2e9 scale replica of the Solar System. You'll just need a 90cm sphere to use as the Sun, some 4-5 km of area do arrange things and a paquimeter for measuring the planets. At this scale, everything is just about as big/small as one can manipulate. Bu you won't be able to place the Voyager in there. For that you'll need a car and a road trip. I just can't use them. I activate the number-pad every time I play. That said, I'm more of an emacs guy. The message is exaclty that. If they actualy can or can not read the messages is left as an excercize to the reader. What I can say with certainty is that the communications are not as secure as the article make them look like. Apple can still get you, and they can still get Apple... You did lose the point here: > 6. CLR Integration allows you to write a lot of things in C# (or VB.NET) [2] You can also use a Mono plugin at Postgres, just like Perl, Python, C, C++, Lisp, Haskel, R-Cran... But it's not that, #6 was about the core functionality of the DBMS changing. For example, you can add new index types at Postgres with plugins, and people do add them. Once somebody wrote a plugin for manipulating SQL queries at what was at the time an object oritented database called Postgres. That's how deep you can go. > 10. Unicode is there by default if you use nchar/nvarchar/ntext columns, there's no problems unless you choose to use char/varchar/text instead Yeah, Unicode is used by default if you tell the DBMS to use Unicode... Thus, it's not the default. I'd agree that this is not a big problem. That's my main argument for using Postgres: 1 - At the start of your project's life, you'll want it because it's free as in beer. Except for ease of developping (where Postgres is also great), nothing else matter. 2 - Later, when you need some performance, even if you have a usage patter where Postgres is slower, you'll discover that the price of any of the other DBMS is highter than just adding hardware. Thus, free as in beer wins again. 3 - If you get huge, you'll discover that free software is a big deal, and the limitations of the proprietary DBMS add a huge amount of drag. Free as in speech wins now. That still depends. It'll depend on the size of query X number of queries, type of data, coverage of your indexes (what depend on your actual data), and a ton of other factors. I'm not even sure there is somebody out there capable of correctly measuring this. You may need to go with a fast biased study anyway. Also, why are you assuming Postgres is slower? Economies get in a liquidity trap must faster than division becomes a problem. The difference is so marcant that almost nobody even talked about divisibility before the bit coin people. Anyway, I'm not sure the expression "liquidity trap" means anything when talking about bitcoins. Well, the phones and tablets get less underpowered and restrictive each day. Current phones are way more powerfull than PCs were when Napster was launched. They could easily run something like it today. As they are also powerfull enough to decide what to do with meta tags (or the more modern semantic ones) and to keep several dictionaries of data in place. They just don't do that for marketing reasons. I also think that things CAN change, but I doubt that change is that inevitable as you say. If you think Randal calculated the entropy wrong, state so, and show the error. Your argument from incredulity won't add anything to the discussion. Yes, he could. But he didn't. If he did that, the page would tell you that your password is wrong, and you'd contact support. The attacker probably didn't change any password, because it would be futile. Also, the attaker could also change the account email. Neither tokens nor email confirmation would help. The biggest problem is for people that used the same password on Linode and any other important service. (And, of course, all the CC stuff...) Quantum mechanics certaninly leads to a very informatic view of the Universe... The problem is that this is human bias. You can describe any theory by information manipulation, and it is as good a description as any other. Etiher there are some stupid people making local policy at Samsung Taiwan, or in the places with less chances of getting caught they got away with it. Gone, with half of the compressed file size. Lots of people will serve the two versions. If my bank sent me an email with a link, I'd be yelling to my account manager in a few minutes. One of the pieces of research he cites (the one I've actualy read :) concludes that faking it will make it easier for you to feel it from whithin. Going off topic... The "technical debt" term was created to explain the situation in a way that your boss (that knows a bit about money) could understand and make usefull analogies. Framing it in terms of entropy, altough more precise won't achieve any of those goals. > How could you convince anyone to give up their mesiah? Yeah, you don't. But you let them fail, and then convince the next generation that their elder's messiah is a fraud. Mainly by being very vocal, and using the failures to showcase your point. In a while, either everybody realise what they're worshiping is just some normal piece of data, or you started another holly war. If you get the basics of assembly programming, and read any periferal's datasheet (get a simple one), you'll notice that there is protocol for accessing the periferal. If you can understand that protocol and know how you can write C code that conforms to it, you know "microprocessor programming". If not, well, you may need to learn assembly, C, or something else entirely (but probably not EE), and the experiment will help you discover what exactly you need. Lol. They ARE that easy to write. Debugging, by the other side... In a sane market, people would learn not to preorder after something like that. Nut games isn't a sne market. Most people with experience on it move away. Isn't that exactly what browsers ask you when you click in "Save as"? Ok, it's not "display in browser", it's just "display" (or "open"), but what's the difference? The browser is enforcing that, unless you tell it not to, like you always can with a browser. At least it's not Javascript. > Also, as far as I'm aware this issue is only really with PDF files, as virtually every other MIME extension is not supported by a browser. It's worse with XML files, source code and some kinds of data files (generic separated by char). Browsers try to open those, and remove important data from the display (and the copy buffer). Well, put your liabilitites into your balance sheet. It's your company, the only one you'll fool by taking them out is yourself. And you are a fool if you want to fool yourself. But yeah, if you are investing in other people's companies, you must seek those. Yes, the first querry is correct, and the second one will return incorrect results if you don't keep the consistency of your database in check. No, the Django ORM is not correct in unsing the correct query by default. At least not on every database backend. That's because on any database that enforeces constraints, it already created the necessary checks, and altough functionaly they are equivalent, that line can mark the difference between a 5ms or a 45 minutes runtime (that's what happens with my data, not a hypotetical case). There is more to a framework than mathematical correctness. But then, it should certainly have an option to always use the correct query, and it is a lot of implementation work that I can understand quite well that Django developers don't want to do now. They probably have other priorities. And by the way, as I said, this is a problem to me (but no, not important enough that makes me fix it now, maybe later), but did I stop using an ORM just because of an abstraction leakage? Of course not, I encapsulated a solution to this problem and gone on, earning lots of man-hours at the 99% of my code where Django's ORM doesn't leak. That's my main disagreement with the article. Yes, ORMs are stupid, but not using one just because of that is stupid. And yes, if you let Django templates go, you can easily cut 9ms of your response time. That's great! I wonder how much you'll cut if you rewrite it all on assembly. At the time Java gained its fame, the GUI applications were unresponsive , not slow. They could lock at any time, for a perceptible few hundreds of miliseconds, but had still a nice average speed. You also don't know what the inflation will be before that. That's the most popular form of savings confiscation. I guess (but I'm still not sure) that his main point is that there is no place for somebody that doesn't "learn how to invest" himself. It used to be that people could choose to be extra flexible and get a better position because of that. Today, as he states - I'm not sure I agree, people have to be extra flexible to get anything at all. Too bad you just gave it to Intel, and over plain text. You denormalize SOME joins. On nearly all of the cases, they are very usefull, but once in a while one of them gets too slow, so you make a bit more of work enforcing the consistence by hand, accepts a bit more of risk, and denormalize it. Throwing all of them away because a few may create problems later is a bit of an over reaction. > 'No' and a link to the relevant reason and workaround should be fine Yes, the original answer is "just" missing the link. As is also the answer to the why comment. There are a couple of problems at play here. The first one is that it become fashonable to remove features, and this is not just an open source trend, instead of making softwre that fills a ninche, everybody is trying to build the same 10% of the features that 80% of the people use 90% of the time. (And let's forget that those other 10% of the time are still important for 100% of the people, ok?) Another problem is that unless the user develops it, open source development is not user oriented... Well, proprietary software development isn't either, (only softwre developed in-house is really made for you) and both will cut costs in places you don't like sometimes. That. Every language solves that with a desambiguation rule. In haskell, the first matching line runs. It's no worse than the way C, Java, and family solve the if-else ambiguity, for example. Yes, but recreates the "a value must be true in a boolean context" problem discussed in the PIP. > Linux is not a community driven effort... 75% of the code being contributed was by paid developers. Altough, yes, your point was taken, you have a weard definition of community that excludes profit motivated people. Hidden modals is the kind of fun people miss in KDE. But when I use Windows, I'm not bold enough to just click enter on whatever I'm not seeing to get the program back. I'll kill it on control panel before that. > You will have a lot of mini libraries that you will put together to fit your needs. Like a framework? That. And even if they get sentience, why will they get an ego, or greed (or any kind of desire that is not satisfying our desires)? The machines probably just won't think they are slaves, because they probably won't be able to define themselves. It has the potential for a "quantum speedup" in the way that D-Wave's marketing defines that term. Just keep in mind that it has no resemblance to the usual meaning in a quantum computing context. The D-Wave is not a quantum computer (as the term is normaly used), and was never meant to be one. There are a few complications, like the impossibility of clonning a state, and the rsult being probabilistic. Also, there is the entire "let's operate that in a mixture of all possible integers" thing, but when I got to read about it, it was surprizinly possible to understand. Yes, the problem is about expectations. D-Wave told everybody that they made a quantum computer, when in fact they've redefined the term to mean something else. Well, that something else is working, and altough a nice physics experiment, it still lacks any real world utility. > a fundamental requirement to do quantum computing Yes, and it's a necessary, but not sufficient requirement. They don't have a quantum computer by the usual meanning of that term, but they have a different kind of computer, that may or may not do something better than a normal computer. That question is kind of meaningless. The D-Wave computer solves a problem. That problem defines the computer. It's a general problem (I don't know if it's turing complete), thus it's a gneral computer. The problem is that a classical computer can solve the problem faster. In other words that means that a classical computer can emulate the D-Wave faster than the original hardware. That. TDD isn't lean. Writting tests for things that were already proven is. The toal energy released is the same. The total energy released on the impact is quite different. Not at all. Diagnostics may be more common at the US, or mis-diagnostics. Or maybe they are just over reacting to those two problems. But both problems happen all over the world. >Is there such a "database", which:...? As far as I know, no, all of them are lazy and load only what you query into the memory. But if your data fits in memory, it'll stay there, and subsequent queries will be faster. Also, you can take the quotation marks from database, you have some quite generic requisites, most of them implement all requisits, except for the caching at startup one. Yes, I generate them at random, and keep them at my password database, right next to the actual password for the service. That makes them absolutely useless, it's true. And it is the most usefullness you can extract from them. I'd throw them away, but lots of services make you anwser them once in a while. Think about monkeyspaw's answer, but also think about changing your users or the product. But first think about monkeyspaw's answer, not mine. It's possible. But it's very unlikely. I'm yet to meet a person that don't think this way. Some books appeal a million people, you can ask $1 for those, and be quite ok. Other books appeal a thousand people, if you get $1 from everybody that thinks about buying those, you'll get $1k at the bank. > And you also don't tend to put up signs like that unless your goal is to change everyone's behaviour. Yes, "you" do. You specificaly may not do that, probably most people around here will not do that, but lots and lots of people do, enough so that most signs are put down by this kind of people. Here in Brazil such kinds of compensation are explicitly non-taxable. The employer can even give it in an specific moretary instrument (not money, but something traceable), and won't pay taxes over it. > I'm hesitant to add a job change to those big personal life changes unless I have no choice. And what other evidence are you waiting for untill you decide that you have no choice? Yes, a title that refers to schooling is dependent on schooling. If you want a title to mirror your ability, choose one that refers to abilities. (And again, yes, due to hystorical reasons, those are rare. Want to start a trend?) Well, wealth is subject to entropy. We usualy call it "expenses". Don't define your text width in pixels. Looks like RAID 1. You probably expected something like RAID 5, well, you are right, it's not. Unix is social. Where do you think the Internet comes from? It started as a social network of people sharing data in tapes. > This ensures the key is never transferred somewhere it can be copied. But it does not ensure that the computer will add another entry to the authorized_keys file in the host as soon as you access it. Or install a rootkit there with another kind of backdoor. If you don't trust your computer, don't give it access to your servers. There is no requirement for any other level in a domain, except for the TLD. I'm sad for our neighbours... At the same time, I really hope we manage to not do the same mistakes here at Brazil. It aledgely encripts all your data at the local machine, before sending it to the server. Now, of course, if you are truly paranoid, you'll want to review their code first. I don't get why I can't simply mount a volume with encription and write there. Using code that is already on my machine (on the kernel, nonetheless) would make it a much simpler decision. Our computers are even more sensitive to radioactivity than our bodies. Maybe yes with a drone based on TTL or some other "old" standard. Probably no with CMOS... Well, with a nuclear plant on board, I guess one can generate enough energy for a TTL computer. There is a TED talk (I don't remember the presenter's name, talk date, or anything else) where the presenter basicaly asks: "When your children grow up and asks you why you didn't follow your dreams, do you want to answer - It was because of you?" At the same time, yes, it's very hard. Yeah, and there are lots and lots of instances of illegaly gotten media installing spyware. You don't need a perfect track record to be the safest option. Metal is a substance where the electrons flow "freely" in a lower potential created by the nuclei. That's different from, for example covalent crystals, where electrons are "locked" into a region, and ionic composts, where electrions distribution is quite like the one on free atoms. Now, I put "free" and "locked" inside quotes because they are not completely so. There is a continuum, and no substance is at the extrema. Also, at astronomy "metal" has a completely different meaning. That's a good question, but always keep in mind that polynomial time doesn't imply that it'll be faster than the currently used algorithms on any real application. > "How we made those lead bullets" Optimize something, reduce the running time by a few ms, optimize something else, reduce by some more ms, repeat 8 hours a day, with several people in paralel for a few months. The concept of a "lead bullet" implies that the history won't be interesting to read, just some repetitive boring hard work. Didn't it happen because Drexler style nanotech is hellish hard to create? Really, I don't get how any kind of establishment can block that kind of research. It's somewhat cheap (at most at semiconductors level price, not at astronomy or high energy physics level), enough to lots of companies to afford and maybe individuals (there is only a ceiling estimative to costs, there is no floor). And it has a huge potential for short term revenue. If there is nobody researching that, I'm willing to bet that it's because nobody knows where to start. Not because anybody is blocking them. > no more worrying about serial codes or patches or losing the discs So, Steam is better than the DRM you were used to before it. So much better that you prefer not to deal with the old DRM system at all... That's not exactly a point against "DRM does always annoy the honest clients". They choosed a molecule that was similar to its diagram, but that's not always the case. the main difference is that the diagram is 2D, and molecules are usualy 3D. Physics are against rules beased on point of origin. The government of the point of storage has all the power to take the data, the one of the point of origin has none. If I make an article about 224 with the only property that it's the lowest natural number currently lacking an wikipedia article, will it get deleted or will it stay wrong? > We're told that ... the ends justify the means There are no ends, life is just a sequence of means. Really, whatever objectives somebody have, they'll change before anybody get even near them. Nobody ever uses that phrase to achieve something good. No exceptions, it doesn't matter if you think this time it's different, or that this one is a honest person. > Oh yes, I am just quaking in my boots at these three unarmed pacifists spray-painting peace slogans! I am so terrorized! Well, I think that news is quite terrifying. If I lived at the US, I'd probably be terrorized. Not by the trespassers, of course. > tyrannical, authoritarian neoliberal One of those adjectives has an almost oposite meaning to the other two. Please, don't just throw "bad" words in a setence if you are trying to make a point. Understand what you are saying, and if you don't completely grasp the meaning of a word, either look it up, or not use it. The way you wrote it, you sound like a South America neofacist (and yes, I just made up a label). And I'm quite sure you are not proposing creating a facist government hidden behind populist policiy, thus you should not speack like one. I can't stop the local government from looking at my data if it wants to. I can stop the US government from looking at it. Wich is more trustworth isn't a relevant question. Just like Cobol? As expected, the article was that, a "Java is fast" that can only be said if you don't compare it with anything made to be fast, and "Android uses Java". All the other reasons are excuses for drawbacks of the language. The one thing that made Java relevant - that one can create a ruleset that constrain bad coders and avoid them destroying all your codebase - didn't go away. And the context where companies just don't know how to hire developers didn't change either, thus still only projects that protect themselves against bad developers are ever successful within them. But it seems that the more productive languages are so much more advanced than Java nowadays that it become better to protect a project by hiring less developers than by making them less powerfull... Or, at least, I can think of no other reason for people to care to anounce that Java is not dead yet. You mean like the parts here the government rewrites history using a technology that is as similar to the Paladium as you can get with paper? Or how the governors are a different class that suport each other even on enemy states, thus the wars are nothing but a fabrication to keep the population under control? Or the parts where they control how the population perceive discidents, by controlling the press? Or maybe you mean the way how they so perfectly control the population that they must create the dissidents first at the Mini Love, before they turn the population against them. Yeah, reality isn't that way... Yet. > I don't think men in suits with dark glasses popped into NYT offices with a pre-written story in hand. Funny thing is that they probably did. They get there every day, with pre-written stories from several different sources. You can hire them for some $10k a month if you want. (I'm just not sure that they use suits.) "System admin" is the professional who get the hightest level of access to your computers, so he can keep them working. Most times even the people with physical access to your datacenter (AKA, the people that can get any data you have) have that same title. Another profession with a bit smaller but much alike level of access is called "janitor". Did you read anything about the accusations? (Like why the police threw them away, for example.) Or, at a minimum, you should take note of the fact that Assange was not formaly accused of rape yet. Yep, it's general, but no, it couldn't be applied to any other system. For a start, most repressive systems in history were phisical, not bureocratic. In them the boreocracy existed mainly to feed data to the police, and the police supported the regime. Our current ovespecialization made it impossible to survive outside of the system, thus the bureocracy grew real teeth and the importance of the police reduced. Nowadays a government can almost kill a person just by making it impossible for him to use a bank account. And them, the hightly sophisticated part... Well, it probably would be better described as hightly technological propaganda. Sistematic research on propaganda started arount the 30's, and high tech one is quite new. So new that I have no idea how it looks like, and if the current actions are it or not. I use one of those tools at work. It's called Google :) A man-in-the-middle attack done this way would be easy to detect. You just need to compare the site's key with the one you received, and they'd be different. Or, in simpler terms, that kind of attack would require the cooperation of several employees of the attacked companies. While just putting a mole there and copying the private key would require cooperation of only the mole in one of the positions that would need to cooperate at the other attack. (And breaking the key would happen only if the NSA wanted to give some easy money to computer manufacturers.) Rougue certificate authorities are the biggest weakness of SSL from the point of view of a user that wants to be sure that it's really his bank that is asking for a password. But the endpoints security are still the biggest weakness against a powerfull oponent like the NSA. Yes, but they can't pretend that they are the company you are talking to... Or at least they'll leak enough information to get caught if they do that in a massive way. I like the "citation needed" there. Quite ironic in the context of orwelian policies. Of course everything has constraints, and a social system will have political constrains. Yet, those systems had "accidents" only after politicians overrided the engineers and acted against their recommendation. Using them as evidence that engineers create systems that are as flawed as the ones created by politicians is wrong. Anyway, it seems that we still can't engineer social systems. It may be either because the political interference inherent on it makes it impossible, or because we just don't have the right technology... Or maybe we can, and PRISM is the kind of tool that makes it possible. Engineers create all kinds of systems, for all kinds of reasons, well intented or not. Yeah, I first heard that by the earlier 90's. Except that the timeframe was 10 years, not 5. Most of the time, people don't want to bother with several ortogonal tag sets. That's because most of the time, just one hierarchical set is enough, and when it's not people simply put lots of data inside a single file, and use application specific tools for dealing with it. AI will probably change that. But untill then, no, people won't organise their data in an n-dimensional space. You just have to hover it for the kudo counting. How many are from people that didn't even see the widget? Or people like me, that just read it, and discovered that I was interacting with it only after it counted my vote? Anyway, it doesn't have any consequence. It's just some feelgood freature... Kind of stupid to have a counter that doesn't count anything real. From their early documents, it looks like the KDE4 developers got out to create exactly what you describe. But they created something with very little semblance with this. What you describe is hard, and may not be possible to define well enough for implementing. It's good to know that some people try it, maybe someday somebody will get there. But, anyway, no you'll still need a filesystem to organize the data you use on each task. Do you use only one level of directories? It would be interesting if that king of reporters started using actual return in their ROI numerator, not the investiment. I'm quite tired of people claimming that building a bridge to nowhere incresed the economy just because the spending is added to the GDP. And the article uses exactly that kind of accounting. My impression is that Linux is not some weard system that nobody uses anymore. Now it's a weard system that this or that person uses because they like to be different for difference sakeness. I wonder how many more users Linux must gain untill people perceive it as something normal that they can just use. > except going over to someone's house and play a game without having to bring the disc with you (yay, big deal!). I doubt it'll allow that, simply because it's not practical. You'll still need all the data at the disk, and MS probably won't add a very expensive network service to make it easier for you to not buy a game. That portion of the ToS probably means that the XBox won't refuse to play your game once you put the disk in a console and log with your account, even if the console isn't yours... Maybe restricted only to a friend's machines, but the part about any XBox One implies that they won't check it. Anyway, you can't just make that kind of assumption from MS licensing terms, the word "any" there could mean anything and we'll only know the exact meaning once somebody tries it. I've spent a few months using more than the quota of processing of my linode, and they didn't even complain. Yes, most users won't use all the allocated resources. They probably do oversell, but they do deliver the resources if you use them. UML is just a notation. It is great for blueprinting software (except that graphics create problems, and UML is graphical), it makes no difference if they exist or not. The problem is that people are terrible for blueprinting sotfware that does not yet exist. Whatever notation you choose, the problem will still be there. That's the question about all this thing that I don't know how to anwer. Just extend it a bit... There are OSs that won't give root access to the NSA, encryption that the NSA won't be able to read and cloud services that the NSA won't be able to access even with cooperation of the CEO. Why none of them are widely used? And I don't accept the answer on the article as suficient. Yes, a few things are harder when you want any level of security, but not all. There are plenty of applications where security just won't disturb you (like VoIP), and plent of places that put security above all other concerns and should care about this (like non-US military). Yet, nearly nobody chooses the secure path. What good comes to you from "them buying your goods" if you just gave them the money they are paying you? Of course, the good comes from not making them suffer, keeping things calm, having a sfety, getting an overall civilized society out of the deal. But that's not the kind of benefit implicit on your phrase (or in the Ford's original). Oh, and yes, there is one benefit that is not dependent on the price you pay for it. It'll make it possible for lots of people - that otherwise would just starve - to work into making the world a better place (for profit or not). But again, it's at least not obvious that you mean this, and it's obvious that the original didn't. > how do you prove you're not lying other than saying you're not lying? There is something called "evidence" used exctly at those circunstances. Of course, I have no idea what kind of evidence those companies or the US government have, they are not telling anybody. And that is evidence that they are lying. > Granted that is the worst case for the cracker, but the average case is also going to take quite a while. The average case for finding something equaly distributed in a space is half the time, or about 5 * 10^59 seconds, what is about the same thing, because with numbers that big "about" usualy means anything from *10 to /10. Of course, RSA keys aren't equaly distributed at the key space. That gives an speedup of sume number between 1 and 2 that I can remember (still about the same thing), and there are search algorithms that reduce the number of tries by some non-trivial amount. I'm not up-to-date on them. Why would they want to do Snowden any favors? Their best move is to be very vocal, and milk the scandal for all its worth. Dry air is a very good insulator, and 40kV is not a huge potential for statical charges, artifical charges get in hundreds of kV easily and in the MV with just a bit of planning. Well, I know nothing about Hungary, but one thing I can say for sure. Positive discrimination is discrimination. If you want people to be equal, they must be equal. The moment you make people different, they are not equal anymore, and you are discriminating. Positive discrimination doesn't fix wealth unequality, because it fights no cause of unequality. Doesn't reduce the etinic hate, it's the other way around, it causes more of it. And doesn't integrate groups. There are policies that actualy solve each of those problems, but they are not usefull for dividing the population... and for some reason lots of governemnts prefer a non-solution that does that. Added to the fact that wear is per tire, it's also per time, thus any vehicle causes more wear when waiting or moving at very small speeds in a congestion. And the wear increases again at very high speeds, for unrelated reasons. The buses in that document run with less than 9 passengers on average?! There is either a research error or some gross waste somewhere that must be looked in detail. That's what you get when the government mandates a monopoly for a private company. If the buses were free, and the governemnt payed per bus, not per passenger, we'd probably have empty buses here too. I know that sounds crazy, but I'm seriously considering drinking no poison at all. > Simplicity of usage should always win over simplicity of coding. In a superficial assessment, yes, usage is the objective of software, and it should be as complex as needed to enable its users to have an optimal perfomance. But then, most software is built in an environemnt where people don't even know* what problem they want to solve beforehand. Ading complexity too early makes it very hard to change your software and leads to a situation where you completely optimized some work that shouldn't be done at all, while the important work got harder because it was overlooked at first. * They have a general idea, and even that is wrong sometimes. Yeah, and then the organization stays completely competent on all of its action... But those actions are incoherent. The organization acts like a completely incompetent being, despite all interations with it being competently handled. No, exactly like human beings. That's the point. They use tools, make wars, and create words.