The data on importation makes no sense at all. There should have been a HUGE drop in arrivals of slaves at US ports after 1808, when importation was banned. The animation shows no visible drop at all, instead showing a roughly flat rate through the Civil War. Dial-a-Ride was a horrendous failure in Santa Clara County despite the faint critical tone of this article. How it works among a small and/or dense population is another story. My late father was a leading critic of Dial-a-Ride at the time, mustering his considerable organizational analysis skills to show just how unworkable it was even in the most perfect scenario. To wit: imagine an assortment of riders all lying roughly in a long line across the valley with a common destination. Even in that case, the transit time for the first boarder from origin to destination would be at least 10-15 TIMES direct door-to-door time, or at least 3-4 times as long as taking existing bus routes with transfers (if needed). In a small town with a well-bounded small center of commerce and residences, sure, that could work. Here's a postmortem analysis from Stanford: http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2FBF00165244 VTA's current farebox recovery rate is below 15% and, to my knowledge, has not ever been better than that. oh, there was a handful of tall buildings (I recall seeing the Community Bank and Bank of America buildings using a telescope from the eastern hills), but there was never sufficient density of population or workforce for transit to be cost-effective. The (lack of) such commonality was key. SCCTA/VTA's infrastructure was always politically oriented, not need-based. Note how Mineta obtained hundreds of millions of Federal funding for light rail along the Mountain View/Sunnyvale corridor (despite mass reductions of workforce in the area at the time from Lockheed and the Blue Cube)... then quit his House seat early and joined Lockheed Martin's executive ranks. But I'm sure that was just coincidence. This reminds me of when I was a staff Consultant at an RDBMS company 25 years ago. A major telecom company was getting crashes in the server because of alleged I/O errors (mostly writes) in the raw i/o version of the server (no filesystem)... just a few times per several hundred thousand (or million) transactions. Subsequent disk and controller diagnostics were always fine. (This was before any fault tolerance was programmed into the server... my code for this problem was the first ever.) Most failures were writes, a few were reads. No obvious pattern (time of day, load, transaction type, lunar phase, sunspots, strength of coffee, etc.) This was on a DEC with Unix System V and DEC disk hardware, so only one vendor to deal with. Anyway, seeing nothing "wrong" with the related code (other than no tolerance for error codes from the raw i/o calls), I theorized that maybe the "errors" were spurious and no actual fault or corruption was resulting, so I wrapped the i/o calls in retry loops (with the number of retry attempts tunable by the user) and logged any "failures" and results of the retry attempts. So, I did a build with my changes, had the customer run from my directory, then wait and watch for the carnage... Turns out that every retry was successful. In fact, all but one of the dozen or two per day was successful on first try, and none needed more than two. No actual flaw in data was ever found. Anyway, it turned out to be some spurious error specific to a specific drive type with that specific controller running that specific firmware... and apparently their filesystems code knew to work around it. Client site personnel were really nice to me, too. "In this query, we get (sic) all the users with the name 'jorge' are queried and then ordered in descending order by age." Am I missing something, or should that say "ASCending" ? This article is so laden with flawed reasoning and factual errors, I wonder if its specific goal is to troll for hits. With respect to (un)employment, labor is a MARKET and always behaves as such -- the interplay of supply and demand, when not artificially constrained, set prices. For all his rants about the "American Founders" insisting on freedom to act on one's own judgment, he seems to forget about those 85 years of legal slavery. Anyway, regarding some utter falsehoods in his rants... for example, "before the 1920s, there were no limits on immigration" ignores both limits by statute (e.g. the Chinese Exclusion Act; the Scott Act; Immigration Acts of 1882, 1903, 1917, 1918; the Naturalization Act of 1906) and practice (opposition to immigration by group, from the Irish to Italians to Slavs and Asians). As for "given a constant money supply, nominal wage rates fall. But real wage rates rise, because total output has gone up", I'm utterly baffled what he means. I'm used to "real wages" meaning wages adjusted for inflation. His praise of the 1920s bubble economy completely ignores the subsequent Great Depression. His ludicrous claim that the U.S. is "underpopulated" totally ignores the scarcity of critical resources in supporting our CURRENT population, especially water (existing aquifers are being depleted at current population). etc. I find irony in the fact that this page purports to preach about web optimization, yet its text doesn't even display properly on Chrome. (The larger blue font content is utterly misplaced and unreadable) Are London black-cab operators still required to learn "The Knowledge" (exhaustive detailed geography and traffic patterns) to get a license? I'm guessing that Uber drivers are not. >Get shot as an Uber driver, everyone feels sorrry (sic), but it's the shooter's fault rather than Uber's But this policy change could now expose them -- since Uber explicitly forbids the driver from carrying for self-defense, its policy guarantees a defenseless victim. Exactly. Does Uber then have a rule that a driver may refuse a passenger who has a weapon on his person or in his luggage, and will it prevent such a denied passenger from downrating the driver? I doubt it. Oh, there's clearly a way to productize a particularly obnoxious (and increasingly common) behavior among ethically-challenged ticket buyers, telling them what (high-quality) seats are unlikely to be occupied at a given event. Say, for example, there is a set of front-row seats for an NBA playoff game currently unsold. The seller may have them listed on Stubhub, or NBAtickets.com (AKA TicketExchange/Ticketsnow), or on Ticket Network, or any combination of those or other resale sites. With all Stubhub instant-fulfillment listings and TicketExchange listings, the details of the seats are listed right down to the seat numbers . So, an aggregating mobile app could scan the primary sites to harvest unsold listing details as the event approaches (or, in the case of Stubhub, most events for which they don't control ticketing stay up for up to an hour after the start time) and tell the user that those seats are unsold (and therefore unlikely to be legitimately occupied). Sadly, this is going on right now - there are third party sites which are scanning prime unsold seats and taking existing valid cheap-seat tickets and editing the section and row details to match the unsold listing,then selling those cheap seats as the better seats. I have experienced this firsthand with my own Sharks club seats. This fraud problem (and other extensions of this tactic that the reader can easily guess) is exploding and will continue to do so as long as idiot venues stick with PDF (or other user-editable) ticketing and lax seat piracy enforcement. Meanwhile, the New Yorker is oddly mute on the 120+ “homicide-related offenses” known to be committed by persons illegally present in the USA (and pending deportation who were released anyway) in the past 5 years alone... or the 34+ murders per month in Chicago. Even if English is not his first language, one would think that he could use a basic spellcheck tool against his self-promoted page. ("Competititve"?) Well, Stubhub would seem to be an obvious candidate. New management could make it much more profitable (e.g. add price floors like the other official resale marketplaces), but they would also face a potential avalanche of fraud cases they aren't prepared for. The Dolphin browser. Because of the almost universally sloppy implementations of mobile sites by the e-commerce sites I use most frequently, I've tried every browser I can find that allows configuration as a Desktop user agent AND have it used as such. For a while, I've been using Opera. But some sites still treat its user agent (interpreted as Linux by most other sites) as mobile. Stubhub, in particular, does this, and their mobile pages are dumbed down to utter uselessness. Dolphin gives me normal desktop functionality and works well with most sites I've tried, tvguide.com being one exception. Although I loathe both Monsanto's corporate behavior in general and the taste of aspartame specifically (I use stevia), it struck me that many of the statements in this article are ripped straight from the assortment of anti-aspartame hysteria sites (holisticmed, Betty Martini et al)... right down to duplicating the same typos ("one main health effects", "Reagans’", "it’s (sic) safety", and the rather obvious " We have written"). The user is presented with a ready-made ISO image, yet the writer finds using it to be "deeply arcane, difficult and problematic"? Wow. Had he shown up at old-school Linux copyfests and installfests, he'd probably have us participants all burned as witches. This is the eleventh time this has been submitted to HN in the past 2 days, under varying titles. Why again? I think it's intellectually dishonest to change the title and thereby imply something that the data does not say at all. The data for the first chart is specific to political contributions reported to FEC and is totally unattributed with respect to scope or date range . The second chart, "Which way does your occupation lean?", references no data source at all . Yet again, both sources exhibit the same problem. They are cooking the data. I've worked with voter data a lot over the years, both on the registration/turnout side and the contributions side. The "occupation" field is just a self-assigned 35 character text field, lacking a discrete set of predefined titles to choose from. The data referred to here represent the authors pooling a semi-random assortment of descriptions into specific buckets of their definition (for example, very few FEC entries actually say "Beer wholesaler", since people performing that role would use any of 5-10 different terms in preference, given that such wholesalers almost never limit themselves to just beer... and I doubt that a statistically significant population actually records its occupation as, literally, "cattle feeder"). Point being, trying to make general inferences from unattributed, cooked data is more parody than news. By the say, can anybody get that search box on the WP page to do anything? It does nothing for me on either IE or Chrome. clickbait fail Why would you bring your partner into a "failed state?" Romani ite domum! why isn't the #1 reason to avoid introducing regressions , i.e. changing a behavior that (even if it runs contrary to spec or documentation) existing users/applications rely on, knowingly or unknowingly? In such cases, fixes shouldn't be rejected per se but instead be deferred until the full impact on existing code bases can be estimated. Such a fix should be deferred to the next major release AND the user base notified that the change in behavior is coming (and/ ideally, give affected users a way to check their apps for reliance on that soon-to-end behavior and/or provide a backward-compatibility switch to retain the old behavior long enough to get affected apps converted). Few things alienate your existing user base more than having long-working applications suddenly broken by "fixes" whose implications were not warned of in (at least) release notes. I think people will feel safer if you direct them to get it via the Play store, where people can expect it to have been vetted a bit. Search on "brain.cards" in quotes. a warning: the volume on this is REALLY. LOUD. He says he used an "old" Windows 7 machine in creating the bootable USB3 stick... but did that old machine and its drivers even properly support USB3? He then gripes about the relative ease of use of Linux in contrast to Windows 10... but nowhere does he say that he used a USB3 stick with the Linux prep also. Is he comparing apples to oranges? Has the author done a Windows 7 or 8 install from scratch to allow a basis for comparison to Win10-specific complaints? (Frankly, I find Windows 8/8.1 factory installs to be more messed up than any install/upgrade I've done from scratch... including MSXML missing, and "class not registered" errors on every first backup attempt.) "a clean install should be so incredibly smooth that the most basic of users can do it." That's ridiculous. A "clean" install (at least one intended for any end-user population) has a very complex path to traverse. First, it has to check for existing partitioning, O/S content and version, and the presence of any user data files so that the installing party has the option of 1) aborting the install, in case he wasn't aware of legacy content on the drive(s), and 2) whether to do an update-install (preserving user data files) or a destructive install. If this install is going on a bare, never-formatted drive, then I think that hardly applies to the "ordinary (non-computer-savvy) people" case... as I think such a user would be daunted by having to decide partitioning, boot record placement, reservations for recovery or other proprietary partitions, swap space, etc. Now, an intelligent install can give suggested configurations based on available space and scope of features being installed, as any good Linux distro does... but I think a total beginner will be given pause by the prompt to confirm that they are destroying all existing data... and rightfully so. I'd really like an attribution of the "based on science" claim... because this appears to be based on 30-year-old science, to consider this as "high-intensity". Now, the stated movements can all be useful , certainly, but "high-intensity exercise" has a very specific meaning in exercise science: anaerobic exercise that boosts metabolism, VO2MAX, and anaerobic capacity. There is very interesting new research in this area, including the discovery of genetics-based degrees of response to both HIT/HIIT and conventional aerobic exercise. A good primer for laymen: http://www.wgbh.org/programs/The-Truth-About-Exercise-With-M... The Bath study: http://opus.bath.ac.uk/27674/3/Metcalfe_et_al_2011.pdf in his zeal to repeat his unproven tautology over and over again, the author completely contradicts himself in the fifth paragraph ("I have made my case..."): " I believe there is really no downside to becoming a Type #2 person and only upside." Um, what ? I'm guessing that sentence should say "#1" instead of "#2"... but given that the whole entry leads into an ad, I guess it doesn't matter. Maybe your average HN reader has better critical thinking skills than the average consumer of mass media groupthink. Why, for example, is the Charleston tragedy more of a "race-persistent issue" than the almost two hundred people (mostly young black men) who have been murdered in Chicago alone in the past 6 months alone? Who is really "oblivious" here is left as an exercise for the reader. This was already posted multiple times: The US Navy's warfare systems command is paying to stay on Windows XP 27 points deepuj 3 hours ago 21 comments ( http://www.itworld.com/article/2939255/windows/the-us-navys-... ) The US Navy's warfare systems command just paid millions to stay on Windows XP 1 points rl3 10 hours ago 0 comments ( http://www.itworld.com/article/2939255/windows/the-us-navys-... ) The US Navy's warfare systems command just paid millions to stay on Windows XP 7 points cyberviewer 13 hours ago 2 comments ( http://www.networkworld.com/article/2939254/the-us-navys-war... ) The US Navy's warfare systems command just paid millions to stay on Windows XP 2 points kw71 a day ago 1 comment ( http://www.itworld.com/article/2939255/windows/the-us-navys-... ) Am I blind, or does this article only name two of these companies? And is "click" that difficult to spell correctly? Really? The fact that the poster here manufactured a title different from that of the article to imply some failing on Gindal's part betrays prejudice. I get "An error occurred while processing your request." on both Chrome and IE. This article completely ignores the key problem: distribution (transportation). Your source material is the ocean. Your consumers are well inland. In California, for example, you'd have to build a complete Eastbound set of pipelines and distribution mechanisms... and do it across the coastal mountains. Or, transport by roads, resulting in both added pollution and fatal damage to your cost model. Now, there would be localized useful cases, such as farms in the Watsonville corridor and coastal municipal water districts, but there is no economy of scale. The most direct application would be a pipeline leading from the desalination plant to the nearest point that you could feed water into a major aquifer, replenishing it. why did you create multiple threads two minutes apart for this?? How bad is your business model if it drives you to spam here? What, no tent?? Given the lack of details about grading/sources/plantations of the underlying teas, I doubt that knowledgeable tea drinkers would make use of this. I just know I'm going to forget and write "July 1" on all the checks I write then anyways You misuse the "Show HN:" tag to lead people to your home page... which then doesn't even load on Chrome? "The ZIP+4 code was implemented when it became difficult to sort mail based only on traditional ZIP codes, but it never quite caught on." This is totally false. Zip+4 addressing (and, for bulk mail, presorting by Zip+4) is required for the best mail rates. Zip+4 is generally not written in by the consumer (I do, but I'm a geek who's done mailhouse work), but it's endemic otherwise. I bet a fair share of any reader's outbound mail here uses zip+4 as well - just look at the return envelopes/labels for bills, etc. that are done via mail. Venus appears to be the only thing keeping Mars and Jupiter from going to war. Well, that and the asteroid belt. "You do not have permission to preview drafts." tested on IE and Chrome. Your monthly bill is more or less the same every month, right? Then how did you ignore the fact that your "total due" for 6/1 was artificially low due to the misapplied payment? I think "admitted" is an unfair characterization. Experts and leaders from all over the world were telling the Greek government that their projections on economic growth, on which their paper solvency depended, were unrealistically high. site doesn't load on Chrome or IE Did you log in to your private email using their computer or network? " loneliness and social isolation is eradicated." Your product eradicates the sense of isolation of lacking physical presence? This reminds me of the Monty Python sketch: "This is a dog license, with the word "dog" crossed out and "cat" written in in crayon. " The same article ( exact same, not a different agency) was already posted twice... yet you change the title to put it through a third time? Was that before or after the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? "Yes, I think this is an important article for Americans to read, and it hasn't yet received any significant discussion on the site." Problem being, if it is, in fact, worthy of discussion here, there are three different discussion threads for this article... and a given reader is unlikely to see more than one. For example, your extensive comment on copy #2 goes unseen by those reading comments for this copy only... as most readers would. But this runs in direct opposition to the title-matching rejection algorithm that is in place. (If posters preserve an article title properly, their attempts to repost are intercepted and redirected to the predecessor.) If it is intended that duplicates be allowed, then perhaps the discussion threads for such duplicates should be merged together, rather than getting such posters in the habit of not honoring original titles. Not every reader has the flag option available. Also, there should be a distinction between "I'm flagging because this content does not belong or is spam" versus "I'm flagging because this is the 8th copy of it in the 50 most recent postings." The only hitch will be perfecting teleportation. If his architecture content was so high-quality, why was he laid off and unable to find work in his field elsewhere? This is the eighth time this same link has been posted in the last 3 days... the fifth time with the exact same title . it's also been posted to HN 8 times already. Problem is, for Daylight Saving Time adjustments, you need an 8" floppy drive Fun FAIL: try using the URL without a (SQL, Linux, etc) category: http://xquizzes.com/programming/ Here's a bit I had forgotten about: an "appearance" on Letterman in advance of the TV show in the U.S.: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eoqMSr1H1ek I thought it was "March comes in like a lion and goes out like a lamb." The article would have been better titled, "Pricing of artificial light through history," since its scope is limited to monetary cost. When I saw "cost", I thought it might be about (or, at least, include a discussion of ) the environmental and health effects of artificial light, such as problems with dark-sky astronomical viewing and disruption of natural sleep cycles. It would also have been interesting to include artificial lighting that preceded the electric grid, such as gas, spermaceti ("whale oil"), etc. This interesting look at the darker side of what is happening in Inner Mongolia (environmental effect of rare earth mining) was posted on HN two days ago: http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20150402-the-worst-place-on-... "The electron “hole” thus formed in the manganese quartet is filled with electrons from a water molecule. This causes the water molecule to fall apart, creating free oxygen." The only electrons (plural) from one water molecule would be from the two hydrogen atoms, right? That would liberate one or two electrons and leave one or two stray protons (or hydrogen cations)... which go where ? Or, am I missing something? of course, this article is mute regarding the Jawbone IP theft lawsuits: https://www.yahoo.com/tech/s/jawbone-files-second-lawsuit-ag... "More smaller"... is in the actual title from the page, not a posting typo. Here's a good page on interpreting the manual as well: http://cbttape.org/~jmorrison/s370asm/html/tut-POPs-001.html what happens if you get a flat tire? already posted, id=9847335 What percentage of those who rely on CPAP now breathe exclusively through their noses in the first place? I tried the signup and immediately got this page: ___ Oops Sorry, an error occured. 500 Internal Server Error ___ displayed URL: https://prodigynotes.com/register using Chrome 43.0.2357.130 and, backnavigating cleared all my entered data. So, my first feedback would be that your error messages are unhelpful. ;) BUT, retrying with same signup data told me I was already logged in and gave me a home page. (to get picky, the page says "Welcome Back!" even though it was my first load of it) How does one get to anything besides Warcraft? statements like this are really short-sighted: "New technology has satisfied consumer demand for taxi rides with superior quality—and at a better price." Well, for the limited scope served by Uber and its drivers, sure. But if you're a consumer who has a disability, or one who wants to go to a "bad" neighborhood at an inconvenient time of night, Uber and such may be no option at all. Taxis are generally required to accept any fare within their operating area without regard to perceived dangers of the destination and chance of getting a paying return fare. (For example, if you enter a cab at JFK, that driver is obligated to take you anywhere in the five boroughs, and s/he must do so for fixed rates regardless of demand or weather.) Uber drivers can simply decline such fares invisibly to the affected consumer... or wait for bonus rates to kick in. No matter how much you like Uber and its parallels, just realize that it's not a level playing field. it's a moving target. I've received four different spam/phish emails in the past two days... all in my primary inbox. Aside from factors specific to Apple, he may find the difference in Cost-of-Living to be rather shocking. Encourage him to first research housing options. Then, look at transportation time/cost issues to and from work. Taxes. etc. And ask him to stay the heck off of Wolfe Road; it's too crowded already, and the construction effects are a pain. Most importantly, it's my closest route to the freeway. "Your users don’t need an authorization to" ... what ? I guess it's just coincidence that one of their two apps is #2 in this list... anybody else get "Account suspended?" if the source code is relevant and useful, that could be worth the price in itself... like Google/Facebook buying companies just to get the employees. Well, sure... but it happens in Chrome as well, at least on my H.P. Chuq used to manage and moderate a number of email reflectors (I was an active participant on his hockey lists 20 years ago), so it may be extra torturous for him to watch reddit trainwrecks and not be able to do anything about them. My solution is that I just don't care about reddit in the first place. The only time I spent any time on it was to watch the mad faux-forensics dragnet over the Boston bombings and shake my head. Am I the only one to find the signal-to-noise ratio of a lot of content on medium.com to be uselessly low? How exactly does one properly evaluate the local culture from the freeway, anyway? this relevant item was posted today: https://42floors.com/blog/startups/after-the-layoffs "(Shameless plug: you can try treehouse for free right here. If you choose to become a paying member, I do receive a small commission..." Linked page sez: Get 3 Months Off Our Basic Annual Plan ($75 Value) For A Limited Time! Three months off an annual plan? So, I pay for a year and get only 9 months? Please tell me that's not what they mean. Given that your home page has two rather basic typos, I stopped right there. you mean, besides asking OPM to put it on their website? This is just an Occupy wrapper for the same video you just posted. This is just another copy of the same story you just posted. Miyazaki is a great filmmaker and would probably disapprove of spamming. Thus site requires you to use it through Facebook authentication? Um, no thanks. why post a lame consolidator summary when full story links (including New York Times) were already posted 14 hours ago? Besides look in the mirror? But seriously, in my case, I'm determined to never become an insulin-dependent diabetic. I was over 340 lbs. 16 years ago (and believe it or not, I was not a big eater compared to male peers), then I read about low-carbohydrate eating strategies, and had slow but significant success (lost over 120 lbs in a 20-month span). But getting back to the question: my motivators were/are: 1) appearance 2) staving off degenerative disease (diabetes, heart disease, etc.) 3) activity enjoyment (e.g. hiking, volleyball, etc... weight is a limiting factor and contributes to injury) My biggest problem is maintaining a regimen when I am not getting results. This is how I derailed in the first place in my late 20s -- despite running 4-6 miles 2-3 times a week, I couldn't lose an ounce. Also, keep up on current science: for example, you could expend a lot of effort doing something that isn't that helpful if you a part of the population that is a low genetic responder to cardio (see the University of Bath study as covered in Michael Mosley's "The Truth About Exercise" on PBS). In my case, I also exhibit the classic symptoms of AD-36 exposure, so I have a tougher row to hoe. the original story, posted on HN 2 weeks ago, is here: http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20150630-my-dentist-saved-my... exact same link already posted yesterday. it will be short-lived unless they overturn this ruling: http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-uber-suspended-2015071... It's not an intuitive interface, but it works -- use the slider to slide the price downward to zero. It's a variable-pricing model with varying payout to the author. (I'm not criticizing the pricing model , I'm just saying the free-purchase method wasn't obvious to me, either, at first.) I bet you'd get more ultimate conversions if you stated that full-price purchasers would be granted the full book upon completion (and correction/minor update versions as well). Well, this is not specific to C++, but there was the failure of the Mars Climate Orbiter due to failure to convert between pound-seconds and newton-seconds: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars_Climate_Orbiter Why does it need access to: Photos/media/Files WiFi connection info Device ID and call information ? For one thing, your site scales downward quite cleanly to minibrowsers (I tried it with Opera on my GS5) - many major sites really screw that up. Plus, the franchisor can penalize the franchisee, or revoke the franchise outright. Years ago, I overheard a conversation in a Baskin Robbins in which the owner complained about getting dinged for using his own chopped walnuts. "Most cities in the world allow for non-stationary selling. That means as long as you keep moving you won't be needing a permit." Hardly. Many cities (essentially every city in the Bay Area, for example) either outright ban peddling on public property or thoroughfares or requires a license for it. His point may have been that there are some really obvious, ugly typos, especially in the BIG RED BANNER segments (which can only be fixed by redoing the imaged). McDonald's was way ahead of everybody in this element of franchising strategy. Almost everything is McDonald's branded and must be purchased from Martin-Brower, their wholly owned distribution arm. (This is back in 1980, but back then the only food elements not McD-branded were the mustard, produce, eggs, and milk... and even those items had to be purchased from and delivered by Martin-Brower). most don't "brew it fresh constantly". they keep the pot on the burner until it is empty (or in newer hardware, store it in an urn that limits air exposure somewhat) until they need more. None I've seen actually time a brew set and throw it out when it hits that shelf-life counter, like Starbucks (let alone do individual pourover brewing like better coffee shops). if it literally spoke to you, your meds may need adjustment. ;) so, the author has a problem with one particular FreeBSD update and thereby condemns Linux and all other desktop UNIX variants/descendants by extension? Seriously? It's not just you. I found it to be a painful, and ultimately worthless, read. In giving only a partial account of eBay's rating system, this author learned exactly the wrong lesson. The original two-way eBay rating system did work well. However, ratings became meaningless (except to see in aggregate a long history of transactions by a party, which gives a veneer of stability). The modern failure is twofold: 1) several years back, eBay made it impossible to leave negative or even neutral feedback for any buyer under any circumstances. Never paid? Try to extort a lower price? Phony claim of non-receipt? Damaged the item and then blamed it on the seller? NO PROBLEM, says eBay, and future sellers are none the wiser and cannot protect themselves. 2) A dishonest eBay seller can void any transaction simply by refunding the payment. So, if she didn't like the winning price on an auction, she gets a do-over, and the buyer gets hosed. Or, the seller can try to change terms (I experienced this just last week, where the seller tried to extort 250% of the winning bid price, then cancelled when I balked). Policies like these have made eBay no longer a safe place to sell, and their squeezing of sellers for every possible fee became relentless, to the point that you cannot even say the word "cash" in a listing any more. So, modern eBay is a joke , and much of that commerce has moved to Amazon and elsewhere. Canadians are one of several invasive nonnative species that are becoming a growing problem here. The current strategy to combat this is to release sterile Canadians into the wild to reduce herd fertility, adding the release of contraceptives at Sharks and Barracuda games and Digital Moose gatherings as they occur. This is really, really sloppy reporting. It appears that KQED just rebroadcast a press release without even looking at the paper. 1) this is not a peer-reviewed study; it is only a working paper. 2) the paper counts ONLY HOMICIDES (ignores collisions that do not result in homicide) and counts a collision as DUI-induced EVEN IF THE DRIVER IN THE WRONG IS STONE COLD SOBER. It also seems to not distinguish between drivers and passengers (they count number of involved parties , not number of involved drivers. 3} I can find no information that they used any controls, e.g. contrasted regions with similar demographics and tracking history of DUI that DO have Uber/Sidecar/etc. versus those who do NOT; . That would be the most meaningful data. DUI rates can drop for a given population by other factors, e.g. increased penalties, enforcement; concomitant decrease in homicides to due improved vehicle safety (collision strength, air bags, percentage of involved vehicles with air bags and such, etc.); significantly fewer bad-weather days in CA in the recent drought years, etc. Wow, this is sloppy journalism. Ar drallison points out, potatoes (any subspecies) were unknown to the Old World altogether. The article makes multiple references specific to potatoes ("It has been argued that an increase in meat consumption could have triggered the increase in size, but now scientists believe that we may have another food to thank: the humble potato.", and "They say starches would have been readily available to ancestral human populations in the form of potatoes", which is categorically false The article implies that dietary glucose is necessary for survival, let alone optimal brain development. Neither is true, as anybody who has eaten a ketogenic diet (like me) can affirm. Although some organs need glucose (the brain is not one of them!), the body can make all it needs from protein. Agriculture only goes back 15,000 years or so, which is a blip in evolutionary terms. There is no indication of timeframe of the amylase adaptations, The study is here: http://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1086/682587 The abstract makes some similar claims about the need for dietary carbohydrate, citing a 27-year-old paper, which is simply incorrect. Am I blind? I can't find a link to the referred-to articles. Um, to repeat: "these (sic) series of articles" as referred to in this blog entry. There are no links leading to any, at least that are visible on Chrome or IE. is this just an ad for Infinix? it's just a simulator . Like Camelot in Monty Python and the Holy Grail will people who post WSJ links please indicate that they are subscriber-only? What's wrong with me? I use HN over Opera or Dolphin all the time. The problem with so many commercial "mobile-friendly" sites is that they are just dumbed-down abonimations. Worse yet is when a site dumbs down its desktop site to limit it to the "feature" set of its mobile offering, like Stubhub recently did. They actually stripped out the ability to search for 5/6/7/8/9 seats; search by SRO or non-SRO; search by handicapped accessibility (!); search by aisle seating; search by listings which include parking, etc... all criteria that were baked into the desktop site for years . Speaking of data, (to nitpick): "I’ve been at Amazon since March 24, 2014, which means I have 18 months of data to draw from..." Um, that's less than 17 months, unless my calendar is broken. They should given their Engineering Leads better calendars. 1) It does not seem credible that all this would go on before multiple witnesses with no action whatsoever. 2) is there no dress code of ANY kind? 3) you keep speaking as "we", yet there is no indication that his supervision is in that "we". 4) I find "we asked HR" to be both out of line, and suspect -- it's wholly inappropriate for peers to contact HR in such a context. Am I the only one who finds this kind of interface obnoxious? You have to keep manually triggering the page expansion (rather than multiple pages or automatic expansion) and then when you hit a random point (clicking More after the Relato listing), it recompresses back to the original page without explanation. just posted 50' ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10202360 K&P offered to not seek legal fees if she agreed not to appeal. She appealed. At that point, the offer was dead. Withdrawing the appeal later doesn't change that. Maybe she and her husband will file bankruptcy. Again. I wasted a good 15 minutes on the first X-men chess claim only to find that they botched it. axb2 is not mate. this is: 3. Nxb2 axb2+ 4. Qxb2 P(c3)xb2++ Speaking of which, the chess column in the SF Chronicle drives me nuts because the solution is in error about once a month (because the logic is wrong, pieces are omitted from the graphic, or the solution printed doesn't correspond to the printed position). Your links need to NOT have a hover effect if they interfere with the ability to see (or click on ) underlying content. Stubhub is horrendously bad in this respect -- in their zeal to hover a (meaningless) average price for a section at you, they make it impossible to click on that section. This article omits the most important information: 1) which strains are included in this year's vaccine 2) how many of those cases in NY (and nationwide) were from a strain that is included in the vaccine? How many were NOT? 3) does this vary by geography? (I would expect a different frequency on the west coast vs the east coast, for example) These questions come to mind immediately: 1) why is the gender of Matt relevant to the complaint at hand? 2) why is the gender of your other coworkers relevant to the complaint at hand? 3) why is the sexual preference of any of them relevant to the complaint at hand? (note that later the writer states explicitly that she does not know Matt's dating life). 4) "majority-dominated"? Aren't females the majority? 5) why do you find only female comedians funny? 6) comments like, "dumb basketball game" and categorizing sports are "Rapey" (!) are indicative of bias to an overtly inflammatory degree. Even if the writer thinks she never voices such opinions, I'm guessing that they "leak out" all over the place, Here's a key example: "... most importantly and egregiously, pretend to accept and tolerate conversation and ideas that I find degrading, disgusting, and sexist." Did such conversation actually happen with these specific coworkers , or does the writer just assume such by lumping all Heterosexual. White. Males. into one rotting bin? ? Explicitly sexist (let alone "rapey") conversation in the workplace is actionable. There is very low tolerance for behavior contributing to a hostile workplace pretty much everywhere in the U.S. nowadays (for legal exposure, if nothing else) -- the author gives no indication that she ever initiated or pursued any report of inappropriate behavior to H.R. or superiors. Anyway, a narrative riddled with comments like, "bro-bots", "rage-y, racist white dudes", "straight male rage against women", or "vast and exasperating patchwork of male insecurity" indicates zero interest in constructive, rational dialogue. In closing, she includes, "I vented relentlessly to my girlfriends and my gay friends...". I found it unsurprising that she lacks straight male friends with whom she feels capable of candid conversation. the key distinction not stated in the article is that CJD (like CWD, or like "Mad Cow" disease in animals) is a prion disease and therefore conventional heat-sterilization procedures do nothing to stop it. No wonder he was so bitter in "Ghostbusters II". Note that this is an infomercial for "Our Bay on the Brink"... and who the underlying funders are. Segal's analysis is disingenuous. REED v. TOWN OF GILBERT, ARIZONA has nothing to do with any handheld communication; it only addresses fixed, unattended signs . Similarly, "freedom of speech" does not apply the same for a recorded rant on a loudspeaker vs a personal rant from atop a soapbox. Originally posted here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10461771 If the author makes 2.5 matches per person interviewed (in other words, at least 60% were immediate mis matches), perhaps she's in the wrong line of work in the first place. this assumes that the content is unchanged or already saved for every case. I get a -404 unless I strip off that last term, after the slash (should be ? ??) e.g. http://www.thebetterindia.com/22968/indian-origin-scientist-... Are you sure that ad blockers are the only variable in play here? "(October 2014) we had nearly 4.5 million hits (read) on our articles. This year (October 2015) we are at 4.4 million hits... Where a year ago we served 375~400K pageviews per day, we now register just over 200K pageviews a day." Is pageviews the actual metric, or is ads served the metric? Given the recent discoveries in how many "ad views" were actually never presented to the reader and were just phony revenue ticks, could it not be that you are also "suffering" from an ongoing reduction in phony ad presentations as the trickery is discovered and addressed? I block ads primarily to limit tracking and bogus traffic, not to dodge advertising per se. I heartily endorse jfoutz's suggestions here. If you continue to serve quality content, it's the more sustainable business model long-term anyway. Years before the modern ad-network paradigm, many media sites were subscription from the outset (e.g. WSJ, mercurynews). Some later went free, using ad networks to pay the way. Now, the trend is moving back to a subscription model. Those sites that do the punitive block-ads-and-we-block-you (e.g. washingtonpost) will find that people just go elsewhere for those stories. it gets worse. Look up the recent PBS biopic of E.O. Wilson and his studies of matabele ants, which predate on (and exclusively eat) termites. And worse yet, there are species of predatory fungi that infect insects, turning them into virtual slaves even while consuming their failing bodies. Sleep well. it's not working at all on my rotary phone. may I ask what triggers mobile-specific behaviors? - screen size? - user agent? - O/S? - browser ID? the exact same article with exact same title posted yesterday. see https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10487419 contrast, however, with the results of a tanker spill or oil-drilling disaster like Deepwater Horizon. Also note that more nuclear waste enters the atmosphere every DAY from coal burning than in the entire history of nuclear power generation excluding Chernobyl. The longest-lived "proven" wind project in CA is shutting down . http://www.insidebayarea.com/breaking-news/ci_29048836/altam... Even ignoring modern reactor designs that can use waste isotopes as fuel , we had a perfect storage solution in Nevada... until Harry Reid sabotaged it, costing taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars. In the modern era of essentially-free long distance calling, is this a solution in search of a problem? There seems to be a contradiction regarding scan rate. At about 1'30", it says "scan speed less than 5 seconds per page" at about 1'45", it says "60-80 pages per minute", which is potentially 5 times the stated capability. is one or both statements erroneous? Or, is there a buffering-and-save-for-later-processing going on behind the scenes? I think more clarity is needed overall: 1) is there built-in OCR capability? 2) What file formats can be produced? PDF? DOC? 3) planned O/S support (Windows, Mac, Linux) ? The link in the article goes nowhere for me, but this works: http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/natu... This is a new case from Napa, CA, distinct from the case in the current Nature I just posted This case is not the very recent case from Napa, California (see cbslocal link posted subsequent to this for that story) I got 1.2s, 327 requests , 2.7MB, Dallas origin prior study called into question: http://www.nature.com/news/ancient-dna-reveals-how-wheat-cam... exactly. it should accept a street address, or if they don't want to use external mapping services, latitude and longitude. I don't understand why specific guns were mentioned, yet he wasn't charged with a single gun crime. The sawed-off shotgun itself, if it exists at all, is a Class 3 weapon and a Federal felony to even possess. The article author clearly doesn't understand enough physiology (or English grammar, usage, and spelling, for that matter) to be making any scientific conclusions. For example, his theory that eating only fruits and vegetables starves the cancer of sugar is ludicrous. Dietary glucose and sucrose (half glucose, half fructose) occur naturally only in fruits and vegetables; many fruits are, in fact, quite high in sugar. (The way to starve one's system of sugar is with a ketogenic diet.) Similarly, his claim that all cancer cells die at a temperature at which all healthy cells are safe (or at oxygenation levels that are safe for all healthy cells) is bogus. Hyperthermia treatments are directed at the tumor and at higher temperatures than he states. BTW, Lance Armstrong's hyperthermia therapy was to treat his testicular cancer , not win the Tour de France. etc. etc. That said, I'm all for exploring treatments outside the current Western burn/cut/irradiate paradigm... but beware of utter quackery. US medicine is largely constrained by what is FDA-approved (for better or worse), a constraint overseas providers are free of. I'll bet the Tijuana clinics mentioned were also big laetrile pushers in the past... or even now . His paranoia about a primary profit motive to chemo and surgery seems ludicrous -- if a patient can be cured with far cheaper chemicals and methods, why wouldn't the Western doctors use those and charge the patient the same higher rates and make more money? *Technical note: some organs and tissues NEED glucose; even with no dietary carbohydrate, the body manufactures glucose out of proteins as needed via gluconeogenesis... so the body is never completely sugar-free. A descriptive English article on this was posted yesterday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10504662 already posted yesterday. exact same story, same title. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10509355 just posted a few hours ago. see: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10512087 I feared that Mars was doomed as soon as I heard the ominous, solemn music. "A weapon like this example would make guns obsolete. Criminals would prefer it, because they could use it on people with a much lighter consequence." This is naive in the extreme. Criminals most often fire guns to kill their enemies and rivals , not as part of robbery or any other task that could, in theory, be completed as well with any nonlethal mechanism. I figured that it wouldn't be a selfie. First posted back in April... original thread comments are here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9334316 Bristol Stool scale info at: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bristol_stool_scale posted earlier: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10502910 Original study here: http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.03622 if you're thinking of MPHG, it was "1, 2, 5". Note, however, that they can also be used to shroud nefarious sites. For example, you get a spoof email masquerading as one from your financial institution; it is easier to spot americanexpress. somewhereelse .com than biy.ly/gibrsh for more research on the topic, see: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SqCaz6lsfE posted yesterday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10522530 posted 6 days ago: http://www.sciencemag.org/content/350/6259/369.full another article here: http://news.discovery.com/history/archaeology/new-clues-poin... from last year, but never posted on HN before why post a footnoted page with a link to the link rather than the direct link itself, e.g. http://jvns.ca/blog/2013/12/30/questions-im-asking-in-interv... ? Apple's not Hitler. A check from Hitler wouldn't clear. same article previously posted: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10517678 Original article posted days ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10513371 posted earlier: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10528663 already posted twice, including just an hour ago. first: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10528663 Posted twice already in past day. The one with a lot of comments is: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10528663 although not obvious from the title, this is not in reference to WW2... this is present-day same link posted 8 hours ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10528119 posted yesterday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10526137 Posted a day ago at: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10524820 posted just yesterday (with lots of comments) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10526729 posted already yesterday; many comments here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10527070 This is a classic example of "consider the source". It is poorly researched and has some outright falsehoods: 1) "Even though smart guns are widely available overseas..." Really? I'm unable to find a single production centerfire handgun approved for import by Obama's ATF from anywhere in the world . For example, see the references in: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_gun The lone handgun of any kind with any such a claimed "smart" implementation is the iP1. But what the article conveniently omits (like the similar NYT article from last year omits) is that it is a .22 rimfire cartridge - totally unusable in a police context. There isn't a single law enforcement organization (LEO) in the nation that uses ,22 rimfire as its primary duty weapon. 2) "The palm-reading biometric gun that James Bond used in Skyfall represents the sexiest version..." that is a movie prop , not a production firearm. MJ is seeking to mandate something that doesn't exist ... which plays right into NRA claims that such a law is just disguised prohibition. So, let's say such a handgun exists, in an appropriate caliber. What is the immediate, obvious market? Law enforcement organizations. After all, deaths due to perps gaining an officer's gun, or fear that such is imminent , results in numerous shootings and deaths: e.g.: http://www.latimes.com/local/california/la-me-lapd-shooting-... http://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/michael-brown-autopsy-... http://blog.al.com/spotnews/2012/10/cops_gun_stolen_from_hoo... http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/1997-01-08/news/9701070463_... http://www.kgw.com/story/news/local/vancouver/2015/09/14/off... http://www.nydailynews.com/archives/news/police-kill-unarmed... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting_of_Kathryn_Steinle etc. Yet no LEOs, including Obama's own ATF, FBI, Secret Service, Border Patrol, nor any branch of the U.S. military has manifested any interest whatsoever in even testing such handguns. LEOs are the obvious proving ground for such a technology, if it is in fact mature, safe, and reliable. already posted twice over past 3 days, e.g. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10523455 I could swear that I saw Stonebreaker comment on this very subject in a talk from the past year or so (available on Youtube). already posted and upvoted here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10508914 I'm sure this will be a big hit with the legitimate purchasers of the tickets to which those barcodes were assigned... who will find them mysteriously invalid when presented. Did you look at the email routing paths to make sure it is genuinely of Amazon origin? More importantly, is any given link actually resolving to amazon.com? As soon as I cut the specified two slits in my screen, I was unable to read the rest of the instructions. here's their indiegogo page: https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/czur-scanner-build-your-o... Previous techcrunch article posted here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10500915 another article of theirs about an earlier study: http://news.discovery.com/earth/weather-extreme-events/human... earlier article of theirs here: http://www.discovery.com/dscovrd/tech/amazing-machine-can-pr... I doubt she read all 100 novels; skimmed or read Cliff's Notes, perhaps. Among other things, she completely ignores important female characters that are nonhuman sentient species (I know there were in "Out of the Silent Planet", for example). This reflects her speciest prejudice. I doubt she read all 100 novels; skimmed or read Cliff's Notes, perhaps. Among other things, she completely ignores important femals characters that are nonhuman sentient species (I know there were in "Out of the Silent Planet", for example). This reflects her speciest prejudice. same article already posted earlier today: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10531764 The provided link is wrong anyway. same article posted two hours earlier... and an hour after that. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10533480