I'd say it's more of a security concern than anything. The thinking being that you don't want a potentially disgruntled employee with little to potentially lose have access to your systems. If you're interested in the big data side of things there's Spark ( http://spark.apache.org/ ) and MLlib for it ( http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/ml-guide.html ). H20 ( http://www.h2o.ai/ ) also provides ML algorithms on top of Spark (and I think independent of Spark as well, not sure of the current status). These are all written on the JVM either in Scala (Spark) or Java (H20). The first question is what you want out of life, do you want to be manager, and executive, a technical lead or do you want to be purely technical? All four offer promotion paths at large and (increasingly) small companies although staying technical will hit an age issue eventually. They are also very different tracks. That said, it sounds like you want to be an executive and let's say one at a larger company (ie: not a paper executive but an actual one). The skills you need for that are going to be leadership, management, charisma, politics, and networking. Since you're not going the technical track your technical skills are secondary at best. You want a nice title on your resume so pick a top company and join there. Find a manager who is not afraid of your ambition (a career middle manager will likely be, find someone with ambition), act like a leader and get promoted. This will give you pedigree while also teaching you about politics and management. You will eventually hit diminishing returns. Then, like the people you mentioned, jump to a startup as one of the founders or the person running it. This will teach you how to be a standalone leader, build up a network, and give you some executive-ish experience. It's vital you have the skills at this point to impress people at first impressions and maintain a networking relationship with them. Then either get acquired by a larger company or switch after a while using your network to find the new position. That's nothing new, if you pay $1million (or $500k depending on the area of investment) then you can essentially get a green card as it is: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EB-5_visa That seems a pretty standard stack, I don't know about twitter but I can say why I'd use them in my experience: 5. SQL variants: This is where you keep your source of truth data needed to serve request. It's flexible, reliable but moderately fast. The backbone of your infrastructure and you can consider everything else as enhancements to it to overcome specific limitations. 4. Blobstore: Your SQL database is not going to be good at storing large binary blobs such as files or images. 3. Redis/Memcache: Your SQL database may be too slow for some requests and/or it's data model may require too much work in the API layer to align with the final presentation model. So you want a blazing fast store that you can use for that final presentation view when requests don't differ from each other. 2. Graph: SQL databases aren't the best for graph queries or data (I mean you can hack it but it's going to be slower and uglier code wise) so if you need to look at data as a graph something dedicated makes sense. 1. Hadoop: You're getting lot's of log data from users, what they do, when they do it and so on. You want to analyze this data, build models (who to recommend for people to follow for example) and use it to probably serve ads (gotta pay the bills somehow). You could put this in SQL but it's a lot of data and you'll be doing a lot of read requests which will end up being slow and messy in SQL. Hadoop, on the other hand, is well suited for this type of data and workload. Large slow read heavy queries on data that is appended to but not modified in place. Why would the cost go up if more food isn't eaten? >I guess they weren't risk-averse enough in their operations though, so I'm glad I didn't get through. It sounds like it would have been an uphill battle all the way to make changes to keep things sane. I think they were risk averse which is the problem except they were judging against the wrong candidate profile. The risk adverseness meant they never hired anyone who diverged from their incorrect profile. As others have said, abrasiveness isn't a virtue especially in a role that requires others to change their behavior. There are in fact diplomatic ways to convey the same information which have a much higher chance of causing others to listen and getting everyone to adopt new processes. That someone is diplomatic and knows/care about their stuff are not mutually exclusive. That said, depending on their interview process they may be selecting out candidates who even diplomatically disagree about the existing ops processes which results in less than stellar hires. How is this any different from native code? Afaik, you can access the native compiled source code of an app on a jailbroken phone. Sure it's more of a pain to parse through but security through obscurity isn't security. >A society can't function if more than 10% of the population is in distress and that's exactly the purpose of insurance, the many helping the few, not the other way around. Who says you're going to get a random sampling of the population? Those more prone to needing insurance money are going to be more likely to sign up and thus drive that 10% much much higher. >Chrome has a built in spell checking service - which happens to send keystrokes up to Google. AFAIK it's enabled by default. I just checked, it's off on my install of Chrome so likely it' not on by default. The regular spell check is purely local. >if tech is a meritocacy then why are most jobs made through social connections? How do you judge someone in a meritocracy? Interviews? Not reflective of actual work. Also trivial to bias in favor of one group due to culture fit elements. Short term projects? Exclude people who have limited free time (generally the more senior/older ones). Resume? Trivial to lie on. References? How do you know the reference is competent? Social connections are merely another, imperfect, attempt to judge someone's merit. Specifically you trust the judgement of someone whose merit you have already proven in an actual job environment. Why do you assume that VCs don't know this rather than assume that the market creates forces which make them not care? I'd guess there is more money floating around than there are startups which meet all the metrics. Thus there's investment in riskier ventures (remember it doesn't matter if any startup succeeds as long as the fund comes out on top as a whole). Moreover startups which do have all these metrics may have many competing VCs which in turn lowers the return for the VC. >Most current trends seem to be towards increasing baggage. (docker) I'd disagree, docker for example makes it easier to create infrastructure as code which in turn makes it easier to replace pieces of that infrastructure. Same with micro-services which allow you to eventually replace isolated pieces of your infrastructure. The more modular and isolated pieces of code and infrastructure are the easier they are to replace piecemeal. Sadly Backblaze fails the main criteria of my mental checklist: * Can it backup linux machines? They basically fired their whole US engineering team from what I understand: https://www.reddit.com/r/Crunchyroll/comments/5oug4a/apparen... The issue is also one of false-positives. Even if you could spot fake accounts 100% of the time if you also flagged 1% of legitimate accounts as fake by that approach then it's non-viable. Remember that at Facebooks scale a 1% false-positive rate means 20 MILLION accounts. That's too much to even try sending for manual review. >If you're going to take a dump on the street, litter or shoot up drugs and leave your gross needle laying around, that absolutely should 100% be illegal. This doesn't have to do with being homeless, and everything to do with having bad manners without consequences for your actions. And now you're paying 10x as much to house them in a jail while probably increasing their chances of future illegal activity. Good luck getting anything else to actually stick to people suffering from a mix of medical issues, mental illness, and addiction. >Once you’re coordinating groups of people you need a manager to keep them working together towards a common goal. No, you need someone to coordinate them. It does not need to be your manager. Plenty of matrix and matrix like organizations which have split the two. Managers just need to enforce who that person is and resolve people (not product or business) disputes. >There can be advantages in that the developers more often can do the tasks passably well enough that you can spread tasks around, but if it's not accounted for a lot of the time people are fooling themselves when it comes to the costs. It is cheaper than hiring a full DevOps team which is a better apples to apples comparison. By spreading the load across the dev team I can automatically get a high bus factor and 24/7 hour on-call rotation. If the load cannot be spread across the team but requires specialized DevOps engineers then I lose both those very important points. Obviously once your company is large enough it's different but for small teams/companies it is an important factor. >I mentioned that approach, yes. But it can backfire if the team member is makes big mistakes. The non-technical manager will have a hard time identifying bad decisions before they blow up. Why do you assume an out of date and no longer practicing manager will have a better chance of catching errors than causing them? There is a reason you hire experts and that reason is not so you can ignore them. If you're afraid of a single point of failure then you foster a collaborative blame-free culture where the engineers cross check each other. I've had managers who would agree with you and generally they were bad managers who hadn't realized they were no longer Senior ICs. My experience agrees although proper management training/mentoring can alleviate some of the issues. However the timeline I've experienced is different: * You have a great engineer or lead who knows the project inside and out * They are promoted to management. * They still know the project inside and out plus were recently coding so they dictate how things are done technically. It works great. * They get put on a new project which they don't know inside and out. * They dictate how things should be done technically because it worked for them in the past successfully. It works horribly. >most of the room follows my instructions Be aware that this works only because you were technical lead of the project and recently active in a hands on capacity. It will likely fail you once you are on a new project that you don't know technically and your skills are years out of date. So learn to find, trust and nurture the experts on your team instead. >One very simple thing they could do that might be helpful is provide an easy to understand guidebook for understanding the quality of various healthcare providers. Sort of a Michelin guidebook for healthcare Define quality. I think more broadly people just don't think as much as they should about what they really (and realistically) need in a hire and if their hiring process actually selects for that. To me a Senior Engineer is one I can trust to implement a successful project end-to-end with minimal hand holding. In some environments that means technical leadership or project management over a team. In others it may mean being a domain and tech stack expert who can do it themselves. Other times it's someone who can quickly jump into a new domain and get things done. >Calculating the value of your data is pretty easy actually. No it's not. You're mixing up the value of the data with the value of your attention. The world has made a killing off of advertising long before personalization came about so saying it's all due to personalization is a bit silly imho. It's not like advertising didn't exist before the internet so blaming the tech giants solely for it's impact on society seems odd. They didn't create advertising, they simply took away advertising money from other mediums. Google made plenty of money from search and search advertising before personalization. By that logic an ad in a travel magazine is using your personal data. I personally wouldn't consider search ads with no data being stored or user level history being used as not being personalized or user targeted. They're to me no different from an ad in magazine or a static banner ad on a web page. Presumably they purposefully hired those VR engineers in the first place in which case they should have just hired more Security engineers. >You have two sub-problems here. Either you take endpoint security very seriously (which becomes its own much more important bullet point), or you trust employees to encrypt their devices on their own. This process should be entirely automated. My concrete criticism: mention this problem alongside endpoint security. Do you have any recommendations for endpoint security? I'm setting that up now and finding a good vendor has been annoying. >Precisely how are your engineers reviewing “basic” security without basic qualifications? There are standards and checklists for this (ie: OWASP Top Ten). Being able to read and follow a simple checklist, that someone recommends to you, doesn't mean you're even close to an expert in that area. That said, the OWASP Top 10 includes "Logging and Monitoring" on it while this checklist punts it to Series A, so it's confusing. Infrastructure as Code is a useful thing and this is essentially building on top of that idea. For example, you can spin up an exact copy of any environment automatically including all software running on it. If something utterly takes out an environment you can spin up a new copy of it and be certain it's identical to what was there before. You can rollback and manage multiple pieces of software at once if there's dependencies between them. You have an automatic and immutable audit log of who did what and when. Using git you can keep track of all infrastructure related changes in one place instead of trying to piece together information from multiple sources when debugging. She's was a Sysadmin at Facebook from what I can tell. Interesting, they used to have Wikipedia data and now it's gone from the list, anyone know why? >Candidates pair with members of the engineering team, and work together on problems/projects in the actual CircleCI codebase. This seems like it'll bias to those who can quickly ramp up on a new code base in an unfamiliar environment. Which, in my mind, is a distinct skill from being able to contribute quality code to a code base you already know. I wonder if this is known and acknowledged bias or not at CircleCI. I totally agree that everything introduces bias, I was more wondering if this was intentional/understood bias or accidental bias. I wonder if this just means they know so much about people from first-party data they've collected (including their share buttons on other sites) that the additional performance gains from third-party data weren't worth much. In which case you've now built a centralized medical record storage system. And since people lose their keys all the time and you don't want that to cause them to lose all their medical records you also now have access to their medical records in plain text. Interesting, in the US credit cards have much stronger protections and essentially any fraud is fairly trivial to get a charge back for in my experience (merchant eats the cost) without any impact on you. With debit cards fraud will drain your bank account instantly so there's less incentive for anyone to fix it (it's not their money in limbo). I also believe, but may be wrong, that up to fairly recently there were also stronger legal protections on credit card fraud versus debit card fraud. >You don't find Kubernetes needlessly complicated? Do you actually need Docker or Kubernetes? They make life easier in my experience especially if you need something more than a simple self-enclosed application. For what I do we need Apache Spark, Airflow (which in turn uses RabbitMQ and Celery if you want to scale out), possibly JupyterHub (which also needs some way to spin up child servers), and then the application code itself. I've wired some of it up myself in the past and it's a massive pain in the backside with lots of edge cases (Spark used to have a shitty massive python script for cloud deployments which always was missing something). Deploying it on Kubernetes with Docker on the other hand is rather simple. I basically trade the complexity of Kubernetes/Docker for the complexity of custom deployment/scaling/management code. In my experience, the code quality of the former is going to be much much higher than the code that an internal DevOps team outputs. Which you'll likely want with any DB since analytics workloads are very different than the usual production DB workloads. Why? Technically speaking, simple ETL is easy to automate and not too much maintenance headache. Twitter is arguably successful so why would you consider their decision to be folly? It worked for them. Startups have limited resources. If you devote them to solving tomorrow's problems then you'll be beaten by someone who devotes their resources to solving today's problems. Which is neither json or yaml... It is however the push recently in Spark seems to be for better/faster Python support more than anything else. Probably because Databricks makes it's money from it's hosted notebooks environment which caters more towards non-engineers (who in turn would be more put off by having to learn Scala I'm guessing). I've used it for the last month+ now and it's not quiet there yet. Setup via terraform was mostly fine although the default subnet sizes were too small (since the networking layer seems to over-allocate IPs you only get 30% of the IPs usable for pods). The metrics backend is broken so metrics based auto-scaling of pods doesn't work. Also, r5 nodes aren't supported by the networking plugin since someone forgot to add them into it. User authentication for access to EKS is somewhat awkward. Also, the user role that creates the EKS cluster has magic admin access which I can't find a way to control. Because someone figured that they will make the most profit at that price point taking costs into account. Keep in mind that there are also presumably per student costs for things like grading assignments, exams, virtual office hours, etc. edit: Profit as institution, not just on this program, devaluing their in-person MS programs by charging very little for the online version would be a net negative in profit for example. Most likely tracking down what originally populated the variable and how it's used. I'm assuming the code base was large and spaghetti like. I'd say it's somewhat akin to proving a negative. Sure you get that it's a const, reference and function argument which likely refers to the Last Name Column. However is that all it is? Or is there more meaning in the name? Meaning that could be crucial to understanding how the application functions? Does one of the characters mean function reference or does it refer to something else? Apparently not in this case but how can you know without investigating? And prions are regular proteins just folded a bit differently but they give you mad cow disease. Biology can be tricky and even small differences can matter. Now how do you separate out a recruitment company who has solid experience engineers on board from one that doesn't but says they do? I've seen many of the latter and many founders who thought they were getting the former in the deal. Define experienced engineer. I've seen many on-paper experienced engineers who would be worse than a junior engineer on a project. >oh yeah I've seen that before, lets not do that here's why Which can actually be a pretty bad way of going about it imho if you only use your own direct experiences for that. Just like science, basing your decisions on a limited number of anecdotes is problematic because small biased subsets are not representative of the whole. >You have to make a decision based on something. And like science you can base it on the collective experience versus your personal experience. Preferably from rigorous studies but we mostly lack those in CS. So hopefully you're reading books, blog posts, studies, conference presentations, discussing with colleagues, etc. >this is why in most serious technical interviews today, you will often get asked about your past experiences. Interestingly the top companies seem to be focusing a lot less on experience and a lot more on problem solving/system design/etc. Preferably for an internal project you have a trusted delegation chain that would catch the issue early on. >Simply integrating with 365 isn’t enough to justify its use for anyone who knows any better. But compliance may be. For example, Slack charges a lot of money and requires a lot of users for actual HIPAA compliance (as in signing a BAA, everything else is marketing fluff). Teams, from what I can tell, comes with a BAA out of the box. >Slack charges what, $12/user/month for the full version with compliance and auditing included? The $12/user version does NOT include a signed BAA which means it is not HIPAA compliant for all intents and purposes. Like I said, anything without a BAA that says it's HIPAA is useless marketing fluff designed to confuse people. Only the Enterprise Grid product is eligible for a BAA and I believe even then there's some large minimum contract fee. >substantially Wow, that's a legal landmine. Is there even a legal standard or consensus for what "substantial" means? >If the instance runs at higher CPU utilization for a prolonged period, there will be an additional charge of $0.05 per vCPU-hour. This seems to be the same as the T2 unlimited instances. Interesting that it's now the default and only (?) option. My reading of the comments is not that it must be free but that it must be well designed (legally) and without BS. Saying it OSS + Something when that Something makes the whole thing not OSS is disingenuous and somewhat fishy at a minimum. It's marketing BS designed to make the whole thing seem better than it is. Engineers tend to dislike marketing BS. If it's no longer OSS then that's fine but be fully honest about it. When that Something is furthermore legally ambiguous and with many open questions that also a valid complaint. Lawyers are expensive and Engineers overall dislike dealing with them. A license that requires and invites lawyers is naturally not going to go over well. For how long is the question to me, per the blog post: >Redis’ permissive BSD open source license allows them to do so legally, but this must be changed. Doesn't seem like having Redis core contain enough useful functionality and staying BSD lines up with their vision. Based on this interview from 2016 Salvatore agrees with the issues of BSD and cloud vendors so he may be a lot more amenable to a license change than you suspect: https://venturebeat.com/2016/06/19/redis-creator/ >But now, for the first time, GPL could be interesting again because of the cloud vendors. Because with BSD, cloud vendors are able to extract a lot of value from an open-source project, to the point of making it very hard for the project’s initial creators to make a business out of it. Let’s call it the “AWS problem.” The AWS problem, technically, could be enough in some way to create problems for the whole open-source ecosystem. Now people know that if they start an open-source project and put a lot of effort into it, they could be marginalized by AWS. That could mean that GPL would return again as the primary license for open-source software in the future. Another problematic aspect of this is that to me the Redis situation seems like a corporate grab of open source software after the fact. By that I mean, Redis Labs are not the creators of Redis. They are a consulting agency that then hired the creator of Redis. In other words, they only exist because the original Redis was not Commons Clause. Now they want to build a moat so others can't do what they did. Not a good precedent. Reminds me of Databricks, the company founded by the Apache Spark creators. More and more of what they do is fully proprietary and at least one their previously OSS module is now proprietary (Redshift integration). They also boast of how much faster their cloud offering (running on top of AWS) is than other Spark cloud versions (running on top of AWS) which makes me suspect there's performance improvements that they're not open sourcing. They have a right to do it but then they're making proprietary software and people who like open source software are free to not like/support them as a result. >So basically Apache has two separate projects doing the same thing As someone else said Airflow and NiFi are decently different. However, Apache having multiple projects that overlap is pretty common. Streaming you have Flink, Spark and Storm. Batch processing you have Flink, Spark, Hadoop MapReduce, Hive, and Tez. Serialization you have Avro and Thrift. Columnar storage you have ORC and Parquet. Batch ETL management you have Oozie and Airflow. NoSQL you have Cassandra and HBase. That's just off the top of my head. I agree in principle but I've first hand seen what happens when a company that has grown doesn't get the tools it needs. A ticketing system, for example, is how you create a unified view of what matters and what should be worked on. Otherwise it becomes a game of politics and social cunning down to the IC level which is not how I want to spend 8 hours of my day. The Toyota system seems fairly different than a diesel-electric train system to me. As I understand it in a diesel electric system the three components (diesel engine, generator and electric motor) all do one thing the whole time and there's no batteries. In the Toyota system however the electric motors can flexibly act as either motors or generators. The gas engine in Toyota also doesn't need to always be on to provide power. EKS pods use the VPC networking layer so I think they meet the criteria. They use secondary IPs attached to instances rather than virtual IPs. I’ve been able to route to them from non-EKS instances in the same VPC. >That said, I think the main point is that his manager and some of his colleagues ganged up on him because they felt threatened, and that resulted in him being let go. >That does indicate a problem for Google if true. I mean, if his writing is a reflection of how he behaves then why is this a problem for Google? Getting rid of toxic people in a company is a positive and not a negative. >Nov 09, 2018 05:59 >We will provide more information by Monday, 2018-11-12 11:00 US/Pacific. Wait, did the people tasked with fixing this just take the weekend off? Fair point but still seems odd that the people providing updates took the weekend off during a large scale customer impacting issue. I'm sure all the people spending the weekend trying to mitigate the impact of this on their infrastructure would love to have timely updates. I appreciate all the effort you're putting in and I understand such situations can be stressful but user's having to depend on someone responding on hacker news for status updates seems really amateur for an organization the size of google. The default you linked to has not been updated in 2 days... which is my whole point regarding having to rely on hacker news for any status updates. edit: The default is also only about the UI issue and there's no issue tracker for the broader non-UI disruptions going on since Friday. >This is a problem in the web ui creating additional node pools, there is a very simple workaround to use gcloud. What major impact are you referring to? Based on comments in this thread even gcloud is failing and so are other non-kubernetes services. Which may be inaccurate but there's a lot of people saying the same thing so maybe it is. You're right however that the linked issue is only about the UI. So Google isn't even tracking the service distribution issue in it's issue tracker much less updating people on. I personally think that's even worse... >Just to clarify, what should this update contain? "We're working on it", possibly an ETA for a fix or some details. Technically it's fluff but people are not machines and the update is for people. We like the feeling that people are working on a fix, that people care and that the end is in sight. It makes the situation less stressful and, as for why Google should care, less stressed engineers won't bad mouth Google as much after the fact. Right now we don't know. It's one of two possibilities from what I can tell: a) Google had a global service disruption that impacted Kubernetes node pool creation and possible other services since Friday. They had a largely separate issue for a web UI disruption (what this thread links to) which they forgot to close on Friday. They still have not provided any issue tracker for the service distribution and it's possibly they only learned about it from this hacker news thread. b) People are having various unrelated issues with services that they're mis-attributing to a global service disruption. Simple, the cost of an outage is less than the cost of a support contract. Very few things are really mission critical as in they can never go down. Rather they simply have a cost to going down and you can choose to pay that one way or another. >Google's mature products like Ads, Docs, GMail, etc are amazing. Until something goes wrong and the only recourse is to post an angry Hacker News thread or call up people you personally know at Google to get it fixed. For example https://techcrunch.com/2017/12/22/that-time-i-got-locked-out... . I mean, western companies promoted powdered milk to developing countries which likely has indirectly killed a lot of babies. They also promoted smoking, pollution, petroleum, prescription narcotics and a lot of other things that have killed a lot of people including babies. The world is not stable, technology is not stable, your competitors are not stable and your customers' desires are not stable. If you don't try to grow then eventually you'll start to shrink. Chrome is fun, today I learned you cannot turn off auto-complete for a page in chrome. Possibly some really creative hacks can do it but those seem to be "fixed" every so often as well. Which is great when you're building a HIPAA compliant page and would prefer that people's medical information not get cached by chrome (and then uploaded to their cloud storage if you're logged in). Where did I say URL? I'm talking a POST based form. Put a value into it a text field and Chrome will helpfully save it for future auto-completion. Then it'll upload it to your account on their cloud if you're logged into an account. How do you think it's able to fill out your name, address, etc. on all those web forms? I personally find that claim dubious since I don't think there are 150 units available in all of LIC and it takes a non-trivial amount of time to buy a condo. So for 150 to sell in a week that means there must be 300+ in flight which is basically impossible. Plus for a single firm to do that means there must be, what, 5x as many across other firms which comes out to 1500+. I somehow doubt that 20+% of LIC's total condos are in the process of being sold within a few weeks. My guess is that there's some sort of velocity/acceleration threshold. So since the elevator car was still attached by other cables it didn't fall fast enough to trigger the mechanism earlier. >But I think they had/have more than enough money to be a strong player in the enterprise market. I've dealt with their business division(s) recently and it was nothing but headache after headache. Things didn't work (and no one knew why), opaque convoluted processes, weeks of waiting, 503 errors when trying to pay, etc. For comparison, AlphaZero used 4 TPUs and the same number of cores. So more computing power but not absurdly so. >but um now we need governments to stop us, please? I read it more like: "we now need governments to stop our competition by creating a much higher barrier to entry than we had to deal with." In this case it's almost the opposite I think. MS has good technology and that is why they would want regulation. If there's regulation then any potential competitor will now have a much harder time creating a competing product. Interesting although apparently still experimental. Does anyone know if Drone has good support for a monorepo? As in, on a PR only running tests for the projects which have code changes in that PR? With CircleCI the solution we use is really hacky. If I open a question then I basically get nothing but that question (and similar questions) show up in my feed. For someone who has passing interest in random topics (so I click on a random question every so often) suddenly having nothing but repetitive WW2 tank questions in my feed is annoying. All those topics I was told to select, btw, mean nothing apparently and never show up in my feed nowadays. I took the chance with their data breach and required password change recently to just stop using the site altogether. Two week notice during the holiday season seems pretty sudden and painful for users. I feel bad for those who now have to scramble and probably miss time with their families as a result. Yeah, definitely not fun for those impacted. In my eyes it's evidence that you definitely shouldn't bet your company on a startup unless you have a backup plan that you can implement quickly or the benefits are massive (ie: the reward is worth potentially losing your business). Larger companies also kill products but they tend to give a lot more heads up. Sure Google can and does shut down products but they tend to give more than two weeks notice during the holidays. >If this is ok with thermodynamics then so is using lenses. It's okay because solar panels are not perfectly efficient while lenses are, in theory, perfectly efficient. That efficiency loss is in essence the "cost" of moving heat from a colder to a hotter place. I'm guessing, but don't quote me on it, that solar panel efficiency is related to the temperature of the sun and the local environment just like any other heat engine. >Each new platform takes time to write support for and we have a long list of features requests. We'll get there! And until you write that support do you still take tips and send them to the whois account holder of the domain? Or do you block tips? Because I find that I do not fully understand a problem and it’s potential solutions until I am working through it in reality. >In fact, you could argue that the GDPR concentrates power in the hands of those megacorps That's pretty much par for course with any regulation. Regulation creates a barrier to entry for new players which means that existing players benefit. Just like Microsoft wants AI regulated now that they're an established and large player in the space. If there's enough of a net benefit for consumers is a separate issue. Is it a joke? Does the average customer care more about saving $10 or protecting someone's copyright? I'd argue given the how prevalent copyright infringement by people has been that they'd rather save $10. So Amazon is doing exactly what customers want which is cheap goods irrespective of everything else. The linked story is mainly about copyright infringement of artists and that is what I responded regarding. You're talking mainly about trademark infringement and I agree that Amazon is screwing over their customers regarding it. Of course, their end game is pretty clear in that area. Buy "AmazonBasics" products and you're certain they're legitimate. >Specifically, what's stopping a competitor from eating Paypal's lunch right now? There's already regulations (or industry rules) regarding money laundering, credit card processing, credit card charge backs, international money transfers, etc, etc. That alone creates a decent barrier to entry. Then there's other issues such as merchants lying, customers lying, refunds, stolen accounts, etc. PayPal closes accounts (and so on) as a consequence of trying to deal with all these issues. I'd posit that PayPal does not suck because it's PayPal but because of the product itself and anyone who tried to fully replicate it would run into the same issues (and thus suck just as much). >You still think in a for profit manner, where healthcare in most countries is not a for-profit endeavour. And in the US it's not. Assuming that you can simply remake a massive chunk of the economy (hospitals, doctors, nurses, clinics, etc, etc) to be government owned is silly. People will protest, lobbyists will be paid and it won't happen. If your only solution to the problems people point out is essentially magic then, no, it's not a valid solution. >Sure, but adequate and auditable documentation need not involve the patient nor money. Since almost all healthcare in the US is private (hospitals, doctors, clinics, etc.) then, yes, it needs to involve money since all those entities will want to get paid. And, no, the government can't take it all over since everyone will fight it (and win). >Just a "here is the medical care we dispersed, on this date, to this person, it took these resources, these people administered the care." No following up every record for payments, no arguing with insurance companies over the price. This is basically existing medical billing without the follow through (what was done, why, when and by whom). Not sure why you think money (ie: paying hospitals, doctors, etc.) needs to be removed from the equation for it to work. >The only reason there is medicare fraud to worry about right now is because not everyone is supposed to be on it, the "fraud" is attempting to get free health care. Which wouldn't exist if everyone had it. Fraud is also doctors, hospitals, etc. billing for things they didn't do or didn't need to do. Your website seems to be down right now. >Nobody would choose to drag around every historical afterthought in the development sequence of long forgotten software going back three decades that no longer builds with current tools, just so they can work on a small library off in a corner. If it doesn't work then it should be deleted. If it's still running somewhere then it should be maintained. Presumably you have a CI system so the monorepo actually requires everything in it to build. In my experience, it's polyrepos that allow for dead and un-maintained code to just sit there for eternity. You forget about that unused repo right until the moment the service it deploys to (if you can track down that dependency) needs an update or goes down. Monorepos can more easily force system wide CI that checks for broken dependencies or other issues. >not something your devops/release engineering team will thank you for. It's their job. If they actively don't want to do work then you probably made a hiring mistake somewhere. By that logic what DevOps really wants is to the company to shut down since then they'd have none of that tedious work to do. You're making a lot of assumptions about how such a move would be done which I don't feel are warranted. You're picking the hardest most painful option and then using it to claim the process is painful rather than that the option you chose is painful. If I was moving many small repos into a single mono repo then I'd do it one repo at a time. Presumably your small repos are independent entities so there's no reason to do a single massive switch. Transition each repo to the new build system inside the existing repo. Once that works then you can transition that repo into the mono-repo and tie together the build systems. No need to stop releases, no massive chance of everything failing, no weeks of debugging while the world is stopped, etc. Rinse and repeat until everything is moved over. Process becomes more optimized and less error prone with each repo that is moved over. Why weekends? Small moves means you do it during the week and during regular working hours. Done in branches with CI support so that it's pretty unlikely to break anything. If doing regular releases require you to be spending your weekends then you have bigger issues to fix first. Spread it over however long it takes. Why are you trying to make your life more difficult? Apple has a financial incentive for making the browser as bad as possible for anything complicated. After all, they don’t get a 30% cut from browser apps. >I'm kind of surprised by these 'browser is so bad' comments. Anyone here tried to make a browser before? Anyone make one less buggy than Safari? So? By that argument almost nothing can be compared or criticized or discussed. Also, people aren't saying that making a browser is easy or that they can do it better or that Safari didn't do it well. They're saying that Safari did it badly compared to other existing mobile browsers. You don't need to build something to be able to compare it against something else. Per the comment from abrowne Firefox does not do hardware acceleration by default on Linux for any hardware. So same as Chrome for Nouveau but Chrome does support acceleration for other drivers out of the box. It seems slightly easier to enable it for Firefox but both browsers provide a way to enable acceleration if you want to take the risk. Chromium said they'd do that if someone tested which Nouveau versions work fine and provided a test suite to use. Ilia Mirkin (in the link) said he tried to run their test suite but got errors on the latest Nouveau (possibly due to a browser issue). So as it stands now Chromium doesn't know which if any versions of Nouveau are stable. For those interested in what Caltrain itself thinks here's their latest presentation on plans and expectations for 2040 (which was put out after the linked blog post): https://www.caltrain2040.org/wp-content/uploads/CBP_November... Caltrain thinks on the high end they can get ~243k daily riders by 2040 up from the current 62k. That's actually a bigger capacity growth (3.9x versus 2.9x) than the blog is talking about although the blog only goes up to 2035. Caltrain seems to be thinking along similar lines although who knows how much of this will pan out: https://www.caltrain2040.org/wp-content/uploads/CBP_November... You're free not to work on backend javascript (or other interpreted languages) but many people would (and do) disagree with you. I'm curious why that's the case and under what conditions it applies. Constrained geography means that, physically, you can fit fewer people within the same commuting time which means prices should go up faster given demand than otherwise. Given an external source of demand (ie: hot area for whatever reason) that seems a bad combination for a healthy city. It's not just a bitter pill but a very expensive one. That's, what, 50 miles of tunnel at a cost of $300 to $800 million per mile (based on other US projects). That's $15 to $40 billion total which is a massive investment (BART's budget is only $700 million per year) and I somehow doubt even the high end captures the full cost (once NIMBY get's involved). Sure but then you get past that density into territory where the price per square foot means everyone lives in shoe boxes and/or is priced out. Higher density costs more money per square foot to build. Cheaper and faster does not mean it's cheap or fast. Traffic needs rerouting, existing underground infrastructure (water, power, etc.) needs to be handled, stations need to be built, ventilation needs to be built, etc. The BART Berryessa Extension was above ground (even cheaper) and still cost $230 million per mile. So, yeah, I doubt cut and cover would be anywhere close to cheap. >Manhattan is an island Surrounded by a giant empty plain which people commute in from (as in it's population doubles during the day). And there's constant issues with wealth inequality, homelessness, living conditions for the poor, etc. Money is not the only measure by which a healthy city is defined. >Those are factors of all underground construction. Yes, my point exactly. Underground construction is not cheap. >What's your definition of a healthy city, and why does massive sprawl satisfy it so well? Now you're putting words in my mouth, just because I don't agree with your extreme must mean I hold the other end of the extreme? >all conversations I believe Alexa only streams what you say after the trigger word and not all conversations. Assuming you believe Amazon. Sure. But most people trust corporations with almost all their private correspondences, photos, internet browsing history, shopping behavior, etc. So at that point how much is there to lose by adding everything you say into the mix as well? >But I doubt it'd make sense to use bamboo to build my house in snowy Norway, rather than locally sourced lumber. Based on other comments a bamboo house (baring some kind of treatment and/or constant maintenance) may not last long in your climate due to differences/fluctuations in humidity/temperature. The US lacks labor laws which means hiring people is a low risk activity since you can easily fire them. You can also work them for 60 hours a week and 52 weeks a year. The labor laws that do exist, for example in California, are about workers being able to switch companies versus them not losing their jobs. That means you can quit your job, start a startup, hire people, shut down the startup and then find another job with ease. When you need to give two months notice to just leave a job that whole process slows down significantly. I'm not familiar with Unity so I have a few questions which aren't clear to me. Why is SpatialOS running Unity code in the cloud? Presumably a Unity client can talk to an arbitrary server backend over standard network protocols, right? Was it simply easier to write the backend in the same SDK as the frontend? Does Unity provide a networking layer that works better with both sides running Unity SDK? >It was my understanding that the degree to which those can be enforced in California is limited. California limits non-compete agreements and anti-moonlighting clauses however, as far as I know, does not limit NDAs. MongoDB's new license does not in any way prevent you from using MongoDB in whatever way you want. It simply requires you to, in some cases, release the changes you make to it publicly. You know, like the GPL did before companies found that a SaaS model let's you side step the release changes requirement. MongoDB did use the AGPL and still had issues with companies trying to argue they didn't need to release their changes. So they switched to their own license which was even more explicit on the matter. >What problems did MongoDB run into? Can you link to any specific instances? MongoDB does not specify, to quote their FAQ on the new license: >As a result, we have observed organizations, especially the international cloud vendors, begin to test the boundaries of the AGPL license. >I think the best way to find talent is to do a trial run for 1 - 2 weeks and see how good they are at taking fuzzy problems and breaking them down into actionable steps, then executing. Except even if you could get someone to do that it doesn't filter for the right candidates. Someone who can quickly get up to speed in a foreign domain is not the same skill as being able to build great systems/code/etc in a domain you're familiar with. The day to day of a programmer after the first X months if the latter and not the former. Happened to me, Macbook now has a useless display and I can either spend $600+ or have an overpriced desktop. Didn't even use it that much. Every few weeks there's a story about something in Google's automated machinery failing a customer with no recourse except to post an angry blog/twitter/hackernews note and hope it get's noticed. The core issue (bad and powerless customer service) isn't fixed and all that changes is the particular way it may bite you. The problem is that there's two very different things achieved by the H1B process: a) Getting talented entry-level employees who graduate from US schools to stay in the US b) Getting talented experienced employees to move to the US The H1B is actually rather bad for b) due to the long processing time (6 months) during which a candidate cannot work in the US and high chance of not winning the lottery. Revamping the O1 visa makes more sense for that case. So that leaves a) for which salary requirements based around experienced employees make little sense. >Without that, I don't think it's that much attractive. Given that salaries can be something like 5x what you get in Europe for the same experience level with lower taxes there is a big reason. Probably even more compared to places outside of Europe. If you're working at a large tech company making good money then healthcare doesn't matter (since you got solid medical insurance), school district doesn't matter (since you can afford to live in the good district), labor laws don't matter (in fact their lack is probably why you're making 5x the money) and social security doesn't matter (that's what saving the decent chunk of money you make is for). That's fair and you're free to make that value judgement but you seemed confused as to why someone would make a different choice. >Who the heck needs a motorized desk????? A motorized desk is effortless and thoughtless so it's probably a lot less likely to break your flow versus having to spend 30 seconds turning a handle. Interesting but far from an account compromise on it's own. You still need to know the user's password in the first place and, I believe, you can't repeat the attack once they change their password. So if they change their password a second time or enable MFA themselves you're blocked permanently. So it allows for a existing attack to be prolonged one time and possibly makes it harder for a user to realize they're still compromised. I can see some value in a targeted attack on an individual although only if they don't respond by turning on MFA themselves. >I'm not saying we should purposefully agree on killing all but one framework, but the ideal situation is if one or two come out at the top as being just the best in their category so that everyone just use them, and all efforts converge towards those. That assumes you can have a single framework with all the features people want without causing issues (conflicting basic designs, high cost to maintain, deployment costs, configuration costs, etc.). >I believe it drastically reduces adoption of these tools because many of us avoid what appears to be bandwagon technologies as we don't want to consciously add layers of future technical debt when a majority of these projects will be abandoned. Doesn't seem to be impacting adoption of the major ones from what I can see (Spark, Kafka, Flink). Assuming you're at a scale where you need these technologies. Which most companies are not so it's a good thing they don't implement them just for kicks or as "future proofing." If you have a business problem that the main frameworks can't solve then trying out some of the other ones may be worth the cost. There's also ongoing support for older frameworks (Storm) so it's not like your code becomes useless. The approach open source is taking to resolve this issue is to embrace the diversity but create unified APIs on top of it. Apache Beam and Arrow for defining data workflows and data exchange formats respectively. There's also always SQL which works with a lot of the more data warehouse solutions out there (with some tweaks per solution unfortunately). The article is a bit ambiguous to me about whether it was 40 minutes after landing or 40 minutes after they failed to restart the engines. The former is sensible to me since it'd take time for them to try to restart the engines and make sure the plane is otherwise safe (probably some kind of checklist to do as well). Some other articles on this explicitly say it was 40 minutes after landing. >And then the pointy-haired boss will demand that the pop-up is fixed. Which they can do by finding a way to load a lot of JS that doesn't trigger the popup (someone below mentions running eval on a png). This will likely make the site even slower to users but there won't be a popup. I've found it best to never assume that intelligent creative people will choose the specific approach I want to solve a problem. It's ambiguous to me because the runway would presumably be closed as soon as the plane got stuck and not after waiting for the engines to restart. So the obvious reading of the sentence doesn't make sense. Yup. I work in healthcare and one story I hear is about readmission rates to hospitals. Basically, you don't want people to have to go back to the hospital after a procedure due to complications. So it makes sense for Medicare to reward hospitals and surgeons with low readmission rates. All good. Except for one little problem, there's one kind of patient that never ever gets readmitted. A dead one. And studies have shown that decreases in readmission rates are correlated with increases in morality rates (at least for certain procedures). If it's a choice between giving my CC to a random web merchant that likely doesn't know technology (so non-trivial chance that they or their third party payment processor are compromised) or using Paypal to pay then I know which one I'll choose. >There's zero risk to us consumers for stolen credit card numbers, so why would I care about that? Because doing charge backs, getting a new CC and updating everything which is using the old CC is an annoying use of time. Reddit provides a pretty large amount of features (once you include advertising, moderator features, subreddit customization, image hosting, etc.) while WhatsApp provided a very small number of features. As a note, Reddit is already running their own in house ad platform and have been for a while. >Does it really take that many people to maintain an already-working web site? Probably. Unless you want to get shut down/sued for all the child pornography, narcotics trading, violent threats, doxing, etc, etc which people will use your site for. Not to mention all the other attempts to directly exploit, hack or manipulate your site. And larger scale tends to attract more bad actors. >Is the problem with that that it becomes too easy to doxx someone? That we like having a centralized authority that we can "trust" for authentication / authorization / pseudo-anonymity? Dox, send child pornography through, use to sell narcotics, plan hitman assassinations with, etc, etc. Not to mention all the fun stuff organized bands of miscreants can do to other people. Just look at Wil Wheaton's adventure with Mastodon for an example. My argument is more that people would prefer to not be on a platform where they are at the mercy of organized miscreants or one that is known for lots of illegal activity. So centralized platforms provide a layer of safety that people want. It's really hard to make a platform that allows broad speech, is actually decentralized/p2p (ie: rather than just federated), and is safe from organized abuse. As for the government, I believe the government is fallible, corruptible and that privacy has value. The government can keep up but in doing so you tend to lose more freedom than you had before. For example, Australia's new laws on encryption which would, combined with mass traffic surveillance, lets them know everything you say. So I'd prefer the government not care enough to actually solve the speed regulation problem because doing so puts dangerously much power in it's hands. Latency is likely higher/less controlled with a p2p solution and mobile devices can't easily be p2p nodes unless they're on wifi. >their technology _only_ kicks in if the user experience can be improved by using peer-to-peer I'm curious on how well that works in practice. I'd imagine there's more failures modes versus a regular CDN even after the initial decision of P2P or CDN. For example, you're downloading from another user who suddenly closes their app or whose network connection degrades. You can handle that but you'll need a larger buffer, on average, which increases latency. Slack has raised $1.2 billion and is now going to raise even more by going public. Discord has raised $280 million. Microsoft is putting who knows how much into teams. As I understand it, it's hard to monetize shady websites using anything except shady things like adware. Look at 4chan and it's perpetual struggle to get advertisers. >because what you actually do is easily replicated. Not really for Lyft/Uber, at not now that it's flat fee and ride pooling instead of a traditional per minute/mile fee structure. To achieve those thing efficiently you need data and until you get that data you're burning through a lot of money. Except the clown paid to host the party with the caveat that they get to yell at people. It's their party that you're getting to enjoy for free. You tried to get the benefit without any cost despite he terms being known and now the clown is kicking you out as a result. >Telling them “no” isn’t going to make them focus instead on the project leadership’s other priorities like it would in a corporate team. No one is asking them to. An open source project is not a corporation, it has no shareholders who require growth at all costs. So someone doesn't contribute to the project, if there's enough other contributors to keep it healthy then who care? No need to try and get every single potential contributor to contribute code to the project. >What greater 'tax' could you possibly conceive of than a whopping 38% of your development time on an enterprise product being spent debugging problems caused by type inference/coercion? Is there a link where they say they spent 38% of their development time on this? The slide just says 38% of bugs and fixing bugs is not the only way development time is spent and not all bugs are equal in terms of time to debug. Communication is expensive and improving it generally leads to increased engineer unhappiness. Engineers don't want to be in endless meetings, have to follow endless email threads, have endless planning meetings for any change, etc. If they wanted those thing they'd have moved into management of some kind. Wide scale refactoring is a rare occurrence and a somewhat constrained problem. The whole point of micro services is most changes are limited and constrained. In monoliths you have none of that so everything require mass communication and not just wide scale refactoring. >I feel like Kara Swisher just handled this in a bad way. Isn't it on Twitter, you know the ones running and presumably most familiar with the platform, to request how the interview be done rather than for the interviewer to know the nuances themselves? Please see batty_alex's reply in this same thread which neatly showcases that version of pro-unionization people. Clearly some people see unionization as a means to make everyone "equal" and to remove any individual differences in pay except seniority. For the greater good, of course. >Talk about an inflated sense of ego there. Do you not consider the fact that people make less may have nothing to do with where they stand in the talent pool? You're suggesting there's some sort of logical relationship between income and talent. Does it? Are you sure it's not your own cognitive bias at work? In the US, we live in a mostly capitalistic society and have a mostly free market. If talent was not tied to salary then companies would hire cheaper engineers rather than paying the current high rates. They don't because, in general, better engineers cost more money. Better here means they provide more value to the company which may involve them having better people skills. Doesn't apply to everyone but there is a decent correlation or else someone would be exploiting the opportunity shamelessly. edit: In fact, if you believe what you say then you should be able to create a great employee owned consulting business by taking advantage of the disparity between talent and salary. Isn't it $100/month/user? How are users calculated? Possibly, I used to work for a smaller ad company and one of the tests we did was random ranking of ads. Problem is that it can be a very expensive test to run so you wouldn't run it on anything except a tiny fraction of traffic. Amazon has emailed me multiple times to answer questions about an item I never bought (in the email they literally say "as the owner of" which I'm not). If they can't even get that right then I suspect they have a lot of data quality issues which would result in bad predictions. In general, when you're in the majority this information doesn't matter much since you're washed out among the crowd. When you're in a minority however it can be used for nefarious purposed by the right group. For example, the KKK may like to know all the black people who live in predominantly white neighborhoods so they can set a few crosses on fire. Or maybe, you live in a fundamentalist Christian town and prefer your neighbors not know you're not actually Christian since they'd harass you (and the cops would help). >Is the KKK going to search through a marketing database to find out where black people live, or are they going to just drive around the neighborhood and see which houses black people go into? The intelligent ones will figure out the fastest way to get what they want or maybe some foreign government interested in impacting an election will send them a list of targets. >The information flows both ways. We could also use location data to see who regularly attends KKK meetings and who was at the house at the time a cross was burned in the yard and then arrest them, which is ultimately going to be more effective in stopping things like that from happening. Attending a KKK meeting is not illegal and turning off your cell phone during the crime is easy. Furthermore, the police are not angels but merely people. If you make it easy for the police to get this information then they will abuse it against those they don't like. Like the FBI threatening Martin Luther King. It's $255 and doesn't come with any switches from what I can tell. Not the person you're responding to but I've heard good things about the UHK: https://ultimatehackingkeyboard.com/ Github is free to do whatever they want and everyone else is free to complain about. Freedom to do something does not mean you're free of consequences for doing so. >Unfortunately most teams cannot be trusted to pick the right tool for each job without overcomplicating the planned implementation. Ego and the yearning to do “cool stuff” conspire to derail projects that could have been built without fuss using simpler tools. Force them to only use simple tools and the good ones will move elsewhere because they know that being stuck on just the simple things is going to limit their careers. edit: And losing them will probably cost you more project velocity than you'd ever gain with different tools. Part of working with humans and managing humans is understanding they're human and not machines. And keeping those humans happy does very much impact the bottom line. If spending 20% more effort on a project retains engineers that speed up projects by 30% then it's a net gain for the business. Bad companies and managers don't understand that and then wonder why all their engineers are bottom of the barrel (or rather why their projects end up such disasters while those of their competitors don't). >Unless Etsy issued 1099s it doesn’t matter how much money they push into the account, it doesn’t mean it will be considered income. Etsy does issue 1099s to sellers who meet certain criteria although who knows if this will be included. Credit cards already have legal protections so worst case you can file a charge back and your money is safe. Etsy has access to bank accounts which don't even have the credit card protections. As I see it technical people don't want to do the mundane repetitive and boring tasks that a recruiter does. And introverted technical people, which many are, especially don't want to spend significant time socializing with random other people. You can try to automate the whole process, which various companies are doing, but keeping the spam out is difficult. And bad automation is also even worse to deal with than a human recruiter. Then you should train them so they can do the thing. Having a bus factor of 1 is a bad thing even if you have room on your plate. The problem is that at some point you'll become the bottleneck and projects will be delayed as a result. Or you'll get sick, a loved on gets sick, etc, etc. Either way productivity will suffer and things generally start to spiral downwards then (people get bored, leave the company, putting more work on you, etc.). In many places there is always something urgent and there will never be a good time to slow down. Then you end up in my first point eventually. So part of your job is to create that breathing room, push back on projects, get people trained, etc. Think long term and not just moment to moment. edit: And if you think training people now is painful, doing so when you're actually past the breaking point will be be a lot harder and cause a lot more disruption. >The technology is there to allow us to have both without too much compromise either way. That's great! Except it's not there, there are compromises, mainly around durability and repair costs. In my experience modern macs laptops are more fragile than older ones and cost a lot of money to fix when they break. Sometimes they break due to design compromises and even more design compromises up the repair cost through the roof (see complaints about the display cable for an example). STDs in general are sensitive since people may want to hide them or hide the implications. Abortions are sensitive as well depending on the social group. If you're underage you may especially want to hide those two from your parents depending on the social group. If you're a woman you may also want those two hidden from your family depending on the social group. Sweden has a large refuge population from very conservative cultures and things like acid attacks against women are decently common. So not keeping those thing hidden can get you killed or horribly injured if you're in certain social groups. In this case he is the manager so he can do all those things you mentioned to properly train his team. It takes effort and sacrifice but that's his job. I'd argue that if you have a toxic team culture then no matter what you do things will escalate. Code reviews are a focal point but if they didn't exist then the focal point would move somewhere else. For example, engineer A commits some code and then engineer B rewrites it and then they get into an argument about it during a meeting. Toxicity in code reviews is at least auditable so a pro-active manager can nip it versus someone going off in a meeting they weren't part of (in which case it becomes a she said/he said situation). Sure but 99% of the companies they're hiring for probably don't need low level programmers. >Just fire the bad ones Who and what decides what a bad software engineer is (note this is very different than deciding who is a good)? Is it a manager? Managers are single people so shouldn't be the sole deciding point. So you need to gather feedback, aggregate it and decide what constitutes bad. Then have that feedback reviewed by independent people to ensure that no one is being unfair. That takes time and bureaucracy. I was thinking the same thing. Just generate two random numbers in polar coordinates and then map back to a cartesian offset. Only trickiness is taking the square root of one of the numbers to generate the radius rather than the random number itself. Isn't CSS (with HTML) Turing complete? The value of the company has increased either way, the fact a round happens doesn't change the underlying value but merely signals it. Since employees generally can't sell their shares either way that signaling doesn't impact them. So, in your example, before the round you actually owned $500 and after the round you own $50. The id of tweets includes the time stamp. The sequence is just an incremental number per server per millisecond. As far as I can see it’s not based on retweets. Which is likely why they have gone out of their way to not kill off AWS services. >Mostly because people don't really use any of the products Amazon releases at scale. AWS would beg to differ. However, Amazon has been very good at not getting rid of AWS services so it's reputation is that it's at scale services are going to stay safe. AWS is not a single service but a large collection of separate services that interconnect. Some of which are quiet old and not exactly cutting edge. Yet they don't get deprecated. I've been outside when it was 120 and as long as I stayed hydrated I wasn't too bad. Sweat tended to evaporate quickly. I've also been outside when it was 90 and humid. That was sweaty hell. Kaiser only started implementing Epic in 2005 and finished in 2010. So any lock in is squarely on their own shoulders. Protecting Elastic Search the company and Elastic Search the open source project is not the same thing. AWS is releasing their changes as open source software to the public and maintaining their release. As long as ES the project keeps getting released who cares if it's Amazon, Netflix, Google or whomever that pays for the work behind it? Boeing is a US military supplier and a strategic US asset in the airspace industry, the US government will ensure that they do not go under no matter how much damage they do (see car industry). Furthermore even if that wasn't the case the people who cause these issues have almost zero chance of facing personal liability. As a result, it's in the personal interest of the people running Boeing to cut corners and extract maximum short term reward (ie: personal promotions, stock grants valuations, etc.). >Let me get this straight: you think that showing a medium sized banner ad in a window is better than a few lines of text using the OS provided notification API? Why? Because the banner ad does not distract me from something else while the notification does. The banner shows up when Steam starts which means my attention is on Steam and specifically on waiting for it to start. The notifications come up any time which means I'm specifically focused on something else. The MAX-10 has longer landing gear by 10 inches and I'm assuming it shares the same type rating as the rest of the 737 line. So it is possible. However the MAX-10 required a telescoping landing gear to achieve that so I'm assuming the real reason to not do so earlier was cost to design, cost to manufacture and weight. The MAX-10 got around that by having a telescoping landing gear and was able to get 10 inches more as a result. >I believe it's becoming increasingly clear that merely allowing far-right dialogue online is essentially responsible for ease of radicalization, and that proactive censorship would be the best approach to forestall this. Because of course, censorship only blocks the material you personally don't want others to view and never material you personally would want others to view. I can see a lot of politicians, especially those getting elected nowadays, wanting to block any discussion of minority rights, LGTBQ+ rights, trans rights, drug reform, abortion, women's health, women's rights, climate change, non-christian religion discussions, etc, etc, etc. edit: Note that this isn't a straw man argument. All it takes is one to look at the censorship that happened in the US in the 50s and 60s (comic code, movie/television code, mccarthyism, etc. ) to see what is possible. Hypocrisy? Why do you assume that censorship will be used to block far-right material rather than leftist material? The right is gaining more and more political power and historically (at least in the US) is the side most willing to use censorship for it's own benefit.