Yeah, that was one of the goals. Ink is supposed to co-exist with existing layouts when you have a legacy to maintain. Well, IIRC Ink came about due to the need to quickly build out sites like that (you'll notice SAPO is involved in a bunch of other services like that), and things dovetailed together when the site was revised recently. Nope, not a skin. It's a very different beast in terms of grid layouts, for instance. Please do, and feel free to file issues on Github: https://github.com/sapo/Ink Thanks for the heads-up! Like the other guy said, IE7 isn't that rare in Portugal. it's a sensible baseline for SAPO, which, incidentally, runs the biggest web portal in PT (I work there). And yes, corporate governance regarding browsers does weigh in heavily in mass-market sites here, so we have to make sure the layouts don't break - Ink enables delivering a predictable, working layout that degrades gracefully down to IE7 for that reason. Which, incidentally, don't require you to use jQuery. Just sayin'. (it's agnostic). You've just made one of our design leads very happy - we're very proud of that page. Well, we're not actually selling, but rather giving it away :) Seriously now, it's been in internal use for a good while because it solved problems that Bootstrap didn't address (like the particular grid flavour and some corner cases in responsive layouts), and the best way gather feedback and improve it is, of course, making it public. Well, like I said above, it addresses some internal issues my colleagues had. It also tries to make a lot of things simpler for web designers (especially regarding the grid system) without tying you down too much. We have always been at war with Eurasia :) Seriously now, yes, Bootstrap has always had forms. But as a developer who merely dabbles in design, I personally prefer Ink's markup because it's responsive off the bat (at least compared to BS 2.0, haven't tried 3.0). I do something else that is a lot more readable: { "#": "this is a comment for the next line", "url": "http://foo.bar" } Simple. Carmack has been edging towards this for a while now (not Oculus, but the concept), and I foresee great things. OTOH, considering I played all of id's games up to Doom 3 (which I found a tad too creepy), I hope they strike a good balance between display smoothness and sheer unmitigated fun. I miss a good Q3A CTF. Nothing beats that moment when, late in the evening, you hear someone shout "GET THE FLAG!!!" across an open plan office. I've just updated my unofficial Mac OS X build (featuring alloy's native sidebar with a file tree): https://github.com/rcarmo/macvim/releases/tag/7.4 It's a tad controversial, I know, but I find it vastly more friendly than NERDTree, and I know quite a few people were looking for alloy's builds a while back. EDIT: screenshot, from an older build: https://f.cloud.github.com/assets/392683/793013/469e0c62-ebd... Hi! Are you sure? Check out my build: https://github.com/rcarmo/macvim/releases/tag/7.4 EDIT: link to fixed release. Yeah, that was only in the README. Fixed. Hmm. I guess turning on Lua was a bad idea. Apparently forcing a static build didn't work right. Will be fixed in around 20m. EDIT: fixed! Disabled Lua for now, I have both my own build and brew's installed, and it will take some time to sort out. That would be grand. I've been using this for a few months now, and everything works OK - it was only this build that included Lua support (since I enabled it locally for myself a while back), but I've already tested the fixed binary on another Mac with no ill effects. Just grab a fresh DMG from the same place. Google me, it's easy :) I'm positive Lenovo will be thrilled to think people are mistaking their stuff for Apple's :) 2 things: - Jump Desktop works _a lot better_ than anything else in my experience (I live inside an iPad hooked up to XRDP) - Android terminal bindings are perfectly OK in https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androi... , so I'm curious as to what exactly was the problem you had (I also have an ODROID-U2 which I use as both an RDP client and an SSH/tmux client with extra smarts) Interesting. Serendipitously, I just came across some GSOC posts regarding getting Java on it: https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!forum/plan9-gsoc If that turns out OK and someone manages to port a browser over, it might be a good environment to do run Clojure. I suppose most people here aren't familiar with Cringely and his completely off-the-wall "revelations", using just enough facts and tossing in a few plausible (and deniable) "pseudo-facts" to spin a good yarn. FYI, iOS7 does _not_ support a mouse. Yes, there were jailbreak hacks for it. No, Apple has no interest in making the OS navigable with a mouse (even though the changes involved are actually pretty minor). Yes, apps can try to go their own, but good luck with trying to pair any other HID device besides a keyboard (or a few custom devices such as styluses) at this point. Also, as someone who's been successfully living off an iPad as a thin client (using SSH+RDP to a remote X11rdp server), yes, the iPad makes a kick-ass thin client, good enough for you to develop in (despite the screen size). It was even better when I could use Citrix/ICA, but perfectly usable in every respect. But, again, Apple doesn't care about thin clients - otherwise they'd have shipped a working ARD (Apple Remote Desktop, an enhanced VNC protocol with proprietary extensions) from day one. What they believe in is a nice, smooth, local integrated experience. This is amazing. FYI, this works out of the box with Mac OS X Lion's system Python and the gfortran compiler from homebrew - that's the only thing I need to install separately (Xcode and brew are required to install that, of course, but most people doing any sort of coding seem to have them anyway). Also, a tip for those of you wanting to do the same: I'm running IPython notebook, ggplot and all required packages under my user account without any hassles whatsoever thanks to this: $ cat ~/.pydistutils.cfg [install] install_lib = ~/Library/Python/$py_version_short/site-packages install_scripts = ~/Library/Python/$py_version_short/bin install_data = ~/Library/Python/$py_version_short/share Just set $PATH to include the install_scripts, run pip, and you're all set. Everything just works, without the need to install another Python interpreter or mess about with system components. (edited for formatting) Nice, but a couple of months too late for me. I've switched over to Parallels 9 on the Mac, and it is _much_ faster overall (not to mention better USB support). Also, I highly recommend Vagrant users to look into the vagrant-LXC plugin - that, too, is one heck of a lot faster than using either VirtualBox or VMware providers. I've documented my setup here: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/HOWTO/Vagrant Hmm. If only it supported SSH tunnelling out of the box. Seriously, RDP is not exactly "safe", and SSH gateways are common in mixed shops. I use Jump Desktop because of that alone. Yeah, but xrdp doesn't. And there are plenty of exploits available for RDP servers of either flavor. I'd never leave RDP open on the Internet. I'm not using Windows as a server - I'm using xrdp on Linux to access remote X sessions, since it's MUCH faster than any alternative (nomachine, vnc, etc.) Nice! Any chance jQuery can be removed as a dependency? Also, it would be nice to have the image block added to the demo. I'm rather unimpressed by the implementations of the Python benchmarks, and surprised there isn't a single mention of gevent - that alone would have speeded up, say, Bottle by nearly an order of magnitude. We use uWSGI + bottle + gevent for REST APIs and a relatively humble box can reach flood a gig Ethernet link with _useful_ replies. And, of course, any decent implementation will cache computed results, etc. (but toss Varnish in - which we haven't, yet, since there's no need - and you'll outperform anything else for cacheable replies). Incidentally, I've just updated https://github.com/rcarmo/HJKLPlugin with the new build UUIDs. You still need to self-sign it, but I'll eventually publish a binary. Too bad that miscellaneous issues prevent them from getting an Android port out -- regardless of RAM and CPU requirements, I've been trying to get a decent accelerated web view going on it since I first got one, and _nothing_ works well enough (Qt5 took forever to stabilise - and still isn't quite there yet, X11 still has no hardware acceleration, there are no browsers that take advantage of Wayland, Firefox OS is still not stable enough, and even the JavaFX preview ships without a web view). But hey, they can play back video pretty OK, so I eventually settled on a mix of video and live streaming a desktop browser rendered on a normal PC: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/hw/RaspberryPi/Streaming Thing is, omxplayer crashes out of the blue for no apparent reason (either halts the player process or locks up the RPi _completely_, on any hardware rev) and have an alarming tendency to corrupt SD cards, so I'm moving to the Beaglebone Black ASAP. They do make very nice low-power servers (I have one doing AirPrint via CUPS for iOS devices), though, and of course I try out a bunch of things on mine - if it runs quickly enough on a Pi, then it's blisteringly fast on a "normal" machine. sigh no way to get an ARM build going, though, nor more pointers for doing so with node-webkit. See https://github.com/LightTable/LightTable/issues/703 for more info. (Build instructions currently consist of dumping part of the current binaries and rebuilding the CLJS bits, which is straightforward but doesn't help much with porting to other archs) Best way I know of using macros in JS is https://github.com/Gozala/wisp , which generates pretty readable code. If you're going to pre-process, you might as well write in a nicer language... I call bullshit. These things are happening often enough for them to be a competitive strategy between rival VPS hosting companies. (I happen to have servers hosted at Linode, Digital Ocean and a local provider, and always find it amusing to tally the amount of "happy customers" that pop up in comment threads like this) The OP is going to have kittens when he finds out about hylang ( https://github.com/hylang/hy ) Played with it for some Bottle apps and otherwise boring scripts (which are now half the size and easier to maintain). No ill effects so far, but dealing with classes is... Un-hythonic somehow :) (Edit: typo) Weird. At least on Mail.app and Mavericks, plugins need to be properly code signed, etc. (I had to do that for https://github.com/rcarmo/HJKLPlugin to work in Mavericks) Well, let's see if someone can get Android to use the GPU now. And yes, I'm not expecting miracles -- even though Broadcom never released their 4.x port, what they demoed on the-teaser-video-that-was-never-followed-up-on seemed "fast enough" for a number of purposes. Very nice indeed. I'd rather have it without the exterior moulding, though. Very cool. Somehwat ironic that I'm reading this in Firefox Aurora on my VPS, controlled from my iPad :) I use xrdp (google xrdp scarygliders for a bleeding edge version) and Jump Desktop, which does RDP over SSH without fuss. Latency over a 3G connection is low enough for coding. I have the a Vagrant template for setting this up here: https://github.com/rcarmo/vagrant-templates ...all you need to do is read the Vagrantfile. I use the vagrant-lxc plugin to set up and tear down these environments on Digital Ocean. Interesting, but needs a few tweaks: - I simply cannot resize the windows on a Mac using the Accessibility API (I'm using Moom to tile my windows via keyboard bindings, and Zed is invisible to it) - Needs a few more docs on how to set up a theme (I tried three times before I managed to set Solarized on) - As much as it may seem counter its philosophy, I need vim bindings :) And yes, it's a tad slow. So is LightTable, which is why I am still using vim inside a terminal... Hmmm. No Python-gevent? Still? Good showing of http-kit, though. Love that lib. Tried it, seems there's something wrong with the image: https://code.google.com/p/inferno-rpi/issues/detail?id=1 (gonna try a second SD card anyway) I have high hopes for this, though, since Inferno is a lot of fun to tinker with. Back when Gruber tried to do something like that in his @daringfireball Twitter feed, it was so incredibly annoying to have the links fail on all my mobile devices that I set up a Python script to convert the links and re-post them under a @darlingfireball account... He recently posted about that not making sense anymore due to Twitter's URL shortener, but I don't have the link handy offhand. Awesome. I started looking at vNext last week, and stopped short of trying it then due to lack of a Windows machine (which I've set up in the meantime). This will make it a lot easier to experiment with. Awesome. I started looking at vNext last week, and stopped short of trying it then due to lack of a Windows machine (which I've set up in the meantime). This will make it a lot easier to experiment with. Well, it looks like it might run inside Mono, for one. I've been messing around with Inferno for a while (link below for completeness). I would love to have, say, Clojure, Python or something else with a sizable set of built-in libraries running on it, but (at least where Inferno is concerned) I had a lot of trouble finding anything to bootstrap that kind of environment (Inferno uses the `dis` VM, and there is a GSOC project that sort of gets Java running around that, but, again, no readily usable stuff). Notes here: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2014/05/04/2230#diving-in... I was able to find a vi-like editor for Inferno, fwiw. I think the issue is more a lack of updated language runtimes. In a word, dismal. They recommend you VNC over to another machine for using a full web browser, since the current existing browsers are far from modern (think Mosaic-grade with some CSS support) In terms of priorities, I'd think replacing JavaScript with Lua on the browser would rank higher -- it would at least make a lot more developers far happier. I was kind of expecting this. Although I like Go (and prefer it to NodeJS), I hope forthcoming feedback on TJ's "life choices" does not degrade into a "Let's move from Node to Go" echo chamber. More importantly, I hope the Node community's self-centred "holier than thou" doesn't bleed over, given that Go has (at least so far) kept a fairly high standard of discourse. That said, I, for one, welcome more contributors to the Go ecosystem. It is a good systems programming language, but it needs a few more "horizontal" libraries to make humdrum tasks (like parsing, accessing databases, etc.) more palatable. (edit: removed incorrect double negative) Scores high on layout, not so much on usability (I, too, took a while to realize there was a live REPL on the page) or readability. (I'm one of those people who tried to learn Haskell a couple of times but lacked use/time to really get to grips with it, so I can actually parse some of it, but the samples ought to be simpler.) I'd like that. The iPod Touch makes for a nice video camera. Still waiting for that 11" with Retina display, Tim. It's not about the battery, it's about the portability and the display. A 13" laptop is too big to lug around for me, and the retina display would enhance readability for me (I tend to read a _lot_ on screen, but an iPad is simply not an option for the rest of my activities). Dated and somewhat of a misfit in terms of pricing. I can get an iPad Air for nearly the same price, but I can't run VMs or code front-end stuff on it (I used to hack away on an iPad at libraries and other stuff that had longer iterations, but these days I need a "normal" laptop). Yes, and I'm sorely tempted even though I've only used Macs for five years now. (edited to add:) The keyboard's not very nice, though. vNext is, under a separate account: https://github.com/aspnet/Home It's probably just an IT thing. Many companies opted to deploy Firefox internally as an alternative to IE because it played well with their software management tools (as opposed to Chrome, which only got centralized version management later). In IT/helpdesk settings, you want to know what specific browser version your users are running to ensure intranet apps are compatible. Because, you know, legacy. Anyone who's used Siebel, Oracle intranet apps, etc. knows what it's like. This has awesome potential for orchestration tools, but I hope it's taken up as a separate tool -- I wouldn't want to pre-bake all of my networking into a Dockerfile, it would be best to have it done independently. He hasn't been paying attention, then. I've written about what happened in Portugal a while back: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2012/08/24/2240 (HN thread here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4437887 ) There's a flip side to that coin, which is that there are a lot of "incubators" set up to purportedly support Portuguese startups that have delivered (statistically) zero successes - there are exceptions, but as far as I know they're not portrayed in TFA. Regardless, it bears noting that there are more, standalone, bona fide startups out here trying to make it, and fortunately not all of them are relying on the app bubble keeping up. Well, I use http://ink.sapo.pt (full disclosure: I work there.) It's pretty complete and is constantly updated -- and besides including a battle-tested JS library of its own, it is evolving toward eschewing some of the "usual" dependencies. One of the key reasons I use it outside work is that it targets _generic_ sites and can be customized and/or pulled in piecemeal if you take the time to build your own version. Well, I'm a fellow portuguese speaker and it felt weird as heck, but then again this is HN, and it's been weeks since I read or wrote anything but English :) I see your points, but I disagree with highlighting being provided externally. The text rendering surface ought to be able to do it -- there are plenty of libraries that do a decent job of language auto-detection, for instance, all the more so in the JavaScript space. My curiosity stems mostly from the fact that things like CodeMirror and ACE have been available in the JavaScript universe for a while (and LightTable, Atom, etc. leverage those kinds of "surfaces") and yet nobody seems to have tried to get, say, node-webkit to run something like acme. So 1) all that's really necessary is the smart surface, 2) there are known instances of said surfaces (and plenty of people using them for a new generation of editors) and yet 3) nobody seems to have thought of reimplementing acme atop them. I use https://github.com/rcarmo/rss2imap with a dedicated GMail account. I read my news on any desktop or mobile with a choice of clients (GMail on Android or web works great, although I usually end up reading most of it on iOS or Apple Mail). Very nice. Wish it was on Github for easier contributing (and issue tracking). I wouldn't mind bitbucket, either. Anything that would give this more exposure. And, seriously, e-mailing patches is tedious, error-prone and ultimately inefficient. _anything_ that smooths the path for contributors is paramount for a successful project, and I, for one, would love this becoming more than a one-off, niche thing. (I'd also like to have Alt-Enter instead of Tab on it, and a Mac port, and even though the first is trivial enough to do, the second requires a fair amount of time to implement) Also, I asked HN about modern Acme clones recently: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8269442 (glad this came along) I have one of these. It's great, especially because you can just fire up a serial session to it and get a REPL. Here's a little video: https://www.flickr.com/photos/ruicarmo/14877450055/ FYI, the Plan9Front raspberry pi image is also surprisingly useful if you want a fast-booting graphical terminal (I use it to VNC and SSH to normal boxes): https://code.google.com/p/plan9front/wiki/9pi Site lists the Core with embedded chip antenna at $39, which is about the cost of a $35 Trinket 6-pack ( http://www.adafruit.com/products/1509 ). Granted those lack connectivity, but I think there's a sweet spot for something in between (i.e., with built-in BLE), maybe along the lines of these: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2016620887/mcthings-tin... Either way the Spark looks nice, and the extra cost is sure to be recoverable in developer time. "Dropped "dark wake" support on OS X, which was preventing portables from going to sleep when there was a stuck job. We now use a variation of the CUPS 1.4 sleep support to do a cleaner sleep ( )" At last. Other than using brew (which I love and use from the outset), I would strongly advise against following this guide without understanding what it's doing. Seriously. That's why the author says "This script should not be run without prior examination", for starters. And the bit about having to install a new Python just to get pip when you can do it just fine with easy_install pip... rolls eyes I started porting the Cognitect transducer libraries to Python yesterday, aiming for a purely functional interface (so that I can use them with hylang.org). Pull requests are welcome. There is a lot of Clojure code out there using Java interop. That said, a lot of "proper" Clojure runs across all three major runtimes (Java/CLR/JS) without any significant changes. (while I'm here, let me also point out http://hylang.org in case you use Python - it's a nice gateway drug, if you'll pardon the pun) Congrats. I watched the StrangeLoop videos as well, and have been itching to play with this -- I look forward to your next posts, and particularly like the exposure it brings to Clojure CLR. It already has, in a way. The Air's SSD already fits that description. The most amazing thing here is the USB-to-AUI converter. Wish I could reach the cached page for that. It's not that accidental. CUPS is developed by Apple. That's amazing, even considering the $4500 for the camera (which will probably pay for itself in a couple of months if you're a small architecture/design studio) I've lost touch with architectural 3D "capture" - who else is working on this space? Are there any consumer-level offerings? Personally, I find https://github.com/Gozala/wisp to be a whole lot more coherent and readable (and probably more mature, too, even though it has much less documentation). wisp also generates very nice JS code (and source maps), and my only real problem with it is that it lacks the time and resources ClojureScript clearly commands at this point. (edited to add: wisp also has a fair amount of activity: https://gitter.im/Gozala/wisp ) Seriously now, and without meaning to diss your work -- ever considered contributing to wisp? The project needs extra hands. Yes. I've been recommending that for years, actually: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/HOWTO/Switch I have a U2 (basically the same as the U3 with less ports), and the thing is so good I used it as a desktop for a couple of weeks ( http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2013/02/10/1230 ) - running NetBeans at a fair clip, to boot. The only thing stopping me from getting a couple of U3s is lack of cash, and I heartily recommend it. The Pi is... Sort of mediocre as a desktop (even as a thin client) and too complex for most hardware projects. We ran a number of them as digital signage clients for a while ( https://github.com/sapo/digital-signage-client ) and eventually moved to Android boxes ( https://github.com/sapo/android-signage-client ) because even with the recent improvements to WebKit and X the browser simply wasn't up to par. Worked reasonably nicely with videos, but I keep wondering how much more useful the Pi would have been (for signage, mind you) if they had released their internal Android build. Edit: forgot to mention I have five Model Bs in a cluster ( http://github.com/rcarmo/raspi-cluster ) where I run distcc and toy with Java/Clojure/Hazelcast. It's fun, but requires a fair bit of patience. You can check the load here: http://rcarmo.sl.pt:8888 I keep a Raspberry Pi on my desktop with plan9front because slow as it is, it's still the fastest way to get a VNC/ssh client going, but I don't think Wayland would be much of an improvement (although anything is better than Rio at this point). The problem here is that most of the plan9 community is too set in their ways to counter the dogmas around, say, Acme and three-button mouse usage (just to use an example that is UI-related but not strictly about the environment) or has moved on. Mind you, plan9front is still being maintained (and fixed, including EFI and 64bit stuff), but people doing UX and graphics seem to be in short supply in that neck of the woods. I've been using Textile for ages, and it's much better than Markdown for just about anything _except_ footnotes (in MultiMarkdown) and pieces with multiple references to the same URL. In particular, Textile has great table syntax, which I use extensively in pages like http://the.taoofmac.com/space/infoviz (markup at http://the.taoofmac.com/media/infoviz/index.txt ). But over the years I became so used to Markdown (largely thanks to the profusion of editor support it spawned) that I mostly gave in. Still, Creole might be a good addition to my next CMS/Wiki: http://github.com/rcarmo/sushy (already supports Textile, Markdown and ReST). You probably want to look into Zed instead. I found it to be the best editor I could run on an unmodified Chromebook. Jython 2.7 isn't quite all there yet, and last I used the betas it wasn't that practical. I've mostly embraced the JVM (as opposing to hating it), but I find myself reaching for Clojure a lot more than Java (although I have an Android app that I'm tinkering with). I find that an IDE helps (I use NetBeans for pure Java), but whereas I can hack just about anything in Clojure, Python or Go without much hassle, Java slows me down for some reason - I suspect it's the humungous class hierarchies and the time required to find whatever I need to accomplish simple tasks. Still needs Wi-Fi support ( https://github.com/micropython/micropython/issues/992 ), but now that it's merged into the main MicroPython project, there's extra incentive to add that. Even though I glance at plan9front now and then, I wonder if there is someone else (anyone?) working on modernizing Plan9 somewhat. Yes, I am well aware of the EFI support. But the status quo in terms of UX is hideous (barely above twm-grade), and it is currently next to impossible to use Plan 9 on a modern laptop with a touchpad. In short, my view is that chording your way through rio using a three-button mouse is about as unfriendly as modern Gnome, and that someone ought to put a stop to that without such tomfoolery as porting another DE to Plan9. Technological modernization won't win Plan9 new supporters, whereas UX modernization will, at worst, make it easier to use. Edited to add: I have Acme running via plan9ports on the Mac, and even the simple addition of Cmd+C/V/etc. for copy/paste made a world of difference. I am positively thrilled with the notion of actually using it someday without constant fiddling with the Option key and my touchpad. I haven't used a mouse on my desktop (any desktop, really) in over four years - I use Apple's Magic Trackpad to get the same experience and precision I have on my laptop. That said, considering that many more people use laptops these days, mouse chording is somewhat passé and hasn't caught up with the times. But I'd actually rather have the window manager work more like other environments (without using different buttons to get different behavior on window edges) and would love an actual compositor and better font rendering. Using pyzmq comes to mind. It might even work with IPython. You can run inferno (which has a similar userland) as a process in Linux, and I have plan9front on a Raspberry Pi that I use as a terminal (with vt and ssh2 to log in to other machines as well as VNC for using a browser remotely). What you're saying, in a nutshell, is that you based your expressed views solely on your own experience and use cases. That, I think, is what made the Plan9 community tank over the years -- I'll grant that a touchpad is different, but then again I will cheerily admit that my view is that it is vastly more powerful than a three-button mouse. sigh it seems I'll eventually have to update this: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2014/11/13/0830#the-insta... FYI, this is what's been eating into my Clojure output. The Hy REPL starts up instantly and the interop is so good I find myself writing small projects in Hy instead. Here's a wiki implemented with it (demonstrates using Bottle, doing URL routing and few other things): http://github.com/rcarmo/sushy ...and here's a little playground with various snippets of code: https://github.com/rcarmo/hy-there ...and a feed fetcher: https://github.com/rcarmo/mqtt-feed-fetcher/blob/master/main... ...and a prototype for a nicer REPL: https://github.com/rcarmo/hyrule Edited to add: The killer feature here is cross-interop: I can re-use my code in either direction (and have run Hy in PyPy, IronPython, etc. -- sadly, not in Jython yet) You don't need to translate it -- you can import modules both ways just fine -- THAT's the killer feature. Oh, and earmuffs become EARMUFFS, which is also nice. It will import cython stuff, and vice-versa. Hmmm. Cute. I can probably drop those straight into my Bottle stuff. Obligatory rant about too many IM apps: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2014/11/13/0830#the-insta... Or an ESP8266. My guess is that the board will be comparatively expensive. Seconded. 9front is _way_ ahead of vanilla Plan9, although that's a relative statement in such a tradition-bound community. You can check my other comments for more, but a couple of old-time UNIX folk I know described it as being dropped into a bare X11 environment with twm, a flint knife, and the Acme editor. Acme is amazing, but the whole thing uses mouse chording and requires a 3-button mouse, so it requires a lot of getting used to if you're newer to computers than, say, 1990. In general, Plan9 delivers on being "a better UNIX" in terms of what a standalone process perceives as its runtime environment - everything of consequence is a file, regardless of its location, and mounting remote devices of all kinds is wonderfully consistent. Sadly, all the "nice" things you take for granted on Linux (like hardware support, graphics compositing, audio, wi-fi, graphical web browsers, even SSH and modern language runtimes) are absent or have to be bolted on with fairly ugly hacks. Still, it runs OK on a Raspberry Pi. Wish it did so on a ODROID-U3, though. Yeah, but that makes sense at the OS level. UX-wise (and generally speaking, for most common uses of a computer these days), Plan9 is, sadly, almost useless. I myself only use it because I _like_ messing about with different (and arguably better) operating systems, but it's very, very, VERY hard to do so for general "work" or even browsing the web. My first thought was "oh PLEASE, let them keep distributing the CLI-only SDK". Why? Because I got burned by Eclipse so many times I got used to developing solely with vim and ant - then I started using NetBeans+NBAndroid and found it comfortable enough. Still, now that it's 1.0 I'll eventually migrate. Thank goodness I'm not alone! Where have you been all this time? :) Please don't. As a Pythonista turned LISPer, I've heard all that stuff before. What is pretty stupid is being unable to use Plan9 on a modern laptop with a trackpad -- again, check my comments on previous Plan9 posts. That would be a no. Moom is pretty handy, though. Well, then, I'll just go and get rid of my Macs. And the Magic Trackpads I use on my desktops, too. Not really, no. That's _very_ interesting. I wonder if anyone got it running on ARM. This is pretty cool in the sense that it seems more flexible than CoreOS. I'll be looking into it for container hosting for sure... Nice. Now all I need is for someone to turn https://github.com/jcla1/gisp into a slightly more complete LISP and I'll have a nice environment for all kinds of ARM systems. Edit: typo/autocorrect Nope, just something I've been keeping track of. Needs macro support, for starters, and this fork ( https://github.com/masukomi/gisp ) is adding tests. Guest mode is poorly designed. What Chromecast _really_ needs is minimal access control to stop people from taking over each other's devices. Using ultrasound (that, by the way, I can hear, and I'm over 40) for pairing is the kind of "neat" feature that is simply isn't necessary. I've been using a similar thing I call Struct for ages, as part of my utils package: https://github.com/rcarmo/python-utils/blob/master/core.py Can't really see this as newsworthy, sorry. Edited to add: didn't mean to sound mean (if you'll pardon the pun), just factual. There are ActiveState recipes out there for this sort of thing since the beginning of time... Also, check my other comments for thoughts on syntax and immutability. That (use as a config object) is exactly why I did my Struct thing. But if I were to do it again, I'd certainly make it immutable (although that would complicate the implementation somewhat) Didn't mean to come across as mean, merely factual. There are plenty of similar implementations around, in fact, and this is the kind of thing I've also seen as part of ActiveState recipes. I agree with this. Even though I've used my Struct thing for a long while now _and_ subclassing dict directly in my case, I've been bitten by similar issues. The syntactic sugar is very nice and saves up on oodles of brackets and quotes for nested objects, but if you try to mutate this sort of object you'll eventually run into trouble. I had a friend in college who once coded an entire lotto program ("graphics" and all) into 380-odd bytes. Utterly insane. Anyone know of anything comparable for SSDs? I honestly don't get why they got that much flak over a few bill items. Would it have been any better for them to hide how much they paid for various parts of their show? (So what if they paid X for lights? If they wanted _those_ lights... etc.) Some background on the Orleans computing model: https://orleans.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=Getting%20Starte... Feels like a distributed Actor system. Anyone worked with it? There's a fair amount of info about it in this forum thread: http://www.nextcomputers.org/forums/viewtopic.php?t=2642&pos... ...and on this wiki (inc. screenshots): http://com-emu.meximas.com/doku.php?id=previous Source is here: http://sourceforge.net/p/previous/code/HEAD/tree/ Tried to build it on an ARM machine, but ran up against a few missing dependencies - trying to get those installed... It's great for kids, too (might need some filtering, though). That is an _amazing_ story. I used WindowMaker for years because of those very menus. Of course, these days it looks a bit dated... And Étoilé seems to have died off, too.. I used a Cube for a year or so when I was in college. Ironically, we were working on instrumenting NFS, which we couldn't do directly, so it was mostly a thin client (and an excellent mail/editing station). I don't think anything came close, though, and still miss it even though I use Macs these days. Oh, and for those of you wanting a relatively recent Linux that looks and feels like the NeXT, I just found out http://wmlive.sourceforge.net/ was updated this September! Also Teleport for Mac: http://www.abyssoft.com/software/teleport/ (requires a little tweaking to work with Yosemite) The power socket is on the side, and the HDMI connector is now a micro. There will be some adjustment required... This should run most of the existing Ubuntu and Android images without any hassle. Having owned an ODROID-U2 for a long while now, I can tell you that these things run Ubuntu 14.04 like a dream (except for the lack of OpenGL - you only get ES) and Android works great: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2013/02/10/1230 (Mine is now running Ubuntu only, and the only gripe I have is that the kernel currently lacks enough group support to run Docker - that's only a recompile away, but I like my uptime...) I'm thinking of upgrading my Pi cluster ( http://github.com/rcarmo/raspi-cluster ) to a set of these boards. Mostly waiting for some benchmarks to come in and the holiday season to go away... You should check the ODROID forum for newer graphics drivers. The bleeding edge versions are released every now and then as separate binaries/images. Very neat, and it led me (again) to pyrsistent ( https://github.com/tobgu/pyrsistent ), which does persistent data structures and which I've been pondering using with Hy ( https://github.com/hylang/hy ). (edit: damn autocorrect!) We all want a better computing model for Christmas, I guess. They can pry my stack of paper magazines from my cold, dead hands. Seriously now, I read Abrash's stuff on Dr Dobb's, and it was that magazine (above all others) that instilled in me the idea that coding was above and beyond the drudgery we waded through in college - that it was an art form that emerged from systematic thought process and a deep understanding of how bend technology to your will. I just hope they don't dilute the brand -- I can see someone having the bright idea of setting up a Programming 101 kind of site under that name a couple of years down the road, and really hope someone, somewhere, somewhen, will pick up the torch and make sure it stays associated with "true masters" (if there is such a thing). Apologies, I've definitely spent too long in big corporates :( (like many folk, I sometimes feel Scott Adams is drawing Dilbert while watching a live feed from our office) Also, mailing list announcement: https://mail.gnome.org/archives/networkmanager-list/2014-Dec... I'm very curious about this. My father put together a Heathkit (analog, of course) oscilloscope kit when I was a kid. It took me years to realize the amount of dedication involved in not just assembling the thing (which I helped do) but also importing it to Portugal from the US. (I'm 95% certain it was this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoAmzsz_bJY - the knobs on ours were slightly different, though.) I don't think they'll be doing oscilloscopes again, but I remember they had a kit catalogue I loved to pore over. Oh man. I saw that on the catalogue when I was a kid. I love that font. The VT220 was one of the first terminals I used for an extended period of time, and I've been using the font on one of my machines for over a year now for that extra nostalgic feeling... I wish leiningen wouldn't take so long to run. The only real trouble with Clojure is how unbearably _slow_ the tools are. I can deal with the runtime taking its time to get going (mostly), but the tooling... If by that you mean "languages that target the dis VM", yes. There was a Scheme interpreter written in Limbo, but that's about it. I think that's the biggest hurdle regarding Inferno - I'd like to see other languages running atop dis. Distributed as in network-transparent. Inferno inherited Plan9's ability to deal with resources independently of location. Beware, it is quite slow and limited. This blog post provides some background: http://technicae.cogitat.io/2014/12/improved-python-support-... Not just that. Disco also provides a distributed storage service for locality of reference when doing Map-Reduce. This, in turn, might be something you'd use to build a tailored distributed system where you'd call out to Python (and its ecosystem, like Pandas, etc.) to do your own data processing. My personal interest in it is that it uses LISP Flavored Erlang (lfe.io) and might therefore be nice to use with Hy (hylang.org) Ditto. I find the animations on this one make it slow on mobile. Haven't tried it on my iPad yet (which is where I use cheeaun's on a daily basis), but I think the visuals might detract from the reading somewhat. Have a go at Hy (hylang.org). You can have your cake and eat it too. :) Other than that, I'm fiddling with LISP Flavored Erlang (lfe.io), but I've had previous Erlang exposure. Well, I'd like to see more support of MicroPython on AVR, for starters - it already covers a bunch of platforms, but more hands seem welcome :) If that's not your cup of tea, I'd say what I don't want is another IDE that forces me to have a JVM installed (I already do for Clojure, but sort of resent it) and ARM support (as a development platform, since I use an ODROID development board as a "desktop"). This is a highly unscientific sampling, but most deep-tech blogs I follow seem to be on gh-pages these days. Medium, less so - I get mostly essays from those. Jekyll gives you a lot of bang for the buck (including making static assets relatively easy to deploy) and Github provides syntax highlighting in their hosted service. The drawbacks (as far as I'm concerned) are that Jekyll is overly temperamental, and that even "modern" site generators like Hugo ( http://gohugo.io ) require switching off too many defaults or tweaking many knobs. Besides, even if you _now_ feel ease of editing is less important, a couple of years down the line it will be paramount. I've long felt the need for something "better" myself, and run my site off a Dropbox-synced folder using a custom engine (which I'm currently re-writing - see demo site at http://sushy.no-bolso.com ). But I'm OK with reinventing my bit of the wheel (it's been nearly 13 years now, so I know what I want from a CMS). No, not the author. I don't know GitMongo, but this works with the iOS 8 file picker and lets me use the repos in it from Textastic, which is great for my purposes. Actually, Clive seems to be dead. There's been no activity on the Google Group since May 2014. People keep linking to the techempower benchmarks, but last I checked they did _not_ do Python web deployment quite right (i.e., no gevent, no gunicorn, no uWSGI). Things might have changed in the meantime (on mobile, so hard to check), but despite their benchmarks being open, I don't think there are many contributions from folk who do production deployments... Hmmm. I get nice templating and very straightforward routing with Bottle. Why shouldn't I use that, especially since I can review the whole codebase in half an hour? Flask has always struck me as requiring too many plugins. With bottle, I just drop one file into my work dir and I'm off. Toss in Peewee as well (another single file) and I get a decent ORM. That combination is more flexible and productive for me than Flask. (also, I already have a nice template for bigger projects: https://github.com/rcarmo/ink-bottle ) I should, but then again I have no vested interest in showing off a framework or benchmarking stuff I'm not going to run myself. There is only so much free time... Hmmm. I might be missing something here, but I routinely clean out cookies in "public"/unauthed URLs in Varnish, as well as hashing the cache based on _part_ of a specific cookie (the bit that defines, say, the site's theme, or a generic user role). They do mention that they didn't investigate how to do this in Varnish, but I recall having picked up the basic technique from one of the author's posts. Probably because Go indentation and spacing can be a little annoying at first when you're used to Python (or simply because they followed some kind of generic coding standard). It took me a while to "give up" and find fmt -massaged code natural. Snark aside, I don't see what one has to do with the other. It's perfectly sensible for them to keep pushing pyston to have an alternate solution. I'm still on the public Yosemite beta program. Their current beta update broke the Wi-Fi on identical MacBooks again, so I've held off on upgrading. Imagine that happening at Apple HQ. On the same topic, I heartily recommend iOS folk with external BT keyboards try turning on Airplane mode with the keyboard on and then fiddling with the home button. For me, it sometimes pops up the "secure" (black) on-screen keyboard WITH MY LAST PASSWORD AS A SUGGESTION. I'd love to know if that's common to everyone with the latest iOS public release. If you check out the announcement timings, it was far too soon for Pyston to have an effect. You can't churn out PyPy-grade JITs like they were burgers... I, for one, welcome anything that will get VCs to stop blindly believing "young" equals "better investment", especially when most VCs I come across are only interested in short-term gain. That and state/corporate-sponsored "youth startup" things. I deal with enough of those to have seen oodles of fickle, immature teams who don't know the first thing about working, let alone building product. Previous discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8815778 Sometimes down-toning titles doesn't work out right. We once had an Ericsson MSC that only replied to _uneven_ ICMP packets due to some bug. Made it look like there was 50% packet loss on an otherwise perfectly good Cat 5 cable... (edit: ICMP instead of IP) That's an iPad. :) IIRC, there was nothing on the logs and they eventually shipped a fix. I was there when it happened and was called over to have a look. The HOWTO video is... fascinating. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iZ0WuNvHr8 I, for one, welcome this kind of approach. I'm fed up with laptops that try to be tablets (Windows 8) and tablets that barely tolerate keyboards (iPad). Something that is compatible enough to, say, run Office for Android, a VNC/RDP client (Jump Desktop works great on Android and iOS) and the occasional terminal window would be enough to do a _lot_ of my work. (I'm actually typing this on an iPad mini, with Microsoft's RD Client and Panic's Prompt in the background...) The only thing I'd _really_ like to see in this OS is the ability to split the screen vertically (like Modern does on the Surface). If the build quality matches the looks, I will certainly take a look at one. $349 (quoted on Liliputing) seems pretty decent for a Surface "clone". Less noise, a simpler user experience, and running an OS I can develop for without having to wait an hour for the thing to install updates whenever I try to shut it down by close of business. Wow. This takes me back. I sat in front of an SE/30 for a long while... I'd love to see this for the Raspberry Pi as well (the hardware's a fair bit more popular) I've been using Riot 1.0 for a number of simple things (including a few dashboards) and it's a lot less hassle than most other JS frameworks. This looks like a very nice upgrade, in the sense that the previous templating was a bit ugly. I hope the virtual DOM let me handle SVG as well... That's grand. I can't see an image for it anywhere, though... (edit: found the instructions for it on the SDK) Wow. Just wow. Two years ago we had an internal row about people using Trello and possibly exposing internal data (which we attempted to solve through various means). Having this as a Docker container is _great_ for in-house use (although I haven't checked the internals and am not very enthusiastic about their using Node...) Site says 2013 in some places. No links to source, doesn't seem self-hostable at all. Well well. I'm going to hold off an wait until someone can benchmark this against the ODROID-C1, though, largely because the original Pi design had a few shortcuts and I'd like to avoid any teething issues (been using ODROIDs for a while, got full hardware support in Ubuntu and Android and don't have to put up with Debian 7.x). Nicely played. I'm a bit surprised at the amount of people in this thread equating Windows 10 for RPi with a desktop environment, though -- I'd be _very_ surprised if it had a desktop environment at all, considering that they're targeting it as an embedded system. You _might_ have graphics, but not a DE. Edited to add: based on this video, http://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Build/2014/2-511 , this will probably be considered as a "micro" system without any UI. Jokes aside, I'm curious as to whether this can be overclocked to any extent, like its predecessor. Nice, although I'd rather have a mini Ubuntu 14.04 LTS. Ubuntu on ARMv7 is great, and I'd like a minimal distribution to get started. There's Snappy Core, but to be honest I don't want to run that on a Pi just yet. FYI, you'll still need to compile a specific gevent branch if you want to use it with this. lxml built fine, uWSGI seems OK too (except for the lack of gevent workers in my build). Things seem adequately speedy, haven't investigated the network throughput tweaks yet. Just tried the current pip package and it doesn't build for me on OSX or Ubuntu. I have a local snapshot of the version I used with 2.4.0, but can't remember where I got it from now. Feel free to ask me (almost) anything. I'm going to leave it plugged in and will have SSH access, although I do have to get some sleep for the next few hours :) The alpha image I downloaded lacked apt-get (given it was snappy). Anyone know of a "normal" one? (oh, and https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9000584 - I just got a board) This is very nice. I wonder how hard it would be to turn this into a network renderer (I suppose farming out sections to other machines is challenging with path tracing, but may be wrong). The way it looks, your credentials are posted directly to the Github API. Hard to tell more without clean source to look at. Same here. http://taoofmac.com is run that way. Check out http://github.com/rcarmo/sushy for the next rendering engine... you have to fork it to a repo you control. Well, then... Any good network-transparent channel libraries for Go? :) How future-proof is this? i.e., where do we get updates from? (if there aren't any extra APT repos, is there a source tree/recipe to upgrade to later versions?)