With XorShift as the PRNG, Rust is now almost on par with C and beating the DMD and GDC D implementations. If the syntax were stable, and the standard library and documentation improved, then we'd seriously consider it as an alternative to C++ for parts of our current project. I should have made it clearer; when I said "Lazy evaluation often tricked me up", I meant that I made the stupid mistake of thinking Haskell could somehow magically evaluate the shortest branch first via lazy evaluation. I.e. lazy evaluation tricked led me to make mistakes due to expecting too much from it, not because of any inherent fault in lazy evaluation. Excellent, that was just the kind of thing I was looking for, thank you. It would be great to this documented in the Rust Tutorial section on vectors. My apologies, I was in a hurry; I'll try to put more effort into presentation in future. Are there prominent guidelines for good-looking code in Rust? The most recent Haskell version uses the MWC PRNG rather than Mersenne, reaching 1.05s (53% the speed of C). That's a respectable number, especially for such an expressive language. I imagine if someone could adjust it to use XorShift it would run even faster. Is it possible to use LLVM? That generally compiles faster code for me than GCC, although that may be because my LLVM version is slightly newer. Although it wouldn't really be relevant for the level generation we're doing unless the memory usage was outrageous, I'm open to including memory usage in the table for comprehensiveness's sake. What would you say is the best way to measure ram usage on Linux; is there something as simple as 'time ./ThisExecutable' is for measuring time? Take the code here: https://github.com/logicchains/levgen-benchmarks/blob/master... and run it. Then, take the same code, change the genRooms function to contain: where noFit = genRooms (n-1) (restInts) rsDone tr = Room {rPos=(x,y), rw= w, rh= h} x = rem (U.unsafeHead randInts) levDim y = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 1) levDim restInts = U.unsafeDrop 4 randInts w = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 2) maxWid + minWid h = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 3) maxWid + minWid And change: let rands = U.unfoldrN 10000000 (Just . next) gen to: let rands = U.unfoldrN 20000000 (Just . next) gen The running time should double. Does it? Or does it increase by orders of magnitude? The latter is what happens to me. Thanks, I've included max resident memory statistics on the benchmark. The benchmark now includes maximum resident memory usage. Go does indeed perform quite well (at least with 6g), using around 30MiB, compared to around 25/26MiB for the non-garbage-collected languages. Scala is memory-heavy, as expected, and Rust seems to use a surprising amount of memory for some reason. I'd like to test it with the new Rust-coded runtime, especially if it's faster, but I won't have time to build it for a couple of days. I actually avoided building it earlier because I thought the new scheduler was slower and needed time to mature (I think I read that it doesn't yet swap tasks between threads, or something along those lines?), but I must have misread. True. I didn't actually realise the Nimrod implementation was garbage collected, I just assumed for some reason it managed memory in a hidden manual way like the C++ implementation. Note that garbage collection may not actually occur in this benchmark; for the single threaded benchmark at least, the Go runtime didn't make a single call to the GC, so D and Nimrod might be similar. It's done differently in Go because someone else wrote it, and I found it to be faster than the version I wrote using a worker pool of 4 tasks. If you look closely you'll see it doesn't actually ever run more than 4 goroutines simultaneously. Thanks, that makes it faster than Scala. No worries. A commenter here submitted a faster version, so it uses that now instead anyway. GCC outputs a jmp in the assembly for GenRands rather than a cmov. This involves branching, leading to branch misses, which waste time. I was using LLVM 3.2 because Rust and LLVM-D use that, so I thought it was fair. GCC 4.7 followed from this because I assumed it was of the same generation as LLVM 3.2, and that 4.8.1 was newer so less fair to compare to LLVM 3.2. Maybe a compiler bug? I'll post a question on Stack Overflow then when I have time. You're right that it probably makes for a better benchmark, and I tried to use recent versions for the other languages, I just didn't bother for C and C++ as I assumed they'd already be the fastest in class so there was no need to test on the latest compilers. Thanks! And sure, I'll put the compiler versions up sometime next week, along with the compile times. I tested it with the new runtime, but it only ran at around 87% of the speed of the original. I also needed to add a task::deschedule() call to make the scheduler behave. That simply isn't the case any more. The GCC and the LLVM can, for the majority of cases, write far faster assembly than the average assembly programmer. Naive C or C++ is faster than naive Go, but naive assembly is probable slower than even naive Go (the Go compiler produces optimised assembly, just not as well optimised as the assembly produced by C compilers). I would be interested to hear why they're "biased against using placebos because [they] consider it unethical". There is rigorous scientific support for the effectiveness of placebos in some situations, so by not supporting their uses they're effectively cutting patients off from a cheap, easy to produce treatment. Sure, lying isn't particularly ethical, but neither is denying a patient a valid treatment, so I wonder how they decided between the two. Statistically speaking, people have reasons to distrust the competence of doctors. From the article here http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142412788732342380457902... , for instance: "Both studies also found that about 25% of the time antibiotics were being prescribed for conditions in which they have no use, such as viral infections." Anybody who's studied even high school level microbiology (or spent a minute on the Wikipedia article on antibiotics) knows that antibiotics only work on bacteria, not viruses. I imagine it's hard for people to trust doctors when they make basic mistakes like that. Even the CDC ( http://www.cdc.gov/drugresistance/threat-report-2013/pdf/ar-... ) has stated that: "Up to half of antibiotic use in humans and much of antibiotic use in animals is unnecessary and inappropriate and makes everyone less safe". So if doctors can't even be trusted to not prescribe antibiotics as treatment for viral infections, why would people trust them regarding other more complex matters? Thanks for pointing that out, I'll pay attention to their next post. I skimmed over the content you linked, and it did suggest that placebo "can influence patient-reported outcomes, especially pain and nausea". It reminded me of this article: http://www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/2010/01/28/the-depress... , which seemed to suggest a legitimate use case for placebo treatment. A cynic might say "follow the money". There's an awful lot of money behind the push for GMO, and a powerful company with a reputation for doing unethical things (Monsanto). Many people are quite emotionally (and/or politically) invested in the concept of global warming. I'm not saying I disagree that GMOs are harmless or that global warming is occurring, only that often when people speak with such vitriol they're doing it in the name of money or emotion, not science. Well then maybe if there was some kind of register of the doctors that did in fact practice science based medicine, public trust would be improved, although I imagine there's probably some legal or political obstacle standing in the way of that. Well if they're all aware of that yet some still prescribe antibiotics for viral infections due to pressure from patients, isn't that an ethical issue? If for some reason bloodletting came into fashion again among the populace, would doctors be acting ethically if they caved into patients' demands to give them that therapy? Doctors won't prescribe useless treatments like homeopathics to patients, so why can't they say no to patients asking for antibiotics when antibiotics would be ineffective? Well if patients are the problem then the whole thing's a moot point; patients are just getting what they deserve for refusing not only to trust doctors but also to do even a tiny bit of research for themselves. The problem is that such things can harm the whole population, even those who make sensible health decisions, due to how antibiotics overuse encourages the development of antibiotics-resistant superbugs. If doctors can't stop this, then who can? You wouldn't think such a major search company would allow one to watch movies or listen to copyright music free of charge just by clicking the 'movies' or 'mp3' search tags, but Baidu does (at least to residents here; I'm not sure if the same is possible for people outside of China). Maybe because it's hard to imagine an organisation being outside of the reach of the MPAA? It's interesting to see the statement that a problem like this can 'probably only be solved by governments' when governments so far have completely failed to solve it, and the proposed non-government solutions (such as removing the limitations on the liability of polluters, and allowing those whose health or livelihood has been injured by pollution to sue, potentially by class action) have never even been attempted. "Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and inspecting a different result." After a few large polluters went bankrupt after multi-billion dollar payouts to fishermen, beachgoers and such, I imagine industry as a whole would be more wary about pollution. Without limited liability - limited by government, I should add - BP would almost certainly be bankrupt by now. As would whichever company owned the nuclear plant that leaked in Japan. If you have X amount of money and Y goods/service, the ratio of money per unit of good/service is X/Y. Economic growth increases the amount of goods/services provided; tractors dig more holes than shovels, and so on. This means Y increases, and thus X/Y must decrease: the cost per unit of good/service decreases. The project was completed using fewer than 45 lines of it, as suggested in the title. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MathematiciansAns... http://www.buzzfeed.com/ludwigwittgenstein/fantastic-ways-to... I lived in China for a couple of years, and it was generally accepted among the technologically savvy people I knew that most large web/software companies (Baidu, Tencent, Sina) spied on their users for the Chinese government. "To fight this recession the Fed needs more than a snapback; it needs soaring household spending to offset moribund business investment. And to do that, as Paul McCulley of Pimco put it, Alan Greenspan needs to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble." - Paul Krugman, 2002 He doesn't always give the best advice... I'm not trying to defend the guy if he actually meant what people here seem to think he meant, but it's possible he was referring to how society ('we') doesn't care about minorities, rather than saying that he himself doesn't care about minorities. The minimum wage is ultimately always zero; employers can simply choose to not hire you if they think your productivity is not enough to justify paying you the minimum. As an Australian who spent a couple of years in Asia (where minimum wages are much lower than Australia's $16/hour), one of the most stinking things I noticed was how much easier it was to find work there. I have 'unskilled' Australian friends who have spent months looking for work, without luck, whereas in Singapore for instance it seemed rare for somebody to take more than a week or two to find work. While the quality of the work may be lower than that of minimum-wage work in Australia, it at least provides unskilled individuals with an opportunity to develop the experience, skills and confidence necessary to move onto better jobs, while their Australian counterparts are still sitting around at home feeling dejected at being unable to find work. The American people. Isn't this kind of thing the reason why your constitution gives you guys guns? If a tyrant took over, if all else failed you could always just shoot them. "Children aged 5, 6, and 7 remembered 60% or more of the early-life events. In contrast, children aged 8 and 9 years remembered fewer than 40% of the early-life events". It is wrong to disbelieve him without knowing the standard deviation of the results. 40% is an average! For all we know (I can't check, as I don't have access to the original paper), there could have been two kids who had 90% recall and eight kids who had less than 40% recall. Knowing the standard deviation (and the nature of the distribution of results, whether it's a bell curve or whatever), would allow us to determine the probability of somebody having 90% recall post-childhood amnesia. Even if that probability was only 1/100, considering more than 100 people frequent this site it's expected that a few of them would have said 90% recall. More scientifically: happy faces are more attractive. http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/02699931.2013.817... Note the study I reference only used faces, and used the same facial images, digitally altering them to alter the facial expressions. As opposed to Happy Guys Finish Last, which used different photos and included the upper body in the shots. At least this is the internet; if the creators remained anonymous, it shouldn't be too hard for them to continue providing the service in spite of the administration's wishes to the contrary. Especially with for instance something like Tor, assuming that's still functional. And Himler was taught that killing millions of minorities was a good and honest action, yet the judge still found him guilty at Nuremberg. It's generally accepted that "I was just following orders" is not an acceptable reason for perpetuating atrocities. The reasoning you describe is not the only reason people oppose market regulation. Personally, I find the idea disgusting that somebody could be imprisoned (and killed if they resist) simply for selling something to somebody else, something that the other person was happy to buy. The idea that violence is perfectly justified just because somebody provided a shitty phone experience almost physically sickens me. How about 'Root Null'? With a name like that, their systems would tremble. Marriage is marriage, no matter how good one's job is. TempleOS would beg to differ. Because it's much easier to move if your government sucks? It's hardly productive to call crazy one of the very few senators who has consistently and without compromise opposed the kind of things the fightback in question was referring to. It's no wonder America's in the state it is, when someone is called crazy for opposing war, but the presidents who readily kill children and innocents by proxy (drones) are seen as perfectly sane. Translation: everyone who wasn't an auto worker would be slightly poorer. American auto unions fundamentally undermined any incentive auto manufacturers had to innovate. If a man with dynamite digs more holes than one with a shovel, is that man's increased productivity the result of his own effort? No. Auto unions claim pay raises proportional to increases in output per worker (productivity), regardless of the sources of these increases. This means manufacturers have no incentive to invest in better facilities or to innovate, as any profit from this innovation would be eaten up as wages. >I think the theory is that if all workers were unionized, they would be able to negotiate for a larger share of the profits that are currently taken by the owners of capital. How would them negotiating for a larger share of the profits be a good thing when they were already taking enough of a share of the profits to drive auto companies into bankruptcy? >You are assuming a world where the union has absolute power; The role of a union in a market system is to negotiate with the owners of capitol. If you have laws where only union members are allowed to work in auto factories, or that non-union members aren't allowed to work there, then the unions do have absolute power within those industries. >It's important to at least understand what your opponent is trying to say. I understand what they're trying to say. I'm just responding that paying auto workers more would not result in a net benefit to the middle class. If as the parent's scenario implies there is nowhere else for manufacturers to find labor (which implies no outsourcing), then for every increase in automobile prices that's brought about by increases in auto workers' wages, that means less resources available for car buyers to spend on other things. Unions in the American style cannot make the pie bigger, they can only divide it differently. More pie to unionised workers hence means less pie for everyone else (including the other workers who now can't find work as auto makers can afford fewer employees as they have to pay them more). I believe it's what used to be called 'craftsmanship'. Taking pride in creating things that are efficient and not wasteful for no other reason than the desire to make the best product possible. The point I was trying to make is that if you spend your time to make something that works really efficiently, and you take pride in it, then you haven't wasted your time. It doesn't benefit nobody, it benefits yourself, because you can take pride in your work. At least, I believe this idea is part of what's implied in the traditional notion of 'craftsmanship'. An example might be working nine hours per day rather than eight to produce something that only uses 10% of the resources (and that extra hour is unpaid). For some people, that extra hour would be a waste, but for others, it would bring them greater satisfaction knowing they'd delivered a more efficient product, even if it brought them no extra revenue. >Similarly, if your software runs in 1% of CPU on a typical customer's machine, spending 10x the time and resources to make it run in 0.1% is not laudable. No, but spending 1.2x the time and resources might be. That's not an unreasonable proposition; something written in Go, C# or Scala can run 10 to 100 times faster than the equivalent code in Ruby, but it certainly doesn't take 10 to 100 times longer to write the code. It also conserves resources; you're reducing the amount of the world's non-renewable energy that your app consumes by up to 90%. You're also freeing up your users' machines to do more things simultaneously while running your program, potentially increasing the user's enjoyment of the system in the case of a desktop app. > Except the difference at the margin is never just an extra hour of a day. It's almost ways weeks instead of days or years instead of month. Maybe we're thinking of different things here. What I had in mind was more along the lines of for instance choosing Go or Scala instead of Rails or *.js and getting a 10x speedup at the cost of simply adding a few type declarations. There are situations like yours where deadlines leave little choice, but there are also situations where a bit more leeway is available. Generally electricity use is roughly proportional to CPU and RAM usage, as they're powered by electricity. If you have two otherwise identical programs, one of which uses 50% of the cpu and the other of which use 10%, chances are the latter will use less electricity. Maybe German manufacturing would be a better example? You're right I suppose. I think as someone who's not a webdev I just have trouble imagining the productivity benefits of something like Rails or Node.js. I assumed that nowadays there'd be frameworks in statically typed languages with type inferences that were almost as productive as Node and Rails, and hence could provide both fast development speed and efficient executables. You could always take the job and then build a tiny vulnerability into the exhaust ports. It'd be incredibly difficult for anybody to take advantage of such a vulnerability, so you'd probably get away with it. The proportion of sociopaths is usually estimated to be at least around 1%, so that's almost 70 million potential guilt-free killers out there, 3 million of them American. As someone who's written a bit of Common Lisp, I can say that the macros are a pretty awesome feature to use. Common Lisp has the advantage over Clojure and Scheme that the SBCL compiler is incredibly fast; it can come close to C#/F# on Mono for some tasks, in spite of Lisp being a dynamic language. It also compiles code and expands macros much faster. It's got more power than the other lisps, but it's also less elegant, so make of that what you will. Mother Teresa told Africans condoms were evil. Gandhi was a racist. "We were then marched off to a prison intended for Kaffirs. We could understand not being classed with whites, but to be placed on the same level as the Natives seemed too much to put up with. Kaffirs are as a rule uncivilized -- the convicts even more so. They are troublesome, very dirty and live like animals." - Ghandi 1. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/irene-monroe/the-gandhi-none-o... Thanks! I'm rerunning it and updating the tables progressively every few hours as optimisations are suggested. Feel free to make a pull request. Ideally within a day or so the implementations will have all been optimised enough to make for fairer comparison. I understand that a Pandas table would be a better idea, but the purpose of this benchmark is comparing the speed of the raw languages. It mentions that later in the post. The implementations in the final two tables use bignums for fairness and to avoid overflow. Great, I'll include that in the next run of the benchmark. Is it Python 3 or 2? (Does it work with Pypy) Also, if you're comparing it to C you should compare it to C3.c, from the final tables, which uses bignums like Python does automatically. *Edit: I tried your faster_py.py, but it didn't seem any faster than Pypy2.py in the repo (running both with Pypy). I haven't yet got the Pandas version to work due to library compatibility issues (I've got about five versions of Python installed; still working on it). Interesting, thanks. It might be faster than FS.fs but not FS2.fs, as I think: tradesArray.[i] TradeId = idx; ClientId = idx; ... } would lead to the creation of a new object every time whereas: trades.[i].TradeId doesn't. Ah, right. I've included your version (converted to Python 3) as Python3_fst; it's around twice as fast as regular CPython 3.3. No problem. The style of implementations 1 of F# and C# is meant to mimic the style of Java1, the implementation from the original post that inspired the benchmark. F#2 and C#2 use a faster form of allocation. JavaUnsafe uses an implementation more directly comparable to C, but it's actually slower than the Java2 implementation. Interesting. I suspect for this particular program it'd have to be in low latency mode for the entire run. It doesn't seem to make too much of a different to the C#2 implementation however (the one using sensible allocation), so I suspect that one isn't generating too much garbage. It ran at about the same speed as my FS.fs, so I've updated FS.fs in the repo to use your code. Interestingly, I had to change "let main() =" to "let main =" to make it run. There are words in other languages, French for instance, that with an accent changed or removed have completely different meaning. Name one historical instance of bank runs leading to riots. Presumably under the assumption that an exchange such as Mt Gox would be able to keep the coins safer than they themselves could, which now doesn't seem like a particularly sound assumption to make. So instead of the the people who knowingly took a risk in investing in a risky prospect suffering, taxpayers who took no such risks have to foot the bill instead? Great. That wasn't the bank run causing riots. That was the government policy which froze deposits, to avert a bank run, that caused riots. The riot was because the government froze deposits so people weren't allowed to withdraw money from the banks. My original (implied) point was that bank runs themselves don't necessarily cause the chaos they're made out to, so if anything this supports my case: if the government had allowed the bank to collapse, there may not have been riots. I wonder if it would be possible to write an AI to manage a Bitcoin exchange; cut out the human element and the potential for mistakes/scamming completely? Before the exchange is launched, publish the AI's source and have it undergo an extensive public audit. To quote the Wikipedia[1] article on the riots: "The uprising was a predominantly middle-class uprising against the government of President Fernando de la Rúa, who had failed to contain the economic crisis that was going through its third year of recession". "The unrest started when Economy Minister Domingo Cavallo introduced restrictions to the withdrawal of cash from bank deposits, intending to stop the draining of deposits that had been taking place throughout 2001 and had reached the point where 25% of all the money in the banks had been withdrawn." People had were previously gradually withdrawing money over time.; no 'bank run' had occurred. The Corralito occurred, which among other political factors lead sections of the populace to riot. Read the article. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/December_2001_riots_%28Argentin... No, they weren't. To quote the Wikipedia[1] article on the riots: "The uprising was a predominantly middle-class uprising against the government of President Fernando de la Rúa, who had failed to contain the economic crisis that was going through its third year of recession". 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/December_2001_riots_%28Argentin... The Cyprus riots were not due to a bank run; they were due to the government's decisions to prevent citizens from withdrawing their money. From the article you linked: "Riots are now being reported in Cyprus as citizens are furious at the Troika’s decision to rob the citizens to pay for the bad debts of banks." I'll give you the others, however. The fact that two are from over a century and a half ago however seems to support my implication that bank runs don't necessarily lead to riots (and more specifically, that not bailing out banks won't necessarily lead to riots). Seems like a great opportunity for Bitcoin, if Bitcoin can overcome the many other hurdles it faces: anonymous crowdfunding, capable of circumventing ridiculous laws like this. >Former US presidential candidate Senator John McCain said he was "disappointed" by the UK's position and said European countries were "ignoring the lessons of history". I'm not normally one to agree with McCain, but he does have a (sad) point here. As opposed as I may be to fighting costly wars in far away places, it's disheartening to recall what happened when this attitude of non-intervention was applied to Hitler's invasion of Czechoslovakia. -WetPsyyyyyyy Just for reference, the parent is a reference to a lyric from Psy's (the Korean artist responsible for Gangnam Style) song 'Gentleman', wherein he parodies the expression 'Westsiiiiiide' (not that this necessarily makes it any funnier). It can be explained by the concept of radiation hormesis. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radiation_hormesis How much of the funding of Intel/Amd/ARM, who probably built the cpu you're using to access this side, came from the government? How much of the funding of this site itself, and of other sites you may use on a daily basis such as Google and Facebook, came from the government? How much of the funding for the GPU that's rendering this site came from the government? How are you not benefiting from all these things? Long term profit has no space in models of a _perfectly competitive_ market, a theoretical concept used in the exploration of various economic ideas. The "free"ness of a market doesn't necessarily imply anything about the potential for profit within that market. Unfortunately, the poor in America are more affected by 'lifestyle diseases' (smoking and obesity related illnesses, for instance), which may be more difficult to cure as they need to be addressed from a social angle, not just a medical one. No, I'm not familiar with the history of Google and Facebook, hence why I was asking for data regarding what proportion of their business was funded by government money. As in, a percentage. Well according to some graphs I found on Google, malaria mortality rates have reduced significantly in the past few decades [1], as have AIDS death rates [2]. Diabetes rates and mortality have however been continuously increasing. 1. http://www.umich.edu/~csfound/545/1995/land05.jpg 2. http://www.drugabuse.gov/sites/default/files/images/colorbox... How might it be attacked, from a medicinal perspective? It really surprises me that somebody can get away with such destructive behaviour as reverting someone else's commits without reasonable cause. What justification is there for not firing on the spot anybody who puts their own personal vendettas over the good of the project? What did senior management think of this? I can't imagine them taking kindly to the architect delaying shipping for weeks over such a trivial thing. Hmm. I suppose that's a disadvantage of having a less formal code-review process, compared to one in which the reverter would have to specify a reason for each reversion, making it easier to detect spurious reversions. I wonder if they financial benefit they gained from keeping him around was greater than the financial loss due to continuously losing good devs... If Horvath's characterisations of the founder's wife are correct, then she seems somewhat similar in temperament to Lady McBeth. It's easy to see why his work is considered timeless. Does Horvath's characterisation of the founder's wife remind anyone else of Lady MacBeth? The situation seems suitably dramatic for it. Note that there was a 'terrorist attack' in China a week or two earlier, in which five Uighur separatists with knives killed 30 random people and wounded hundreds in a crowded train station, before being shot by police. This shows that there are definitely 'terrorists' (not using the scare quotes because I necessarily disagree that they're terrorists, only because I honestly don't know what they are) who are interested in killing large numbers of Chinese people in the name of their cause. Uighur separatists? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_Kunming_attack As someone who likes C and Go for their lack of support for exceptions, the thought that someone might actually want to implement exceptions in C is mind-blowing. I think it's fair to say at this point that if somebody placed all their life savings in Mt Gox, they themselves probably deserve at least some of the blame for their loss. Truth is sometimes funnier than fiction. "A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read." - Mark Twain Note that the original Roller Coaster Tycoon was written almost entirely in x86 assembly, and by a single person. The TOR website is blocked in mainland China, as is TOR itself, but it works via obfsproxy, all it requires is someone to send you the executable/source. Most people who bypass the great firewall use VPNs, however. >What's objectionable is when an outside empire comes in and says "You guys are all one country now." Didn't the Roman Empire do something like this to Europe? To be fair, it probably wouldn't be too hard to write a parser/translator to turn into into a more readable language. Unlike something like Perl of C++, where you'd pretty much have to be superhuman to write a parser single-handedly. As a market anarchist, I think it's important to point out that the concept of 'reputation' plays a significant role in many justifications of how a market may function without regulation or any other form of state oversight. Making a market completely anonymous significantly limits the role reputation can play, which leads me to wonder whether some of the standard arguments for the effectiveness of markets don't apply in this case. But if the identity is not connected to a real world identity, there is no legal recourse if that identity cheats you. Most who advocate a pure free market still accept the need for a legal system (not necessarily a State-based one), such that for instance people who take your money without delivering the good may be sued. An anonymous market means that there's no legal recourse if someone cheats you or steals from you. Interesting. Would this prevent something like some of the Silk Road clones happening, wherein somebody spends months to years acquiring trust, and then makes off with the money for all incoming transactions, which is by then worth more than what they've spent on building the reputation? Anyone who successfully used brainfuck in production would be an ubergenius in my book. I wonder how viable doing this openly would be as a free-to-play business model? Being upfront with the user: "we're not going to show you any ads and you won't have to pay anything for extra content, but we'll be using a tiny proportion of your CPU time to mine cryptocurrency to pay for the development costs of this app." I've seen some statistics (not sure about their validity) stating that around 10% of the population are gay/bisexual, so if this were the case then having 7% more males than females wouldn't necessarily be a problem. That's true. Well at least the imbalance is only in a single age group, not for instance like in China where selective abortions have lead to a nationwide gender gap[1]. http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/regions/asia-pacific... I lived in China for a couple of years and found the same, but I don't think our experiences would be representative of those of the average mainland Chinese male. Steam, or something like it? If the many worlds interpretation of waveform collapse is correct, it's possible that there's actually a universe somewhere in which the entire arctic is covered in such snowmen. Yep. Some people might consider the design of Javascript to be idiotic, but nobody was calling for him to resign over that. As a QQ user I'd like to note that it seems quite superior feature-wise to MSN messenger, Gtalk, Facebook messenger and Skype IM. You can for instance paste multiple images straight into the input box and send them just like text, and it also has an extremely quick and easy to use screen capture feature. Not to mention a reliable, indexed message history, offline file transfers (you send it when the other person is offline, and when they sign in they'll be able to receive the file), and accurate notification whenever a message you send fails to be delivered. Note however that I'm referring to the International Version; the mainland Chinese version is less appealing, full of advertisements, and hides some features behind paywalls. You can share screen via remote access, and optionally give the other person shared control over your mouse, but I suppose that's not quite the same. This is probably a stupid question, but I wonder if the author could have used slices instead of maps with integer keys. It would have used more memory, but it would probably also have been significantly faster. A significant proportion of the performance issues I see raised on the Go mailing list seem to involve maps. The invisible hand isn't in the business of making moral judgements external to those of the society in which it exists. If people wish to support each other's healthcare, then they're quite capable of doing so without any external assistance. Regarding pollution, it's interesting to note that in America at least it was originally considered a tort (if someone harmed you by polluting, you could sue them). But various judges have, in the name of the 'common good' of industrialisation, eroded this right. Yes, support of the free market is non-scientific in the sense that Mainland China, Russia, Cuba, North Korea and similarly non-'free market' countries are much wealthier than historically pro-market countries like Switzerland, Singapore and Hong Kong. /s Neither did the parent comment, so why am I the one you're calling out on it? If you look at all world's countries in terms of GDP per capita[1] and economic freedom[2], the countries with higher GDPs per capita have higher degrees of economic freedom, and conversely the countries with the lowest degrees of economic freedom have lower GDPs per capita. This is obviously not perfectly scientific, but I don't have the time to describe the whole theory of developmental economics in a HN post. 'Filthy rich' in the sense that a king is rich is different from a nation being rich in an economic sense. The wealth of a country, measured by GDP, is a measure of productivity. A king has the ability to purchase many things, but he's not rich in the sense of economic productivity, in fact his economic productivity may well be zero. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_%28PPP... 2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_economic_f... It makes the implicit claim that people interacting freely will lead to worse outcomes under some metric then people interacting under the constraint that actions contravening some centrally determined directives result in punishment via violence or the threat thereof. I believe such things are covered under international law, although I'm not sure how successfully it's enforced. There is however a link between centralisation and distributive outcomes in the sense that the former is necessary to ensure certain forms of the latter. If for instance the democratic companies in your thought experiment were somehow structurally less competitive in the market than companies led by a single CEO (I'm not suggesting this is the case, just using it to illustrate), then in a decentralised system the CEO-led companies would outcompete the democratic ones and naturally come to dominate the market. It would hence not be possible to bring about the distributive outcomes of a market dominated by democratic companies without some centralised force capable of granting the democratic companies some advantage over the CEO-led ones. In short, if a decentralised economy necessarily leads to greater concentration of wealth/power (again, I'm not suggesting it does), then people arguing for a more even distribution of wealth/power must necessarily also argue for a more centralised economy. Qatar and Kuwait are still within the top 20 in the economic freedom list, as is Singapore (at number 2) and Denmark, while Norway and Sweden are still in the top 30. Economic freedom is multi-faceted: while Singapore may be 'socialist' in in the ways you describe, for instance, it also has extremely low personal and corporate taxes, no capital gains tax, and fewer regulations, which contributes to its high economic freedom ranking. The US scores below Bahrain and Chile because there are some ways in which the US market is quite unfree. For instance, bank bailouts of large corporations, massive agriculture subsidies and tariffs, and incredibly onerous regulations in some industries. Even Sweden has a freer market than the US in some ways, for instance via its voucher system: parents are able to choose to which public school they'd like to send their children, rather than having it determined by where they live like in the US. Surely it's not a coincidence that the top 20 countries in terms of GDP per capita are almost all within the list of top 30 countries in terms of economic freedom. That's a good point. I think however that proponents of economic decentralisation would argue that it requires 'less' centralisation of power than economic centralisation (assuming centralisation of power can be quantified). How is this so? Classical liberals argued that the fundamental duty of government was protecting its citizens' lives and property rights from each other and from foreign aggressors. This would largely take place through the courts: if someone attacked you, or stole your property, or rose up and took over your factory, you could sue them, and the State's only role would be enforcing the court's judgement. This thus would lead to a relatively decentralised power structure, with most power lying in the courts via their interpretation of the constitution / 'natural law' (a bit like English common law) and the executive having relatively little influence. From this it follows that arguments for any economic structure other than "an economy the structure of which is purely determined by what occurs when the State only protects property rights" necessarily require more centralisation of power, as the State would be required to do more than just protect property rights. Assuming that by some intrinsic property that "an economy the structure of which is purely determined by what occurs when the State only protects property rights" is likely to be a more decentralised one, then arguing for a centralised one thus entails arguing for greater centralisation of power. Of course, this ultimately depends on the exact form the property rights in question take, but I think it's reasonable to suggest that for any particular set of rights, a State based solely around defending those rights would involve less centralisation of power than one based upon ensuring the existence of a particular economic or social structure. 'Victimless crimes' are an example of this: they wouldn't exist in a purely rights-based legal system as there'd be no parties whose rights were violated by these activities, so such things as the immigration department and the departments required for the war on drugs simply wouldn't exist. While no 'true free market' has existed in real life, it nevertheless exists as a fairly clearly specified theoretical construct against which actual markets can be compared. Those countries in the top 20 economic freedom list all have markets closer in various ways to this theoretical 'true free market' than other countries. They also generally have higher levels of economic development, hence the suggestion of a correlation between market freedom and economic development. As someone who's married and somehow managed to avoid ever having to buy an engagement ring, to any fellow cheapskates I highly recommend the use of some more diplomatic version of the expression "what are you, some kind of prostitute?". If somebody's love is conditional on the amount of money you spend on them then I'd argue that's not the kind of love that leads to a long, satisfying relationship. Why is the symbol '|' used for or in pattern matching, not '||'? If '|' is used for bitwise or elsewhere in the language then this might lead to confusion. I suppose I just assumed that logical or is closer in meaning to the or in pattern matching than bitwise or is. It's interesting that the graphs there exclude a few countries with higher GDP per capita than the US, such as Switzerland, Hong Kong and Singapore. I imagine the numbers for the US would look less favourable if such comparisons were made. As of 1.3 Go has a fully precise garbage collector with a parallel mark phase (not sure about the sweep). I imagine the next step will be a generational collector, however the extensive use of internal pointers may prevent further development into a moving and/or compacting collector. Singapore. In response to the preferences they expressed on Facebook, it's got little bureaucracy, a small government, no wars, minimal regulation, a strong judicial system, a relatively free market (ranked no. 2 in the world for economic freedom). Not such a free place if you want to displace the government or use recreational drugs, however, but business-wise it's pretty open. Sounds like smoking. Some smokers still manage to live healthy lives into their 90s, but the majority don't. I wonder what the exact numbers are for mesothelioma. As far as I'm aware though they haven't persecuted anyone for encryption-related business. What rights/freedoms are there that are important to Telegram but endangered in Singapore (not rhetorical; serious question)? Change "most First World countries" to "most Western countries"; Japan, Korea, Singapore and Taiwan are first world countries (at least in the sense 'first world' means economically developed). In Singapore it's 1 day to 4 weeks, depending on how long they were employed[1]. Taiwan is 10 to 30 days, depending on length of employment[2]. Korea is 30 days[3]. Japan is also 30 days[4]. I'm Australian, and it's also one to four weeks notice here, depending on how long the employee's been employed at the company[5]. 1. http://www.mom.gov.sg/employment-practices/employment-rights... 2. http://www.chinalawandpractice.com/Article/3142351/Issue/850... 3. http://us.practicallaw.com/6-508-2342?q=&qp=&qo=&qe=#a612243 4. http://www.jetro.go.jp/en/invest/setting_up/laws/section4/pa... 5. http://www.mondaq.com/australia/x/183150/Contract+of+Employm... Regulation also created some of the most successful monopolies in our economic history: AT&T, for instance. Because there are laws on the books explicitly preventing anyone else from competing with Comcast. Bitcoins have significant value in that they make certain illegal and semi-legal activities much easier. As long as there remains some way of converting bitcoins into a more widely accepted currency, bitcoins will continue to have value no matter how much their prices drop. Can anyone tell me what would be the problem with just having a law "no law is allowed to be passed preventing any individual or entity from providing broadband service to any other individual or entity"? And how said problem would be worse than the current dismal arrangements? There's a difference between not allowing ISPs access to public lands and outright prohibiting them from offering their services. Obviously if they wanted to run wire through a house they'd have to get the owner's permission, or the local government's permission to dig up a road. The thing is, as the law currently stands they're forbidden from doing so; even if every household in they city signed a contract saying "sure, let company X run cable through our yard", company X still wouldn't be allowed to sell them internet over that cable. Maybe a company could innovate and develop some form of fast wireless mesh network. But even if they had the technology and finances to do so, local laws stating "the only company allowed to sell fast internet here is Comcast" or equivalent prevent them from doing so. If you already know C, it would only take a week or two to learn Go, so it would be quite possible to do both. I bet that'd also significantly reduce your risk of burglary or home invasion. I think the difference is that the problem of antibiotics overuse in US agriculture is amenable to a relatively simple regulatory situation: making a law banning or limiting antibiotics use in livestock. Addressing the issue in China, on the other hand, would require overhaul of the entire medical system, as hospitals are dependent on antibiotics sales for a significant proportion of their revenue. I went with a friend to a hospital in Shanghai once, and the doctor ran a blood test and found that my friend had a viral infection. He then attempted to sell her antibiotics (which anyone who's done even high school biology knows are completely ineffective against viruses, only against bacteria). I called him out on it, and he just scowled at me and muttered 'westerners do things differently'. As Lisp macros are compile time metaprogramming, wouldn't the answer to this depend on whether Template Haskell is considered part of Haskell or just a compiler extension? The whole Japanese 'lost decade' thing is misleading. It's based on absolute gdp numbers, not gdp per capita, which makes a big difference for a country like Japan where the population is steady or declining. If you compare US and Japanese growth per capita it's revealed that Japanese growth hasn't been far behind America's. Was on the phone before, so couldn't include references in the grandparent post and it's now too late to edit. Here's some: http://www.forbes.com/sites/eamonnfingleton/2013/08/11/now-f... "Whereas the U.S. labor force increased by 23 percent between 1991 and 2012, Japan’s labor force increased by a mere 0.6 percent. Thus, adjusted to a per-worker basis, Japan’s output rose respectably. Indeed Japan’s growth was considerably faster than that of Germany, which is the current poster child of economic success." Also: http://snbchf.com/global-macro/gdp-growth-per-capita/ While the lack of social welfare could be considered a problem from a moral perspective, in terms of the national economy it's not a negative. Compare for instance the situation where 50% of elderly Chinese starve after they stop working, and the situation where 50% go on extensive state welfare. In both situations the elderly aren't producing anything, but in the latter they're consuming national resources and in the former they aren't, so from an economic perspective the former would produce better results. Of course this isn't a very humane way of looking at it, but the Chinese leadership don't have a history of particularly humane behaviour. The logic of Buddhist philosophy: emotional attachment to and/or desire of impermanent things has the potential to result in dissatisfaction, as impermanent things are impermanent. It's hardly rocket science. Desire nothing, and you'll never never feel the dissatisfaction of not getting what you want. Be attached to nothing, and you'll never feel the pain of losing something. Some quotes by emperor Marcus Aurelius, of the Stoics, expressing a similar idea: "You have power over your mind - not over outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." "If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment." The illusory nature of the self can also be explained relatively simply to anyone who's familiar with the justification problem[1]. What 'is' the self and what 'is not' the self? That requires a metric for deciding. But that metric in turn requires another metric to determine its validity, and so on ad infinitum. The concept of self is thus arbitrary, and hence logically meaningless. Wittgenstein expresses this idea far better than I do here, in his Tractatus[2]. This equally applies to all phenomena; any attempt to divide anything up into 'things' is ultimately arbitrary, as it relies on ultimately unsubstantiated metrics, and hence is without meaning. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regress_argument 2. http://philosurfical.open.ac.uk/tractatus/tabs.html Just wanted to add that most modern believers in 'natural rights' that I've met, i.e libertarians and market anarchists, don't recognise intellectual property as real property. See for instance http://mises.org/journals/jls/15_2/15_2_1.pdf , a libertarian patent attorney writing on IP law. When I speak of Buddhism I'm referring to the teachings of Buddha, not Buddhism as an organised religion. I lived in East Asia for a couple of years and the Buddhism there seemed pretty much the opposite of what Buddha taught; e.g. people praying to statues of Buddha for wealth. Meditation isn't necessary; you don't need to be a Buddhist to see that, with sufficient analysis/deconstruction, distinctions between the subject and object - or between anything and anything - break down and reveal themselves as arbitrary. Meditation corrects errors in thought by stopping thought. But logical understanding of the fallacious nature of concepts allows such errors to be avoided even when not meditating. It's not always true in practice. See for instance: http://benchmarksgame.alioth.debian.org/u64q/benchmark.php?t... Common List on SBCL is often faster than F# on Mono, eve though Mono is statically typed, as the former runtime has had a lot more work put into optimising it. Or, compare F# on Mono with Clojure on the OpenJDK: http://benchmarksgame.alioth.debian.org/u64q/benchmark.php?t... Clojure again is faster, due to a more optimised runtime. That's a good point. SBCL at least attempts type inference though, so I often find the code is quite fast without annotations. But then I suppose SBCL with type inference is probably closer to a statically typed language in that sense. Hopefully it's not like the CIL (CLR intermediate language), which is competitive with Java in verbosity. E.g. .class public Foo { .method public static int32 Add(int32, int32) cil managed { .maxstack 2 ldarg.0 // load the first argument; ldarg.1 // load the second argument; add // add them; ret // return the result; } } If you ever look at a disassembled CLR executable, expect to see a heap of lines like: valuetype A* modopt([mscorlib]System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallConvThiscall) 'A.{ctor}'(valuetype A* modopt([mscorlib]System.Runtime.CompilerServices.IsConst) modopt([mscorlib]System.Runtime.CompilerServices.IsConst)) LLVM IR is much less verbose than CIL, isn't class-based, and on the whole is much simpler. The CIL's complexity makes it less flexible than something like LLVM IR or JVM bytecode; this is one of the reasons alternative languages have flourish on the JVM, whereas the CLR only has C# and F#, and F# had to rely on the developers' influence at Microsoft to get the runtime to support some of its features. Here's a libertarian argument against government ownership of the airwaves: http://mises.org/journals/jls/20_2/20_2_2.pdf . Essentially the idea is that the frequencies would be treated as private property, with the exact nature of this being worked out in the courts. There's precedent for this from 1926, before the US government officially took up ownership of the airwaves, in Tribune Co. v. Oak Leaves Broadcasting Station. "The Chicago Daily Tribune, calling itself WGN... broadcast entertainment as a means of marketing its publication. WGN filed a complaint in state court against another radio station, Oak Leaves, which had begun broadcasting in an adjacent wavelength. WGN claimed that it was necessary to maintain at least a 50-kilocycle separation between stations located within 100 miles of each other. They accused the Oak Leaves station of injuring their lawfully acquired business property. Chancellor Francis S. Wilson decided the case in the tradition of property rights to common resources. His landmark decision, which established homesteading rights in “the ether,” found precedent in western water rights, among other established property traditions. Wilson concluded the court was "compelled to recognize rights which have been acquired by reason of the outlay and expenditure of money and the investment of time. . . . We are of the further opinion that, under the circumstances in this case, priority of time creates a superiority in right." The Congress responded to Oak Leaves instantly. After years of debate and delay on a radio law, both houses jumped to pass a December 1926 resolution stating that no private rights to ether would be recognized as valid, mandating that broadcasters immediately sign waivers relinquishing all rights, and disclaiming any vested interests." *Edit: This ownership wouldn't necessarily extend to _entire spectrums_ as it does in the case of the government selling spectrum. In Tribune Co. v. Oak Leaves Broadcasting Station, for instance, WGN was granted the right to broadcast on a specific frequency within a certain area, which differs immensely from a company being able to 'buy' a series of frequencies from the government such that no other entity in the country may uses this spectrum. Firstly, it's not 'my point'; I was presenting that argument as an answer to the parent post's question of how else interference could be prevented. Secondly, the ownership of entire cellphone bands isn't the only kind of property right over spectrum that could exist. Ownership of entire cellphone bands would actually be somewhat unlikely. For a court following 'Tribune Co. v. Oak Leaves Broadcasting Station' to consider an entire spectrum across the entire nation as property in court, the transmitting organisation would have to show that it was and had been using that entire spectrum to transmit content across every part of the nation. Such a situation would be unlikely, as the organisation would likely have faced competition for spectrum use before it could expand its own spectrum use over the entire country. There's a difference between making an argument and presenting an argument; I was doing the latter, but an argument as a 'point' generally refers to the former. The 'point' is analogous to the point of a weapon; the most effective part. But that only makes sense in the context of an offense of some sort. (For reference, I do not in fact support that position, I just find it an interesting argument.) If the high frequency bands were 'directly worthless' then people could not have 'squatted' them under the kind of judicial reasoning behind 'Tribune Co. v. Oak Leaves Broadcasting Station', as property was only granted for use. If someone was 'squatting' an airwave, that implies they're not using it for any significant business activities, and hence they couldn't be granted ownership. There is no international regulation binding all countries in terms cellphone frequency standardisation, but that doesn't stop a phone bought in one country from working in others. A 'first come first served' auction (or at least, 'first use first served') is how much of the property in the US originally came into ownership (excluding that acquired by violent conquest). The first person to strike oil owns it. The first person to discover gold owns it. The first person to patent an idea owns it. While this may not necessarily be efficient, in the current social context it's quite accepted, so if it's okay to acquire ownership of such resources this way then the same could apply to spectrum. Depending on how one defines 'intelligence' and 'life', it's quite possible even now to program 'life' that's more intelligent than anything else on the planet, and in some senses even more intelligent than humans. Google's search algorithm, for instance. So the chance of consciously designed life existing out there seem high, if even one alien civilisation has developed sufficiently to be able to create machines capable of thriving and reproducing in space. I said flourished. Are there any non-MS languages on the CLR that have achieved equal popularity to that of Clojure, Scala or Groovy on the JVM? The idea is it would have only come onto the market slowly as companies were able to progressively utilise more and more of the spectrum in various areas. Ownership hence would have been more diversified from the beginning, preventing the development of a continental monopoly capable of buying it all, similar to how no monopoly has been able to buy up all the country's land. Agriculture is the US is incredibly subsidised, and as such things tend to benefit large incumbents the situation could be quite different if no subsidies took place. Ah, I'd always assumed point was meant in the sense of 'pointy'. I've never encountered trouble with cellphones traveling internationally, but I've only traveled in Asia/Oceania so I suppose that's not necessarily representative of the global situation. Having the courts decide ownership may be expensive, but those costs should be weighed against the costs from having only 4 organisations owning pretty much the entire spectrum across the entire country, as is currently the case. If a court-based system resulted in for instance 20 companies now owning various parts of the spectrum and competing vigorously, the benefits of that might make up for any extra legal costs. >in a natural environment, the weak and the disabled are left aside and die quickly This simply isn't true[1]. Humans evolved feelings like compassion because such cooperation and caring was beneficial to our survival. These emotions exist outside of any deliberate human decision making or social planning. Even monkeys have evolved forms of altruistic behaviour[2]. 'Ethics' in the sense of empathy and compassionate behaviour is hence just as much a part of the 'law of nature' as the more violent behaviours associated with it. 1. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2864937/ 2. http://www.motherjones.com/environment/2013/04/6-amazing-way... Seriously, someone should take TempleOS (if it's open source) or else make something similar and market it in some form of really high-speed server, I'm sure there'd be demand. Of course, that's assuming it would be possible to achieve decent security on the software level to ensure safe operation without memory protection. I was just listing what I assumed were the top 3 most popular non-Java languages on the JVM. But perhaps it's already been overtaken by Kotlin or Ceylon. Gbog spoke of the 'state of nature' as something characterised by a lack of altruistic behaviour towards weaker members of the species. Assuming altruistic behaviour can be quantified, that's a claim that could be verified or disproved empirically. Empathy has a biological basis [1]. The span of human civilization has been far too short so far for any significant evolutionary changes to have taken place, so these biological elements must have existed before humans 'civilized'. It makes sense from an evolutionary perspective: a species in which the members help each other more has certain advantages to its survival compared to one completely lacking in cooperation. The time when slavery and contact between races existed is generally not considered the 'state of nature'. In pre-civilised (pre-agricultural) society, populations were so small and transportation technology so limited that it would have been quite rare for people of different races to come in contact. [1]. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Empathy#Neurological_basis I'm not American and not particularly familiar with the economics of the agriculture industry there, so I don't really feel qualified to comment. I'll just point out that government actions often favour such large corporations, preventing for instance the collapse of certain banks and auto manufacturers during the GFC. I do know that farm subsidies in the US are quite extensive. If the government had decided 70 years ago that it owned all the nations farmland, and had auctioned it off to four large corporations, making it law that nobody else could own farmland, would the farmland situation would be better or worse than it is now? I'd argue for worse. This highlights the importance of obfsproxy development for tor. Not only can it allow tor's use in regimes that employ deep packet inspection to prevent tor traffic, it could also prevent throttling of tor traffic, as it would look just like normal traffic. To anyone who suffers regular harassment like this, I recommend purchasing a singing bowl[1]. It's like a cross between a bowl, a bell and a large gong; when they call, place the phone receiver inside the bowl and strike the bowl repeatedly. Do this a couple times and chances are they won't call again. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singing_bowl Part of me dreams that they'd be able to convert the whole Plan 9 OS into Go one day, but that's probably hoping for too much. For me, the point would be having an OS that was really easy to study, extend and modify, due to how easy to read Go is. No more ifdefs, no preprocessor macros, just clean code. An OS that was really easy to study, extend and modify, due to the simplicity of Go. I'm teaching a relatively mathematically-minded friend programming and I've found http://repl.it/languages/Scheme to be an excellent resource. The simple syntax and semantics of Scheme and its easy accessibility allows them to quickly develop an understanding of the fundamentals, and from there it's not much work for them to download DrRacket and start on more practical applications. I think games are a great place to start; simple, humorous text-based adventures, for instance, are both really fun to write and teach a lot of the basics. I'd argue it can also be used as a social technology for testing people's tolerance of values different from their own. If I say I don't want to drink but someone keeps pushing me to anyway, I don't bother pursuing any kind of meaningful friendship with them, as why would I want to be friends with someone who wouldn't respect my values? Slightly off-topic, but is clisp still being developed? The last release seems to be from around 2010. Brings to mind the point that "the minimum wage is always zero". Just a note in regard to the notion of the moral worth of work being the only thing relevant: this is actually one of the central ideas behind the capitalist paradigm (albeit in a different form). It takes the form that, assuming all value/morality is ultimately subjective (all value judgements are equally relevant), and that a person's values are most clearly reflected in their actions, then whatever action a person takes at a given moment is the 'best' action, the action they consider most moral, most valuable. If this action doesn't limit the ability of another individual to act how they wish, then this represents a net gain in value. So if people's voluntary interactions lead to lots of money/resources going to CEOS and pro footballers, for instance, then this is the best possible outcome assuming no coercion is involved. This is where the capitalist notion of people pursuing their own pleasure without interfering with that of others stems from. This is a qualitative, not quantitative, notion of utility, and arguments have been made that it does not allow for interpersonal utility comparisons. Which is why hardcore followers of the theory (market anarchists) oppose regulation, as it necessarily requires coercion (making someone do something other than the action they'd most like to do), and without the possibility of interpersonal utility comparisons it's not possible to justify any such coercion. There's no 'must' obey a boss's commands all day. You're free to do whatever you want; you must only follow your boss's commands if you want him to pay you. And if you think he should pay you when he doesn't want to, then you're making the implicit value judgement that he should act how you want him to, not how he wants to, which seems rather arrogant. If one wants to consume food, resources etc. produced by other people, one has to be willing to offer something back. The government enforces a quota on medical positions, enrollments and whatnot in the US, which artificially limits the supply of physicians, thereby increasing their wages. In the past hundred years or so, for instance, while the US population increased by 284%, the number of medical schools declined by 26%, to only 123[3]. Some references, one from the right[1] and one from the left[2]. 1. http://www.forbes.com/2009/08/25/american-medical-associatio... 2. http://www.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2013/11/21/doctors_carte... 3. http://mises.org/daily/1547 Right, I didn't mean it as a rebuttal, I was just elaborating. They did a blog post on it that I can't find right now. Essentially, they made it quite a while ago (2002? I don't recall exactly), and all other options were too slow. Their backend apparently has to do a lot of work calculating match scores when users search. Found a post by one of the developers describing the decision in some detail: http://www.brightjourney.com/q/okcupid-write-web-server They've also open sourced their server: https://github.com/okws/okws I've found in some cases Go's style of error handling can actually make for great documentation: when every third line of code is something like if err != nil{ log.Printf("This specific operation %v went wrong because input %v was %v or was expected to be %v but wasn't", operationName, inputName, actualInput, expectedInput) } Then reading the error messages gives a pretty good idea of what's supposed to be happening at that point in the code. They're partly related to Objective-C not having namespaces (as far as I'm aware). Performance is not just about the language; Scala and Clojure can be just as fast as Java on the Oracle JVM or OpenJDK. The Android Dalvik VM is just incredibly ineffective at optimisation compared to a real JVM, and Google has done little to improve it. Things might change with the new ART VM, however. While willpower can be exhausted, it's also possible to increase willpower reserves via such things as exercise and meditation[1]. Personally, I think promoting education and awareness (and providing training) to people wishing to improve their willpower would be preferable to further empowering the immense coercive apparatus of the state to interfere in the minute details of our lives. People lacking willpower will always find ways to self-sabotage, so helping them increase their willpower would be far more efficient than trying to ban every single thing that their poor willpower could render harmful to them. 1. http://scopeblog.stanford.edu/2011/12/29/a-conversation-abou... Well it couldn't hurt to try, to at least make it easily accessible to them. The success of Alcoholics Anonymous is a testament to people's willingness to seek help where its available. Considering how willpower is a predictor for success in many facets of life, techniques (scientifically verified ones, not the mumbo-jumbo ones) that improve willpower and concentration would seem like perfect candidates for addition to school curricula. Meditation is generally quite a subjectively pleasant experience, so if people could be taught to do it even once they might decide to keep it up in future purely for the sensation it brings them. It's not silly, it's a description of reality. Epistemology is concerned with what can be known, not with what assumptions are practical for decision-making. Just because something has happened the same way a hundred billion times in the past, that's no iron guarantee it will in future, it just means its incredibly probable. Understanding this means understanding reality more clearly. I think an important step to take would be allowing lenders to discriminate based on students' course of study, considering the massive effect it has on students' ability to pay back their debt. Such a change would, all other things being equal, reduce interest rates for STEM degrees and increase those for arts, thus potentially increasing the number of STEM students to the benefit of the wider economy. If somebody actually made something like that it'd make debugging even funner than it already is.