http://qz.com/367310/how-to-kill-a-doctor/ You really think being a doctor is easy? I do both. My last time leaving a job I told external recruiters both what I was making and I would not field interviews for less than X+$21,500. Between all of the recruiters I worked with, I had 10 phone interviews with companies and a job offer within 2 weeks. I declined 5 or 6 in person interviews. My answer to that question would be, when I am at work I give 120% of my effort to my job. I build skills and I do research the latest trends in the industry. However I believe a good work life balance is important. When I leave work, I spend quality time with my family and at the gym. When I was looking for a job eight months ago. I had interviews with 10 different companies in the course of three weeks. I was not offered one job probably because of the attitude I expressed above. I accepted a job where the manager emphasized his belief in a work life balance. It's a buyers market for qualified experienced software developers. I won't jumped through unnecessary hoops to get a job. "and if you don't impress the hackers, your days are numbered" http://m.slashdot.org/story/21026 "no wireless, less space than a Nomad. Lame" Well yes he does make most of his current income from ads - mostly from his podcast. But he made most of his wealth from his equity in Tumblr as the first developer. He also sold Instsgram to another company and makes money from the OverCast app. I don't think it's a disdain for .Net. It's more of a disdain for ASP.Net Webforms. I'm definitely not a youngster (I'm 41). But he's been doing Asp.Net Webforms for 12 years. He hasn't shown a "knack for constant improvement". He hasn't been keeping up with the frameworks and technologies that MS has been pushing - Asp.Net MVC, WebApi, Entity Framework, etc. If he has been doing WebForms instead of MVC, he's probably not up on all of the basic table stakes client side stuff like BootStrap and JQuery. I know at 41 years old, if I want to stay in development and not go into management and command the salary I want, I can't be complacent. The minute that my company stagnates, I must find another job. That means for me, being a full stack .Net developer: 1. Web - Angular, JQuery, CSS, TypeScript, and Bootstrap 2. Server side web - Asp.Net MVC, WebApi, WCF 3. Knowing how to speak the language of an architect (DDD, Design Patterns,everything that Martin Fowler writes) 4. Database theory and maintenance and EF. 5. Testing - front end and back end automation testing. I'm not bragging, I know lots of developers who can tick off these checkboxes. If you're not willing to aggressive learn, this isn't the field for you. MVC is a lot easier for someone who grew up developing on the web. But if you aren't skilled at hand rolling your own HTML and you don't know client side frameworks that can take the place of the bloated but easy to use WebForm controls, MVC is a lot harder. WebForms hide the real web from developers. I disagree, I've worked with many great tech recruiters during the past 20 years that know the market. I've never had my resume submitted without my permission. The last time I was looking for a job with a certain salary, location, and work environment, they were extremely helpful filtering out the jobs that didn't meet my criteria. Employers rarely post salary ranges and it kept me from wasting time by just telling recruiters I won't interview for any job that pays less than $X. I had 10 phone screens with different companies and an offer within two weeks - without blindly applying for a job that would have paid much less than was acceptable. I hate to be that guy, but.... "That I’d been told $75k was reasonable, and that I would have to look for work elsewhere if it was going to be $44k." That was a dumb move. Why tell the boss anything? He should have thanked the boss, gone back to work and started interviewing while he had a job. He let his pride get in his way. And let's not gloss over the fact that he made at least a few million from his equity stake in Tumblr when it was sold to Yahoo. He was the first employee of the company. From everything I've heard on his podcast, it is strongly hinted that he really never needs to work another day in his life. I'm torn. I have 3 older Rokus that are in need of an upgrade. I'm trying to decide between a new Roku and an Apple TV. Roku Pros: -Has an app for the iPhone that I can use when I misplace the remote and can use the iOS keyboard for text input -Has a native Amazon Prime client. -Find remote feature -Remote with headphone jack -Dedicated app for Pandora and Spotify Cons -anemic app store outside of streaming video -No AirPlay -processor not as powerful AppleTV: Pros: AirPlay Support More powerful processor Better apps Cons: Doesn't support Apple's remote app (yet?) Fragile remote On screen keyboard seems like a pain No Amazon Prime support without using AirPlay No headphone jack on remote No Pandora or Spotify app (yet?) He tested ChromeCast and the Amazon Fire TV (which is based on Android). But with Google's spotty record when it comes to TV devices (Google TV, Android TV, Nexus Player, Nexus Q), can you blame him? I don't get it. Is Apple against programmers publishing their own source code? If the authors are giving away the code anyway why not just put it on GitHub and let anyone clone it and use it? Ahhh. In that case, I can understand why Apple wouldn't want to encourage this. if he just open sourced it, Apple wouldn't care about him distributing it or using private APIs. If someone never discovers force touch shortcuts, does it make the phone less useful? On the other hand, almost 8 years after multitouch, even people who are not tech savvy inherently understand pinch and expand so eventually it will become second nature. My bigger issue is that I think it will be confusing to people thinking that long touch doesn't work when they are pressing their screen to move icons. Even more confusing is the home button. Double press to go the home screen, double tap to activate reachability, and long press to activate Siri. "Few business models can afford a 30% tax. If you monetize externally to the device, this tax can be avoided." What do you think the "tax" is when you sell something wholesale to a distributor that then sells it to a retailer? Cards Against Humanity is always doing something crazy. When they sponsor the Accidental Tech Podcast and instead of a sponsor read, they have John Siracusa review toaster ovens. That's not true. Apple allowed third party browsers - as long as they used WebKit - from day one when the app store opened. Apple doesn't have to "allow" you to install apps on the Mac. I've got an even worse Ux experience for you. The podcast app. The sleep timer, forward 15 sec and back 15 sec buttons are completely invisible. You have to know where on the screen to press to get to them. So which should I believe, a random poster on Hacker News that says that Apple forbids employees to contribute to open source, or the fact that Apple has many published open source projects? Why am I suppose to feel bad for these adjunct professors? They seem to fall into two categories - either they are full time professionals who take on a teaching job just as supplemental income, or they chose field and/or degree for which there weren't a lot of job opportunities. I would never support my child getting a degree in Ancient Chinese Art History, I don't care if it is their "passion". As Scott Adams said "Passion Is Bullshit." So it was for the enjoyment -- there is nothing wrong with that. I also did a part time "job" that paid almost nothing compared to my real job, but was for "passion". But I wasn't crazy enough to make a career out of it like the subject of the article. "T-Mobile knows exactly what it's doing. If they had announced an open platform with open specs for implementing low-bandwidth video," Every streaming platform since RealVideo in the mid 90s has had a way to detect bandwidth and send low bandwidth video based on the amount of bandwidth available. You can download a free streaming server right now from either Apple or Adobe that can do it. "and then said "if you have this, we'll use it", the end result would be that everyone could benefit from an innovation of theirs." Does he really need to provide a link to Apple's or Adobe's free offering or the $600 WireCast solution? I've set up an bandwidth adaptive streaming solution for around $2000 (Mac Mini + BlackMagic Intensity + camcorder). "He's smart enough to know that favoring companies that "have the technology to do this" really means favoring large corporations, which is bad for the little guys." This "technology" to stream lower bitrate video based on available bit rate has been around for 20 years. if you're a small outfit, you probably don't have enough video that you need to pay someone else to transcode. You can do it yourself using freely available tools Like HandBrake and some simple scripts, and throw a few spare computers at it. I know that Apple has some tools that use QuickTime to do it - and yes QuickTime uses standard H.264 encoding. If you care about mobile, you should be encoding for low and high bandwidth anyway. Again, I mostly deal with live streaming but the $2000 solution I mentioned above allows you to simultaneously stream at multiple bitrates. I'm seriously thinking about taking a boot camp for iOS development to rapidly ramp up and maybe gain a few contacts. I've been developing professional for almost 20 years, was a hobbyist through middle and high school, and have a degree in comp. sci. A 4 year degree is overrated. Nothing I learned in 96 is relevant today except for my algorithms class and maybe my C class. My career and knowledge wouldn't have been any different if I had skipped college and learned everything on my own (which I did anyway). But hiring managers want a college degree so I am glad I have one. It depends on the tooling you have available. If I encountered a 2000 line C# method, I would use Resharper and start with the extract method command and then extract class. Look up Veblum goods. Apple doesn't take a cut either for selling non digital goods and Amazon doesn't let you buy digital goods via the app. Apple bought 10 companies last year mostly small companies. The age of spending money buying large companies and creating non focused conglomerates is dead. GE, for example, has been busy making itself smaller over the past couple of years. Google split itself up to become more focused and Sony just announced the creation of a separate PlayStation division. Apple's services revenue is growing every year. As long as their installed base keeps growing or even remains stable they can make money off of their existing customers. They aren't in the position of other phone manufacturers or computer manufacturers - with decreasing margins and only being able to make money at the point of sale. It was reported that the average selling price of iPhones was up by $3 and would have been up by $80 if it weren't for currency fluctuations. Yes you are an outlier. If I'm working on a web app, I will probably have Visual Studio running, the browser, the browser debugger window, maybe Fiddler and Slack. I work okay with two monitors but when space allows I've worked with three and even four. TV is not the next big thing. They are low margin, bulky, and on a very long replacement cycle. I've read 7 years. In most developing markets, cheap tablets are the main source of viewing video. Once you get a HDTV, you keep it until it breaks - hence the failure of every new TV technology since HD. Games are not the next big thing either. Console gaming revenue all together was only $25 billion. ( http://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2015-04-22-gaming-will... ) Beats was a profitable, high margin business, the gaming industry - not so much. But with gaming moving toward mobile, why risk actually going into the gaming industry where success or failure is based on luck when they get a 30% cut of all money spent on iOS without any risk? But there are two companies that have been able to charge a premium for decades even when there were lower cost alternatives - Apple and Microsoft. Apple has been selling computers for almost 40 years that cost more than their competitors. The average selling cost of Macs are still much higher than the industry average. The fact that Microsoft can sell any of their products at all when most people could easily use free open source alternatives means that MS must have some type of competitive advantage. For both companies, good enough is not good enough for their customer base. For me personally, the integration of their products is a reason I choose them. Microsoft's "long tail" isn't how it survived. It was just the opposite. MIcrosoft's profit has been mostky Windows+Office for 20 years. Add on Sql Server + Exchange and I would guess that's 90% + of their profit. And look at what GE is doing now - they divided their financial business, their appliance business, and a while back their stake in NBC/Universal. That was over 7 years ago. How is it "fair" that people don't know? So the lesson is -- don't eat raw and under cooked food. I support the couple but I am uneasy with it. The stance that "a private group has every right to refuse service for any reason." is the same thing that they said in the South with Jim Crow laws and racial covenants. So how can I say that what the couple is doing is within their rights but at the same time say that Jim Crow laws were not right? I can't quite square that circle. The private keys are not in the possession of Apple though. The key is in the secure enclave. You can still back up your data on your computer encrypted. Something the article failed to mention. I have never done this song and dance. I've been working professionally as a software developer for 20 years and my M.O. Is to talk to reputable recruiters, get an idea what the salary ranges are for my skill set, send my resume to the recruiter and tell them to send me prospects that meet my qualifications and that can meet my salary demands. Then I just sit back, look over the job reqs that they send me and then I decide whether I want to be submitted. Within two to three weeks, usually I have competing offers. I've never failed a phone screen with an employer and I've only twice haven't gotten an offer. Luckily my first job I got was based on an internship. I graduated from a Podunk state college and I've been able to demand a competitive salary after my first three year job stint. He has absolutely no understanding of the technical differences between allowing the FBI and other government agencies with the proper subpoena access to iCloud data which is not encrypted and Apple has done, with hacking a phone and installing custom software. I use to love Yahoo Spades with Cases Ladder. It was all Java based. I first started playing on my PowerMac 6100/60 over dialup in 1996. I can see why they closed it. The idea of running Java in the browser on the desktop is kind of antiquated with everything moving away from both the desktop to mobile and everyone moving away from Java in the browser. Kudos for not doing slide show I don't think it will be there downfall, all of those companies have failed to make compelling mass market hardware and have shown no lack of willingness to write software for iOS. Whatever they do in AI that benefits the consumer, they will make sure it runs on iOS. If Apple gets so far behind that they need to offer it to their customers, they will probably make it easier to integrate Amazon, Microsoft, or Facebook's offerings. Thinking of all of the computers I've had since 2007, all of them are usable and still in use at least once a week. 2006 era Mac Mini Core Duo 1.66Ghz. Run Windows 7 gave it to my mom. She still uses it. 2009 era Sony Viao - Core Duo 1.66Ghz, 2Gb RAM. Windows 7. My son uses it for Office and MineCraft 2009 Dell Pentium Dusl Core 2Ghz, 4Gb of RAM. It's still my only laptop. The display is 1600x900 and is still better than many cheap laptops. The battery is crap though. 2011 Core 2 Duo 2.66Ghz laptop. My wife's computer. It's still feels fast. My workhouse is a 3Ghz I3 with 6Gb of RAM. Bought in 2012. It amazes me when Android users say that the answer to fleeing a walled garden where one company controls the hardware, the software, and the app store is by buying a phone (a Nexus) where one company provides the hardware and software and if you want to stay safe, only use their app store. I have a perfectly working color laser printer from HP and they decided not to have drivers that work with Windows 10. Why are drivers still a thing in the Windows world? Any printer that supports AirPrint (almost any wireless printer) will at least give you a base level of functionality without printer specific drivers required. The only reason that I'm keeping the printer is because it still works with my iOS devices and I'm getting a Mac eventually. Why is it any better idea to stretch yourself to go to an "elite" college? The only way that the authors children "earned" the right to go there is if they were awarded a full scholarship. I went to an unknown stare college, stated at home and got a degree in computer science. After my first three years of working - almost 20 years ago - my salary has been comparable to anyone else's. No one cares what college I graduated from. Our "wedding" cost $25 at the court house and we had a reception later on for around $3000. Is that really true? I would think that most people spend more time on their phones than watching TV. Or it could end up like the music store. I've never heard anyone complain about it being hard to get music published. The same could be said about books or movies. No. I would not hire anyone in a science department who professed a belief of a 6000 year old earth or that didn't "believe in" evolution. I wouldn't vote for anyone who thought that the U.S. should be run based on the bible. No I'm not an atheist but I am against anti-intellectualism. There has been an option since 2003 for iTunes not to copy songs into its own hierarchy and just leave files where they are. That's completely backwards. If you want control over your music library you would keep both of those options disabled. Apple has been selling standard AAC non DRMd music since 2007. No AAC is not a proprietary Apple format. It is supported by everything under the sun and is licensed just like the MP3 format. Apple has nothing to do with the licensing. An independent artists can use a service like cdbaby as their "label" Imagine the Apple talking point. "We want to sell you this car but government protectionist regulation won't allow us". And they do that in every state, starting with the most wealthy, most liberal states and move slowly to the less affluent states. Apple has a lot more die-hard fans than Tesla. Just compare the number of people who have Apple products compared to Teslas. y I started working on a parser as a side project that could parse simple sentences, create a knowledge graph, and then you could ask questions based on the graph. I used http://m.newsinlevels.com at level 1 to feed it news articles and then you could ask questions. It worked pretty well but I lost interest once I realized I would have to feed it tons of words. So could I use this to do something similar? What programming language would I need to use? So exactly what consumer electronic market should Apple get into that's even 20% the size of the phone market? Even before the iPhone was introduced, the phone market was huge by volume if not revenue. It was a hack in C# with no unit tests it never got past the conceptual stage. And considering that you can get an FHA approved mortgage with a less than 5% APR (including PMI) with a 600 credit score, I can't help but agree. I've never taken a cash advance but I don't see anywhere on a credit report where it would be noted whether the credit card was used to charge something or do a cash advance. No matter if you think it's a "hit piece" or not, why should Google and radio stations get to profit off of others work without giving money back to the creators? So tell me again what is so special about Ivey league schools? I don't know about other states, but there are a good colleges in Ga which would have been much cheaper and less stressful and still could have landed them a good job. One of the students were from GA. No one is forced to go to a private college and rack up debt. Go to a state college. Most students could probably go to a junior college their first two years close to home and transfer. I always laughed seeing people thousands in debt getting a comp Sci degree making no more than me - a graduate of an unremarkable state school. If you are a for profit company, I "believe what you are doing" is trying to make money. Why would you think I would want to do any less? Hmmm. So Google invented a way to run small Java apps when you go to certain pages in a browser. Why didn't someone think of this before? I played with the numbers - for GA for $120,000 for "information". It was $50 a month. Not bad for an extra $785 a week. It would give me some breathing room not to take the first job offer and to be more picky. I might also be willing to stay at a job I like instead of leaving at the first whiff of distress. That would be a great idea. Everyone is saying that you should have an emergency fund - and I agree - but I would rather not have the gap in income that would cause me to use my emergency fund. That was from 2010. Most banking apps on iOS use Touchid. If they are using TouchID, they have to store the passwords in Keychain which is encrypted. It's only after the user uses their password that the OS gives the app the stored password. Don't blame the apps, blame the OS. iOS can block apps from running in the background and can stop them from using notifications. Is ZFS lightweight enough to run on the watch? Their ultimate goal was to have a file system efficient enough and flexible enough to run across all of their OS's - MacOS, iOS, tvOs, and watchOS I don't have a problem with it myself, but I suspect using Location Services to allow for background processing is against Apple's App Store guidelines. Well "basic law" in many jurisdictions make it illegal to rent your home out for less than x number of days. So if they want to scream what is legal in one case then why not the other case? I wouldn't want anyone to be running what basically is a hotel right next to me. Retailers always play favorites with brands based on how much companies are willing to pay them. This is nothing new, hidden, nor is there anything illegal about it. What's more likely, that people will give up their iPhones to use Spotify or that people will choose one of the other available streaming music services? Well briefly... 1. Apple's market share is a lot lower than Android worldwide but since Apple's customers are disproportionately wealthier with a higher willingness to spend, it would be suicidal for Spotify the iOS user base - especially in the U.S. If Spotify degrades iOS users service that will just push them to Tidal, Apple Music, Rhapsody, etc. As far as getting exclusive content, do you really think Spotify has either the money or the marketing power to out compete Apple? Apple can market a musucian both on iTunes (pay per song) and Apple Music. The only way you can listen to a certain artist on Spotify is by paying a monthly fee - the free service will only let you shuffle a playlist. Would you buy a game console that could only play games approved by the console manufacturer? Anything stopping people from buying non-Apple smart phones? "hey siri open Spotify" works fine. For a time at least not for Nexus phones sold on Verizon. But why should I have to buy a Nexus phone just to receive OS updates and not get crapware? Not that I disagree with you, but is this so much different than the Right wanting to teach their children about a 6000 year old earth and "Creatiom Science"? The previous post was saying that Spotify could implement their own voice recognition once launched. Even if Apple did open Siri up and provide a "music playing intent" for Siri like they did for messages, it would still be something like "play something by the Rolling Stones using Spotify". Is that much different from "open Spotify" and once Spotify is open "Play something by the Rolling Stones"? That still didn't answer the question. If Apple added a "music playing intent" for Siri in IOS 10 like they are doing for other intents, the probable workflow would be 1. Activate Siri (hey Siri/button on your car, etc.) 2. Say "play a song by Bob Dylan using Spotify" 3. Spotify would get a message with a parsed command to play. There is nothing stopping Spotify today from licensing a speech recognition engine and working with voice. You can already launch Spotify using Siri and after that let Spotify do its own voice recognition like Google does on iOS. So can straight people sue gay dating websites to allow for heterosexual dating? Spending $75K on college doesn't make sense for $120K a year. Any degree that is in demand enough to earn 120K a year you could probably get from going to a state school a lot cheaper. You could probably stay at home, go to Jr college and transfer. I've see starting salaries for the big tech companies that recruit from the name brand schools. It's about a wash or even negative once you consider the cost of living on the west cost and the cost of the school compared to going to a well known in state college and finding a job in a lower cost of living tech hub. I can't speak for the other companies, but Amazon is relatively easy to get into if you have experience regardless of where your degree is from. But what is the desire for working for a "top tier" company? Looking at the average salaries for Amazon, Facebook, and Microsoft, they aren't that much higher than startups and smaller companies in lower cost areas. Yes because the Android manufacturers commitment to support and updates to their phones are so much better.... So do you really think AOSP/CyanogenMod support on some phones is a better user experience than OTA updates by the actual OS provider? Every iPhone introduce since 2011 is still supported with OS updates. What nonsense? He explicitly said in the episode that he studied some options and they were all bad ideas. He made a few million from the sale of Tumblr to Yahoo, has FU money in the bank and he is just scratching an itch and exploring his hobby. I don't see anything wrong with that. The whole schtick about DRM is that you don't own the content. When you subscribe to Netflix, it is explicit that you are paying for access not ownership. I have no problem paying for a DRMd Apple Music subscription as a rental model and DRM free music from iTunes music that I own. Why separate vacation days/sick days/personal days? Why not just one bucket? I would much rather have X number of PTO days. If you are sick and have PTO days you have to use those first, but not dock your pay for sick days after that or a personal half day personal errand. This would work well for most salaried professionals. In the U.S. if you are salaried, your pay cannot be docked for any week you worked anyway -- except for very specific reasons -- and I've never heard of company that would dock a salaried person's pay if they actually did call in sick or have an emergency and they used all of their sick time. https://www.tracksmart.com/Advice-Center/Pages/payroll-benef... It's a language/framework issue. C# supports first class properties with get/set semantics. In your method (actions) in the controller you would write something like this: public List Get(SearchRequest request) { ..... return customers; } Somewhere else in the (configurable) pipeline the framework can decide how to deserialize the SearchRequest and how to serialize the List based on the Accept-Header. (CustomerModel/Request would not be business objects. They would only be used to on the API layer) As far as validation. You could just put attributes on the properties of the Request like [Required] and they would automatically be validated before your Get method is called. Of course if the types don't match, the framework would send the appropriate error. That's a valid point. I'm thinking inside my own bubble where there is a distinction between "being contagious but still feeling well enough work" and "being too sick to work". In the former case, I would work from home and in the latter I would have to take a PTO. I guess the one big bucket works better for people in professions where they don't have to be in the office. I've been working professionally as a software developer for 20 years and I'm doing the same thing now I did 20 years ago - programming. Of course not at the same company. So I've never "gotten a promotion". If I'm lucky, I can go another 20 years without being promoted. I like development and I would die a thousand deaths if I had to be a manager. I would probably leave any company that forced a promotion on me. The age of consumer pay once software is dead and has been for awhile - aside from non mobile games. Which software companies are actually still making real money from consumers? I can only think of one - Microsoft - and even they have moved to a subscription model. I'm a developer and if I didn't have an MSDN license, I could probably get away with only free tools that MS provides and open source software. Adobe is still doing well, but they are also doing subscriptions and mostly prosumers who are running businesses. With the combination of the built in content blocking support that iOS has and the new Web View Controller that respects content blockers, ads are basically dead for web pages on iOS. Apps on the other hand are another story. Every place I've worked, devs have complete access to dev resources like databases, CI servers, web servers and usually have access to QA resources and it's only by convention that we don't screw with it without asking for permission. Why would just anyone have access to production resources - which would be required to take advantage of any of the things he stated. Also, dev/QA should be on a separate domain anyway. I see more of a case against going to a four year college for a lot of people instead of just going to a much cheaper 2 year college for the first two years and transferring to get a 4 year degree. Most state four year colleges have a transfer program. That's not what happened. Around 2006 all of digital music services were failing because thier DRM was incompatible with the iPod. Once Jobs refused to license FairPlay and gave the record industry the alternative of licensing music DRM free they had no choice but to either allow DRM music or let Apple keep a stranglehold on the market. I actually had to look up how traditional copiers worked based on your statement "Most photocopiers are already just digital scanners coupled with printers". I was so use to think of a copier being scanner + printer in the modern era, I had to take a step back and realize that wouldn't have been feasible 30 years ago. The software side of printers have gotten worse. Back in the day, when all high end printers support PostScript, you didn't have to worry about drivers. Now, especially with Windows, your printer can become obsolete with the next OS upgrade. At least on the Mac/iOS side, most consumer printers support AirPrint and you don't need drivers to support basic operations. I have a perfectly functional (cheap) color laser printer that doesn't work pass Windows 7. But works fine with my iOS devices thanks to AirPrint. It also supports Google's Cloud Print so I guess that's one way I could make it work with Windows 10 if I were so inclined. That's true. If they bundled a full cartridge with the printer, it would often be cheaper to just buy another printer than to buy ink/toner. My color laser printer was $200. A full set of toner replacements from HP would be $357 - third party it's about $120 for all four colors. My takeaways.... 1. Communicate your BATNA but be subtle. When I was looking for a job two years ago and spoke with recruiters, I heard from a few that it would be "hard" to get $21K more than I was making at the time. I told them that I was happy with my current job at a major well known company (I wasn't) and that's what it would take to get me to leave. 2. Salary was the main reason I was leaving, but like he said, it's much easier to negotiate one time signing bonuses and things that don't cost the company money -- like more work from home days. 3. Know your worth - it's hard to negotiate more than your market value. When I was interviewing I had 10 prospects that were in various stages of the interview process. I was able to confidently cut the process short for some knowing I had others and I had outside recruiters negotiating on behalf so they could get their commissions. It does happen on the host (I think). That reminds me of another advantage of hosting a network printer on the Mac. Even if the printer does require a dedicated print driver, to the rest of the network - including Windows computers -it's seen as a generic PostScript printer and the Mac takes care of the translation. There are a lot of advantages to using a good recruiter. They serve as a decent filter for both you and the employer so you don't waste time pursuing jobs that are not a good fit. When I was looking for my last job, I had certain criteria - a salary that at the time was higher than average, it had to be located in a certain part of the metro area because I didn't want a long commute and I wanted a certain technology stack. Most jobs don't post salary ranges and for some strange reason it's considered bad form to ask about it at the early stages of the interview process but the recruiter knows what salary the company is willing to offer and it's perfectly acceptable to ask. Submitting your resume blindly to a company is a black box. A recruiter will know almost immediately if a company is interested in you and what stage in the decision process the company is in. They will also give you hints about what type of interview to expect. The last time I was looking for a job about two years ago, I was feilding 10 different opportunities - I had passed the phone screen and scheduling an in person interview. I stopped the process for 8 of them after accepting an offer that met my requirements. I always wondered why they didn't make disks available for sell with the programs on them? The two assembly programs I remember the best having to type out myself for the Apple //e was one that added double high resolution graphics commands to Applesift Basic and one typing out shape tables of letters so you could easily mix text with graphics. When I was in the best shape of my adult life, I weighed 175, with 10% body fat (measured with calipers) and a size 30 waist. I wasn't overly into lifting weights but did a lot of cardio. My BMI was 30 - obese. 5 years later. I do about 3 hours of cardio a week, I weigh 185 and my waist is about 32. My BMI is 31.8. No doctor has ever looked at me and said I need to lose weight. BMI is completely bunk in my case. 5"4. But like I said. I don't lift weights anymore at all. But most people assume I do. As far as the caliper body fat test. It was done using 6 parts of the body. I don't know what the truth is but after being diagnosed with high blood pressure and high cholesterol for the first time, why should I take chances? There is no harm in cutting back on red meat, fried foods, and saturated fat Yeah that goes without saying - part of eating "heart healthy" is cutting back on carbs, sugars and sodium. True. But in my particular case I spent over 10 years eating like crap but exercising like crazy between being a part time fitness instructor and running that covered up a lot of sins. I cut down on exercising, got older, and it caught up to me. I acknowledge that it was all my fault. Back in the day, PageMaker ran only on Macs because only Macs had the underlying technology to support it. People bought Macs to run PageMaker. It was the "killer app". If Nexedi's product was that good, they could convince people to buy Android devices. Can a game maker sue Sony because it is extra work to port a game from XBox? Can they force Sony to support Kinect? And there is plenty of competition for the iPhone. I started my programming journey programming in AppleSoft Basic then 65C02 assembly language. Those were the only two languages I learned and used until college (1992) where I learned a lot of other languages but fell in love with C and then C++ and used that mostly from the beginning of my professional career until 2008 with a smattering of other languages (Perl, VB6, Rexx, Java, JavaScript, etc.) I changed jobs in 2008 started using C# and realized that I was a good programmer, but a piss poor "engineer". I didn't know many of the fundamentals that he discussed, or unit testing, domain driven design, various frameworks (IOC, ORM's, MVC...) and didn't know how to manage a large project or even CI. My algorithmic knowledge, and low level bit twiddling knowlege didn't mean anything in 2008 when it came to delivering real world business value. I still like knowing the nuts and bolts, but it is secondary to getting stuff done. The problem I have with working remotely is that you're not part of the conversation. I work with a co-located team and I'm based in satellite office and could work from home 100% of the time. It works fine within the team, but when politics starts happening outside of the team, we don't know about it until things hit the fan and we are playing defense. Even not regarding the politics, it's a lot easier just to walk over to someone's desk to get their input then reach them on Slack and try to do a hangout. So yeah having the option to work from home is great when you really need to be heads down, you are contagious but you are able to work, etc., but I wouldn't want to be in situation where I'm always remote. It's not that strange. There is only one real avenue to make money off of music -- selling it, either digitally or physically -- besides a subscription service. The movie industry can make money during different "windows". Theatrical releases, PPV from cable companies, iTunes, Amazon, etc., physical rentals, DVD and digital sells, subscription movie services (HBO, Showtime...) and regular cable TV. It's a little more complicated than that. -There is a compulsory performance license that allows radio stations to play any music. They have to pay the song writers and the music writers (?) a fee based on a mandated structure but not the actual singers. -There is a separate compulsory licence for Pandora like services where you can't choose your music and there are guidelines that Pandora has to abide by. -There is no compulsory license for on-demand subscription services like Spotify where you can choose the music you want to listen to. I have mixed feelings about Siri. The voice recognition has definitely gotten much better. The domains that it knows about isn't increasing nearly enough. That's not even a matter of AI it's just doing the work. For instance knowing what's on tv. It does come in handy when I'm driving and for reminders. It seems to do pretty well with directions, playing songs, playing podcasts, and messages. I much rather tell Siri "remind me not to forget my lunch when I get out of the car" than try to do that with the reminders app. How many songs actually get licensed for movies and tv shows out of the millions of songs that are on Spotify? Political campaigns do not have to have a license to use music. Artists have been complaining about political parties using their music forever. Radio stations have to pay royalties to the songwriters and musicians but not the singers. No matter how bad or unpopular a movie is, a studio will always make some money on a theatrically released movie, with each of the distribution mechanisms. I hope HN readers are open minded enough to actually read this article in an unbiased manner and really think through it. I'm an African American software engineer who grew up in a medium size factory city (100K people). I went to a private predominately white school and church growing up, of course now I work with people of all ethnicities in a major metropolitan area,so I thought I thought I was the farthest thing from being prejudiced. After reading articles like this one during this election cycle, I had to take a step back and realize that I was also guilty of looking down on the people he described as the Trump supporter and that I had my own prejudices. I've never had any reason to interact with poor people from any other race and didn't think about their perspective. Everyone I interacted with that wasn't Black were either people I went to private school with (meaning by definition they weren't poor), worked with (meaning other IT people), or lived and worked around (the top 20% of income earners). And the article is correct. At least politicians and the media pay lip service to inner city poverty, no one does even that much for poor people in small towns. If I were part of that demographic I would be going for a politician too that wanted to blow the whole thing up. I know HN is adverse to political topics and I keep seeing this one flagged and unflagged, but the comments on the article and here have been reasonable and thoughtful. The article doesn't deem either side as evil. One thing stands out. Google doesn't have multiple streams of income. They have search and a lot of money losing ventures. some people just aren't good at technical interviewing but on the other hand there are a lot of bad interviewers. I work with a guy I interviewed that gave one of the worst interview performances I had done. He couldn't answer many of the technical questions correctly or only had a surface understanding of them. But, from asking him the soft skill questions I knew he would work well with our team. Then we gave him two simple programming assignment that many of the more senior developers we interviewed couldn't do. He didn't know the syntax of the language well, but you could tell from his thought process, the questions he asked, and how we solved the problem that he was as Joel Spolsky said "smart and gets stuff done". I along with my manager fought to get him hired. We were right about him. He's very effective, diligent, and if I ever got my own team at another company, I would fight to bring him on to work with me. I can't imagine going through that much trouble trying to find a job as a developer. My m.o.: 1. Contact my list of (currently) 14 local recruiters from different companies with my resume, and tell them what type of job I'm looking for, salary, and location within the metro area. 2. They send me a list of jobs with the descriptions abd salary range - something you can't usually get without a recruiter - and I tell them which one I want to be submitted to. 3. Keep a list of the jobs, status (submitted, phone interview scheduled, in person interview scheduled, waiting for response), recruiter information, etc. so I don't get double submitted. Historically, since 1999 and three years out of college, it has taken me about a two-four weeks to find a job, usually paying significantly more. The last round I just went through. I had 13 prospects, 7 phone interviews, 3 in person interviews, trying to schedule the other 4, and will probably have four offers by the end of the week. This is with me being picky on location, salary, and environment. I'm not trying to say that I'm a special snowflake. I know a lot of people that I work with that could do the same. I have a coworker that said he basically walked out of an interview that asked him to write three different sort algorithms on the board - he was applying for your standard enterprise developer. I agree with him. I'm not applying for a code monkey position. I'm applying for a senior software Engineer or architect. Someone who can use modern tools and create solutions. I had two coding tests during my last round of interviews. One on a computer onsite where the interviewers left me alone with a computer and IDE and permission to use Google and the other a coding problem I had a week to complete, turn in on github, and the second part of the interview was going to be a code review. I found both to be acceptable and relevant. Who cares if set top box reform dies? Government worrying about cable settop boxes in the age of streaming boxes and services like SlingTV is as silly as worrying about desktop browser monopolies in the age of mobile. I have six tvs all with some type of streaming box and all of my video comes over the internet. I would have had to pay $60/month for set top boxes if I had go with cable. I pay $50 a month for Sling, Hulu and Netflix and I have Amazon Prime. The market is working. I never thought about the "working class resents professionals but not the rich". But looking back, I've gotten a lot more snide remarks when people find out that I live in the affluent 'burbs "without doing a hard days work" than I do about being Black. All the while admiring Trump.... Luckily, I had two choices for unlimited high speed internet - Comcast business - $120 for 50/10 - and AT&T Gigapower (1000/1000) for $70/month. With Google still nipping at AT&Ts heel in my area, hopefully it will keep everyone honest. Or you could always just click on "Backup", erase your phone, and restore it after you get it back. Apple has had iCloud backup since 2011. Its had tethered computer backup since day 1. My general rule is no appearance of impropriety now that I'm married. That means I will usually not go to lunch alone with a female coworker we always go in groups. I don't talk about my personal life outside of pleasantries, only social network connection I will have is on linkedIn. Even if physical infidelity is avoided, it's too easy to get involved in an emotional affair with someone you spend one third of your waking weekday hours with and since you are in the same industry, by definition you have a lot of the same interest. Unless it's urgent. No direct messages on Slack after work hours. For some strange reason people hate recruiters, but during my most recent job search - a month ago - I worked with seven recruiting companies. I was submitted to 15 jobs after filtering for commuting distance, technology, salary requirements. First noticed that I filtered based on salary. Most companies don't divulge salary ranges but recruiters know that up front. Out of the 17: 2 - positions already filled before I started the process 1 - after further investigation, the technology stack didn't meet my requirements 1 - had qualification I didn't meet 10 - companies that wanted phone screens 8 - phone screens 3 - in person interviews 3 - offers All of this in only 2-3 weeks. There is some overlap and no company out of the 17 stopped the process (submitted -> phone screen -> in person -> offer). I either stopped the process after accepting an offer, the job req was put on hold, or the position was filled when the recruiter submitted it. Two points. First, none of the submitted resumes disappeared into a black hole because I was using a recruiter. I knew my status for each job. The second point is that I'm no one special, I know plenty of developers that had the same experience. Someone else asked how do you keep up with all of the applications - a spreadsheet. I turned off alerts on LinkedIn when I change something on my profile and I don't post my resume online. I also only work with local companies that have been in business for a while. I've found a few recruiting "companies" that just put up a WordPress blog and the footer even says "powered by WordPress". I don't respond to those at all. I have 26 local recruiters all from different companies in my contacts. My shortest time from starting the process to having an offer is 4 days - from a Fortune 10 company. My longest is three weeks when I was being very picky about what technology I wanted to use. I dealt with 5 recruiters at once. I live in a major metropolitan area on the east coast. Companies know that experienced software devastating don't stay on the market long. They move fast. I'm a software developer and I haven't experienced any of those problems. My resume shows that I've been in the industry for at least 17 years and that's after taking my first job off of my resume. I graduated from an unremarkable state college, and I'm a minority. When you're juggling 17 job opportunities knowing that you have a good shot at a least 10 offers, you really don't have to negotiate. Between the salary offers and the recruiters willingness to throw in a signing bonus, you can let the system work for you. No matter how good you are negotiating, if the company has a budget of $90,000 and you are looking for $130,000, you can't square that circle and you won't know a lot of the time until after you've wasted time going through the process. Also over the past 9 years I've had four jobs. I made a mistake and contacted a recruiter from the same company where I was already working with another recruiter and she told me that I was already working with one of her coworkers. Another recruiter mentioned their "morning meetings" where they all get together to share candidates and jobs. It's in the recruiters best interest to find a candidate a job even if they aren't the account manager for a specific company, knowing that a good developer can find a job in less than two weeks. That being said, I've always been good at writing tech resumes and I am a good interviewer. AppleScript is just an implementation detail. The power of scripting with MacOS has always been the underlying Apple Events. There have always been a number of languages that work on top of Apple Events to allow scripting. I don't see any reason for the AirPort. I can only think of a few scenarios with respect to consumers and Wifi: 1. The router they get from their ISP is good enough, they can get support for their internet access and their wifi from one place and they don't mind paying the $7-$10/month. This seems like it would be the easiest for the non-tech user. 2. A combined router/cable modem is desired but you don't want to pay $7-$10/month. Buy a device that is compatible with your cable modem -- again something that I don't see Apple making. 3. You want a separate ISP modem and more advanced wifi router -- the only case that an updated Airport would satisfy. 4. You want an easy to configure mesh network for better coverage -- buy some Eero devices. 5. You want a versatile travel router -- one that can serve as a regular router (ethernet -> wifi bridge), a wifi->ethernet bridge, a wifi->wifi bridge (to create a private network from a public network), or an extender. There is already a $30 router that can accomplish that. I have one of these: https://www.amazon.com/TP-LINK-TL-WR802N-Wireless-Repeater-3... I wasn't referring to a mistake as far as ethically or legally, just that it seemed spammy on my part and useless to contact more than one recruiter at the same company when they share job openings and your first point of contact will usually split the commision with the owner of the account if they arent the owner. I wasn't referring to a mistake as far as ethically or legally, just that it seemed spammy on my part and useless to contact more than one recruiter at the same company when they share job openings and your first point of contact will usually split the commision with the owner of the account if they arent the owner. "I think we should keep this and open insurance companies up across state lines. This should bring competition and reduce our overall rates." No insurance company wants to compete for high risk people. It won't help. Besides, most of the big insurance companies already have plans in most states. Let's see. Both Trump and the Republicans in Congress want to keep the ban on not allowing exclusions based on pre-existing conditions. How will that happen? 1. Insurance companies must cover everyone but can charge more based on pre-existing conditions. Insurance companies know acturatially how much treatment will cost based on a person's condition, so they charge that person and exhorbant amount. People complain and the government either has to subsidize the cost and pay insurance companies the difference or have the dreaded public option - just what the Democrats originally wanted. 2. Alternatively, everyone has to get coverage so you can't game the system and only get insurance when you think you will need it - an individual mandate. Either way, all roads lead back to some form of either ObamaCare, a public option, subsidies that go directly to insurance companies, or people not being insured. Serious question. What advantage is there to running Linux on a Mac? OS X is already certified Unix. Is there any open source software that you can run on Linux that you can't run on OS X? I think everyone is overlooking the main point. He said that one guy was only making changes to either the front end or back end code. They should have been two separate repos. one for the front end code and one for the back end code. That was a great discussion. As someone said below, I agree if it is independently deployable, it should be in its own repo. If you need to share code between repos you need to create versioned packages - in the c# world - Nuget. It's not an "entire class of jobs" that caused the situation. The parent and/or student purposefully made the decision to get mired in dtudent loan debt to go to a "selective private college", knowing that the pay wouldn't be good. No. I unfriended people because I got sick of reading conspiracy theories like Sandy Hook was a government conspiracy to take away guns, that Obama was a secret gay Muslim, that Michelle Obama was really a man and that their children weren't really theirs. Let's not forget the investigation by Chuck Norris that the government was secretly trying to declare martial law in Texas, "proof" of a 6000 year old Earth, and that Noah's ark was found. And then news that people are using welfare to by weed in Colorado and that parts of Minnesota are under Sharia law.... If "sticking my head in the sand" means ignoring the looneys on the right that believe everything they read, guilty as charged. How often does the mainstream conservative media go out of its way to debunk the idiocy on the right? The guy that started the "news" that people are using welfare money to by weed was actually trying to pull a prank on the right and see who would fall for it. Not only was there an uproar on the right. Fox News even reporter it. The myth that vaccines lead to autism is repeatedly debunked by the mainstream media and they report all of the time about places where diseases on the rise because of anti-vaxxers And while I use to think that nothing getting done in America without the support of big business was a bug. I'm starting to think it's a feature. For instance, once big business broke away from the religious right on issues like gay rights, the "moral majority" didn't have a say in the matter. I expect the same thing to happen when it comes to immigration, trade, and the demonizing of "other". Trump supporters may have the numbers but they don't have the money. Yes and at the same time all devs should learn assembly so they have a better idea what's going on with their program. Saw Gerrera Is more fleshed out in episodes of the canon Clone Wars animated tv show. My parents just celebrated their 48th anniversary and were high school sweethearts before that and are in their early 70s. They retired at 55, have taken months long vacations and Christmas they were still dancing together and are in pretty good health. I'm sure when one passes they will be devasted but when I talk to them, they seem at peace with their mortality and they've enjoyed a good long life together. They've crossed off their bucket list. I never hear them say that there is anything they wish they could have done together that they haven't. When my parents talk they sound like they have a sense of completeness. On the other hand, my wife and I are in our early 40s on our second marriages and have only been married five years. There are a lot of things that we still want to do together and memories we want to build. After reading this article, I just wanted to turn over and hold my wife but stopped myself because I have a cold. I was able to run Windows 95 on my 486dx/2-66Mhz Dos Compatibiliy Card installed on my Power Mac 6100/60 thanks to Windows support of 16 bit drivers. I interview developers also. I don't expect developers to be great designers. I expect them to know the basics of CSS and how selectors work, but that's about it. I'm fine if they aren't advanced CSS whizzes. I do expect them to know JavaScript including how prototypes work, scoping, etc. Well let's remember that while Adobe claimed that they could have gotten Flash to run on an original iPhone in 2007, that when Flash finally came to Android, it required a 1Ghz processor and 1 gig of RAM. The first iPhone had a 128MB of RAM and a 400Mhz processor. it wasn't until 2012 that the first iPhone had 1Ghz+ processor. The very reason that Apple could get away with slower processors was because Apple was dependent on slower more processor intensive VM solutions like Java and Flash. That was Flash Light not real Flash. If Adobe could get full fledged Flash running in a 128Mb/400Mhz first generation iPhone then why couldn't they get it running on similarly equipped Android devices when they had the opportunity? Completely off topic... For someone who doesn't follow Intel chip generations closely, the chart of the generations of Core I3/I5/I7 chips was informative. Two Observations: 1. Why doesn't Intel actually name the chips to make them clearer? 2. The poor Mac Mini that Apple is selling in 2017 uses 2013 era chips and is way overpriced. Edit: fixed typos Apple has made three processor transitions 68K -> PPC -> Intel. During each transition, the processor they were moving to was much faster than the previous processor. That's not the case for ARM vs Intel. A lot of the appeal of the Intel based Macs is the ability to run Windows at native speeds. That wouldn't be possible with ARM. Finally, Apple only sells 16-20 million Macs a year. I can't see it being worth the investment to switch to ARM and creating all of the auxiliary supporting hardware it gets to use by using standard PC hardware. Property taxes for my house are $3000 a year. In the same area, my rent for a much smaller place was about to be $1800 a month. On disability, I could scrape up $250 a month fairly easily. I don't have to worry about rent increasing every year or a change in management. Why would I buy this over Dell's 2n1 that I have with a Core I7 for $699? https://www.microsoftstore.com/store/msusa/en_US/pdp/Dell-In... I will even go a step further. For most people, the Performance of a 2008 era Core 2 Duo 2.66Ghz would be enough for non gamers. I have an old business Dell laptop with those specs with 4Gb of RAM running a Plex Server and PlexConnect with Windows 10 and it feels fast enough when using it once you turn off all of the antivirus programs. I don't think I would be able to tell the difference between that and my Core I7 if I maxxed out the RAM to 8GB and added an SSD drive. And if you choose non-Google Android, you don't get a lot of the features that make Android, Android. Google has been close sourcing huge chunks of Android over the years. I'm not saying it wouldn't be a problem for some, but how would Apple's "culture of secrecy" affect Lattner? Apple didn't just release Swift as open source, they released the entire commit history even before it was open source, the future planned roadmap of Swift is discussed openly on a public email list, and the whole Tool chain down to llvm is completely open source. In 2011, I was "laid off" from my job along with almost everyone else when the scraps of my company was acquired. It wasn't a surprise to anyone that this day was coming, management was completely open with us about the dire situation of the company and most of us stuck around until the bitter end hoping that our options might be worth something (they weren't) or that we would get a severance. From looking at people's LinkedIn profile, everyone from developers, to managers, to the L1, and L2 tech support staff had better jobs within a month. Once recruiters got a whiff of the company being in trouble, they started contacting people. Don't ignore recruiters. I have 15 recruiting contacts from different companies in my contact list. I put "laid off" in quotes above because immediately after I was laid off, I did contracting work for one of my company's clients (based on a written agreement they had with the acquiring company). After that contract was over, I spent a day contacting every recruiting company I knew. Three days later, I had a phone screen with a Fortune 10 company, one day after that I had an in person interview. By that evening I had an offer letter. At the time, I was a an experienced developer but a middling .Net developer trying to get into full stack development. Moral of the story, aggressively reach out to people, recruiters aren't evil, study up on interview prep, and don't be afraid to take chances on going after jobs that you might feel that you are not 100% qualified for. I've conducted about a dozen interviews over the past four years. I don't care if you meet all of the bullet points. I care if you are "smart and gets stuff done." And if you are an aggressive learner. That's true for every company. I work at a private mid sized unknown company as the developer lead. I can't go out an publicly speak about what's going on at the company or their roadmap even to employees at other locations or sometimes to my own team. Even though I'm not officially management, I'm privy to information for planning purposes that the company may not want to get out Do you think that Tesla is going to allow him to open source the self driving car software he will be working on? Even though he's not working at Apple, do you think the head of the Swift project is going to refuse to take a pull request from him? Unemployment maxes out in most states between $350-$450 a week. "Colleges rarely teach you what you need to know professionally - they can't, tech moves too fast. Instead, they teach you how to learn what you need to know. This is an important distinction because it should inform your approach to your professional growth." That's B.S. that lazy college professors use who have their heads so stuck in academia that they don't take the time to keep up with technology. Technology stacks don't change that fast in the enterprise that they couldn't do a better job of preparing students and teaching them how to hit the ground running at a company. During the beginning of 2013, for standard enterprise development, Java and .Net along with Bootstrap and Jquery were popular - they still are used today. Back in 2013, the databases that were used in the enterprise are still popular today. iPhone and Android were the most popular mobile platforms. Sure keeping up with the latest front end framework may not be easy to teach, but courses in JavaScript, CSS, etc would still be enough. As John Siracusa* would say. Apple is just making the "naked robotic core". Different people have different needs. But USB-C by itself is the most versatile port that has been released for a computer. Sooner or later every thing will support it. Right now, an Android device that has USB-C is one of the most versatile phones available. https://www.google.com/amp/www.cnx-software.com/2015/08/29/c... That kind of doesn't apply when you're the head of Swift - an open source project where the whole roadmap is discussed on a public mailing list. Solving the issue that was mentioned about how to give an app developer a unique id for a device and still give the user privacy was solved problem with Windows Mobile before the first iPhone came out. The OS would give a developer a unique identifier for only their app that was different per app. To say that work is like "slavery" shows little understanding of what slavery was. If I don't go to work, I'm not going to have my feet cut off, be chased down by dogs or hung. I've quit plenty of jobs over the years. My livelihood is not based on my job. My livelihood is based on my having marketable skills so if I do get laid off, I can walk to my car, call a bunch of recruiters and have another job in two weeks tops. It's been that way for 20 years. Also, a factory job only "enslaves" you for 35 years if you don't live below your means and make life choices that allows you to save and get out of the rat race. My dad knew he couldn't work in a factory until he was 65 or 70. He saved, and lived below his means for 20 years and both of my parents retired at 55, young and healthy enough to enjoy life. I won't be able to retire that young because of stupid mistakes I made in the past, but that's okay. I can honestly say that I enjoy my job and have enjoyed my jobs for 20 years. Once I don't enjoy my job any more, I find another one. I could easily do this for another 20 years. I don't know if you consider factory work "unskilled work" or not, but as I mentioned above, my dad was a factory worker for 30 years before he retired at 55, my mom was a high school math teacher, before she retired. My mom came home, graded papers, took phone calls from parents and teachers (these days teachers do the same and respond to emails after hours), had to attend after school functions, and had to deal with politics, paper work, parents of spoiled children etc. and never got paid extra for it. My dad went to work at 8, came home at 5 and left the job at work. If he did have to work extra he got paid for it. He has a degree in accounting but said he couldn't imagine sitting behind a desk all day. I on the other hand, besides a few stints at contracting, have mostly been in the same boat - not getting paid overtime. I'm not complaining, I also get paid well, can work from home when needed/wanted and get paid to do work I would be doing as a hobby any way. My mom has a pension - she is a teacher. But my dad doesn't. True enough he had profit sharing but in reality that's no different than a 401K plan. He had a vesting schedule similar to a traditional retirement plan That and the abysmal upload speeds of cable internet providers. Comcast's 1Gbps option has 35mbps upload speeds and they charge more than both Google and AT&T. I pay $70 a month for 1Gbps symmetrical upload and download from AT&T - flat rate no additional fees or taxes. On my best computer, I can usually get 950Mbps+ up and down wired. My house is wired for gig-e throughout. I have a situation where a full framework was overkill but using Jquery was causing an unmaintanable mess when creating a dynamic UI. I took a middle ground. I came in and introduce Handlebars to the work flow. We still use Jquery, but our ui is created with simple intuitive handlebar templates/compiled functions. When we do start building more complex web apps, we decided on Ember since it uses Handlebars as its templating engine. Why does this article read like a bad attempt at SEO? And it takes a lot more resources than a device that doesn't have the overhead of Java.... We allow our 14 year old son to use Uber all of the time for our convenience/his independence but we used Uber for the first time last weekend during a "staycation". Out of the 6 drivers we had, 4 of them said they do it for a little extra spending money or to break the monotony of their day job. One of the drivers was a manager at Verizon's corporate office. When I was single and if I had enjoyed driving and wanted to kill some time, I could have seen myself being an Uber driver occasionally. I taught fitness classes a few times a week for years part time because I enjoyed it. It definitely wasn't for the money. I never thought that forcing cable companies to create apps for other devices was right. Forcing a company to develop software felt wrong. The issue is not that cable companies have a monopoly on delivering live tv to consumers. A consumer can get live tv from Sling, PS Vue, DirectTv Now and soon Hulu. They can purchase a $59 Roku stick for each tv and get all of the channels they want over the internet. The real issue is lack of competition when it comes to delivering internet that allows the cable company to have unreasonable data caps. There are also plenty of states that are passing laws that won't let cities build their own internet service. If more people had access to reasonable data limits they wouldn't need cable or the Sergio boxes. Luckily, I live in area served by Comcast and AT&T. I pay $70 a month for symmetrical 1Gbps internet and my house is wired for Gig E. I subscribed to Hulu, Sling, CBS All Access, Netflix (which I had when I had cable) and Amazon Prime. I also have a Plex Server. All six of our TVs have either Roku boxes or AppleTVs. If I had cable, I would be paying $50 extra per month just for box rentals and that doesn't include another $25 in HD Technology fees, Sports Access Fees, Network Access Fees, and other fees. Compromise: all traffic must be treated equally over land lines but allow wireless carriers to make deals. Two reasons I'm okay with this compromise. Landline broadband providers have no technical limitations on how much data their infrastructure can carry, but no matter how much money you through at wireless data transmission, there are limits to how much data can be squeezed into certain bands of the spectrum and some bands aren't conducive to cellular data. The second reason is that most people don't have a choice when it comes to home internet service - meaning no competition. There are plenty of choices with wireless carriers as long as the government doesn't allow consolidation. Exactly. I may look back and regret this later, but I don't see a circumstance where both my job will be outsourced and my skill set as a senior dev who can communicate architecture and business clearly and has developed soft skills won't give me a competitive advantage over cheap outsourced labor. Companies may have to do something unimaginable and invest in their employees who may not have the exact skill set they need and offer them training or give them time to ramp up.... "The gap is so big it is likely that employers will find someone over here rather than eat the $60k salary increase in some cases" I don't see the problem. I can't imagine a job that's only worth $70,000 being so "specialized" that it the company couldn't have found someone that was already in the U.S. to fill. The company was probably taking advantage of the program anyway to get cheap labor. "but for niche applications that can be pretty hard, you're talking people who have studied for years." How many people that have studied for years to become experts at niche applications are being paid only $60,000 a year - the current minimum for H1B Visas? I would think that getting such an expert is well worth $130,000 a year. I have a friend that use to live in Orlando, the cost of living is about the same where I live (a major metropolitan city that's not on the west coast). If I were to join a startup as an software architect - the person whose decisions were going to make or break the company - I would be asking more than 130K. My skills aren't really that "specialized" in the grand scheme of things. If my expertise was going to make or break the company, $130K is not that much to ask. That's life in any media. Where revenue for a category is very top heavy. I know the question says "other than pay", but money is the most important reason I work. I'm not going to take a job that pays less than what I'm making and I'm not going to stay in a job that pays $10,000 less than my market value under any circumstances. That doesn't mean that I will automatically leave for a job paying $10K more, that may be an outlier, but I won't settle getting paid substantially less than average for my skill set. My second priority is a "seat at the table". I won't work at a large company or one where I'm not visible to the people who decide my pay. My third priority is whether what I'm learning is relevant in the market. My peace of mind doesn't come from my job - it does come from knowing that I have an in demand skill set that has historically allowed me to get a job in two weeks to a month. Fourth, is of course freedom and flexible and a results oriented culture that is more concerned about getting things done than whether you work from 8-5. Meaning if I need to work from home occasionally come in late sometimes, leave early, etc it doesn't matter as long as I'm meeting deadlines. Only works if you have enforceable non-compete contracts to prevent your workers from leaving after you trained them, since most employers will pay a premium to get workers who are already trained and the original employer will pretty much never give salary bumps that high year-over-year since it would quickly bankrupt them. If an employer won't pay an employee based on market rates, when that employee leaves, they are going to have to pay the next employee they get to replace them at least market rate anyway and on top of that probably 30% more for a recruiters fee, plus the loss productivity while they are looking for a replacement, plus they are losing a person with knowledge of the company. I read something somewhere. A software dev manager asked his manager for a training budget for his employees. His manager asked him, what if we spend the money on training and they leave? The software dev manager asked his manager, what if we don't train them and they stay? Depending on the company, I'm usually considered a "lead developer", architect, or some other title that requires me to spend 30-50% of my time either in meetings with business people, designing, planning, or mentoring. I have trained hard for those skills. I don't see companies outsourcing software engineers , if all a developer can do is sling code around without understanding system development and architecture, they are no less of a commodity than the factory worker getting outsourced. How is this different from console manufacturers not making their software backwards compatible? If you want to preserve old iOS software that you bought, do a local iTunes backup and your apps are on your hard drive. For the forseable future, you will be able to buy used 32 bit iOS devices - just as people buy used consoles to play old games. That's the worse case, best case is that Apple keeps allowing older devices to run older versions of purchased software. I recently charged up my 1st gen iPad (last update 5 OS versions ago) and I was able to download older versions of apps - Hulu, Netflix, Crackle, Plex, Amazon Video, kindle, Spotify and Google Drive, -- from the App Store. The iPad 1 is too old and too low on memory (256Mb) to run Safari without crashing constantly, but the apps I mentioned still run well as does the built in mail and calendar apps. It works with Bluetooth and Spotify doesn't force you to listen in shuffle mode on tablets if you're not a subscriber. You can very easily install older versions of software. If you make a local iTunes backup, you can keep the apps and reinstall them locally. If you have an older device that doesn't support the newest version of the app, you will be prompted that there is an older version available that us compatible and be allowed to download it. The former option works on all iOS devices ever made, the latter works at least as far back as iOS 5 devices. Apple wouldn't need an ARM chip to allow iOS apps to run on Macs. I would think that all iOS apps are already compatible with x86. When a developer writes apps today using Xcode and runs the app in the simulator, they are running an x86 compiled version of their app linked against an x86 version of the iOS framework. It wouldn't be that much of a technical hurdle to polish the experience and officially support fat binaries that run on x86 and ARM. You can't restore local copies of apps that you backed up using iTunes in iOS 9? But you can download older copies of apps on a first gen iPad? That's weird if that's what you are saying. I was able to download older apps on my 1st gen iPad about a month ago. Edit: Are you sure it stopped working? You can't download an older version of an app on a non supported OS unless you either previously downloaded a version before on a compatible device or used iTunes and bought the app on a computer. Edit 2: Apparently you still can download the app to your computer directly using iTunes but you can't back it up to your device. https://www.google.com/amp/www.macworld.com/article/3125509/... It's not about sneering a VB. I don't see the use of it in 2017. I started using VB6 in 1999 - 2000. I was a pretty good C and C++ programmer, I could do a little MFC, I was pretty good at writing COM and DCOM dlls in C++, etc. but I saw a real advantage of VB to getting used friendly GUI apps done and the IDE was pretty good. I would often wrap c++ code in ATL wrappers to create COM objects to use in VB. But what's the real purpose of VB today? No matter how you look at it, either C# is just as easy as VB.net or VB.Net is just as complicated as C#. It seems just wordier and redundant. I'm not saying it's a good idea, but we are talking about Apple allowing IOS apps run natively on Macs. iOS apps are already running natively on macOS - but only if you have Xcode. Apple could really just include the x86 based iOS framework that it already has in the next version of macOS and tell developers if you want to run on Macs, just modify your UI to support a third target - you are already probably targeting iPhone and iPad - let Xcode bundle the x86 build its already doing while you're testing. As far as Intel based phones, that's even easier, tell developers they are realeasing an x86 based phone in the next year, either you bundle an x86 version - again you're already testing an x86 build every time you run the emulator - or you'll lose compatibility. Apple has never been afraid to abandon apps when it transistioned processors. The Android situation is different, if people have a choice between buying an Android device that is 70 percent compatible and one that is 100% compatible. The one that is 70 percent compatible is at a disadvantage. But if people want an iOS device and Apple switches to Intel and they lose some apps what choice do they have? I agree. With the exception of TVs with Roku built in. One remote that was intended to control the TV and the Roku functionality. I'm not competing with people who are willing to work for only $10 an hour on Upwork. There are plenty of opportunities for people who are skilled architects, and real engineers. Worse case, if I were either just starting in the industry or wanted to learn a new technology, I might take one or two low paying jobs to get practice and build a portfolio but that would be about it. Actually, a good recruiter can serve the role of an agent. They will look for opportunities for you because it's in their own best interest. But just like an athlete, you have to be smart enough not to get taken advantage of.