One thing I think that is missing here is that there is a category of app developers which are implementing NEW technologies (Machine vision, AR etc...) which need tons of funding but doesn't necessarily lead to further projects in the way that a true small business does. If people took the poster's approach, then those will never get funded and that technology will either languish or come from bloatware companies. It is hard to get those up and running because it is so leading edge and is not repackaging a social/mobile/local/aggregation etc... service. The whole VC world is looking for the billion dollar exit, which is entirely unsustainable and given it's history doesn't produce the requisite amount of major tech breakthroughs. It still boggles my mind that revenue has not been prioritized with many (most?) of the hottest companies in the last decade. That must be unprecedented at such a scale. That said, I don't think any investor ever thought their investments would have no revenue. I assume they just figured it would come through advertising, inadvertently making every new product a marketing tool. Incidentally PepsiCo released an interesting PDF document which revealed their redesign "process." http://bunnitude.com/misc/files/pepsi_gravitational_field.pd... I think that's the real headline here. I was under the impression that you couldn't install onto a non jailbroken iPhone/iPad without going through apple ( either App Store/AdHoc/Enterprise). This gives me hope that I am significantly wrong on that which would make my life much easier. Can someone confirm that? Thanks, that makes better sense. Since the site is down (HN DDOS) as I write this - I wonder how this compares to what the Manpacks folks are doing. Perhaps just a shorter timeline. That intro video is fantastic. Thanks for introducing this to me. I was at a startup event just yesterday and talked to an aspiring VC about a plan he had to build an incubator of sorts for people to bring ideas to and he and his team would build the team, marketing, production, sales etc... around it and the "founder" would ostensibly run the company and direct the enterprise. So the "founder" only had to bring the idea - and the rest would be done. At the back end, the VC would get their share as all do and the company and founder would be on their way. I have mixed feelings about this approach. On the one hand I think it would be very valuable to have a place where people with legitimately good solid ideas, but no experience could go and have them turn into something real. On the other hand ideas are dime a dozen and really mean nothing without execution - and it's in getting to execution that the product is actually worth anything. Learning all of that "stuff" is the core of what being an entrepreneur is about. Short circuiting that is a recipe for disaster in the long term where you have tons of one hit wonders - that barely get out of beta, or V1 and don't know how to use what they have built to build other things. I think there is value in re-inventing the wheel in most cases because you'll notice, when you have to do that, it's the real smart folks who recognize how the wheel is broken along the way and seek to improve that while developing their original product. That's where the gold is. If the goal is to give everyone a job, we are definitely on the wrong track. We should strive for the world where you don't actually need a job, then all this jobs "gained/lost" talk would be moot. I know I'm not the only one who has read Player Piano. Do you have any reference material or documentation for developing the javascript way? As a fairly new dev I would be interested in seeing that process as most of my "distribute outside of app store on ios" queries to the web say without jailbreaking, its impossible. I can see it now: a Lidar and autonomous system integrated on my Tesla S. This has been known a bit longer than this article mentions. The Western States 100 orginated from the Tevis Cup horse race [1] when Gordy Ainsleigh attempted the race on foot in 1974. While not directly racing horses it was the first known ultradistance man v horse footrace 1: http://www.ontherunevents.com/news/0231/ws01.htm I think that is a poor comparison. I think a better one would be booting someone out of a jury in an auto accident case if they work in/own an insurance agency. The juror has something to gain with the legitimization and precedent that his jury will decide especially in such a high profile case. Diminishingly so for someone in an auto case. So they are slowly moving towards a smaller iPad. >No RC Li-Po batteries incorporate Smart Battery controllers What technical impediment is preventing someone from building said controller? > But organic options may live up to their billing of lowering exposure to pesticide residue and antibiotic-resistant bacteria That is the entire point of buying organic. I dont know anyone (sampling bias) that thinks organic has anything to do with nutrient content. That's what non-gmo is for* * in some cases So, this seems fairly intuitive to me - mostly because I have been trying to build one of these for predicting strategic actions by states ie: when is x country going to launch a missile. I am curious what they are using as their heuristics for developing solutions and how they are determining confidence intervals (my guess: number of samples). It is actually pretty easy to build a process that "fills in the blanks" the hard part, obviously is getting those blanks correctly. In my experience that takes a fairly deep set of expert opinions and coherent "causal" node programmatics which have assigned confidence intervals. Not to mention the fact that people are going to be scrutinizing this data and if it is wrong, they are going to lose faith in the system, and quickly. When you talk about implementing this on databases however, either the blanks which are being filled need to not be critical processes which require precision or they need to iterate corrections very quickly. In the end I think this is useful for non-critical products which users can correct if necessary. If however they have a novel solution with a significant history of "right" answers, they may be onto something in machine learning. It's always possible to create an index fund portfolio. Buying really isn't worth anything if you never plan to sell however...so. California and the entire southwest however, have garages; which serve the same purpose with respect to the entrepreneur assertion. So I wouldn't go debunking anything so quickly. Basically: "He made it all about 'me' and that's the thing, as an investor, I love the most." In all seriousness if you truly want to know how to do something great, go to someone who has done something similar successfully before and soak up their knowledge. At the end of the day though, if you want someone you don't know who has never heard of you to invest in you, you have to stroke their ego a bit. These principals apply equally within large organizations too. So once your startup is humming and a few years, even decades old, you now have an HR department and a law firm who works solely on your suits, remember these things. The difference however is that instead of a new and massive muscle movement, it will be refining and pruning the tree to make things more efficient, cost effective and empowering. Perhaps I am mistaken however no one is calling anything dead, they are simply switching strategies. In my opinion B2B wins hands down when the product could be used equally by businesses and consumers at a minimum. When I started VisiDraft a year and a half ago, my strategy was B2B because my clientele would be using the product for work. I could as easily have structured my plan to have a consumer facing application but based on what I encountered it was a no brainer. Microsoft, Apple, HP, IBM all of these name makers started as B2B companies. Why? Several reasons. You only have to sell to a few people, making your traction and revenues immediately positive. In addition, it allows a much more intimate feedback loop for iterations when you actually work hand in hand with another business designing solutions for them. you are basically getting another partner with domain expertise - you don't get that with B2C. It allows you to grow without losing a huge chunk of your business - in my experience most companies don't want anything to do with owning a chunk of a start up. I am quite confident that no one is saying that B2C is over, and in fact a good number of software developments don't fit into a B2B model. Where there is equal ability to face consumers or other businesses, I will always opt to the business. The last thing I will say is: Businesses around the world are sitting on +2T in cash right now. VC's aren't anywhere close to that and they rely on consumers to go buy things, which is looking pretty flat currently at least in the US. Go where the money is. There is a massive difference between domain specification based on comparative advantage and economically irrational behavior, so let's not give too much validity to these decisions even if we are speaking about subjective decisions. It could be claimed that the "effect" that they get from the purchase or the cachet that comes from owning this Veblen good outweighs the $50 in marginal cost. I would argue however that it remains irrational, but well within the range of irrational behaviors that humans exhibit more or less constantly. Wasn't app.net largely using similar sounding arguments to reasonable effect? This isn't anything new. >I want to be really clear: Instagram has no intention of selling your photos, and we never did. So they have come out directly and said they don't have a way to make money then? >Nor do the limits themselves have any effect whatsoever, since there is no oversight whatsoever What kind of specific oversight would you be satisfied with? There are after all FISA Courts explicitly for the oversight purpose: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Foreign_Intellige... It's clearly at the request of said capitalists, what with rent seeking behavior, quest for monopoly power and whatnot. At the D.C. TechMeetup groups you can always expect to have a public policy aspect to the tech offerings the problem is the majority of these fail. As someone who works in the government and is part of the start-up culture, I can tell you: these attempts are typically terrible at coming up with ways to blend tech and bureaucracy. I have no idea why. Well, not no idea. I think the main hurdles are as follows: 1. The people who make the best change in industries or start-ups are people who have been working in it a while. 2. Few people who have worked in government are the types to become high-growth entrepreneurs. They exist but in general the mindsets are reciprocals. 3. It takes a long time (in start-up time) to understand how a federal/state/local government does things. Anyone who wants to make a mark from the outside isn't going to identify a problem/solution efficiently. So anyone who has a real solution has likely been in government for 5-10 years and is established in a comfortable position - not likely to break out. Not only that they probably have schooling in something political science-y/history/etc.. versus math/CS/physics 4. As a general rule, it takes a long time (infinitely long in start-up time) to actually get a federal/state/local government to implement anything. Part of this is by design and the other part is incompetence or ignorance because they have... 5. Really really poor understanding of how to implement technology. For example $25,000 for a shitty 4 page web 1.0 government website because that is what was budgeted and Booz Allen took the contract because... 6. ...they promised to make the whole thing comply with the IT requirements (ie: IE7 is the most recent browser) and security requirements. So yea. It's kind of hard to solve tech problems for the government. Even moreso, having whole programs handed over from the government to a bunch of 18-30 year old's who haven't made all the right friends and gone to the right schools. Those were my exact initial thoughts. I am surprised this isn't the most highlighted aspect to be honest. Nothing new here. School isn't for learning. it's for learning how to "toil." http://www.overcomingbias.com/2010/08/school-isnt-about-lear... Exactly my thoughts, HubSpot is just over 300 people. That's tiny. I think these recommendations are too vague for truly large organizations like Google, Cisco, MSFT etc... C.R.E.A.M. my friend, it all comes back to the C.R.E.A.M. If you take out the ones who were billionaires by inheritance, and then look at those under 50, all but 5 are well connected beneficiaries of the fall of the Soviet Union. The other 5 made their money in IT (Dell, Bezos, Zuck, Brin, Page). >I'm sorry, but there's no way that any person's individual contributions to society are worth 3-4 orders of magnitude more than most other people's. Why not? Just because it was likely timing, doesn't make the impact less great. Your point seems to be that such a person isn't inherently that much better than someone else. Ok, but no one is inherently that great. 90% of "making it" in any of the senses is timing and placement, so it's really all relative. By being able to post on HN you are about the same magnitude "better off" in real wealth terms compared to a man in the Shomali plains than a billionaire is to you. Does that make your accomplishments better compared to that Afghani man's? I find this a sad commentary about your (and certainly others) relationship with your clients. This a month and a half after Boeing/Lockheed was derisive about Musk publicly: http://go.bloomberg.com/political-capital/2012-12-18/musk-vs... >Enterprise sales is undergoing the most radical shakeup since the turn of the century, and today’s experiments will be tomorrow’s best practices Ok, so what are some examples of this radical shaking? The author gives plenty of examples of the old guys "new ways" - back when they were new - but I am not seeing the new radical-ness described the article or the one linked. I wish this meme would die. It really just taints everything we are trying to do with Strong AI. England served jail time and was dishonorably discharged. The others in Abu Ghraib were also punished in accordance with General Court Martial proceedings, so I'm not seeing the "ZERO punishment" part of that. I am missing the part where I am morally impelled to subsidize poor decision making. This applies specifically to the flood plain example - though there are some corollaries to health care; eg. people eat bad food and smoke etc... which leads to increased costs. The post states that flood plain knowledge is high - and the data is easily available. So why should I help someone if they are knowingly taking a risk? The point of taking a risk after a risk-benefit assessment is that there is a payoff that would be greater with the risk than without it. If you shift the cost of the risk away from the principal agent, then there is no impetus to optimize your decision. So again, why should I absorb your risk if significant and verifiable information is available? So the healthcare system - as described here - is largely benefiting the living members of the dying by helping them cope and transition into death. That is what I took away from this article. Great example of why Google's driver-less cars will be so successful, overall safer and why we should engineer our systems to remove as much complexity as possible for the users. The author mentions it at the end but this schedule is really only good for the asocial. I submit that unless you truly have a aversion to social interaction, it will get lonely. I know this because I used to work night shifts and pretty much had this schedule. You end up losing the period of socialization which is typically 4-10PM, where people go to dance classes, have dinners with friends, go get drinks etc... and things feel lonely. Prerna is a good CEO and did some great things at Khush which helped her acquisition. Even still this intro is maddening: >The freedom to work outside a traditional office was one of the main reasons I left the corporate world eight years ago, at age 23, to start a software company. Maddening because she spent about a year in that "corporate world." Hardly a good sampling period. I don't disagree with her conclusions, however to cast that wide of a net seems a little cheap considering not all business structures and markets are conducive to the same flexibility "knowledge workers" have. Got it, Start up a bunch of day care centers (People seem to love to play with their kids on the weekend). > There are regional shortages, but in the vast majority of cases that's a corruption and infrastructure problem. This can also be said for most things which the globe has major problems with: Food, Education, Electricity etc... Don't forget, that 1C of potable water also took quite a bit of electricity and infrastructure to make clean (assuming we are discussing most modern western water systems based on water treatment and not pure well water). It is worthwhile, to examine how necessary aspects of our consumption are, in order to be more efficient and use fewer resources. >I think the first thing people should ask themselves is: Why are you trying to get into this scene without any skills? For the same reasons anyone with no skills gets into anything. Some people glamorize things they don't know, others have a passion but were slow starters, other still know there is gold there, but don't have the experience to understand how to get it. I think the best thing is to be able to weed out the ones who truly are passionate about technology and are willing to learn. I would take someone super enthusiastic with an aptitude for learning and no technical skills over most others any other day. I would also point out that the author implicitly suggests no technical skill = no skills, though it could simply be sloppy writing. The community definitely needs more blog entries telling non-technical people to learn how to code. I think this is good advice but I have to nitpick one thing: as a former music director for a popular indie rock station, I have to disagree that listening to new music all day is "The coolest full-time job in the world." Joking aside, we adhere to his/pg's do more work principle almost to a fault. I constantly try to make it such that my customers have to do as little as possible to get our products to work for them and so far that has proven valuable. Scott's visit to D-Wave shifted his opinion. He obviously can't come out and say he changed his mind as a professional skeptic but it comes about as close to saying as much. http://www.scottaaronson.com/blog/?p=954 >especially the insinuation that he's dishonestly suppressing his newfound belief in D-Wave because he's a "professional skeptic". That wasn't my intent; moreso I intended to portray that he is emphasizing, and greatly warranted in this case, scientific skepticism paraphrasing his own terms. I don't think that is the opposite. This is great and really forward looking. I have been working on an AR project on the side for almost two years now and the things Abrash points out as problems are core issues that we are trying to fix (without using real world markers). Of the three core problems that he points out, tracking really stands out as the key differentiation for us. Adding to that, how the objects must remain fixed in space is really the factor that if solved would plunge us right into next generation AR. Improved latency is almost a nice to have at this point. I disagree with most of this because I don't think it is about money, but this part in particular underplays what in my mind is the largest reason entrepreneurs cannot stand large organizations: >Corporate politics and bureaucracy are just another obstacle that can be learned and overcome You can learn to navigate politics and bureaucracy, but you can't overcome them without becoming management - in which case your hands are generally bound to the same metrics that your previous bosses were as well. If it takes 4 levels of review just to see if my project can be begun or to build a team to begin even MVP development, I don't want to be near that. It's too slow, access to resources, if available, are so tightly scrutinized that if there is any failure you can kiss future chances goodbye, attaching new hardware or software is a nightmare because the systems need to all be compatible on this network etc.. etc.. all make the large corporately integrated system terrible for the fast paced error>revise>error>revise cycle that entrepreneurs want. This is why the Valve model of flat organization is so appealing to many and spoken about in terms like "future of the workplace." I think the difference is in the contract agreement. The right comes from the user agreeing in writing to forbid doing certain things with the item. Given the fact that no one is being coerced into buying it I think the boundaries can be drawn pretty wide on those agreements. I think the question is, is it reasonable to assume that if the user broke the contract, the seller could repossess the item. I would imagine it wouldn't be any different than if someone didn't pay their car payment to the auto dealer/bank. In either case the user and seller agree to actions which each will take over a set period of time. I turned my wife onto EOM and she adopted it right away which has saved some time I am sure. I am also going to be using VSRE in upcoming messages where applicable. My approach is not so much your interaction to control a machine, more so how machines interact with your brain and body to guide your decision making. So think about BCIs and more broadly human machine interfaces for things like persistent heuristic mapping for memory augmentation (think along the lines of "tagging" events to neural activity - this might help with focused tDCS during recall) and in-stream blood toxin monitoring. >Sometimes I wonder, though, if we invented institutional Work to justify mediocrity, and make it OK. It's often portrayed as an oppression brought in by deceptive, aggressive Boss Men; but I also think people willingly participate because it's a way to substitute mediocre/subordinate social acceptance for the much more intermittent reward/thrill of genuine work. Very interesting hypothesis. If true, it would answer a lot of questions about poor performance of large organizations and also explain to me why so many people I have worked with are comfortable with said mediocrity. Care to tell which slide you thought that was? >On your left is a woman you don’t know, but she’s a friend of a friend of your cousin Irving’s roommate’s niece. Her name is Tina, a physics professor at the local university, and she likes extreme skiing, origami and baking. Tomorrow she’ll be giving a presentation. You can view her slides and video now, if you’d like, and scan her bio. You don’t. You think it’s interesting that her favorite author is Jane Austen and thirty-seven people “liked” a post she penned on the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle. She’s sipping what the computer deduces to be a green apple martini and your Google-powered submicro-computer advertises a selection of snacks to go with it, as well as a choice of vodkas and mixers, which you can order at the blink of an eye. Maybe later. That sounds amazing! I would probably filter it to give me specific results because I'm not as interested in some of those things than others. You are basically making the case that more information is bad. You also assume that humans will not augment themselves to become more rational with this data - which may or may not be true. My take is that the more that is laid bare, the easier it will be for all of us to finally become completely truthful and finally eliminate once and for all the different masks we wear allowing us to all be where we are most comfortable. So right now there is some person who is secretly leading a double life with a separate family and is also secretly into Pokemon and loves listening to Justin Beiber. No one knows about this because they hide their music in a hidden folder, go to sporting events and take a visit to Argentina once a month to visit the second family while ostensibly on "business." This person would be mocked, disgraced and the like for their thoughts and behaviors by different disparate groups. If instead this was all made open to everyone there would be a social demand that would likely end up synching that persons interests and desires with their actions. I am ok with ending social mores and hangups. >What exactly is the purpose of being here if all you are doing is somewhat stochastically deciding between a few sterile choices presented to you by a computer? As though you aren't stochastically deciding between a few sterile choices presented to you by your chain of previous deterministic actions >Mores, hangups, fantasy and wonder are what make up the Human True statement. Hence why a group of us are trying to transcend that humanity. As with all heuristic building there are benefits and drawbacks, but my main criterion for judgement is: Are these heuristics going to help you get better in the future? In general I find the answer is no, for the same reasons the author points out: Slower to adapt to a new environment. With faster rates of technology adoption older brains will be left in the dust as we start to capture their long term heuristics into models of social behavior that we can integrate into our decision models through our new technologies. Yet another high cost social signal that people woe over the loss of. Kramer had it right. Good riddance. Path tried that in the social network format but it doesn't seem to be catching on. I think I am in the minority when I say I am looking forward to continuous backup of my day to day activities whether it be through sousveillance or from others. I am not in the "if you don't have anything to hide crowd..." in the least and am certainly aware of the ability of those in power to abuse it. My take on it however is, I am going to just slough off the mores which I would have previously been concerned with privacy about. Catch me swearing when I shouldn't have? Oh well. Maybe I'll be less inclined to do it next time. What if I whisper a dirty idea to my wife? Well, what's wrong with a happily married couple doing what they like after all? After you have kids the idea of going to the bathroom in privacy slowly drifts out of the window - and why shouldn't it? It really doesn't make any ethical impact on me for someone to know if I am doing a biological process. My hope is, all of this will make us much more honest people. You can't embarrass/blackmail me if I cannot be embarrassed/ashamed. As I said in my post this is me being hopeful - I don't actually think it would work that way unfortunately. Ideally in your scenarios people would be able to release their own source data from their glass (or whatever) to provide context. The constant surveillance would be able to debunk all the stupid arguments against being gay, such as they lead deviant lives etc...; someone would be able to show a normal boring day coming home and having dinner with their partner and then falling asleep in the bathtub like everyone else. The idea is that in a society that is basically completely honest and open no one will hold a "moral high ground" so it would basically be impossible for information asymmetry and thus natural variation would ensure that there is no "norm." Again this is all hopeful, if doubtful. It's like observing an electron, once you take your measurement the outcome is forever changed. Some years ago (2008) research (1) demonstrated that traffic jams were chaotic dynamical systems and given a certain traffic density would be inevitable based on the variability of drivers. Here is a video demonstrating as such: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wm-pZp_mi0 I always found this fascinating. My hope is that the driverless car idea will take off in earnest and normalize the variability between drivers, making for a much more rational/logical commute. 1: http://iopscience.iop.org/1367-2630/10/3/033001/fulltext/ >IMHO any type of coercion or blackmail of any leader of any country is tantamout to an act of war against the citizens of that country. That is quite a bold statement and I think greatly reduces what nearly every government would consider an act of war to the lowest bar possible - namely embarrassment. An act of war is broadly something that would have a direct, immediate and lasting impact on a large segment of civilian, non-affiliated, non-combatant, non-hostile persons. Your ideas don't meet that threshold and persons within their own governments would likely be held to those same "war" declarations. It certainly can be argued, but I don't think it does by definition. My problem is that your distinction is false between foreign power and native power. If the same coercive actions (soft blackmail like with Rep. Wiener or Chappaquiddick etc...) are taken by other politicians or croneys seeking power in the same nation, people don't raise nearly the fuss - that's just "politics." See: Every negative election everywhere. I make no distinction - the end goal is that one group has more "power" or access over the others. Literally impossible to get rid of this quirk of politics with our biology. Making those things "Acts of war" is just untenable. Excellent reasoning, didn't think about the person protecting their data as the one escalating the situation. >We are not in a war, no matter what some say I guess it depends on your perspective. Maybe you aren't, but hundreds of my good friends are, at the behest of the president that, assuming you are a US Citizen, you had a part in electing (also, assuming you are a part of society). So the people who actually fund and execute wars think "we" are at war. I would say that should pretty much settle it. I wonder if it would have been much worse than it is now. See: Michelle Alexander's The New Jim Crow As a semi-unrelated note, as someone who has to watch a lot of near east homemade "terrorist" videos, this video gives a great western corollary to the incessant "Allahu Akbar" that is chanted throughout those videos. The "Oh my god" is almost literally a translation and is used in similar manner and contexts, though not all. This looks like an AMAZING trip. I am jealous as hell...if nothing else for the Rogue Whiskey. Fascinating anecdote! Like the author, I have the same, scattered detailed images of places/things/people from all over - but it is not sequential and it is not a searchable database. I would definitely echo the: "Now here's a random very specific memory to take up all your working memory and distract you from your actual task" type of daily interruption such a memory has. I would trade this "skill" any day for the ability to remember people's names the first time. At least for me I would say yes. I know I can think of my grandmother's house and immediately smell it. Maybe. I just know that I can do it and also have some overlap with the eidetic memory crowd. Whether those are disjoint groups or not I don't know. Does anyone find it ironic that the same folks who are anti-libertarian (not necessarily the HN crowd) and anti-tea party are strident supporters of a tea-party favorite congressman's amendment. The idea that such a group would rally around someone who they would not have voted for, seems strange. I am not sure if I should be proud that a citizenry can see past politics and rally based on substance, or if they are totally out of touch with how politics works. I wonder if there is room in the market to disrupt polling then. I have never been part of a poll but have heard similar bad things about their structure, so I wonder if anyone is out there trying to make it more accurate. I cannot stand having to watch a video in order to see what something is all about - especially if I am on mobile. I think having this quote from the "What we do" page on the main page, above or below the video, would be massively beneficial if nothing else: "Points of Light is partnering with Village Capital to launch the first startup accelerator program focused on “civic ventures” – enterprises that inspire, equip and mobilize people to create positive change." Simple. A sad fact of life is that sales and marketing are what distinguish successful products from flops. Regardless of the quality of your product, if users don't know your product exists, understand how it can solve their problem and have a efficient mechanism to adopt it, your product will die. Completely aside from the main point, but I am curious as to why the New Yorker chose to use umlauts for all of the instances of the word: "coöperate." It's a latin word so I wouldn't expect to see that. I wonder if it is a rendering trick or something intentional for tracking. Ah thanks! Never knew about that. >My issue is with the idea that society is some brittle construct that's reliant on (dis)honesty, and especially the idea that you would be angry at the person who leaked a secret rather than the person holding the secret. Well, I am sorry to say that in fact society is that brittle and you are being lied to in one fashion or another most of the time. I do want to clarify what I mean by lying though because it would be easy to interpret what I am saying as conspiratorial. In fact what I mean is that your information diet is nearly completely full with selective information, weasel words, legalese and implied trust. The constructs between nations and even within our nation are the same and often worse than interpersonal relations. So the reason that you trust any entity is not because they are moral pillars, its because they don't show you the questionable things that people do on a day to day basis that make little difference. This is exactly the argument against the widespread intelligence gathering - everyone is doing something illegal at pretty much any time. Similarly everyone, whether they know it or not lies to others on a daily basis ( http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/homo-consumericus/201111... ) So yes, it really is that fragile and it is insanely magnified at the global politics level way beyond you would even imagine. >The US government feels alright with the fact that they have publicly declared anyone living outside the US a possible enemy. I disagree with this. The people who are tasked to prevent foreign powers from attacking, destabilizing or hindering U.S. intentions have a stated mission to prevent them from doing so and as such have that as a minimum starting point. If you look at the other arms of the USG, namely the State department their charter is exactly the opposite, building partnerships, making friends etc... So yes, the DoD and CIA view the rest of the world as hostile to the US by default. That's what they are there to defend against so it would make sense. That said, there are tons of building partnerships, humanitarian relief and international relations missions stemming from the DoD to foreign allies and partners. Its actually growing quite a bit - and likewise makes defending the nation against materiel proliferation, attacks, espionage etc... harder. I think this is a fantastic interpretation and hits some of the nails on the head. >The yardstick by which you've chosen to determine if a job is "worthwhile" is whether anyone would notice if those workers disappeared. This is how I judge mine and others' work on a normal basis. As a result, I have always been jealous of those who are ultra-specified because they are the literal choke points of production or whatever effort is happening. Thinking about it more though, it would seem to me to make sense that people should be fluid between capabilities. Much like you are instructed to diversify your investment portfolio, perhaps you should be diversifying your skill sets. The trouble there is that you end up a jack of all trades and master of none. This leaves folks like me in a gulch - and generally always dependent on a subject matter expert to get things done in nearly any domain. On the flip side I can move between domains fairly fluidly at a reasonable if not sufficient level of competence to get the job done - making my core skill the skill of persuasion (to hire people onto my teams etc...). I don't know if there is an answer to this problem here but I think it might be worth thinking about more. Cheers! I would love to see that happen, but I don't think we can handle it from a biological perspective. We are too emotional, vain and have too muddled an understanding of our own goals and volition to be able to be honest even with ourselves let alone the rest of the world. It just doesn't seem feasible without some kind of widespread cognitive change. To wit, from the front page of HN right now: "Fukushima leak is 'much worse than we were led to believe" http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-23779561 Indeed you are correct that the truth will come out and I am the first person to support full transparency. I do know however that in this example, if the Japanese said they don't know what they are doing, please help - the people in charge would lose their jobs immediately. So it's not just a one way street with people being honest, it is also the public and everyone who has a voice understanding that there is a difference between incompetence, hostile intent and accidents. People at the basic level demand perfection from people in power - so those in power do everything that they can to make it look like they are either infallible, or are victims. In one way or another how we as a society respond to failure that will determine how truthful we can be. If we continue to have the zero fault mindset for those in power, they will continue to lie. I think those are all totally reasonable and justifiable feelings. I agree in general that our military/intelligence arm has been carrying the US brand the loudest since 9/11. I think that was by design. I won't argue whether that is good or bad, because I could make the case either way. My intent was to say that yes the self protective parts of the government are going to be inherently anti-foreign, by design. I think what your comment adds is basically replying to that with: "Ok, well if you guys make that part of your government the loudest and strongest part to the rest of the world, we probably will stop liking you guys, and will stop wanting to play with you." I think that is a very valid criticism. It is one for the legislators and the public to take on however, not the arms of the government that are intended to protect it. >And if you’re wrong about a bunch of things, you’re obviously not as smart or as good or as worthwhile a person as you previously believed. These are all true statements. Most people are not as smart or good or worthwhile as they believe, myself included. That makes true rational implementation of policy extremely unlikely . Kind of like Capitol Bells? http://capitolbells.com/#about-the-app I recall the creator talking about this at length on reddit or somesuch in recent months. Also Direct Democracy is a nightmare. See: California. Arnold Schwarzenegger outlines why his attempt at making most of his major issues ballot initiatives in his first term was a disaster in his book Total Recall. He markets himself very aggressively, which I think is pretty good. Last year he did the run across America with Regis and whoever he is with now. He has written a few books and is always at ultraraces...he was the starter for the most recent Ultramarahon that I did. This is why the idea of a basic income has taken off within the futurology crowd (including myself). We have to do something about these folks and fairly quickly because it will be upon us soon I think. I think this was excellent observation - one that I did not make the first time around. I am unsure if I find it compelling that there is some utility in having a person there for the human contact piece. If you were able to remove the person and retain the usability within a non-human interface (to an equally useful or better replacement) would people say "I wish there were a person here?" I would like to say no for most cases, I think there are a few people who would prefer that almost in spite of the efficiency gain. This strikes me as odd. As a parent (dad) of two, I wouldn't ever dream of feeling odd about holding either of my kids' hands - or even for that matter chasing them down when they run away screaming (which happens often). Just a counter data point here. As usual, Randall Munroe was basically correct in identifying the best way to get into closed systems: http://xkcd.com/538/ Find the weak points in a system, which are more often than not, the pink fleshy things using them. I think pg is pretty remarkable in the fact that his blog is nearly this - save the side bar and the odd link here and there. I certainly prefer that to the geocities/myspace level of razzamatazz. Very morbid - a lot of endings and very few beginnings. I think that makes a case for the inauspicious HN post not giving a great indicator of start-up success. For example if it were the other way around I would expect to see many many more show HN posts on this list. I have fought the encroaching light battle for almost 25 years. It's not as easy as the author makes it sound while still having a normal human looking room. Here is the pack-rat/shut in version: If you have any windows in your room the only real solution is some combination of a lightproof sheeting (light proof fabric, aluminum foil etc...) and light proof adhesive (black gaffers tape is the best or aluminum foil tape). Since there are very few window frames that give good clearance around them for affixing things, and don't have wild trim or corners the latter material really makes or breaks your situation. Congratulations, now you have to work on your door. Door sweeps usually do a good enough job but those pesky door cracks can be a nightmare. The easiest solution to this is a blackout drape hung over your door as though it was another door. Reasonable people can disagree about whether to put this inside the room or outside the room - as long as you have a good "seal" on the sides and top it should be fine. This causes problems for egress if needed however. The last and simplest thing is to just move all devices that cause light completely out of the room or disable their persistent light sources completely. The good citizen version: Using your standard draping you will need to sew blackout fabric to the back of your draping with basically no gaps. Stitch Witchery does not work. Hot glue peels away. Sewing is the only reliable option. You will then need to choose your affixing method. I personally like using neodymium magnets, but in the quantity that you need them, they get pricey. They are also more complicated to line up. The easier version, which is still pricey is to use industrial strength velcro. You will have to measure and line up near perfectly where you affix the velcro on the drape to where your hooks/loops on the window/wall go. This is way more complicated that it sounds in practice - again because windows rarely are simple flat squares with no trim. Affixing to the wall/window is always a tradeoff. Anything that "sticks" will peel off eventually and take any paint with it. If you nail/staple it on, now you have holes in your wall. So pick your poison. Even after all this work, you will still likely have some leakage. That is where the extra fabric comes in handy to drape over the velcro sides. In general it will cover you night or day, but this one is really hard to get perfectly. Treat the door the same - generally you can have the drape roll up during the day without issue. This option lets you open the windows and drapes with minimal amount of tell to your mole-like behavior. It ends up being cumulatively a lot more work however. I have tried to think up simple consumer solutions (I see lots of aluminum foil in windows -- watch you'll see it too now)to this, but windows are so damn variable that it is near impossible and the only major consumer solutions right now are not worth the price. Great point and I should have added that because it is my solution now as well. FWIW if you have the opportunity to snag a sleep mask from an Emirates international business or first class, do so; it is by far the finest I have used and mine has lasted 6 years now. That is a personal preference in my opinion and largely rests on how much you think your sleep would be impacted by those sources. For me it is not the point to match a "natural" (whatever that is) sleeping environment. Rather, it is to reduce the number of things that will disturb me while I am trying to sleep. I don't prefer to wake up when the sun comes up mostly because I don't prefer to sleep when it goes down. So it is a guarantee that I will want to be asleep when there is a significant light source outside my house. Eliminating that will optimize my sleep. End of story. Would you make the similar protest if they complained about their tax dollars going to wars and spying? This is a great example two fallacies in one post. The first is a fine ad hominem example: "This is just stupid" -> Links to the author -> He is not qualified. Does not refute his claims The second is the Hasty Generalization fallacy: Referencing a single instance as indicative of all areas >He caused a bank run, which is all about balancing predictions with risks. It's all about evaluating economic impacts. He is entirely unqualified to make the statement above from that single data point alone. Oh I won't refute that, perhaps he is unqualified. That doesn't however refute his argument. It only states that you'll have to look at the argument that much more carefully because he is not likely to be a great source. What is common with folks justifying the ad hominem is that it is really just a short hand for the argument from authority fallacy. It is implicitly advancing the idea that the merits of the argument rest on the person giving them as though if it were someone else it would be more correct, which of course is wrong. I think it is reasonable to assume that most people look at the person making an argument and if they are confident in the person, they will take the argument as a truthful assessment. To me though this is lazy and essentially delegates reason, so IMO it is always worth identifying. The thought is generally good but it overshoots the solution I think in one key respect: consumer priorities. I think for this post you are conflating consumer spending with luxury spending. If indeed there were a single minded "consumerism" that strictly identified more or less meaningless items (luxury goods) as the key consumption then I would agree. The fact is however, "consumer driven economy" simply is distinguishing an economy that predominantly privately spends more than it publicly spends, saves or invests. To that point, I agree that we should be automating more things to free up all of our time. I hope someday to automate food production so that it can actually come full cycle, so there is definitely something there. That is certainly not the only required good, but I would argue it is the #2 behind water consumption. I also wouldn't disagree that most folks are working for more luxuries. Remember I agreed that we should be working for fewer luxuries. The issue with food is that when you factor in everything, to include environmental impact, good sustainable food is actually very expensive. I am also including the logistics that go into food delivery and the significant amount of waste and impact it causes [1]. [1]: http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/plugged-in/2013/09/12/un... > A little guy with a legitimate patent may have difficulty convincing large corporations to pay a license fee. I think the key distinction is that "legitimate patent" would seem to have a different definition for the USPTO than it does for the technology industry. For example USPTO considers sending a scan to an e-mail a legitimate patent, while I would venture to guess the tech world does not: http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2013/04/meet-the-nice-guy... So yes, some of these are so broad and obviously just there to make a buck - like the swipe option. The idea of a patent was to ensure that the creator who had spent considerable time, energy and money creating the invention was ensured that for some period he could benefit from that. Being the first person to patent something which is simple and often thought up does not in my opinion meet that threshold. Currently there are about 1 million people who do this on about as regular a basis and they are the members of the US Military. So it's not as rare as it would seem. It is a little different, but in reality not so different as to not be applicable. For most of us, it is exactly what we want to do - we like to see new places and get new experiences and it often is great. The toll is also pretty tough for our families and there are plenty of stories and studies about those impacts. For those who like it and it works, great, but often even if kids say they like it, there are things that they don't talk about that impacts them regardless. >During the semester, they spent an average of 123 minutes a day on a computer, by far the biggest portion of it, 31 minutes, on social networking. The only thing they spent less time on than e-mail: hunting for content via search engines (four minutes). This one really bugged me out. I would have expected that they would have been using their knowledge tools to access knowledge - which is probably at least 50% of what I do with my smartphone and 70% of what I do on my laptop. Hopefully they are seeking knowledge through other means and aren't just ignoring one of the best advances of all of mankind. I think it is hilarious how Jobs basically reinvented the wheel when it came to operations security, when there have been major organizations doing secret things for decades that he could have pulled the lessons from. Not for nothing Gary Brooks Faulkner supposedly "attempted" to assassinate Bin Ladin. http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405274870400980457530... As a father and graduate student let me tell you that we use libraries A LOT. There is no way I would buy the amount of kids books (or e-books) that we go through in a month in lieu of a library. As for the grad student part, I use the library largely as a research tool, which means utilizing materials that were pre-e-reader as well as the research staff. Safe to say that there is much much more to libraries than checking out the latest books. I am firmly in the Schiller camp, however I did just buy a home. It was a tough decision for me but I think it was rational. I say that because I am fully aware of the statistics of home ownership as well as its historically poor performance. The prime reason that we purchased a home is because we could not renovate and open our basement for business in a rental property. Overall our net costs of home ownership now are eclipsed by the amount we are making from being able to do the things only home owners can. The other major reason is that for us, even when factoring in estimated maintenance costs, we would pay less monthly on a mortgage than we would renting. Even if we lose some home value over the period that we are planning on living here (~6 years) we would see the return of some of it rather than none in a rental scenario. The bottom line is, this whole argument is much much more complex than what the retail value of your home is between the time you buy and the time you sell. As with pretty much everything, the economic costs are not captured in the pricing data. Thus Narcissus fell into the lake Honestly, I would have done exactly the same thing as him if I were in the same position. I think however we as founders can easily get focused on tracking metrics that in the end amount to fairly trivial things. They help us make changes around the margins, which can payoff big or just be small gains. I think what he did was a good exercise, however the whole post, analyze, post thing though is a tad navel gazing for my tastes. Nelson Mandela had a great quote on this topic in the context of his relationship or lack thereof with his children. I don't remember it verbatim but it was basically: You (my children) all taken care of you have what you need to live, I am working to make sure that the same is true for all the other South African children. That really hit home for me because instead of looking at spending more time with my family, I looked at using my time wisely toward massive structural goals which would have positive outcomes on the world population. >19-year-old women and 45-year-old men are adults free to decide to do what they want. If they choose to do something you disagree with, others disagree with what you do. The president was actively betraying the trust of his wife and family, so in fact it wasn't as libertarian as you make it seem. Beyond that, the memoir clearly shows massively inappropriate behavior for a sitting president or anyone with such a power disparity, to include significant instances of coercion and actions which denigrate the position and shame the relationship he had with his wife. Shame on you for equivocating. The reason I state that is because the OP glosses over the positions and power dynamics at play, turning the prime actors into just two regular old people. Context matters and purposefully taking it out to make a point about moral relativism is disingenuous in my opinion. I feel I made a cogent, reasoned point and topped it off with a forceful reproach. Some people are more swayed by the former and others the latter. Baby steps my friend. >If it isn't in defense of incidents of domestic terror, what the fuck is it for? Terrorism is a small subset of what the intelligence community supports. The majority of intelligence collection is used for strategic military planning and political decision making. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Intelligence_Comm... I found a passage in this article apropos to the discussion last week about "greatness versus family" ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6601421 ): >But for the past eight years I had backed away from business and my firm, AlixPartners, to care for my daughters after the death of my wife. I was essentially “retired.” But GM’s enveloping crisis and my friendship with Wagoner would bring me out. I mentioned then, what I reinforce now: you will not be remembered widely (positively) for how good of a parent/husband you are. What Forbes published was not this man's struggle with grief and selfless devotion to his daughters. Alix did not write about how great of a father he was or how big of an impact he made on his children and family. The most important thing that Mr. Alix did was literally re-prioritize his time away from his grieving family toward the re-structuring of a massive organization. If and when the time comes to choose between time with your family and time creating your impact on the wider world, forgoing the latter in order to do the former will ensure that your legacy dies only a few years after you do. Great exposition. I don't know if there is a growing number of "us" but I do know that the ideas of basic income, automated industry etc...are seeming to become more pervasive. Especially as we are actually seeing the automation of driving (see: Rio Tinto/Google) and other goods I hope the ideas will start permeating beyond technologists and singulitarians. As someone who has worked in the security field the desire to want to help people is still overwhelming. I love PenTests and have had successful ones run on me even when I was vigilant and in the testers faces. The key reason why I think most confidence penetrations work is because in most cases the "system" doesn't work smoothly enough to not have usability issues. So when you know of credible people who are vetted but are still not "in the system" that becomes an instance of the "system" not working. Then, inevitably in the few boundary cases where it doesn't work, you get to the point that you know how it will break and will wave over anyone in that specific sitution. If someone knows of these specific "breaks" then by definition they will exploit those knowing that it is a common issue. If however you stick to the "I don't care what you say, you aren't in the system" then you are now "the inflexible security nazi." Security really is an ethos and it takes only a few pinpricks to make it crumble. >The government funded the early technologies that led to the Internet, venture capitalists are financed by nontechies' retirement funds, and laws passed in Washington can determine the tech industry's legal future. Right, and the Spanish and British founded modern America, what is your point? There is quite a bit of precedent for taking the ball from the previous players and starting your own game to their exclusion. It is staggering to me some of the salaries that founders give themselves. I remember reading a tip for pitchdecks/term sheets that if you put your founder salary as anything above 150k that is slightly too high for most offers. That is insane to me. I make less than 80k a year, in D.C., with a mortgage and two kids while I build on the side. A cursory glance tells me most founders aren't under such strict cost regimes. If and when I get funding and go full time I would take the absolute minimum to keep us fed and watered (~60k). How a founder could do otherwise to me is unconscionable. Apparently it would have in this case. That would have been two months of AWS for each founder, so saying it doesn't make a difference is clearly wrong. I didn't say pay yourself nothing - pay yourself the minimum amount you have to in order to keep your life from impeding your work. If that means you need luxuries to be comfortable, then your lunch will get eaten by someone who is more spartan. Great point. My father identifies as "white" despite being clearly non-white, however because of an adoptive ancestry does not have a clear picture, thus he took the race of his adoptive parents. I also select "white" on the form because I was brought up thinking that was correct. Only recently have I been selecting "Other" where available. So far for me government and medical forms have been the majority of the forms where it is asked. Funny enough, when I was in Munich, I was denied entry to a bar because I would "cause trouble." My German friend informed me it was basically because I looked Turkish. So in that case, while not on paper, my race was questioned. I think these are all fantastic things to implement but do you know how much pushback you get from engineers on this: Me: "Do you have a standup every morning, so that you know about schedule delays after at most one day?" In general folks HATE these, but I would love to hear other cases where people have found them successful. We are small enough that the conversation is ongoing so haven't needed to implement it. What I have done in other cases is the "walk-around" to speak to people individually rather than in a massive group meeting - and that seems to have been well received. The US Government uses a program called Combined Federal Campaign for this. CFC is an organization that funnels money to charities and acts as a one-stop shop for the contributors taking the choice largely out of their hands if they want to. CFC takes a cut of the money as part of the service. Apparently they do pretty well because they are still in business and "CFC contributions" are a core metric for many federal workforces (which is terribly misplaced in my opinion). So there is precedent for this type of service. Why don't I use it? Because it takes a cut out of my contribution and doesn't give me any indication that my money is being used towards good purposes. They have percentages of administrative overhead for each charity listed, but we all know that those are gamed. In Sum, you aren't solving the problem of making contributors feel as though they are a critical factor in making a change unless they see EXACTLY where their money is going - just like any business person. So charitable giving is always going to be low for people who want a high level of control and don't have enough money to just blindly throw at a cause and/or do it for the tax benefit. >Snapchat and Pinterest are worth around $4 billion dollars each. Evernote and Airbnb are each worth over $2 billion. Path is worth $550 million. By comparison, Peabody Energy, the largest coal company in the world which owns almost 10 billion tons of coal, is worth about $5 billion. I see fewer and fewer comparisons like these between tech companies and brick and mortar/commodity companies and I think it is a shame. To me such comparisons do more to highlight how broken the financial markets are, though I am not exactly sure why. It seems like investment priorities or consumer demands are out of whack when electrical utility companies (PEPCO) are valued less than social media platforms (FB). I'm not debating why things are valued the way they are, I am stating that I think such valuations indicate a critical flaw in the behavior of market participants. In aggregate however I think it is relevant. What it indicates is that there are more total capital interests in a website than in a basic necessity. My question then is: How difficult would it be to dissolve the core components of Airbnb vs IHG? I think the answer is trivial, and as a result they should not be considered equivalent. Can you perfectly substitute the holdings of IHG with the software of Airbnb over the long term? Could Airbnb create a market equilibrium point for non-resident housing in absence of brick and mortar hotels? I think the difference is that in your case tangible commodity assets are being compared to tangible commodity assets. Those machines can be re-sold, melted for scrap, re-purposed etc... Software has a much harder time in the secondary market. Funny you should mention that. I have a good friend (M.D./MBA) who designed and built a novel radiation therapy device to measure effectiveness. Patented, published peer reviewed and everything. He is in San Fran and has had basically no luck in finding funding to bring it to market or engineers to work on it with him. So it's definitely happening. That seems to be a trend with google now. I know that whenever I see something big and secretive happening around google I keep thinking "Is this when they are going to reveal their AGI?!" and it just turns out to be a party barge or google hangouts. I think you overlook the still overwhelming amount of impact your early upbringing causes on later life. Being born poor and living in poverty has the biggest impact on long term health due to both restrictions in linguistic development and brain health from a poor diet. There was a study recently that reinforced that poverty was the #1 determinant of long term educational attainment. It's too far a bridge to say that we are increasingly economically meritocratic, if anything some of the "meritocratic" tools we have are only benefiting those that can afford being outside of the mainstream. I think this should be re-stated that a group of respected researchers have revived Artificial Intelligence's original ambitions. In fact, there have been a handful of folks thinking and working on Strong AI/Artificial General Intelligence steadily for years. Ben Goertzel even started the conference [1] and journal [2] in 2008. One of the biggest things I see in every one of these conversations and threads is everyone assuming humans are actually good at things, as opposed to just marginally better than most other machines or humans. So people's standards for machine intelligence are way above what they would expect from human standards. Google translate is a perfect example. People were complaining about it here on HN the other day because it wasn't perfect, however in comparison to any group of average professional linguists (Some of whom I work with daily) Google Translate and some of the other machine translation services' accuracy for it's speed is light years ahead. People also forget that "Strong AI" and "AI complete" is always a moving target for benchmarking - and there is no benchmarking standard (No, a turing test isn't a robust enough test for an AGI). I posit that humans will never truly accept an AI as smarter than us until it dominates us. It will always be - well yes it can X, but is it really thinking? Does it have consciousness? Great questions philosophically, but practically it really doesn't matter. This is good though, I think if there is anything the human race should be working on it's this. Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING pales in comparison in my opinion. [1] http://www.agi-conference.org/2013/ [2] http://www.degruyter.com/view/j/jagi I can't help but think that, given the sample chosen, the results are significantly skewed towards the WEIRD [1] population. Not to say there aren't generalizable conclusions, however I would guess it is less informative for those living in poverty or in historically oppressed communities. [1] http://lesswrong.com/lw/17x/beware_of_weird_psychological_sa... In general I agree with you that this is unrepresentative for a nation as a whole - see my other comment for that. However one advantage of a sample like this is that significant independent variables like the ones you mentioned are widely held constant, which means that the evaluated variables will have a stronger power. So it is informative relative to others. It would be best to take this study into context with other studies which compare educational achievement and poverty level. Careful though, it is important to distinguish between storytelling about actual figures versus fictional or fantasy figures: Overall, children were more likely to solve the problem when it was told about a real child than when it was told about a fantasy character [1]. [1] http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/ulterior-motives/201311/... Well, with a flawed or skewed methodology, the conclusion isn't nearly as relevant. >Some VCs said, “We like you, but we need to do some more due diligence on the space.” Then they asked us for a bunch of hard-to-get stuff – market research, traction metrics, and better proof of growth. But even when we got them this information they still didn’t say yes. That one is the classic "weak leader" no. I had this happen to me while I was still in college. Where I went everyone had specific rules for each class, where the seniors had the most leniency, but were still not given real freedoms. As part of a negotiations class, myself and three others had to create a topic and then negotiate a deal with someone. I chose to negotiate more freedoms for the seniors with one of our top officials. We did a ton of background research on why and how and implications etc... We gave our pitch, answered lots of "tough" questions and afterwards asked "So are you willing to make the change?" The response was a fantastic display of political wriggling but ended up with basically this response: "I think this is great you guys, but here is what I need you to do so we can make this happen. I need a legal review from 4 different legal disciplines, then I need to see a study of expected outcome effectiveness for your proposal, then you will need to do a poll of the student body to see if they would accept it. Only then, will we be able to make a truly INFORMED decision." I saw the NO from a mile off that day, so I said thank you, got my A in the class (Despite not getting to any BATNA) and went on with my life having seen what a disguised NO really looks like. I am confident even if I had done all that work the answer would have still been no, I just would have put hundreds of hours into getting a firmer no. Yep, in this case there was no negotiated agreement and no alternative so it was just a hail mary "negotiation." In contrast, other groups negotiated things like the cleaning of a microwave between roommates, so we were given a little slack for formal technique because of who we were pitching to. Docomo is also widely used in Oceania and other pacific island nations This is great and needs to be said more often. I feel as though I am the opposite. I absolutely love math, but I am terrible at it. I have taken tons of math, both formally in undergrad (up through diff eq) and on the side on my own. I struggled like hell through Calc 2 because I just couldn't visualize the transformations. I still feel like I want to take two years off and just start over from scratch. Ooh, this one is really good. Also heartbreaking as someone who invested a TON of time into making personal investment calls. I definitely learned this one the hard way. One thing that I would add also is that investors don't seem to want to be introduced to you by their non-investor/non-business contacts, so their friends and acquaintances. I learned this one also because I figured that would be a good approach. What seems to happen in this case is the "stink" on you gets transferred to the intermediary and the investor picks up on it. That's kind of an extreme leap. I read this back in 2005 and it impacted my thinking a lot. After delving deeply into anarcho-capitalism and the whole "Mises" thing however it's very much a long shot political philosophy that doesn't seem to understand how humans work - typical then of Economists (Full disclosure my BS was in Economics). I would instead recommend Bryan Caplan's "The myth of the rational voter." I think the business of being an entrepreneur selects for such traits. The whole notion of "disruption" that is central to so many of the ideas floating on HN, is rooted in the arrogance necessary to make them work. This is amazing. I can see this changing the face of distant interaction by leaps and bounds. We never cease to amaze. I read the whole thing and then read this part: >3. This Is About Power, Not Security. The CBP goons want U.S. citizens to answer their questions as a ritualistic bow to their power. Well, CBP has no power over me. I am a law-abiding citizen, and, as such, I am the master, and the federal cops are my servants. They would do well to remember that. Why would they do well to remember that? Do you have some kind of power that you can press on them? The last I looked CBP/ICE/DHS can legally make your life hell while you are in their control, so I am wondering if there is anything realistically you can do. >As a consumer, I say screw the internet of things. I think this is attitude is throwing the baby out with the bathwater and just assuming the worst. The usefulness of knowing when something in my refrigerator is outgassing something harmful, remotely accessing how much flour I have left so when I am at the store I don't overbuy, or dialing in my energy usage are all very smart and efficient uses of the technology that make my life better and more cost effective. As with everything the key to adoption is getting the user interface correct. The companies who are working on these things just haven't gotten that part right. I think it will take an industry approach to make these things work; a naiive example would be a milk carton that by default talks to the refrigerator about spoilage and quantity levels. I still use Winamp as my main musicplayer - it's customizable, import/exports to iPod easily, doesn't spam me with updates, doesn't force me to buy things through it, reads basically every format and above all it is really light. It's a shame - seems like it died because it doesn't have a content purchasing mechanism forced on the user. >Overall, King.com spends over $350k (Source: King.com) a day on mobile ads and it can be assumed that the other 4 developers have ad budgets within this range. I have said this other places, but I will repeat it here. Kudos to them for finding (or creating) a successful niche with high demand. I find it sad though that sooo much money is going to marketing games that don't push technology further, or really fundamentally help things get better. You could argue that if you add up all the marginal increases in utility/happiness that are gained from playing any of the saga games that it might be a net gain, but I think that is a stretch. I find it tragic that this is how the market allocates resources (time and capital). Unfortunately "worth" in any functional sense is defined by the demand for it, so in that sense these are immensely valuable. That is my lament, that something with so little functional utility (outside of a dopamine reward loop) has captured so much voluntary worth. Here is one I responded to just over a week ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6729736 So they exist. Not sure how widespread it is, but I would also imagine that it's a larger group than would be apparent simply because most folks don't want to out themselves as "anti-democratic" the most ultimate of sins. I can't speak for any neo-monarchists but the thing I see the most is the theory of eliminating the wage slave all together through automation and a basic income. I don't think those goals are by virtue in conflict with democracy but I can see how they could be. Whether you agree with it's plausibility or not, I think that in and of itself is a worthy goal. MIRI has quite the history of shape shifting and hiring inexperienced CEOs - the list of which you can't find unless you know the history, so here it is: Michael Vassar, Michael Anissimov, Luke Muehlhauser. None of them have anything close to management experience. Peter Thiel is behind a good proportion of anything these individuals want to do which is interesting in and of itself to me. >With a democracy, you can't optimize the society to the same degree of perfection as you can with philosopher kings, but you also get to avoid the worst crashes. A great point; I like to think of Democracy as median filtering, it smooths extremes. Well since the poster advocated reading "Democracy the God that failed" which specifically posits that monarchy is a better system (Based on it's incentive structure), I would say that is about as close as you can get. Only when I disagreed with the extremity did the poster make up his new term. I think you are right though that it would be incorrect to label anyone as anything unless they explicitly stated as such. Agreed to some extent. I think certain types of governments would not allow that level of disengagement. >I’m a business man and a family man. I love collecting chairs and getting drunk on the weekends. I want to introduce all of these aspects to my network...Combining your identities, creates a synergy and depth to your online persona. Isn't this what Google+ has been trying to do from the start? These stories should be required reading. To that end the community would benefit massively from you documenting it. Just as there are Journals of Negative results [1][2] so too should there be a journal of failed startups. Your detailing of what caused the failures could save thousands of man hours and potentially someone falling into the same traps. Goal #1 for you right now is to get your family in order and steel the troops for tough times ahead as you get back on your feet. In short order though you should start simply documenting the process that led to your company failing. Not only will you learn from it but it will help others. If you are in the DC area don't hesitate to reach out to myself and my family. We have kiddos the same ages as yours so they would have a ball. [1] http://www.jnrbm.com/ [2] http://www.jnr-eeb.org/index.php/jnr I can't speak for your situation so don't take this as a goad, only my thoughts on the idea of doing a triage/after action/autopsy. I know that feeling. I have failed before and hard. I did however resolve to ensure that it wasn't for nothing by, as your co-founder suggested, dissecting it. What I found was that instead of it just being a downer, I realized how many good things were done and how many exciting developments, both personally and professionally came out of what was at the end of the day a failure. In the end the margin of failure can be tiny - but I would guarantee that you will also be able to find some massive successes in there as well. Adding to that the benefit that others would take away and I think it would be of great benefit. >This scientific field is called universal artificial intelligence How many times do we need to re-define the same concept? Artificial Intelligence, Human Level Artificial Intelligence, Artificial General Intelligence, Strong Artificial Intelligence etc.... Lets pick one as a community and stick with it. I thought AGI was in the lead there recently what with the conference, journal and high amount of web searches but apparently that isn't enough. Beyond that, I would like to see how they make their algorithm narrow for the narrow application of the Pac-Man game while keeping it generalizable. My guess is that they don't and this algo ends up being a "starting point" for narrow AI applications to rest on. In that case it's fine and interesting, but doesn't pass the test to integrating specificity within a general learning model. I really loved watching that old segment. Little things like Bob Simon saying "...gigabytes, whatever that is" really takes you back to that time before the ubiquity of computing. The other interesting thing was the discussion about selling user data and how unconcerned everyone was at that point about it. >In the real world, you can't "fly to this GPS point". If this were possible, we would have automated airplanes and pilots would be out of their jobs. These things don't follow. We actually do have automated airplanes and pilots jobs are really just there for passenger comfort, but that is because Autoland and autopilot utilize ILS' and other sensor data besides GPS to make it precise enough. So while your point about GPS alone being insufficient for precision delivery is correct, the overall thought that we can't do precision delivery is misguided. Much of this is great advice and I really like the idea of the pre-mortem. The only issue I have with this article is the point about not going to the C suite. I think that can be true of many services, especially ones that are free or low cost so that the users are actually building the momentum and can adopt the product at their level. Where it falls short is when you need a strategic partner or if you are looking for a big enterprise sale. The middle and lower levels provide the execs with the validation and market fit but don't have the authority to make those kinds of purchases, so you are largely wasting your time if the executives are not in the room. This is a fantastic writeup and should be required reading for all founders. Thank you for taking the time to write it all up. Kudos! That sounds really neat, I think I will start doing that with my daughter. I am away from home a lot so it might be something that we can do over the phone as our thing. This is a common theme around here lately: having time to ourselves to work/think without incoming needs or expectations from others. A bunch of people have solutions, from work spaces with isolation rooms, like the nap rooms at the huffington post, to going on a cruise to do your best development. It all seems to me to point to one major thing, we are overburdening ourselves. Most of this overburdening is by choice because we all need to be productive, otherwise we will not feel like we are changing the world. Founders are reporting being depressed and having anxiety issues. As a result we are all grasping for whatever we can to unburden ourselves while at the same time maintaining productivity. To me these things are impossible to an extent. Yes there are little hacks here and there and efficiencies can be gained but on the whole you either need to be able to deal with a shitload of stress, or figure out how to remove things from your plate. I am guessing that there will be a mass tipping point for the entrepreneur/startup community where a significant number of people are having panic attacks and massive anxiety disorders because we just really all can't be Bill Gates/Steve Jobs/Elon Musk no matter how many hours we put in on the cruise ship at 4 AM. Either that or everyone will start signing up for intensive training for how to deal with high stress environments. "Would like to point out that back in the day this was known as "keeping up with the Jones"...And had nothing to do with changing the world." To me "Keeping up with the Joneses" always had a clear material connotation eg: more money, bigger house, better car etc... I drew the distinction about changing the world because I think that is the difference between generations. I completely agree that this generation does the same peer comparisons, it's just that our metric is influence and "disrupting" the status quo rather than accumulation of wealth (though its often tough to divorce those things). Welcome to Elicitation 101 [1]. The author points out one of the most obvious and easily used ones: Deliberate False Statements / Denial of the Obvious : Say something wrong in the hopes that the person will correct your statement with true information. “Everybody knows that process won’t work—it’s just a DARPA dream project that will never get off the ground.” [1] http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/investigate/counterintelligence/... This story struck me the same way with the free coach and presidential connection all made by friends of his. The question - and only question - should be what David Simon asks: are we all in this together or are we not? I think this question is frankly naïve. Humans have functional limitations on how much we can care about other people, aka Dunbar's number. This is not something you can improve (maybe by .0001%) or create policy around, it's a hard limit. The fact that, at least in the United States, virtually everyone lives in a place with more than a few thousand people in it, ensures that there will be a conflict between the needs of the group of people around us and our own reactions to those needs. Add on to that the reality of scarcity of both needs and desires and you have a clear answer: No we are not all in it together. Having a social relationship with someone != caring about their fate. I think you aren't understanding the mechanism of the theory - which goes beyond the original paper. It has less to do with being able to "be social" (a broader function) than it does with being able to empathize with someone. Empathy is directly related to size and activity within the neocortex. [1] http://www.pnas.org/content/100/9/5497.long I stand firmly behind everything I do on the internet or otherwise knowing full well the capability for people to take things out of context or cherry pick. Having it out there allows for a full audit of what I am doing on the back end. On the front end, it ensures I am thinking through what I am writing so that I can ensure it reflects what I intend it to even if it is not all positive. Here is a n=1 for you: I just forcefully argued against male circumcision on Reddit. Check it out if you like. Well that was just one example that was recent in mind. I'm sure you can find any number of controversial things in my internet history. As I mentioned elsewhere this was just the first one off the top of my head. Very interesting writeup because I see shades of that in my own personality. So how are you overcoming this? I really really really wish there was a website that broke down code like this into explained text. I can grok a lot of code regardless of language somewhat intuitively because there is so much crossover - but I still have issues often when it comes to breaking down complex and unique segments. This would really help the learning process but I appreciate how time intensive it is. Thanks for the writeup. 2. Regular time doing wholly non-constructive things: So how did you get started doing that? I have a reeeaaly hard time with that one, to the point that I even see time with the family as non-constructive. It feels like time spent doing anything that is not pushing one of my goals forward is actively stopping forward momentum (including posting comments on the internets) so I end up getting frustrated at having wasted time and get depressed that I haven't done anything. Its a tough cycle. Disagree. The US bases all of it's drug laws after the UN Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs (Which arguably was US engineered)[1]. So the federal government has an international treaty obligation to create and enforce drug laws. This is the major distinction between Cannabis prohibition and Alcohol prohibition. The latter could be turned off by the US government, the former requires snubbing the UN. There is always the unilateral option but the US wouldn't do that in this case because it would open the gates for every other country and the political interests are way too strong. Basically for the US to formally "legalize it" the rest of the world would have to as well, which is why Argentina and Uruguay are great examples of leadership when it comes to the Drug war; they are both UN members and implied signatories to the treaty. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_Convention_on_Narcotic_D... This is another example of caging the eyes to a nation when the network effects are global. Worldwide inequality is falling, that is well documented. So the Keynesian prognostication about a life of desirable idleness based on re-investment of capital into local markets and automation was slowed because the capital found cheaper means than automation for growth. So when you want to talk about social equality look at the impact global capitalism had on South Korea from 1950-today (as just one example). That's also not true. The vast majority of UN treaties which the US is a signatory to are enforced by the US* on US citizens. If your claim is that we only enforce the ones we lead on then that is an impossible claim to prove - by design. 99% of UN treaties no one will ever know of, things related to fisheries, wildlife preservation, telecommunications, arms control etc... check it out for yourself on their database [1] There are of course major examples of unilateral actions on the part of the US to be sure, but those are outliers albeit extreme ones. [1] http://treaties.un.org/pages/ParticipationStatus.aspx World Bank report 2012[1]: For the first time since this monitoring task began, the data indicate a decline in both the poverty rate and the number of poor in all six regions of the developing world Kings College 2013[2]: In this paper we explore who have been the winners and losers from global growth since 1990 Economist Special Section 2012[3] - More nuanced and could offer a slightly alternative if generally positive example [1] http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTPOVCALNET/Resources/Gl... [2] http://www.kcl.ac.uk/aboutkings/worldwide/initiatives/global... [3] http://www.economist.com/node/21564414 The US is by far the prime leader in the war on drugs, if we fold our cards, it's instantly game over, no matter what half-cocked treaties are outstanding." Hence my previous statement: There is always the unilateral option but the US wouldn't do that in this case because it would open the gates for every other country and the political interests are way too strong. Depends on your measure. The Nigerian GDP is a hockey stick from 2000 to today while the GINI is mixed. http://data.worldbank.org/country/nigeria What GINI misses is that the floor is rising across the board. So while internal to a country it may be spreading, between nations is shrinking: meaning a higher quality of life at the mean. See my other comment for documentation. That article has largely been denounced by the DEVGRU community see: http://sofrep.com/18453/esquire-is-screwed-duped-by-seal-ubl... The answer is that democracy is itself a protection against tyranny, whether by the one (autocracy) or by the few (oligarchy). Except it's not, which is explicitly the reason for the Senate. It is there to slow things down - by design. Democracies have a pretty bad track record for turning into oligarchies. Of late there has been much discussion about the reforming of the American governmental system because of it's "dysfunction." As a result there are a whole lot of Baby out with the bathwater approaches which are offered up as solutions. This article does the same and wishes away most of the problems that the idealization of the Senate is there to solve. The article's main complaint seems to be that the "aristocracy" of the Senate maintains the power imbalance of the United States, which absolves the electorate of any responsibility. In fact the article never discusses anything beyond the fact that the system is corrupted and that it is racially skewed. Never as to why, or describing some underlying mechanism that is keeping it there. In the end, unless you think voting is "rigged" or somehow a sham, the responsibility falls on the electorate to manage who sits in the seats of power. Widespread apathy and disengagement (for often practical and legitimate reasons) keeps the same people in power and ensures that the wrong decisions and power will continue to be consolidated into too few hands. Good example here: http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/mon-november-11-2013/not-s... 1) How will they afford SIPC coverage? (That is the insurance for your money in case they fail.) I would bet that a good portion of their outside investments would go toward this while they are growing. If they can make enough on their API and margin trading that would cover it long term. I would also bet their margin trades will have a bit higher lending costs than a typical trading platform.