You can code so start writing iPhone apps, pick something, iterate.. Find some freelance jobs while unemployed. Apply to finance companies as a quant. You can even find QA or dev jobs at around 100k to relieve pressure. QA is easier and if you can code you are a very valuable QA person. Why? Because you are breaking the code and turning it into a viable product. Any company that ships values QA. Treat the job search as a full-time job. Since you have flexibility living at home, you can afford to wait for a good job in some sense. Otherwise find a larger company that hires MBAs into training programs. Use your school MBA network. If you don't know many people, but live close, reconnect to the program, go to all the events you may have missed. Find an internship at the very least. Some of the bigger businesses will repay your MBA loans over time. Once you get in somewhere with a high upside, solve their problems for them. Find a mentor. Maybe your MBA school will hire you? Go into public service, work for the government or teach (in those cases your income based repayment loans are wiped after 10 years). Work for a nonprofit as an MBA. They always want such folks, usually pay well, and also qualify for the 10 year program. Join the Peace Core for a year, go abroad, see the world, the problems, come back and apply for exclusive service related Federal jobs. They also have the 10 year loan forgiveness program. Find a smaller company that has a hard time getting top MBAs but needs them. The MBA has some value, it can be just a scam as everyone makes it out to be. Hell, go work for Yahoo, they are all about change right now. In your application pitch ideas about how to turn the organization around. Your wife needs to write since she is a writer. If you are a coder you need to code. If you want to solve business problems, go solve business problems. The GPA is meaningless long term. Use your strengths, acknowledge your weaknesses, work around them, and above all stay hungry. It's hard, I have a high debt load as well. What you cannot do is sit around and worry about it. You have to move forward. If you want, declare bankruptcy, learn from it and keep moving forward. But you can make it work. Pick tasks that make you better: code, write, solve. Don't expect a lump sum salvation. Work at it, chip it away... Call your credit card companies and negotiate. You have the power. They want to be repaid. You are not alone in your struggles. Some of it is acceptance. You might find that Buddhist meditation may help. You feel stressed and overwhelmed because you feel a lack of control over your situation/life and expected responsibilities. However, what you really lack is perspective because you are anxious about future unknowns. This is what drives your search through the self-help books. Caveat, if you do have a major disorder seek medical treatment. Those programs are organized around stabilizing the chemicals in your brain and at the same time providing cognitive therapies to help bring some perspective and rational decision making. Essentially you are fighting against your fight or flight responses and attempting to reengage your brain. It helps when you can stop your brain from producing too much speed or other stimulants. Likewise, for depression. We are drug responsive machines, people exercise like mad for the oxytocin high released after enough activity. So what you search for is perspective and a feeling that everything is ok and will be ok. The thing is, you end up where you started but see things differently. The financial issues are solved one day at a time. Sure, I should rewrite that as: Great companies value QA. Zynga is making a large push towards actual Internet gambling. That is where the money is. I don't understand why Facebook can't deliever targeted ads similar to how AdSense works. They already control the "comment boxes" of the web. So essentially, they know you are logged in at such and such site. Why not target the ads of the site to you? Seems like they would print money. There's also no place else to go... Myspace? Friendster, google+? This guy is being sarcastic. The "inapp purchase" can prevent this. Download for free, play a few levels, if you like buy more. This is the same strategy cut the rope, angry birds, use. They started before inapp purchases became available but clearly demonstrated the concept. This is the model that works. I have one, it is called a dog. What are these jobs in France you speak of? Why do we care? It's a done deal and was done 3 months ago. Stupid. Google Vultures? There are actually quite a few. The reason they don't attract the younger out of college startup crowd is that the unique problems the enterprise organizations face are not well known unless you work at a few of them. That's the big secret. Once you start working, it is harder to transition and leave. Sometimes you see lower level executive departures to commercialize a technology that a bigger corp will buy. You have to hire out execs from previous enterprise companies, or work at one and get to know people in the company (as well as their problems) that you solve with your technology. Downtown Vegas needs revitalization. I would imagine with a tech oriented spaces and some cool night activities it could compete with the Strip. I would imagine tax breaks make it compelling for investment as well. Why not port your landline to Google Voice and then forward for free? I told my dad to get that magic jack plus. wait? jedberg went to netflix? cool! it ruins your hipster cred. Huawei is owned in part by the Chinese government. Network virtualization (e.g. software defined networking) may decrease the risks posed by foreign manufactures since the software can be developed in the US, but still, a backdoor is possible. The backdoor itself could be at the compiler level, thus not detectable even with source code review (except of the compiler). For sure, there are a few trailer parks around here you can rent in. Best way is to come work for a start up or work for a bigger tech company. Go to meetups, go meet VCs, network. So the answer is come, just move here, don't wait. I wish I had moved back in 1998 when I had the chance instead of 2012. Figure out why you aren't passing the interviews. Learn Java as well. The Insurance probably cost $2-5million. The way we will mitigate this is expanding things like Teach for America. Basically, the gov't will start canceling student loan debt based on years of service. You can imagine a scale from 2-10 years. They already do this for the medical research field. That's the only way. It will be a "hidden" indirect cost. Is grepped a better choice? You can crawl in memory from a repository, or "crawl" across the net. How about an audio captcha service? Seems simple enough with voice recognition so widely available? Might confuse my grandparents though.. Indeed. I opt out, I will opt out my children. It is a unnecessary risk. The contrast is Europe and the UK, where they have free health insurance and social safety nets. How many startups do we see there? By definition we should see more startups there and they should be driving forward. I don't say I don't agree with having national health insurance, just trying to understand why the UK and Europe don't have the same level of startups. Maybe it is all marketing anyway and maybe it is all access to capital. This is the most important point. The benefit of these elite schools, is that peer pressure plays a positive role. All kids compete at these schools, form study groups etc.. Teachers want to teach motivated students and these things together drive education. ChartIO? They can link with your cloud DB, mysql or other data sources. Useful for making dashboards. I'm in the same area and it is basically the same. You have to find a private individual who is willing to help. Usually these people work 1 or 2 houses per week. Ask your profs for a recommendation. There are a million cleaner lead generation companies... They all suck. But Science is crowd funded by taxes, no? Except that your trucks deliver food and widescreen TVs to the guy with the broken car for a cheap price. Well the restaurant owner would either have to "eat" the loss by taking what they can pay, or allow the table to run a "deficit" by providing credit on the promise that they will pay it back the next week, or provide them with a smaller meal the next time going forward. These pretty much describe the current world situation. I agree. I think Romney lost mostly because he flip-flopped. I watched the Frontline episode called "The Choice 2012" and it was quite insightful. The two candidates come across as quite similar in many policy/thinking respects. Because Romney had to cater to the right wing fringe, the republicans essentially ate themselves. Effectively, the country moved right because the republicans effectively shut Obama down and caused him to polarize. Basically negating the "yes we can change" hypothesis. In 2008 people were sick of unilateral Bush action, the wars, and wanted people who would work together. By the midterm elections fringe groups got super worked up about Obamacare and death panels. Tea party hyperbole basically, a very effective and vocal minority. In addition the vote for Obamacare was drawn down party lines which I believe contributed to the democratic losses. It was a sign of not working together even though the republicans basically stonewalled the entire time. Essentially, Obama, the great listener who could bring people together was shut out and shut down by politics. He was shutdown as an outsider essentially. We had hoped that an outsider could bring change, but the system itself refused to. Romney himself was an outsider too but would have had the initial advantage of a republican congress. I agree. Hackathons, hack nights, awesomeness. That's interesting since they doubled there money not paying Groupon, but still getting the customer. New grads in any field are kind of like this. MBAs that came from business first are probably more humble then this, or already spoken for. They do probably have some value for longer term planning or networking. But that should be in addition to raw technical talent or raw business acumen to get the current job done. What was the breakthrough? there is also deamhost and dreamcompute. It's more interesting that he left Google. Not sure, it may be non-parametric vs parametric. Random forests are the best choice, but a model is more appealing due to the analysis you can make on it. I mean can random forests predict F = mA or planetary orbits? It's not a loan, it is the remainder of the investment. This only works if all NPC problems can be converted to CLIQUE? I agree. Nimbys and current owners prevent the building of higher density and modern housing. You would hope that the Federal government would step in because new construction would create jobs. Also in the Bay area, you could add lots of higher density housing near the Caltrain and gain that way. I think a gap year between high school and college can do some good. Also between college and grad school. Something like 56% of college students don't complete. Also many take more than 4 years, so the first wave of value is finishing in less than 4 years. Universities may reduce costs by dropping non-essential non-major classes. The surgeon is actually is an apprentice under the guide of a more senior doctor. Access to the master requires enrollment in medical school and then a residency. It is not book learning per se. The gov't ends up buying the deliquent loan in full and then they chase you down. Extreme hardship is the only way to get it dismissed and that is very unlikely. They do have a 20 year minimum payment plan and then will forgive the remainder. Not sure if that becomes taxable after the fact. They also have principal forgiveness plans for government or teaching service. supply vs demand? House of Lies? Hey, if your startup fails, just can always find work at another company. There is still a future. It is OK to fail, it is OK to feel depressed. You are not the value of your startup. Depression is hard and it hurts. You can actually rewire your neural pathways. Therapists can help with this. It gets better. The refining process breaks down complex carbs into simpler carbs. It is also not as if the job is rote work. Sure as long as you provide value that people will pay for. Many companies support open source projects. There is an argument for a raise is when the replacement value is high. The key is to be indispensable by adding value. Open allocation essentially mirrors open source software projects we see in public. I totally agree that open allocation is the way to go. Even software on a company's critical path will attract new people to work on it, mostly to learn and develop new skills. That frees the original super star devs to move on to new projects. Video chat? Life insurance is really only necessary for surviving spouses and children. It is not clear if the aggregate pool in general results in cheaper prices vs the complete customized personal option. In fact, if the former is cheaper, then just paying taxes is the best option. You can get loan forgiveness in public sector jobs: teachers, peace corp, and government service. You can become a nurse after college, you don't have to write code, but it is not for everyone. The boomers will be retiring so there will be a huge need for medical and care givers. Also when they go, the jobs they left will open up (minus some losses for productivity). You can go the trade route as well, or accountancy etc... One admin for 10 programmers is a huge multiplier. That admin can take care of the non programming needs so that the devs have more time to focus on code than context switching to handle the crap. It depends, a lot of Americans could go to Australia for college. suicides, greatest country ever... Yes. I think that is the point. It would be but big companies (like IBM) lobbied against it. I am amazed they did so well. Good execution. I like the new building they are constructing in Palo Alto as well. VMs are initially cheaper (say AWS), in the long run, your own server stack is if you can manage it for a reasonable cost. VMs are basically leases. and ultimately paid for by the tax payer.. bailout after bailout after bailout. Umm, so what is behavioral accounting? I did google it, and it suggests that Steve Jobs (when he was alive) was a major asset of Apple and should be priced into the company's stock value. I think it would fall under unauthorized access. Also don't buy organic coffee.. but why a spike at T=0 then? Yep. I hope so... With the Nexus 4 and the Walmart iPhone payment plans, you can do much better than locking yourself into 2 years and $1k extra in payments. could be worse, you could live in England. Proud to be the 4th comment on team jacob's HN posts. Or crumbs could sell good coffee! nah, just code in a biotech or for lab software. There is so much opportunity. Automate through code/robotics your job. Plenty of opportunities. You will find companies that want a mix of wet lab and coder skills. You save them on the translation costs for making software the biologists actually need. If you read the press release they say he only wanted to serve for a year. No drama then. It is the same everywhere and easily optimized. There's a mendacity about what people actually do. It is better to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission. It is easier to get a money transmitters license after you IPO than before. Taxi medallions, asinine sublet and renter laws are all examples of this. Legal gray areas make great businesses. The CA law he references was sponsored by the big financial companies to favor protectionism and so if enforced will raise hell and probably be overturned by the Feds and currency/interstate commerce laws. He also built a space ship. The gov't lists medicare reimbursement which is basically the insurance price maximum. Some insurers get better than medicare pricing. You know what is wild though? Federal employees aren't insured by medicare but instead the federal govt pays private insurers to insure them! If the Feds went to single payer for its employees, things would change quickly. luck favors the prepared. You should sell on ribbon (www.ribbon.co). List your product for free and directly from your tumblr blog, facebook page or twitter. (Shamless plug, I work for Ribbon).... Startups exist because hiring is broken. sponsored by the us taxi association. little do they know that it will be more profitable to have self driving taxis. this is what they call meritocracy. http://www.amazon.com/Rise-Meritocracy-Classics-Organization... It's also because of automatic garbage collection and the fact that programmers today can't handle memory management. Write a paper. Get it published. Easiest places are IEEE or ArVix. Dude wants to build a space robot. That should be physics/cs/math. You have two choices. Work at it, get to be an architect, be the guy that people defer to for decisions, be in charge, and decide your future. Or leave and do a startup, especially your own startup. as so goes the global economy. The US did charge Snowden with spying. You should try www.ribbon.co (shameless self promotion -- I work there). We just released dynamic shipping. Online. I think the hard part is identifying/normalizing the merchant based on the 20 character billing name + phone. Each McDonalds and Starbucks have wildly different text. Large purchases are immediately flagged for sure, purchases outside the local area. There is a lot of low hanging fruit. Crowd sourcing helps too. Interesting idea. SF with 1% on the full stack. In a BigCo, your number one job is to make your boss look good. I don't mean vanity, rather execute well and deliver along the planned objectives. Build trust, deliver reliably (not necessarily quickly), and in a few years you will be well sought for counsel. Just like a startup, this years hot project may be the next dog. Regardless, deliver and complete. You can push on projects but only if it comes with support from management. It is a slower life cycle. I imagine the perk at early Google was cheap stock options. That's funny... Of the co-inventors of TCP one works for Google (Vint Cerf,is 70) and Bob Kahn is 74 years old. In my interpretation it is all about what happened and how you spin the story. We see in books and movies where someone appears to be quite guilty but then in the twist they are not or vice versa. Now, life might be messier in some sense that such is less likely in theory. But even forensic evidence can be manipulated and the science of forensic evidence does not have the same rigorous scientific underpinnings as depicted on CSI. In a digital world, a lot of things can be manipulated, and in the world of espionage probably are. Would you have to pay tax only when you convert them to dollars? I mean US multinationals don't pay income tax on foreign income until they repatriate it... Politicians do this all the time. Fox News and the mainstream media make their careers out of it. I think we as a society have forgotten how to deconstruct an argument and fact check the specifics. I totally agree.. Any recommendations for how a new to the valley engineer gets on to this salary track? Is it hard won negotiations? "See Dad... money does grow on trees!" Wow... must be a lot of Dad's on HN! :( The rich. I imagine Obama calls you. Most of these guys may have been on his re-election engineering team. He is clearly a mistake. In the consumer space it is always innovate or die. For PCs people buy Windows because they are cheaper than Macs and linux is a nonstarter. Chromebooks are the new ultra low end. For Tablets: Apple is the high end, Android is the low end. Kindle Fires are niche, and everything else is basically worthless. In the business space they need to counter the cloud and APIization of the market. They need to make it simpler, integrated and more effective on Windows devices. And they need to target small businesses. The need to cloudize workgroups/domains and make it simpler. The rest of the cloud market being built on linux/open source and relies on web browser standards to achieve cross platform penetration. But in the current reality, Windows PCs and iPads are all that matter. I think it is two sides of the same coin: Cheap location = nothing there, so nothing to do. Expensive location = too expensive to do anything, so nothing to do. Get a monthly pass at hackerdojo. Can't you have multiple connections to the same host? You should change it to: Go Fish.. or GoFish. So if you do use FBA.. Tag everything?... even the new shrink wrapped stuff... Then you can verify if it was yours or not. buy box. appoint ceo as msft ceo. There's actually a simple technical way around this. Don't store the paper. Store a file hash and let the user access it via approved channels. Most users here will have legitimate access via their institution, or can easily find the paper via Google. Dedupe on upload and link to approved Elsevier stores. Easy peasey. We weren't deceived... Just think about what they could technically collect based on modern technologies and logically conclude that they do or will do. As much as you can do remote support. Charge incident packages. You should structure the fee/cost structure like insurance. Pay more monthly, get more service, lower out of pocket costs. This is all about liability. Jackson is amazing... Housing is expensive though! 101 feels like a death trap too with all thee buses speeding down. This techcrunch article was utterly predictable. C Universities are supposed to protect our youth and foster freedom and free academic exchange. Shame on MIT. College students have no money... It would be fascinating to get an insider view on this. Clearly, MSFT, Apple, or Google could buy them. Become a software engineer. They way you change it is by starting your own company. So choose to work for a startup that doesn't do that. There are plenty of profit sharing companies out there. Or become a quant where you can eat what you kill. Inequity, really has nothing to do with fairness. If the startup can't hire, they will offer more until they do hire (or go out of business or worse never achieve). What you can negotiate is based on your position. If you are ex-Google or Facebook you can make bank at a more established tech company looking to turnaround (cough.. cough.. Yahoo) or at a startup looking for "top talent" or get access to VC funding. It is the same dynamics you see in professional sports. Sure, make partner in a boutique software consulting firm. The adage is that those that risk capital reap the rewards.. I would argue that specialization in software is more about delivering solutions and value. I agree that in general technology evolves, but there is clearly a 20+ year lifespan for some technologies. Cobol is still in demand. As a botique software shop you offer a company critical business infrastructure that gives them an edge. 90% of the software in business is developed or customized for the client. As developers we don't necessarily like it because it is not always elegant or optimal but it exists. Banks make multiple $ loans per single backing $. What I am really curious about is the difference between Deep Learning using RBMs, PCA, Factor Analysis, Bayesian graphical models. All of them seem to treat a numerical problem in different ways. I'm particularly interested in the identifiability of the equations (and introduce some constraints to do so).. or else you have multiple (infinite) solutions. As far as I can tell, the deep learning is basically a multi layer RBM with greedy optimization at each level. Maybe that is good enough for text summarization or robotics, but in a mathematical sense depending on your starting vectors you can arrive at different local minima. In physical dynamical systems we are typically interested in the global solution from which we do further analyses to prove stability etc... Bayesian networks have loopy belief propagation, and of course PCA/SVD require strict linear independence. Thanks for this thread. I really enjoyed seeing the science discussed. I've been interested in computational vaccine design and HIV evolutionary dynamics for a long time. I kind of see the whole thing as a dynamical system and a hidden Markov model. Essentially since the copy mechanism is leaky and produces multiple variants, and the immune system produces a selective response, how do you know that the single epitope you vaccinate against will be sufficient? I would expect their to be multiple stable populations and hence a need multiple vaccine epitopes (including populations that are stable under specific drug regimes). This is what makes rgejman's phage display comments so interesting. We already know two major populations (Hiv-1 and Hiv-2 exist). It is humbling because you are elected by a group of your peers to lead. It also gives implicit credit to all the people that helped make him successful. Leadership is not zero sum and it doesn't follow specific rules. If anything the rules of promotion are codified by practice and not necessarily logical and prescribed but in general most people aspire to be fair and merit based. I wonder if it would work. Rather than 2 year discount upfront, do it on the back. Huh? Also hardware is way faster. I agree with the healthcare sentiment. Obamacare is better than bankruptcy though. A $12k max out of pocket vs say $150k+. At least one could attempt to pay that off and maybe get some kind of Federal forgiveness vs straight out bankruptcy. Would you elaborate? I mean how much does an academic medical center pay their Doctors? At UCLA the head transplant guy makes $2 million or so. Why not pay engineers more? You could probably justify it by taking a product oriented approach, with external sales or patents or whatnot. Right but you could make software a core focus by selling your product to other medical centers or doctors or whatnot. It would be hard to get it started but it should be possible. One could argue that by definition that mission critical system was not built well. A good engineer should always try to automate (and architect) yourself out of a job. You want software that runs itself. Also SMS is effectively broken. SMS was a useful for the non-smart phone crowd. Twitter initially was a way to get global free status updates via SMS. Now it has reversed. The problem with iMessage is that you don't know if your friend has an iPhone. I think this has more to do with detail orientedness and hard work. I thought I could take the SAT without any prep. Lol. If there is one important thing for a higher schooler to do, it is to master that test. I'm going to guess the check fraud is what does him in. Imagine sending money via What's App. Get into dental or medical school and you are set. eat a mango? Retargeting seems like the only real viable option. FB is technically in East Menlo Park.. One should read: The Island of Stone Money. Absolutely amazing. She took something academics were discussing mostly theoretically (microfluidics on a chip) and turned it into some real. One has to enforce classism. Did it at least come with stock options? All auto manufacturers are subsidized, especially the Japanese. Americans could do the same, go abroad, get a degree and come back. That explains the bitcoin thefts. Don't you.. just hire experienced folks in for specific roles to help scale? Mark hired Sheryl Sandberg. Perhaps the best skill is knowing how to delegate. Versus a phone? That is an interesting way to go about it... Could legitimize the situation. "fixing government, curing cancer, improving medicine, rebooting our space program, fixing education, etc." -- There are a bunch of startups already in these areas... It always seems to be this way.. The DA or govt will make some claim that the courts eventually refute. It is very weird in some sense. I would think you stop paying when you stop distributing it. In some sense. Of course I'm sure they had multiple suitors. Instagram has a huge user/traffic base. He has a very PGesque style of writing. So where is the inevitable comparison to DropBox? It irks me when a journalist doesn't do their homework. Take for instance: "Unfortunately, the problems the average 22-year-old male programmer has experienced are all about being an affluent single guy in Northern California. That’s how we’ve ended up with so many games (Angry Birds, Flappy Bird, Crappy Bird) and all those apps for what one start-up founder described to me as cooler ways to hang out with friends on a Saturday night." To dissect this: 1. Rovio is a Finnish Company (Angry Birds) 2. Flappy Bird is a guy from Vietnam. 3. Crappy Bird... ? Not one of these examples illustrate the argument that they were solved by 22 year old affluent males from Northern California. So many startups don't even give out the % your options are.. Just like Caprica. Yeah, I've gotten absolutely no where when I've asked. "Meet the new boss same as the old boss." She should contact a labor attorney and probably has a strong case. and bank money! I think an MD/PhD is the best option. Or become a quant. Also only go to a top tier school (MIT/Harvard etc.. ) if you want to be an academic. Everything else is just ridiculous. Pays the rent at least... Rents are going up! A jury of peers in the Valley might agree. In fact a good attorney would argue that paying non-colluded wages to engineers lifts all boats, so the blue collar workers on the jury would presumably have had more pay themselves had the engineer been paid properly. Then again, maybe all the money would have gone to rent which is what seems to be happening now unless you won the IPO lottery where it is now all cash offers on million dollar homes. You could and you should pitch it as Silicon Roundabout. Man Andreessen has come along way since Mosaic. dropcams. Do not sign. If she is not going to pay you or give you equity or a percent of app sales, that is a big red flag. Do not submit it to the app store either. I would in fact talk it over with the Professor running the class or a student association lawyer. It looks like she is trying to gather evidence to suggest that you are not a cofounder after the fact. So you should assert your intellectual property rights for the code you created. In fact, not having a contracting agreement, or an employment agreement makes it more difficult for your cofounder to assert ownership anyway since there is nothing legally binding you together. What is your dream job? It isn't over, not by a long shot. It looks like you can code. Turn your internship into a job at a small web dev company and code. Take classes part time at the Community and work your way up if GPA is the problem. Also if you have trouble staying sober, find a program or new friends, do whatever it takes to stay sober. Future you will look back and see this as your pivot. Go to med school, not grad school. It is perfectly reasonable to seek out other revenue streams. It is still a land grab. There are many other megatech companies that aren't innovating or acquiring and are slowly dying. The "tech platform" evolves every 10-20 years. Innovate or die. We already talk about the Internet of things. Mobile apps and mobile access are clearly eclipsing the PC. Odds are the next Facebook or Google starts as some mobile app not yet invented. It also requires the right kind of company/manager. It will work. The only downside is all the new buildings are luxury apartments that want $3-5k. fluff piece. The last mover? Congrats to Justin and co... including ycombinator. Big exit.