HTTP 1.2 is an April fools joke . No, Telnet does not, in fact, intercept any character sequences unless when connecting to the telnet port (port 23). Right, the interactive escape character. That's easily fixed with "telnet -E". That is, echo -e "test\035help" | telnet -E www.google.com 80 will not give any help text output. (I was, in fact referring to telnet option negotiation which will not happen if not using the telnet port. Since the escape character for interactive use is so easily remedied, it did not occur to me to consider it a problem.) Personally, I prefer the Securing Debian Manual http://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/securing-debian-howto/ Nitpick; "shred" is a better alternative to "srm", since "shred" is always installed. This is a silly and possibly stupid idea, and calling it "Metric" does metricification a huge disservice by associating it with these kinds of foolish notions. > I came to say this. Ideally, my computer would do what I want and only what I want. This doesn't always work out, such as in the cases of multiple users or malware [...] Or Javascript. Or non-free software. Since FSF for years has had (and still have) lawyers advising them that this is indeed the case, what is your authority to claim otherwise? Or, in other words, citation needed. > [...] FSF is clearly the only group that believes this [...] So, it should be no trouble for you to provide a citation from an legal authority which states otherwise? Note: Sweden does not have total darkness for half of the year. Firstly, 85% of Sweden is below the arctic circle, and does get daylight every day. Secondly, the 15% that is above the arctic circle is the most remote and least populated part of Sweden. Thirdly, even above the arctic circle in wintertime, it seldom actually gets dark as you might imagine; the sun is just below the horizon much of the time, and you merely get a sort of twilight/early morning light. Meanwhile, in Europe, RIPE ran out of IPv4 a year ago[1], and people have been happily implementing IPv6 ever since. In Sweden, there is a government directive[2] that all state infrastructure should implement IPv6 and DNSSEC by this year (2013) at the latest. 1) https://www.ripe.net/internet-coordination/ipv4-exhaustion 2) http://www.regeringen.se/sb/d/15234/a/177127 It would also be completely useless, as implementing the reassignment would dwarf the cost of moving to IPv6. No, if everybody maxes out a 1 Gbps line, the ISPs will invest in faster networks. See, you'd like to think so. You'd like to think that there's an easy solution not involving you, because it would mean you don't have to do anything or learn anything new. However, as pointed out in many other comments in this thread, this (and many other knee-jerk reaction "solutions") won't actually work, or would be significantly more expensive than implementing IPv6. It's been on the horizon for nearly 20 years. It's coming soon now. The IPv4 end is nigh. Repent! No, such a thing does not exist. At least not automatically. There are stories[1] about large corporations getting complaints from end customers in Asia about not being reachable - and it turns out the customers only have IPv6. IPv4 FAIL. (Note: APNIC ran out of IPv4 addresses more than two years ago [2], and has had rapid internet expansion in the mean time. Asians are heavy IPv6 adopters.) Such a thing you imagine could conceivably be implemented, but it would be an extra thing for the IPv6-only ISPs to implement, and they do not have the incentive to do so. The current companies with servers do have an incentive to be reachable by IPv6-only customers, and are the only parties who can reasonably solve the situation, by implementing IPv6. 1) https://www.iis.se/blogg/ipv6-nar-sent-inforande-kostar-peng... (Swedish) 2) https://www.apnic.net/publications/news/2011/final-8 The entire internet infrastructure (backbone routers, etc.) is already using IPv6, so the cost of implementing IPv6 is, by now, entirely on the end-site side. You should also include a number of additional cost of reassignment, including growth of routing table size. I'm sorry to inform you that apparently your ISP, your workplace and your university are all either lazy, lying, or both. Implementing IPv6 takes, maybe, a few weeks if you have many servers and a large internal network. If all you have is a webserver which you want to be reachable by IPv6-only customers, an interim solution (tunnel) can be implemented in a few minutes. You might think such a scheme is "requisite", but the fact remains that there is insufficient incentive for the ISPs to do them, and they plainly don't do them, as my cited example shows. You can assign blame however you like, but it won't help your IPv6 customers/users to reach your servers. If you have experience with Asian ISPs, could you then maybe report on how common it is for them to have IPv6-only versus IPv6-plus-transition-mechanism? This data would be better than my anecdotal story about an unnamed company, so please provide any you have. Right, a Gmail address. Like he should write anything sensitive there. http://www.potaroo.net/ispcol/2013-08/when.html Currently the estimate indicates September 2014. > authors can't do anything substantial or meaningful without making it a job(and needing money to do it). Citation needed, please. If people switch from GCC to Clang/LLVM in enough numbers that Apple think they can get away with it, Apple will, in a heartbeat, close the development of Clang/LLVM and make all new versions proprietary. Not with a modern browser with SNI. This transmits the host name in the initial unencrypted portion of the SSL connection. @dorolow, your comment is dead because it used the auto-banned word "mast?rb?tion" (uncensored). FYI. More petty than pithy (or pity), I think. Found an english version of the directive (PDF): http://www.government.se/content/1/c6/18/19/14/70f489cb.pdf Page 40, Actions , first paragraph: “In addition, all authorities should make use of DNSSEC and be reachable with IPv6 by 2013.” Try it and see. I fail to see how what Snowden has done has promoted world peace. The Nobel Peace prize is not (recent awardees notwithstanding) a we-like-you prize. It's supposed to be about world peace , and I just don't see how Snowden has advanced that particular goal. Or am I just dense? I did say “recent awardees notwithstanding”. I'm sorry, I still don't see the link between "[curbing] government abuses" and "promoting peace". What is the link? Freedom, yes, but peace ? That's disgusting. I knew that. It's still disgusting. “Anything you do will be insignificant, but it is vitally important that you do it .” Someone could take apart such a switch once and verify that it works, and then tell everyone else who owns such a device. With software, this is very hard, and when software can be updated at any time it is impossible. The link shown in the screenshot is http://uj3wazyk5u4hnvtk.onion/ but I thought TPB's "TOR hidden service" link was http://jntlesnev5o7zysa.onion/ . I wonder what's going on. But that was my point; both sites look like TPB. Which is the real one and which is a potentially logging proxy? OK, none. But at least the real one has a proven history of not injecting malware. Or something, I don't know. Logging was just an example of what a malicious middleman might do. “Tell it to the jusdge.” Obvious cheap shot is obvious. I think the problem is the title - it sets up high expectations. When it turns out that an ordinary store-bought racing bike would have worked just as well, and the high speed is reached not by the bike being special, but by drafting behind a car, then the disappointment sets in. If the story had been "Guy builds racing bike from scratch, goes drafting with it just to see what it can do", then it would have been the cool inspiring story of the hacker spirit. But now it wasn't - it was framed. The Youtube video is only the first hour. The real video is two and a half hours. That would be a Lisp Machine or a Smalltalk environment. It's looking for prime numbers. If you do not know why you are doing it, then you will not do either. You mean, as long as they can't be updated period . The data is stored somewhere. It's stored in the cache memory of all the routers in between. Perhaps. But even if no-one would pay money for a direct software download/package, this does not preclude sponsorship of companies to free software projects they wish to be more developed. Indeed, there are many such large projects. As long as we're trading comic links - it can also be used as perimeter defense. http://freefall.purrsia.com/ff100/fv00014.htm or as a method for private communication http://freefall.purrsia.com/ff800/fv00751.htm What a veiled FUD. If you doubt the text, check the references . And this is the real reason why museums don't allow photography. Facebook does, in fact, require you to log in to see a lot of content. This may be due to mistaken settings on the content by its uploader, but that's more or less irrelevant. When I follow a link to a Facebook page about a person or event or something, the chances are about 50/50 that I'll simply see a "please log in" box. I thought this would be about the dangers of not checking for integer overflow. I struggled to come up with a method which, in C, safely converts a string to an integer type. I finally did it¹, but I've yet to see someone else use this method. 1) http://stackoverflow.com/a/542833/54435 I'm thinking that most simply don't have the intelligence connections to endure the blackmail game. But is it any good at those problems? Not entirely fictional. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moskstraumen “But let us raise a toast to all our bombers, all our bastards, most unlovely and most unforgivable, let's drink their health… …then meet with them no more.” — V For a while I thought you meant Seymour Cray, or one of the supercomputers he designed and built. Was it so hard to type one letter in support of readability? Or is "cray" its own word now? I was aware of this, but was genuinely confused for a few moments, since I would have hoped that a reference to Seymour Cray was more likely on this forum than such, as you put it, “vernacular” forms of expression. The top level servers (for .com in this case) has A (and/or AAAA) records for the name servers to prevent this kind of catch-22. These out-of zone records are called glue records . Well, as he said, “Spin doctoring is no substitute for substance.”. I suggest you try it again. It's not nearly as slow now as it once was. Occasionally you get a slow path. If this happens and you're in a hurry, just press the "New Identity" button to get a new random path. It usually works. It's called "StopIteration", not "StopIterationError", because it is not an error . does not do anything, even inside a . — (President) Youth, with its enthusiasms, which rebels against any accepted norm because it must, and we sympathize. It may wear flowers in its hair and bells on its toes, but when the common good is threatened, when the functioning of society is endangered, such revolts must cease! They are non-productive, and must be abolished! [...] — (President) Guilty! Read the charge! — (Delegate) The prisoner has been charged with the most serious breach of social etiquette: Cultural defiance of the elementary laws which sustain our community. Questioning the decisions of those we voted to govern us. Unhealthy aspects of speech and dress, not in accordance with general practice. And the refusal to observe, wear, or respond to his number! (Quotes from “The Prisoner”, Episode 17, “Fall Out”, 1967) The official documentation is really quite excellent. I think you are confused — at no time are any files passed as arguments in the command "find . | wc -l". Also, to count the number of files in a directory, you need to do readdir(), which will get you the names. Then, to see if any of them are directories to be recursed into you need to stat() the names individually. This is all "find" does. How , I'd very much like to know, is this "a nasty hack"? You apparently think that "commercial" and "making money from software" must, must mean "proprietary" and "closed source" software. RMS and the FSF disagree strongly with this and see no inherent conflict between the two. Either you didn't know and were honestly ignorant, or you were deliberately trying to confuse the issue. Now you've changed the subject from " Stallman, et. al are also against anyone making any money from building software " to " [...] it's very challenging to make money off open source software ", which is a separate point entirely. Just like pentesters are good and competent at breaking security but might not necessarily be good designers of secure software or systems. The Gruntmaster 3000 The title “Cocktails for programmers” gives me the same feeling as would the phrase “Leaf blowers for stamp collectors”. Yes, a stamp collector might use a leaf blower, but it would not be relevant to collecting stamps. On the contrary, using a leaf blower while collecting stamps would be… inadvisable. These conferences are not supposed to be maximizing the "fun" factor for the attendees. The conferences are, first and foremost supposed to be useful for collaboration and networking in their stated field . > you can't force people to sit down and talk nodejs with you if they want to drink instead. Apparently, if you give most technical conference attendees the option (and venue, drinks, transport, etc), they will opt for going drinking in environments not suited for conversation. If this happens, I interpret it as a failure of the conference organizers. Why? Because their job is to organize a conference , not a party. If they want to leave some time for people to party (or pray, or go skinny-dipping, or windsurfing, etc.), then they can do so. However, to actively encourage people to be non-networking and to not talk (usefully) about the actual conference topic is, in my view, an anti-pattern of conferences. If you give conference attendees the option to have that much fun, they will take it and go party instead of, you know, networking and discussing the conference topic with their professional peers. This, to me, is not a successful outcome of a conference. (I think you are reading into my comment something I did not write. I do not know what you think my "idea of a conference" would be.) I have tried to have technical conversations at parties and in bars with people I know to be interested in and knowledgeable in the topic. It's basically impossible. Firstly, the loud music and other conversation makes it very hard to hear what they're saying, and the things said therefore tend to be simplified into what can be said simply in short words. Secondly, they are often drunk and/or more interested in talking about beer or something than the topic they presumably are at the conference to advance. This is, of course, understandable; they're not expecting to have anything whatsoever to do with the conference topic at the party, since nobody else is, either. Thirdly, there are no whiteboards to use as discussion aids. It's also quite dark, and it's often cramped so you can't easily show somebody something by moving around. Basically, bars and party rooms are not exactly conducive to productive discussions. (In the past there would also be no internet and, further back, no computers, but that has thankfully become a non-issue these days.) This gives us four possibilities: 1. This geared creature must be considered part mechanical. A cyborg, if you will. 2. A "gear" is no longer (and was never) a "mechanical" device, but instead an organic one. Using gears is no longer (and was maybe never) doing mechanics. 3. Whether something is mechanical or organic depends on the process which created it. This is the "colored bits" or "patent" view. (If I build something using intuition instead of reason, am I no longer doing mechanics?) 4. A gear is no longer (and was never) either mechanic or organic, and is simply a physical process. The whole "mechanical" and "organic" division is a false dichotomy. > You are saying that conferences should not be like parties, because conferences are not like parties Not quite. What I am saying is that conferences and parties have different goals. The goal of a conference is to advance the field. The goal of a party is to have fun. The goal of a conference is not advanced by organizing a party, nor is the goal of a party advanced by organizing a conference. A conference can (and perhaps should ) have many elements of a party in it — evening social activities, perhaps even in a bar where alcolhol (gasp!) is consumed. All of this may be perfectly fine. But, these activities should be organized with the goal of the conference in mind. However, what many conference organizers seem to do is fill the days with talks, (while minimizing the time between talks to fit as many as possible), and then on the evenings they try to organize the best party they can think of. The best party , mind you, not the best socializing activity , which might have advanced the networking in the field, but the best party , whatever the tastes of the organizers and/or the prospective attendees. This makes the conference a series of undiscussed talks in the daytime, followed by a series of usually pounding party keggers at night. The talks can be watched at home if they are filmed, and the parties can be had locally, too. There is no reason to attend these kinds of conferences. Unless, of course, you are already connected and go to any number of conferences a year and meet all the same people — your party buddies. I still think you see me through some kind of tinted shades which makes you think I am saying things I am not saying. However, I have run out of ideas on how to explain myself in yet other ways. EDIT: I think now that we are having a word definition debate here. When you say that “many conferences aren't like that“, then I would call those themed parties, not conferences. Yes. But if the socialising and drinking activities are not organized to be conducive to networking, then it's a party with no benefit to the goals of the conference. See my comment here https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6376546 where I already agreed that “a conference can (and perhaps should) have many elements of a party in it”. An analogy might help: If people like more sugar in their food, and adding sugar to it increases sales, then what we ultimately will get is not food, but candy, labeled "Food". Therefore, even giving paying customers what they not only ask for, but actually do want, might still not be a good idea. I think you are doing the same faulty comparison you made with board games in another comment. The purpose of all those activities (party, board games, bowling) is to have fun . I'm saying that the very definition of a conference is that it has a different goal. Conferences can (and should , by all means possible) be as fun as possible, but with the goal of the conference taking slight precedence . Since having a party-like atmosphere will make people come to the conference, by all means conferences should have them. But one should keep in mind that the party-like atmosphere does not obscure or negate the purpose of the conference in the first place. Wow, that old clip. I seem to recall that floating around the Internet even before the time of YouTube. Nice to finally see it in a decent resolution, though! ☺ You seem to be making the same point as untog did in this comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6376678 Therefore, see my reply to untog's comment. Well, I guess it comes down to what the definition of “conference” is, I suppose. I'm very much reminded of these: http://www.cracked.com/blog/5-things-nobody-tells-you-about-... http://www.cracked.com/blog/the-5-stupidest-habits-you-devel... http://www.cracked.com/blog/4-things-politicians-will-never-... Especially the last one. EDIT: Fixed last link Fixed, thanks. (I meant to post three links, but I mistakenly posted one of the links twice instead.) There's a problem starting such a collective (which is, in effect, what you are proposing): Housing. To have many people live together, you need square footage (or m², for metric people). This necessitates a large apartment or house. Such a thing, (if not bought outright, ha, ha, just kidding), will be expensive. The landlord will need a single legal person to be responsible for the paying of this rent, and own the lease. And I think we can assume from our premise that none of the individuals in question will have anything close to the sort of documented income or credit history to make any sensible landlord agree to the lease. “My friends will totally chip in to pay the rent!” is just not going to work. So there's a bootstrapping problem which I think is mostly insurmountable. Which is a shame, because it's a good plan, otherwise. This is in university areas, with many students, I assume. In those areas, the large masses of students have made landlords open to this kind of arrangement, and they are used to dealing with students and their… special… economic situation. But try it in a non-university town where non-students vastly outnumber the students? I don't think so. The landlord has everything to risk and nothing to gain by doing strange and unfamiliar things. If they have even heard of the practice, it's only for students, in student-dense areas, in housing long used in this way, with all the features (internal locks for each room, etc.). Why would they risk their nice house when they can just rent to somebody else? I think you lucked out and found “absentee landlords”. I can't see these things being commonly accepted practice among landlords — as you say, your neighbors hated you and you were far from the norm in the area. But just because you lucked out doesn't mean that it's just as easy for someone else, in another area. To actually create something like this on purpose, somewhere close to where you happen to have gotten a good job? That is hard. Evolved creatures are a strange mix of clever hacks and design-by-committe horrors. http://threepanelsoul.com/2010/07/05/on-design-by-committee/ I did not invent the nonsense, it was implied by the existence of the article itself. If this flea had used some hitherto unknown chemical reaction, there would have been no article. But use a toothed gear-like structure instead, and suddenly it's an article and a post to HN, no less. This implies that it's something special with gears, which I tried to assume in my comment. I tried to present the inherent contradiction in assuming that gears are special by arguing from the reluctant viewpoint of someone who thinks it is true. Many commenters seemed to think I was asking a question of which of the possibilities was the correct one, and (correctly) answered that the fourth one was correct. This was not my intent, I merely wanted people to reflect on the possibilities and come to their own conclusion. Interesting. I would guess that the general economics have forced the landlords to accept and perhaps even promote this scheme, as it's the only was they can find a market for their services. I wonder if this acceptance will keep once the economics changes? If that's the case, why hasn't this naturally occured everywhere? Why only in Australia and for students in university towns? Things like grocery stores tend to be further away in the US, thereby costing more fuel to get to. “And a very small percentage of readers feel convinced that the furor is resulting from people not realizing that the host is opening a losing door on purpose. (But they haven’t read my mail! The great majority of people understand the conditions perfectly.)“ — Marilyn vos Savant Data analysis, maybe? You completely (again!) ignored his question about where you get your data from. That was extremely rude of you. The Computer is your friend. One thing this site is also “about” is that things should scale . Which this method of dealing with the above-mentioned problem does not . A useful comparison might be made with marijuana (where it is legal). It's not everyone's thing, and people should not assume it is, and instead design social events so both those who indulge and those who don't can usefully interact. Further reading (The “Leaf blowers for stamp collectors” thread): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6373983 The 4th is ( http://www.recompile.se/ ). We aren't very active yet - still trying to find the right hook to get people interested. We aim to provide a professional-style software development environment with somewhat of a free software activism slant. We do currently cooperate with the Filurum ( https://www.facebook.com/filurum ) gifted children group to provide a meeting place every week - in fact, it's what I'm doing later today. It is pretty disingenuous of you to claim that you can't get support, patches or bug fixes for any Linux distro from 2007. You can easily get those things. Just not for free . Just pay from the money you saved by not buying Windows Vista, and attribute some of this to the cost of not upgrading your operating system for six years . ◯ As is common, Joel said it all back in 2000: “Whaddaya Mean, You Can't Find Programmers?” http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000050.html Yes: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backronym > dash in place of bash by default in Debian, for instance Dash takes the place of the Posix binary /bin/sh for performance and memory reasons. The default shell for users remains /bin/bash — this is what a terminal application will run, which is what a “shell” is supposed to be. The /bin/sh thing is not supposed to be viewed as the shell, and its replacement is a non-issue in this context. Originally you said “a lot of GNU pieces have become less central or been displaced in many distros”. I challenge this statement and put it to you to provide examples. Simply saying “there are probably other examples” will not do. This sounds like simply wishful thinking to me. > So you don't think bash is now "less central"? The replacement of /bin/sh is not replacing bash. Bash has not been replaced. > Clang now provides an alternative C compiler. Yes, but are any Linux distributions actually switching to Clang? "Curses" actually refers to "curses". "ncurses" is new curses . From Wikipedia: “[…] ncurses is a free software emulation (clone) of the System V Release 4.0 (SVr4) curses, which was itself an enhancement over the discontinued classic 4.4 BSD curses.” “It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it!” — Upton Sinclair > You can see on the right side how his "cars per second" is _exactly the same_ than on the left side. Is it my browser, or is this completely wrong? For me, the right side moves about double the amount of cars into the upper edge of the image. And I believe that this is the point of the section — it wouldn’t make any sense otherwise. (Slightly OT) You do not have Google. Google has Google, and currently allows you to use it, with certain conditions, caveats, and fine print. Some people might not like the uncertainty and/or the tradeoffs required. Please do not act as if everyone should accept them as a fact of life. Besides, it makes more sense for an application to implement its own search, since the application has both the domain knowledge and direct access to all its own data. The lamp is irrelevant. Look at the cars . > Title: Why Not Use Port Knocking? For me, the answer is simple: It violates Kerckhoffs’s principle¹. If you want more secret bits that users need to know in order to access your system, increase your password lengths . If you want to keep log sizes manageable, adjust your logging levels . 1) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kerckhoffs%27s_principle Changing port is the wrong solution to large log files. This seems obvious to me, but maybe I can put forward another drawback of changing the port number: It is confusing . I mean, you could easily stop using the DNS and use raw IP addresses for everything - this should cut down on your attacks and maybe even spam, right? Nobody does this because it it insanely inconvenient, and ignores the solution to this inconvenience which DNS is. Standardized port numbers exist for many reasons - do not abandon them and create complexity for your fellows merely for your personal convenience. > The sequence of ports becomes a key. Yes, I agree completely. Which is why it buys you nothing compared to simply increasing your password/key lengths with the equivalent number of bits. On the contrary, it introduces confusing complexity for oneself and one’s fellows. Maybe this is what unconscionable people call “Job security”? > equivalent to adding a thin wood plank It is less like a thin wooden plank and more like a hedge maze which all legitimate users also must traverse each time. And all the hedges are made of asbestos. > it's not a security measure and it will inconvenience someone every once in a while So why do it ? And port knocking will inconvenience every user, all the time. > setting the port in ssh config costs you nothing It costs complexity for all users of the system. This includes you, all other people using it, all servers and their services wanting SSH access, etc. Standards are a good thing. If you have cause to worry about security holes in SSH, you should not rely on port knocking to protect you. > for a couple of sysadmins who cares we broke some standard?) (. I think I'll change the protocol numbers of TCP and UDP to use each others' numbers. Complete protection! No standard TCP/IP stack will be able to connect! Yay! .) Other have commented that this is a very thin API on top of the already existing LCX system. This worries me - maybe this is a move from Google to be able to switch away from Linux (their last GPL component in Android). “It only needs one small thing; if he will answer one simple question, the rest will follow. Why did he resign?” — № 2, The Prisoner , The Chimes of Big Ben “He knows when you are sleeping, he knows when you’re awake…” № 2: It doesn’t matter which side runs the village. № 6: It’s run by one side or the other? № 2: Oh, certainly. But both sides are becoming identical . What, in fact, has been created, is an international community – a perfect blueprint for world order. When the sides, facing each other, suddenly realize that they are looking into a mirror, they will see that this is the pattern for the future. № 6: The whole Earth, as the village? № 2: That is my hope. What’s yours? № 6: I’d like to be the first man on the moon. — № 2 & № 6, The Prisoner , The Chimes of Big Ben , 1967 Those are awfully vague allusions. If you have something to say and can back it up, then speak your piece. > Beating the shit out of an anti-gay protester I couldn't possibly care less about, though. So freedom of speech is only for things you (and I) agree with? It's not a big mystery, but, unlike you, I care about people getting assaulted for peacefully expressing their dissenting opinion, no matter how stupid they might be. I believe in caring about the right of unpopular opinions to be expressed — this is the essence of free speech. Space hulk! There was once a programmer who was attached to the court of the warlord of Wu. The warlord asked the programmer: “Which is easier to design: an accounting package or an operating system?” “An operating system,” replied the programmer. The warlord uttered an exclamation of disbelief. “Surely an accounting package is trivial next to the complexity of an operating system,” he said. “Not so,” said the programmer, “when designing an accounting package, the programmer operates as a mediator between people having different ideas: how it must operate, how its reports must appear, and how it must conform to tax laws. By contrast, an operating system is not limited by outward appearances. When designing an operating system, the programmer seeks the simplest harmony between machine and ideas. This is why an operating system is easier to design.” The warlord of Wu nodded and smiled. “That is all good and well,” he said, “but which is easier to debug?” The programmer made no reply. — The Tao of Programming , Geoffrey James Yes; I often direct people to this RFC. Unlike the linked site, the RFC is most useful for its extensive list on what to avoid in a host name. Very good list with all reasoning explained. That could bite you if you happen to start to work with someone with that name. Therefore, RFC 1178 recommmends not naming hosts using names of people. Yes. For some people this is not a choice , as such. It’s like wearing slightly uglier, slightly less comfortable clothes because they weren’t made by child slave labor. Is there a true choice what to wear? If you eliminate some number of products from your universe, random chance alone dictate that some of them must be the best at what they do, and you will be left with, for that program’s purpose, a product which makes you less productive. To search your home, a warrant is needed. To search a remote site, less is needed, and you might never know it’s been searched, back-doored and compromised. If I’m understanding you correctly, you are implying that it’s OK to buy things produced by child slave labor, because otherwise the slave children would starve. This is… an argument I won’t get into. Suffice it to say, I was merely trying to construct an analogy to demonstrate why, sometimes, using something less than the “best” product is preferable, and why, for some people, it can’t be considered a choice to use the less efficient product. That wouldn’t work. People subjected to this would: 1. Immediately kill the messenger, and 2. Continue to open executable mail attachments, because nothing bad has ever happened that didn’t work itself out in the end. But are you better for it, or have you just spent more time of your life watching what are, essentially, ads? Well, submit a FOIA request for it and see what happens. “I will never be a friend to the Roman people.” — Hannibal │ │ grid lines ─→ │ │ ╲ │ point │ ↘ │↙ │ ───────┼────────┼─────── │░░░░░░░░│ │░░░░░░░░│ │░░░░░───┼── pixel │░░░░░░░░│ │░░░░░░░░│ ───────┼────────┼─────── │ │ │ │ │ │ │ │ │ │ Figure 3. Points and Pixels …in 20 years, when the patent expires. That would not be assuming the worst; A J. Edgar Hoover 2.0 would still be a person . “Of all tyrannies, a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It would be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron’s cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience.” — C.S. Lewis I think nobody is denying that it adds security . The question is, does the added security offset the increased complexity and associated difficulties? As I understand his argument, it’s “Changing port number add security, therefore it’s a good idea.” I think nobody argues that it adds security . The problem is that: 1. It adds very little security: 16 bits is not much, and the result is not 256 bits (say) of SSH key plus 16 bits equals 272 bits, but instead effectively still 256 bits, or 256+8×10⁻⁷³ bits. 2. The security it adds is itself bad (sent in cleartext, easily brute-forced) 3. These problems stand against the many drawbacks of this previously discussed (complexity, confusion, etc.). And the final argument: If increased security is what you want, simply increase your key lengths and/or password lengths , and you will get much more than 8×10⁻⁷³ bits of security, without any of the above problems. There are more effective rate-limiting settings in the SSH daemon, and these have the bonus of not impairing the functionality of the rest of the TCP/IP stack. It follows, obviously, that creating these log entries in the first place (much less reporting them ) is a silly thing to do, just as receiving firewall logs for every packet to a closed port would be. I used the word “complexity” not in the meaning of “the installed system is more complex for having more software in it”, but in the sense of “I don’t want to feel like I’m entering Diagon Alley just for wanting to use SSH” – i.e. complex to use , not complex to set up . But your interpretation works too – they are both valid arguments, in my opinion. > But for the extra bit of protection against 0-days I am not in a position where I feel I need to worry about remotely exploitable 0-days in my SSH daemon. If you are, then your situation is, I feel, exceptional. That said, perhaps those people should sponsor a project to fix this for real . This could be accomplished by having not one program, but two, one after the other, both with realistic keysizes and security. The password/key to get log in would be then be the combination of two separate keys, one for each program. But what I have described is more or less the same as having a key/password-protected tunnel on top of SSH, so they could just use that. A 0-day in the tunnel/VPN would not allow access through SSH, and a 0-day in SSH would not matter since SSH can’t be accessed directly in the first place. This way, both the tunnel and SSH would need a 0-day at the same time for the security to fail. Like a RAID-1 array. If even this is not sufficiently secure, just increase the number of layers. > and bullshit amounts of logs This is a separate problem, better addressed by adjusting SSH to not log stupid amounts of stuff in the first place. > But, if they wanted to get more people using their library, I think that they should rethink their approach. They actually don’t want as many people as possible using their library. That is not the goal when choosing the GPL. The goal is to maximize the number of free users in the world – that is, users who have the freedoms which define Free Software. Mere users is inconsequential. If users is what you desire, then by all means, choose a permissive license (MIT/BSD/etc). > for a reasonable price. Either the license will be cheap, in which case nobody will get rich from it, or it will be expensive, in which case no product companies will buy the license and nobody will get rich from it. Basically, nobody will get rich from it. In 20 years, however, when the patent expires, it will be old tech, so probably only a single company will dare to invest research into a new product using this now-old tech. This company will know what happened last time: If the license was expensive, they will try to be cheap to avoid the same mistake twice, and it will be good tech, sold cheaply, which will probably sell well and make them a lot of money. If the license was cheap, they will want to avoid the stigma of the glut of low-quality goods the cheap license allowed back in the day, so the new product will be high-end (probably renamed and re-purposed to another field), which means a high margin, which has a good chance of making them a lot of money. Basically, some company will probably make a lot of money. In 20 years, when the patent expires. And maybe take a relaxing six-month vacation while you’re at it? Face it, not everyone is privileged enough to “quit on the spot” just like that. Reminds me of this: Don't Wake Up the Programmer! http://alexthunder.livejournal.com/309815.html He knows. Check out his comment history to see why he is. Piping commands to a shell will subject your (probably already completely specified) command names and argument to all sorts of modifications: brace expansion, tilde expansion, parameter and variable expansion, command substitution, arithmetic expansion, word splitting, and pathname expansion. I never do that; If I need a trial loop, I do the loop with all the relevant commands prepended by "echo" (and every ";", "&", "&&", and "||" properly escaped). Or slashdot. > People still buy LPs Effectively, they don’t. It just looks like they do, because compared to CDs, LPs do sell. But , nobody buys CDs or any physical media with music anymore. From https://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/html_node/GNU-Manuals.htm... The preferred document format for the GNU system is the Texinfo formatting language. Every GNU package should (ideally) have documentation in Texinfo both for reference and for learners. Texinfo makes it possible to produce a good quality formatted book, using TeX, and to generate an Info file. It is also possible to generate HTML output from Texinfo source. [...] Make sure your manual is clear to a reader who knows nothing about the topic and reads it straight through. This means covering basic topics at the beginning, and advanced topics only later. This also means defining every specialized term when it is first used. Programmers tend to carry over the structure of the program as the structure for its documentation. But this structure is not necessarily good for explaining how to use the program; it may be irrelevant and confusing for a user. Instead, the right way to structure documentation is according to the concepts and questions that a user will have in mind when reading it. This principle applies at every level, from the lowest (ordering sentences in a paragraph) to the highest (ordering of chapter topics within the manual). Sometimes this structure of ideas matches the structure of the implementation of the software being documented—but often they are different. An important part of learning to write good documentation is to learn to notice when you have unthinkingly structured the documentation like the implementation, stop yourself, and look for better alternatives. For example, each program in the GNU system probably ought to be documented in one manual; but this does not mean each program should have its own manual. That would be following the structure of the implementation, rather than the structure that helps the user understand. Instead, each manual should cover a coherent topic . For example, instead of a manual for diff and a manual for diff3, we have one manual for “comparison of files” which covers both of those programs, as well as cmp. By documenting these programs together, we can make the whole subject clearer. The manual which discusses a program should certainly document all of the program’s command-line options and all of its commands. It should give examples of their use. But don’t organize the manual as a list of features. Instead, organize it logically, by subtopics. Address the questions that a user will ask when thinking about the job that the program does. Don’t just tell the reader what each feature can do—say what jobs it is good for, and show how to use it for those jobs. Explain what is recommended usage, and what kinds of usage users should avoid. In general, a GNU manual should serve both as tutorial and reference. It should be set up for convenient access to each topic through Info, and for reading straight through (appendixes aside). A GNU manual should give a good introduction to a beginner reading through from the start, and should also provide all the details that hackers want. The Bison manual ( https://www.gnu.org/software/bison/manual/html_node/Concepts... ) is a good example of this—please take a look at it to see what we mean. That is not as hard as it first sounds. Arrange each chapter as a logical breakdown of its topic, but order the sections, and write their text, so that reading the chapter straight through makes sense. Do likewise when structuring the book into chapters, and when structuring a section into paragraphs. The watchword is, at each point, address the most fundamental and important issue raised by the preceding text . If necessary, add extra chapters at the beginning of the manual which are purely tutorial and cover the basics of the subject. These provide the framework for a beginner to understand the rest of the manual. The Bison manual ( https://www.gnu.org/software/bison/manual/html_node/Concepts... ) provides a good example of how to do this. To serve as a reference, a manual should have an Index that lists all the functions, variables, options, and important concepts that are part of the program. One combined Index should do for a short manual, but sometimes for a complex package it is better to use multiple indices. The Texinfo manual includes advice on preparing good index entries, see Making Index Entries ( https://www.gnu.org/software/texinfo/manual/texinfo/html_nod... ) in GNU Texinfo, and see Defining the Entries of an Index ( https://www.gnu.org/software/texinfo/manual/texinfo/html_nod... ) in GNU Texinfo. Don’t use Unix man pages as a model for how to write GNU documentation; most of them are terse, badly structured, and give inadequate explanation of the underlying concepts. (There are, of course, some exceptions.) Also, Unix man pages use a particular format which is different from what we use in GNU manuals. [...] Personally, I am just observing the complete vanishing of brick-and-mortar stores for physical media of music, and extrapolating. I could certainly be mistaken. Even the document I cited conceded that there are some very good Unix man pages — BSD Awk may very well be one of many, I have not read it. It follows, logically, that there could be some very bad Info documentation manuals, and the GNU Awk manual may very well be one of many; I have not read it. This does not disprove the point the citation made; namely, that the Unix man page structure is unsuitable for many things since its structure tends to make people write manuals badly, and there is no place for the kind of introductions and tutorials that good manuals should contain. On the contrary, the man page format lends itself to very strict and terse reference documentation, which is not what I would call a “manual”, as such. Someone should perhaps do a study of which of the two formats seem to generate the better documentation. > The bit that pisses me off is: man awk (see info awk instead). I think they fixed that but it was a pain in the butt for years. Is it in man or is it in info? The official GNU system documentation is in Info. Now, the GNU system is meant to be compatible with Unix, and Unix uses man pages. And since many GNU tools were (and are) not actually developed to be used in the GNU system as such, but instead find their major use and development as parts of various Unix variants, it follows that most of them have Unix have man pages too. Since writing documentation is work, and writing duplicated documentation is even more work, the man pages for GNU tools are often overly terse, incomplete and/or out of date compared to the Info documentation, which is the official documentation. Some well-known exceptions exist, notably GNU Bash does not have any Info documentation, but instead has an (enormously long) Unix man page. (You are demonstrably wrong, but I will address your implied point instead of your hyperbole.) I think that the hostility to Info comes from exposure to the standalone Info reader. It is non-intuitive, non-Unix-like, and does, as far as I know, not even support text attributes, so it looks bad even for a text-based UI. It is not very newbie friendly (like GNU nano with its very explicit menus to guide you). Nor is it consistent with other Unix-based text UIs like “vim” or “less”. Instead it behaves like a brain-damaged Emacs, but without even many basic text-navigation features from Emacs, so even Emacs users feel lost in Info. I feel that if someone made a module for vim or something to read and navigate Info documentation (and made it the default instead of the barebones standalone Info reader), then Unix people would warm up to Info documentation. Personally, I read Info documentation using the Emacs built-in reader. It is, unofficially I think, the canonical Info documentation reader, and it is beautifully integrated with Emacs. I prefer reading most manuals this way (if they have an Info version). An internet search will give me many different choices of documentation of unknown provenance, authorship, official status, datedness, accuracy, and comprehensibility. This, to me, is not helpful, since I have no way of knowing which are any good, even after reading them. On the other hand, Info documentation will give me the official, up-to-date, correct, and mostly well-written documentation. Internet searches certainly have their place if I want forum posts, mailing lists or blog posts, which I sometimes do. But I often want the official documentation corresponding exactly to my installed version of the software, and this is often harder to find using a web search than simply using the Info documentation, because of the above issues. Also, something to keep in mind in these modern times is that web usage is monitored. Local reading of Info documentation is not. Tools for searching Info pages are built-in to most Info browsers. I use the Emacs Info browser, which has both the usual Emacs way of searching (C-s and C-r searches both in the current node and in the whole document), and the Info Index, which is what I start with when looking up the reference documentation for something. Also, contrary to what you claim, Info documentation can and do contain images. For example, the HTML GnuTLS documentation here: ( http://gnutls.org/manual/html_node/OpenPGP-certificates.html ) was generated from Texinfo, and the images are still there when I browse the corresponding Info documentation with the Emacs Info reader. Those images are simple because they are generated from Dia drawings via EPS files, but images can be anything, just like in HTML. > My problem with info is the document structure. The manual for each application seems to be structured so differently with topics under specific titles and subtitles, I always get lost and it takes me a while to find the thing I'm looking for. Use the index – it’s what it’s there for. In the usual Info readers, it’s the “i” key. This is what I use when, for instance, reading the GNU C Library manual and wanting the documentation for a specific function, struct or macro. If you want the command-line switches for the “foo” command, the node to go to in the manual you find yourself when invoking “info foo” is called “foo invocation”; you go to a specified node using the “g” key. Then you simply use the space key to navigate serially through all the following nodes. There are only three more keys that I use when reading Info documentation.¹ I think it’s mostly a question of habit. Man pages has taught you to read mostly the whole document quickly, while scanning for the information you need. These are habits unsuitable to both to reading a book of printed documentation or Info documentation. If you have a specific idea of what you want to find, you use the index. 1) The “l” key – “l” for “last” – corresponds to a web browser’s back button, the “u” key goes “up” in the document tree, and the “t” key goes to the top of the current document. These five keys are all the keys I use for Info navigation, except for normal searching with C-s, but that’s Emacs. This should not be difficult, but it is. I suspect, as I wrote previously, that it’s not Unix-y enough. Reminds me of Joel’s classic “Fire And Motion” blog post: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000339.html I would have thought that the quality of police is measured not in their ability to shoot and hit something, but in their ability to refrain from doing so . Your equaling of “well-trained police” with “police marksmanship” is a bit frightening. The eternal claim of bubble-deniers is “This time it’s different!” This does not prove or disprove anything, of course. But it does make “This time it’s different!” an insufficient proof of something not being a bubble. I do not claim to have some proof towards either “side” of bubblism or non-bubblism. I was merely trying to point out that d4vlx’s comment essentially only said “This time it’s different!”, and I wanted to explain that this does not prove it’s not a bubble, since every bubble is different than the last one. My comment does not show that it is a bubble, nor was I trying to do so. The most that could be claimed is that I was trying to show that the possibility that it is a bubble still exists. I think you misunderstood me; the Index is not the table of contents or the list of headings. The index is what you access with the “i” key, and can also be read directly using the “g” key to go directly to the “Index” node. I agree, reading headings and navigating that way is mostly a waste of time when trying to find something specific. Which is why I never do it; I use the Index . So, this could simply be a smaller bubble. “This time it’s smaller!” is an equally non-persuasive argument. The risk of anything happening very much like the last time is always low. man -t ascii | lp - “Beautiful. Unethical. Dangerous.” — Lucius Fox, The Dark Knight The AGPL is exactly the same as the GPL, except that if there is a button to click to download the source code of the program, you are not allowed to remove that button. > Your target audience is techies […] “Techies” do not usually make purchase decisions. Those products that you describe sell well because the very same features you decry (Excel files, drag-and-drop web UI) are appreciated by those who actually make the purchasing decisions. Is there nothing to be said for consistency? Probably a false memory. Please add attribution before the beginning of the quote; otherwise it looks like the quote is from the open letter itself. No, they licensed the existing GEM graphical environment. You could also get GEM for PC;I saw a DOS program shipped with an embedded GEM runtime. If I have a copy of some information or software, and I can easily copy it to my friend, and my friend needs it, why should I deny him? Would I not be mean in denying him? If I would, then would you not be immoral for coercing me to be mean to my friend? That, in essence, is the argument. You could argue that your business model requires me, i.e. all your customers, to agree not to give their friends (or anyone else) copies. But the world does not owe you a living. If your business model requires you to ask people to behave badly towards their friends, then it is destroying the social fabric of society, and you could rightly be called immoral. Anyway, see https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/why-free.html if you truly want to read more. Inhabited solely, of course, by True Scotsmen. > What's your definition of 'need'? You're being weird. I'm using the word in its normal sense. > If your belief system relies on not compensating other people's hard work, then it is destroying the social fabric of society. Work does not intrinsically need to be compensated. The world does not owe you a living . It is up to you to do work that actually deserves compensation. It will not do to complain that everyone is using your work in ways you did not intend; it is for you to find a business model which takes the actions of people into account. It is also your duty as a member of society to engage in actions which does not, on the whole, damage society. > By not acknowledging software as property, you are entrenching the power of those who control other forms of property Perhaps. But this does not leave you destitute; property is not the only form of wealth. You have the ability to work, which you can sell. You do not need to go the roundabout way of working to create software, and then create this constructed form of property so you can sell this new form of “property”. You can just as easily sell your labor directly. Well, first, there are those who argue (although I’m not sure they are right) that all software the world would need would be written by people in their spare time; even many large complex software pieces have been made this way. I’m not sure if this will work, though. However, you are implying something more insidious: That one must forbid people to share software in order to make money writing it. This is obviously false, with many counterexamples. In particular, there is a company which is mostly writing the Gnu ADA compiler which is reportedly making money hand over fist. If one were to assume that this (or variants of it) is possible in all fields of software, then there is no good excuse for forbidding sharing of software, which does some demonstrable harm. I would argue that some free software projects can be compared to Google search and Watson. Sharing the source to Google would be better for society, but a bit bad for Google, and since Google decides, they are deciding not to. The same goes for Github. It’s the collective action problem. I think you are projecting; what is my "model"? Why would it fail? > free software always mimics commercial software badly One could argue against this, but let’s assume that it is true. Does this have anything to do with the necessity of allowing software makers to forbid the sharing of software? Are you arguing that it is impossible to make money with software which is not forbidden to share, when lots of people are doing it today ? Let’s say the world stopped allowing ideas and other non-rivalrous goods to be considered property. Would the world still need software? Yes. Would the world still need people to write software? Yes. Would the world be willing to pay people to write software they need? Obviously yes. The normal sense of ‘need’ is as in “I’m going shopping, I need milk.”. What does and does not damage society is certainly open for discussion. But when you frame it as “developers’ rights over the software they create” you are presupposing the conclusion. Why should ideas and other non-rivalrous goods be considered property? If I “own” an idea that you have a copy of, why should this give me power over you? > How about if you promised not to do that in your acceptance of the license agreement? I could do that, and then the ethical burden would fall on me to motivate why society would benefit more from my use of the software than it would benefit everyone I would potentially deny to receive a copy of it. But, the way you phrase it (“claim on the fruits of the software authors labor”) presupposes that it is property, and a rivalrous one at that. However, software is a non-rivalrous good, and whether it should be considered property is the question we are debating. Your Words. They do not make sense and you are quoting things I did not write despite what you “believe”. > forcing people to give up their software Well, I never said anything about any such thing, so I’m not sure which strawman you are arguing with. If you think I implied it, please show it, and be more explicit in your reasoning. > Then why should anything else be considered property? Because those are rivalrous goods. There is a difference, and I would suggest you look it up before treating them all the same. > You could buy a second copy of the software for the child. This is a “let them eat cake” response. All problems could be solved if one assumes endless resources. Also, you are assuming the software is still for sale. Perhaps it never was on sale; perhaps it’s a student-only edition provided by an institution. The point is: There are two choices: Obey the restriction the owner has decided and deny your help, or help the child and break your promise to obey the restrictions. (Let’s not discuss rivalrous goods; they are not relevant to the question at hand.) > What is the negation of the statement below? I don’t understand what you mean. The text below is a question, not a statement. Software is not a scarce resource; once it has been created, it can be easily defined as non-scarce. And before it has been created, if there is sufficient need for it, someone will pay to have it created. > why not use it only for Y years and give it to the public for the common good? Well, some people think this would be a good idea. Other people call those people “communists” and/or “anarchists”. So, the question is hotly debated, but also, for our purposes, irrelevant. We are debating the property or non-property status of ideas, information and software. > I know what rivalrous goods are. What on God's earth makes them so special and different from non-rivalrous goods? […] > We decided to [grant them special rights] as the other option was barbarianism and anarchy. And this is exactly why rivalrous goods are different. We have (most of us) decided that we agree they need to be granted “property” status. However, I do not think that defining software, ideas or other information as a non-ownable non-property would be “barbarianism and anarchy”. If you think so, please elaborate. The creators of software, ideas and information do decide the price of their services. The “political goons” decide, however, if the software, ideas and information itself, once created, should possess the status of property. I am arguing the side that claims that these non-rivalrous goods like software, ideas and information should be changed to no longer be considered property and have owners. I have demonstrated that there are compelling arguments why their status as property has downsides, and why eliminating their being owned should, at least, have no appreciable downsides, and could potentially be a boon to all society. You, however, seem to argue that since software, ideas and information are legally considered property (at least some of them, some of the time, in different forms), they are property. But this would be assuming that the law is correct, and you can’t do that, since this is the question to be resolved. I would still like to know why and how we will “devolve into Soviet-style bleakness” if software and ideas would no longer be granted property status. As a comparison, you could look at the clothing industry. There are no ownerships of patterns or designs there, but the industry continue to be needed and people are still paid to produce clothes. The odd cases of illegal copies you hear about are about trademark law , i.e. things fraudulently claiming to be a particular brand, but this is an issue of fraud and consumer protection against low-quality knockoffs, not a design or pattern property issue, since the designs of clothes are not property . > we value the creative output of individuals This all sounds good, but it is very theoretical. Let’s look at the more practical effects. As noted by many, the fact that the creative output of individuals can currently be owned has rather large drawbacks. So what do we gain to potentially offset these drawbacks? Note that these gains would have to be things we would actually lose if creative output of individuals would cease to have property status. Finally, are these gains large enough to overcome the drawbacks? Furthermore, there are many who argue that, should the creative output of individuals cease to have limits on their dissemination and use, society would gain more than enough to offset any potential drawback of this. It could also be argued that the cost would be entirely transitional, i.e. people would have to get used to new business models and move to different ways of doing business, and there would be otherwise no actual continuous loss by making the creative output of individuals non-owned. They’ve admitted using bad methods to scam their way into HN. Why are we still seeing them here? Their domain should be banned outright. Yes? Isn’t that an argument for my side of this debate, rather than yours? Please elaborate. A club good is simply an excludable non-rivalrous good. In this Internet age it is increasingly hard to maintain the illusion of the excludability of bits. There are large collections of drawbacks; books have been written about it. The two I can remember the name of are “Against Intellectual Monopoly” ( http://www.dklevine.com/general/intellectual/againstfinal.ht... ) and “The Case for Copyright Reform” ( http://www.copyrightreform.eu/ ). I would rather not argue specifics, but instead get you and people in general to understand what the argument is, and to get people to honestly investigate whether the cost is worth the drawbacks. I called your reply “theoretical” because it talked about principles, not about what society would gain or lose with any available options, without which no cost-benefit analysis can be made. Are you wedded to the idea that the principle should outweigh all downsides in this case? How much would you be willing for this principle to cost society? > US security officials demand that their bosses - not just the president, but members of Congress, diplomats, policymakers and military officers - take such precautions when travelling abroad because it is widely acknowledged that their hosts often have no qualms about snooping on their guests. “No qualms” indeed. I sincerely doubt they have done so with the same thoroughness as in the references I gave. Anyway, the original question (which started this thread) was by cscurmudgeon: “ I am curious. Can you be more specific? If I am making my living writing software, and if you buy a copy of it and make it available to potential customers, why is it immoral to ask you not to do so? ” I was not, I think, disingenuous in laying out the argument for people who, similarly to cscurmudgeon, had not grasped the argument for the other side. Note that I said bits , not only software. Most everyone has their music collection. Also, in regards to software, show me an average person who hasn’t had a pirated version of, say, Photoshop or MS Office. Even in business office settings it is, I am given to understand, very common. Also, does a mere legal barrier suffice to make something an excludable good? Could you turn, for example, the observing of the Statue of Liberty into an excludable good merely by passing a law mandating that only those allowed may observe it? Does not “correction” imply that there is a “correct” price for Bitcoin? Since it has absolutely no inherent value, what would this be? Zero? Or does its value derive from its utility as a medium of exchange (and associated transfer mechanism)? In that case, should its value be derived from the size of the global economy? (As done here: http://falkvinge.net/2013/03/06/the-target-value-for-bitcoin... ) Well, they don’t have a shore…