It's apparently more complicated than that. Here's a review by one of her former professors: http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/review... Yes, Javac is open source. You can't get any more official than that. http://openjdk.java.net/groups/compiler/ Neat. Is there a class hierarchy browser? I've always thought of humor as a way of gaining trust. A joke that succeeds proves that you share a common understanding about some aspect of life. This is why explaining a joke never works (if you have to explain it, it proves you didn't understand each other), and why it's much easier to get a friend to laugh than a stranger; if someone already knows and trusts you, any little thing will remind them of that trust. It's also why insider jokes are only funny to insiders; they are a way of proving shared knowledge and cannot work without it. It sounds like these researchers showed a special case of this: if you want be the leader in a situation then you need to be able to get people to trust you, so naturally would-be leaders will tell jokes in an attempt to create and reinforce trust. Also, if you're not a leader and you tell a joke then it could be considered a challenge by an insecure leader, so this will be avoided by people who don't want to rock the boat. But to say that jokes are only about aggression is too much. If everyone in the group is comfortable telling jokes then that's a sign that there's a lot of mutual trust. Compartamos in Mexico is a for-profit bank making microloans. There's some controversy about that: http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/05/business/worldbusiness/05m... A bigger difference is that the donors aren't the customers. A charity has positive cash flow so long as it pleases its donors, who don't necessarily know what's really happening with the people who receive the charity's services. "According to Ithaca Fire Department statistics, Lowe was the fifteenth person to die in Ithaca's gorges since 2000—and the fourth to drown in that particular pool since 1986. When most people think of gorge deaths, they think of the jumpers who have given Cornell an unwanted (and unwarranted) reputation as a suicide hot spot. But Ithaca Police Officer Doug Hoyt estimates that about half of those fifteen deaths were accidents caused by turbulent water, slippery rocks, fallen trees, and a host of other natural features. The local community has mourned each death. But Lowe's passing—coming in the wake of the drowning the previous year of Jeevan Mykoo, a thirty-year-old tourist from Ottawa, and the 2006 death of Navin Parthasarathy, a visiting graduate student from the University of California, Santa Barbara—has spurred a widespread debate about how to deal with the dangers and appeals of one of Cornell's great natural attractions." http://cornellalumnimagazine.com/index.php?option=com_conten... Bugs in things that radiation at people make headlines and people tend to remember them. It's called availability bias. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Availability_heuristic Canada's also turning parts of Alberta into a wasteland. http://www.flickr.com/photos/pembina/sets/72157621954583656/ I'd recommend Partners in Health, which has run a well-regarded hospital in Haiti for decades. More here: http://www.standwithhaiti.org/haiti/news There's no way to answer this question unless you say what the server is supposed to do. Why do you need "low-level control"? How do you plan to deploy the server when you're done? Who will maintain it? This is a repost of an article that's at least a decade old. It has references to jre 1.1.8, green threads versus native threads, and so on. How is that making fun of anyone? It's true, and people who actually take care of retarded children and adults have to come to terms with it. Who's going to take care of them when you can't anymore? The shock comes from finding selfishness in something that isn't selfish at all. How many people would volunteer to take care of retarded children they don't know for even a day? Absolutely! There are lots of one-person projects on Github; I have a few of my own. They already do what I want, but could be expanded to be useful to more people. Anyone who wants to dive in could make a big difference. The tricky bit is that I'm not really looking for one-person open source projects to contribute to, so how would I ever notice them? It seems like there's an opportunity here. There are contracting firms that take a far smaller cut. However, they won't find work for you, so if you don't find it on your own then you won't be paid. A reasonable compromise would be to require providers of alternative medicine to show that it's not harmful . Maybe it doesn't do anything, but that's for others to decide. Those are the standard claims, but drowning the reader in code that consists of lots of tiny, obscurely named functions (most of which you just defined), combined with abstractions based on high-level mathematics, limits your audience to people who would be comfortable reading mathematics papers. That's pretty much the opposite of making it easier to understand something. I like Haskell for the intellectual challenge, but if the aim is to write clear example code that will be understandable to a large audience, you'd be much better off writing it in Python. It's amusing to hear the common myth that the Linux kernel is a huge project. No, a huge project is something like Gentoo or Ubuntu. Try to put all the source code for every package in a Linux distribution into a single Git repository and it (obviously) will fall over, because it would be tough to fit that on one machine. So if you're using Git, the best practice is "don't do that, then." But I work at a large company where all the source code is in a single repostory . Being able to do a partial checkout (your package and its dependencies, on the head branch only) is essential for us and it's not a workflow Git supports at all. I do agree, however, that Git is fast enough for any open source project out there. It's just not scalable to large organizations. For Java I agree, more and shorter methods are better. But then I see Haskell programs with zillions of one-line functions and higher math to do trivial things, and then I can understand where he's coming from. In Ubuntu it wouldn't make sense because they're taking most of the code from upstream anyway and it changes slowly; I was just using it to give a sense of scale. The scenario where a single repository becomes handy is when you want to change a method in a shared library fix all the callers in the same commit, and you can do that because the code isn't public and you know all the callers. (It's much the same reason Linux prefers drivers to be in-tree.) But I'm not sure I entirely want to defend this model; just pointing out that it exists, and the people who like it aren't going to change how the whole company works just to adopt git. He forgets that feeling bad about previous mistakes helps you remember them and improves future decision-making. Someone who could immediately put previous bad choices out of their mind once they've made a decision probably wouldn't learn much. It's understandable that people get tired of repeating themselves, but on the other hand, if you're trying to be a leader and you're not selling your ideas to everyone around you who might listen (and using this as practice to improve your ideas and your sales pitch), you're not doing your job. I may not buy your argument but I'll respect you more for genuinely trying to sell it to me on it than for ignoring me. For phone numbers, this library might help: http://code.google.com/p/libphonenumber/ It seems like isBlank() would mean null or empty or all whitespace? No, you can't install your own C libraries. There's an imaging library built in: http://code.google.com/appengine/docs/python/images/usingima... I've not run it myself, but a neighboring team tried it and switched to Java due to latency issues. Remember that anything you do at startup will affect latency for some requests when App Engine has to spin up a new JVM. It's to your advantage to make startup times as fast as possible. "Don't allow yourself to get desperate. Studies about how people make decisions when under pressure show that you lose flexibility when there's a deadline looming. You try the first thing that comes to mind, and unless you're an expert, it's frequently the wrong thing (and even when you're an expert it's frequently the wrong thing). (Klein, 1998)" This rings true, but where could I read more online about these studies? As stated this is far too ambitious a goal. But let's say we don't worry about traffic analysis and just protect the content. What would a minimal "git with privacy" look like? The're terrible even at the bottom. The problem with 360 reviews is that writing reviews of your co-workers is excruciating, and the more inclined you are to be critical, the worse it is. It's essentially impossible to be honest without making people you have to work with every day unhappy, so I spend most of the time trying to think up nice things to say while not being completely dishonest. (And therefore I distrust the nice things they say about me.) I can't think of anything less likely to promote honest communication. If they're smart then it would actually be a very restrictive subset of Python, not the full language. Most importantly, the movie is great! Time to watch it again. And if you're the kind of person who likes to order a veggie burger with bacon, I highly recommend you watch it using YouTube's fine streaming DRM: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzTg7YXuy34 This particular proposal isn't very well thought out, but plenty of other people have had similar ideas, going back at least to Keynes: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_transaction_tax http://news.google.com/news/search?q=%22financial+transactio... You could start out that way and get pretty far, but eventually the language will get complicated enough that you'll want something more like LaTex than like JSON if you want it to be readable. Musical notation is often deliberately ambiguous to allow for interpretation. Tempo is often approximate. Durations are often approximate or implied (such as swing time). Volume is very approximate. And then there are various kinds of hinting. The hints need to be in the source code because nobody wants to specify them with more precision. But that said, I'd be perfectly happy with something basic that runs in a browser. So how do you find out whether they're ignorant of that? A good way is to search for things that people probably didn't mean to reveal publicly. If a large number of people don't know what they're doing, that's a UI design fail. It doesn't matter whether they should have known. (I suspect Twitter has the same problem. People should know it's completely public, but I suspect many don't.) Coming from Perforce, I'd say that git's model seems overly rigid. In Perforce, workflow looks like this: - edit files A, B, C, D, E in the default changelist. - put A and B in changelist #1 - put C, D, E in changelist #2 - oops, C is the wrong changelist. Move it to #1. - edit file F (starts out in default changelist) - put F in changelist #1 - send both changelists out for review. - edit file B based on review. Run tests to make sure both CLs work together. - commit one of the CL's So the basic idea is that I have multiple changelists open simultaneously and the contents of the changelists are fluid. I can keep changing my mind about them until commit. Of course, since Perforce CL's are file-based, this all breaks down if I want overlapping uncommitted CL's. Git handles that better, which is why I'm using Git now. But I still miss the ease of use of Perforce when working on multiple CL's. Sure, the commits in Git are only local and you can always edit them until you do a push, but it seems like I have to plan ahead more and commit more often, or I end up having to split or merge CL's using commands I'm not very comfortable with. Yep, that's the standard answer. But (a) why does the average investor care about short term liquidity? Mutual funds only let you sell once a day and most people are perfectly happy with that. And (b) what good is liquidity that disappears when you need it most? It's a self-serving argument at best. I sometimes wonder why the whole thing couldn't be replaced with a giant daily auction. Again, that's the standard answer, but it's frequently repeated and never proven. I don't see it as anything more than conventional wisdom. I wonder if this is true? From: http://pinyin.info/readings/texts/chinesewriting.html "Since Cantonese, Shanghainese, and other nonstandard varieties differ from Mandarin not just in sound but also in vocabulary and grammar, the characters cannot bridge this gap by themselves, even with their relative neutrality toward sound.7 Much of the core vocabulary of non-Mandarin Chinese has no counterpart in Mandarin and no recognized character representation. Conversely, many Mandarin terms for which characters do exist are foreign to non-Mandarin speakers. The fact that nonstandard speakers can read a text in the standard language simply means that these speakers are bilingual. They have learned written Mandarin as a second language. They know enough vocabulary and grammar to make sense of Mandarin texts, much as I know enough French words and grammar to read that language (without being able to pronounce it convincingly, much less to speak it fluently). If Chinese characters have unified the Chinese languages, then the alphabet has unified French and English. "The characters do allow nonstandard speakers to use their own pronunciations to read Mandarin texts. So instead of acclimating to the national standard, nonstandard speakers reinforce their own speech habits and add to the vitality of their "dialect" by introducing new vocabulary from Mandarin, which they pronounce their own way by analogy. Whether alphabetic scripts should be used to provide China's non-Mandarin speakers with the means to become literate in their own language is a political question outside the scope of the present inquiry. But one thing is certain: since non-Mandarin speakers are forced anyway to learn a second language, it would make more sense from the viewpoint of those promoting unity if this bilingualism were achieved through Mandarin written in the pinyin alphabet.8 The incentive to learn the national standard, including its pronunciation, would be higher than it is today if one's ability to read depended on it. As it is now, nonstandard speakers work their way through standard texts using whatever pronunciation comes naturally, not fully learning Mandarin and not reading their own languages either." Yes, many people are working on solutions, but I think the point is that for green industry to succeed, growth in energy consumption has to actually stop, and preferably reverse. It's good to be clear about about the goal. You realize that this isn't about renting a U-haul, right? It's about traveling, on foot or by public transportation, to somewhere where you don't own any land, don't speak the language, and don't know anyone. In other words, to become a refugee. There are plenty of people like that already, but they tend to move to the cities. Actually, he doesn't think much of Julian Simon and says why. Actually, what I meant to say is that fossil fuel consumption has to stop growing and preferably decline. But there are limits to green energy too. For a British take on this: http://www.withouthotair.com/ In the short term, sudden changes in energy consumption are very disruptive. (For example, see gas prices and the auto industry last year.) But a longer-term, gradual shift towards less energy usage need not be. Flight fundamentally depends on cheap, portable energy. When energy is cheap and travel times are long, spending more energy to get there faster makes sense. But the Concorde was already on the marginal side of that curve. Those faster planes, not to mention things like flying cars and jetpacks, are dreams from the era of (apparently) limitless cheap energy. Passenger space ultimately depends on cheap energy too, which is why the innovation we see is in things like entertainment systems, climate control, bigger windows, reduced noise, and so on that don't require more space. A correction: the article refers to Kevin Kelly as the "founder" of Wired, when actually it's Louis Rossetto. (I wonder what else they got wrong?) Since technology companies are a major cause of the high cost of living in Silicon Valley (by increasing the demand for housing by people who can well afford to pay), it's hard to see how you can reduce the cost of living without making Silicon Valley less attractive to entrepreneurs. Supply is fixed by the amount of land, the consensus that remaining open spaces should be protected, and zoning laws in desirable communities that prevent higher density. Of course this could be relaxed but that only buys us a few years before the new housing fills up and we're back where we started, but with a more crowded community, one step closer to Manhattan. The steady state in a built-up place like the bay area is zero growth in housing. You can split it up any way you want to, so long as you don't require more than 1-2 transaction per second in each entity group. On the other hand, lots of tiny entities doesn't perform well either. So it's a pretty severe design constraint. To get decent performance for batch jobs, I use the remote API with bulk gets and bulk puts and no transactions. But that's useful only for inserts or when you've taken the application offline. There may be an interesting effect, but I previously read an article questioning whether the study did enough to rule out placebo effects: "Taken on its own merits, this is a nice piece of biochemistry. But what does it really tell us about acupuncture? Does it actually validate this ancient method as a way of relieving pain? After reading the paper, you might walk away with that idea that we’re one step closer to understanding how a treatment with real medical benefits really works [...] "But these results have to be considered in the light of those that came before it. As mentioned above, new scientific discoveries stand on the shoulders of giants and in the case of acupuncture – one of the most well-researched of all “alternative therapies” – those shoulders are particularly large. "Many trials have demonstrated that acupuncture does have some pain-relieving effects – that is not in doubt. And as Steven Novella notes, unlike things like homeopathy or reiki, with acupuncture “something physical is actually happening… so it is therefore not impossible that a physiological response is happening”. But the big questions are whether this effect is genuine of nothing more than a placebo." From: http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/notrocketscience/2010/05/3... Unfortunately, it doesn't explain to the newcomer why this language is worth learning. I was expecting some kind of feature comparison or "Why another language?" article. (That's a first impression. Then I read the comments here, and discovered it's based on PLT Scheme, which at least tell s me a little about what to expect.) Looks like the best way to get rid of this is to use the secure search: https://www.google.com/ Why does any reasonable investor need to sell within minutes? What does this solve that a giant daily auction wouldn't solve? It seems to me the only reason such speed is necessary is to beat everyone else, and that's only necessary because everyone else does it. Yes, but only when significant news happens at the last minute. (Think about why companies release earnings after the market closes.) Preserving data for future historians is a good thing but why is it so important to preserve your own data? Do you really think that's what will be the most valuable to them? It seems better to contribute to projects like the Internet Archive. Also, the value of data depends partially on its scarcity, and I expect data about us won't be particularly scarce. More data is better, but when doing a bulk analysis, 10 terabytes of family pictures will not be all that different from 10.1 terabytes of family pictures. That's a good first step, but the next step is to ask why people didn't follow the rules. What sort of pressure were they under and what were their incentives? That's when you start asking questions about corporate culture. Logarithms are tricky with complex numbers because rotation wraps around if you go 360 degrees (2 pi i). Maybe they're not morning people? I sometimes get on a bad cycle of work late, stay up late, sleep in, and get into work at 11 the next day. It's not because anyone asked me to keep this schedule. If you get someone who seems not to care or makes you uneasy then you're not going to hire them, right? The thank you note is a little bit old school, but how else do you figure out if they're going to be easy to work with, if not how they behave on the interview? The Readability extension helps with the font size and formatting but not with the very long paragraphs and lack of section headlines. I can see it as purely an academic exercise. But what good is inventing a language that nobody else knows? How do we communicate? How do we share code? Languages are important to the extent that people decide to learn them and use them, and that way lies politics. If you can honestly say that you get always get everything done on time then that's huge . If you say that the design on these websites isn't your idea then I think potential employers would be understanding, but better would be to build something simple on your own that shows what a website looks like when you do it your way. If you assume no more profits and a fixed cost to winding the company down (you can't actually get all the cash back) then buying back stack reduces the cash to required expenses ratio, so it would make sense for the stock price to go down. At the point where cash equals the remaining expenses then the stock is worth zero. But this shouldn't happen for a profitable company, even if they are "out of ideas". My impression from this post (as someone more familiar with Java and Python but who has tried Ruby a bit) is that it's a complex, fast-moving ecosystem that's somewhat difficult to keep up with. Not a bad thing, but a bit daunting for people who don't do it full time. There are other fast-moving ecosystems that I already have to keep up with. It likely has the side effect that that web searches will bring up a lot of obsolete articles. A well-written post, but how does this help your aunt who just wants to follow you in Facebook? The report is apparently not online, though you can give them your email address here: http://www.ncwit.org/resources.thefacts.html [Edit: actually it is, just click "no thanks"] There's another article here: http://www.readwriteweb.com/enterprise/2010/06/ncwit-report-... "The NCWIT report contends that 56% of women in technology companies leave their organizations at the mid-level point (10-20 years) in their careers, a costly loss of talent." Maybe this is just Silicon Valley bias, but I have to wonder about who stays with the same organization for 10-20 years! I would expect most people to have worked at two or three companies by then. I wonder whether they addressed that? Since we weren't there and don't know the person, all sorts of interpretations are plausible, including that the person telling the story got it right. Why do you choose to assume they got it wrong? Sounds like the just-world fallacy to me: http://youarenotsosmart.com/2010/06/07/the-just-world-fallac... Thanks, skimmed too quickly. But after reading it, I see that all their statistics comes from another paper: "The Athena Factor: Reversing the Brain Drain in Science, Engineering, and Technology" by Sylvia Ann Hewlett, et al, which Harvard Business Review will sell you for $300: http://app.post.hbsp.harvard.edu/athena/athena13/landingpage... There's a summary here: http://www.nature.com/embor/journal/v9/n10/full/embor2008178... This might be a more accurate summary: "Although SET companies are struggling with a shortfall of skilled workers and can ill afford such a brain drain, roughly 52% of women between the ages of 35 and 40 leave their jobs largely because of 'hostile work environments and extreme job pressures', according to the study." Regardless of whether they go on to another company, it's alarming that there are that many hostile work environments out there. Compare "I doubt this is a problem" with "Alarming if true. How can we determine whether this is really a problem?" Both are expressions of skepticism, but one shuts down further inquiry and the other encourages it. Willpower is a limited resource, at least in the short term: http://scienceblogs.com/cortex/2009/12/willpower.php I think it's essential. Not knowing the internals both means that you're more likely to screw up and type the wrong git command, and makes it less likely that you can get yourself out of trouble on your own. It's hard to actually lose data with git, but you need a good understanding to fix things. Much better explanation here: http://ctuning.org/wiki/index.php/CTools:MilepostGCC The basic idea is to use machine learning to pick the best set of gcc compiler options for a program. A better optimizer for a compiler is useful but it's hardly a revolution. Edit: to clarify, this isn't just choosing command-line flags, but using machine learning in the compiler's internals. I didn't say it's essential for other source control systems. It's only essential for git. This is why git is so annoying to learn and I'm reluctant to recommend it. Unlike, say, a filesystem where you can understand it at the POSIX level and there's no reason to understand disk sectors, the internals of git are exposed and there's no simpler model of how it works. Many of the commands don't make sense unless you start to understand the internals. Yes, we know how it works. Someone was looking at what happens in the common case and didn't think of this edge case. It's a reminder that social situations are complex and though we try, it's impossible to think of every edge case. That's why you need a way for people to report bugs to you, a way to quickly disable features that aren't working, and a process to fix them. A video phone isn't for routine phone calls or for marriages or funerals, but there are lots of family events in the middle. It's common for relatives to sometimes be unable to show up for birthdays or Christmas. I have an aunt who bought a video phone to do that when she's in Florida. I suspect you could get something almost as good with a tabletop-sized bot. Just ask one of your colleagues to bring it to the meeting and leave it on the table. Something so small and easily moved could be designed to be completely unintimidating, which could be an advantage in some situations. That's not a great analogy. Using cheaper components to cut costs requires more engineering effort; this is a form of optimization. For a prototype, you might just use more expensive components if it's convenient, since the per-unit cost doesn't matter much. When writing software, there's no direct analogy because usually the components we build our programs out of have hardly any per-unit cost. We don't save any money by using a crappy third-party library over a high-quality one. Using a library with lots of unnecessary features may be cheaper both for prototyping and for the final product. There is a free, open source version of IDEA now (without all the plugins): http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/free_java_ide.html Memory usage depends on how much source code you have. A startup will never have enough source code to worry about it, unless you do something silly like compiling all your third-party libraries from source. It wasn't until I joined Google that I started seeing performance issues. It's not completely defensible, but it's not a lyrics site either because they'd have to write the bingo card generator too. The point seems to be to relate the content back to something else you own that nobody else has built yet. I find it useful to remember that finance can only solve problems to the extent that it changes what people do in the real world. What is retirement savings, but a way for older people to convince younger people to do work for them? Money is a persuasive way of doing that, but regardless it's older people depending on younger people to take care of them. Compare these scenarios: - people save for retirement, so many old people are have money to spend. Lots of young people go into occupations that help old people because that's where the money is. - the government provides pensions, so many old people have money to spend. Lots of young people go into occupations that help old people because that's where the money is. Either way, the real-world effect is the work that young people do. There are always risks and they can't be wished away. The government could change the pension plan. (But note that in the U.S, social security is very well defended in Congress, and more older voters makes it more secure.) Or the price of services that old people need could go up because there are fewer workers or because they dislike the work. As an individual, having above-average savings helps, but by definition everyone can't be above-average. If all retirees double their savings and supply is fixed then inflation is inevitable. To a first approximation the only real-world solutions are to increase the number of workers (immigration or increased birth rate) or to to increase productivity so fewer younger workers are needed. Agreed that abstraction is itself the problem - very abstract things are more difficult to understand than concrete things, because there's nothing to grab onto. I know you're trying, but you're going to lose the beginner as soon as you get to the code example - it's just too terse and foreign. Remember that people who don't know monads also don't understand Haskell very well, so they need to know your intentions before trying to read the code. You have to explain this in English . First you'd have to explain what the comma function does (creates a pair), what liftList2 does (takes the cartesian product and applies an operator to each pair - oops, that assumes the reader knows what cartesian product means!) and what the liftMaybe2 does (applies a binary operator if both arguments are not null - er, I mean Nothing). In Java all these methods would have JavaDoc, so you have some clue what the author intends before reading the code. I think readable Haskell would probably need five times as many lines of comments as actual code since so many functions are one-liners. It's much like math: if you really want to explain things so a beginner will get it, you need half a page of text and maybe some diagrams per equation . Personally I like this Monad tutorial. We can at least say that a Monad is more like a macro syntax than like a data structure and people will get the vague idea: http://kawagner.blogspot.com/2007/02/understanding-monads-fo... If you're looking for something like 80's Basic then I recommend trying out Processing. It has a reasonable IDE and the graphics commands are very similar. Processing.js would work too but it needs an IDE. I partially disagree with #4: it's actually a good idea to cite your sources - certainly a better idea than a lot of the other boilerplate commenting I see. If your only source for a business rule is "conversation with Bob in Sales" then say that. For another take on an English-like computer language, try out Inform 7 [1]. It also suffers from being too English-like, but it's a somewhat more successful experiment. Also, writing obfuscated code is fun. [2] [1] http://inform7.com/ [2] http://slesinsky.org/brian/code/i7_poetry.html There's no sure way to win with everyone, but usually you get more points by asking the interviewer what sort of answer he or she is looking for than by blindly making assumptions. Part of the point is to see whether people have good communication skills and can deal with ambiguity. Get everyone who's working on a big problem together in one room. It raises the question: if this works, why not do it all the time? I can imagine this works great until you create so many patches that you spend all your time upgrading your dependencies. (Or just stop upgrading.) Maybe saying that hackers want to work with other hackers isn't general enough? People who are good at what they do attract others who are also good at what they do. While it's true that working with the best programmers is a draw, so is working with the best artists or graphic designers or physicists. Mutual respect can cross disciplines. Actually, the visitor pattern doesn't actually solve anything - it just moves the problem around. At best, it makes your code more complicated in return for getting a compiler error when you forget to implement something. Example: if you have 150 monsters then you would need a MonsterVisitor with 150 visit() methods. Now when you add a new monster, you have to add another visit() method and perhaps implement it in each visitor (unless you implement a default instead). And this doesn't work at all if you load new monsters at runtime, unless they always get the default behavior. There's little advantage over switch statements with defaults so long as you have a way of remembering where all the switch statements are when you need to update something. The narrative wouldn't work the same if it were a novel or a film. To take a simple example, watching someone else being reluctant to incinerate the Weighted Companion Cube would only work as part of a screwball comedy. If you have to do it yourself, it's still a funny situation but it feels a bit different. And if you want to focus on the game, there is an interesting game mechanic, too. "Just plugging some OCR algorithms into a midi player" is severely downplaying a difficult task. OCR algorithms designed for text aren't likely to be immediately applicable to musical notation, which is pretty complicated, not all that standardized, and often ambiguous. This is the sort of area where deep knowledge really pays off - it's not just throwing together a website. Assuming any software can be patented, I don't doubt there are some algorithms to be discovered in this area that qualify. Hopefully the patents aren't so broad that others can't work around them. Would you notice if someone stopped posting on Hacker News? Does that mean Hacker News isn't valuable? What if someone decided to stop editing Wikipedia? When you read the news, do you remember the byline of every story you read? For large public conversations, most of what you read is contributed by people you don't know. Your friends' contributions are only a small part of what makes the place what it is. And yet the overall effect is valuable. So post or don't post, as you please. There are only a few people whose posting schedules I keep track of, but I still value the overall effort. That's a bad way to think about it. You probably don't want to work on the same project forever anyway, and if you're so smart, teaching other people what you know is the most important thing you should be doing . The bottleneck on many projects (especially those that are either poorly defined or particularly novel) is not coding speed, but rather learning speed. The faster the team learns about the problem it's really solving, the environment the solution has to live in, the people who will have to use the software, and what the possible solutions are, the faster you're done. Of course I don't know you, but my impression based solely on this post is that your missing skill might be getting knowledge across without making the person you're talking to feel bad. That is, coming across as a patient, friendly teacher without being condescending. People like that are worth a lot. The "I'm more technical than you" game is commonly played in hacker circles but encourages us to behave badly. Does it bother anyone else that this story is illustrated with pictures from a movie about the invasion of Normandy? What were they thinking? The way "instant personalization" works is that when you a visit one of the few sites where this is turned on, you are automatically logged in using your Facebook account (if you have one) without asking you first . The lack of explicit consent for linking accounts on two different web sites together is the privacy violation. Once you know about this you can turn off that feature in your Facebook settings. More here: http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2010/09/scribd-facebook-insta... Actually, there are third-party services that have made a business of collecting locations of Wi-Fi routers and I believe Google subscribes to them. On the other hand, how often would a customer care whether a salesperson switched jobs? Is it really the case that the only thing keeping a customer in a business relationship is that they like the salesperson? If the product and the rest of the relationship is still solid, I'd hope they'd be stickier than that. The teacher is oddly missing in your scenario. It's a pretty bizarre claim. How can anyone credibly claim that the housing bubble had anything to do with science ? But I can see why the Wall Street Journal editors like this guy. This is an appropriate working style for dealing with legacy code. The key is to be able to switch gears when you're writing new code that doesn't integrate so heavily and you aren't so constrained (more typical in a startup). Different environments require different working styles. This applies to numbers in JSON as well: if one end is JavaScript then you can't assume large integers will survive a round-trip. (GWT emulates longs.) I think a new language could win by being more portable. A compiler that targets Intel and ARM is no longer interesting. But a nice language with a compiler that can create libraries usable in JavaScript apps, iPhone apps, Android apps, and App Engine apps would be very interesting. Anarchy is fun and all, but it also might be amusing to combine it with a "like" button and reputation. You can buy a developer phone. However, I'm not sure you can get one for any carrier. Android is the only mainstream OS I know that does better than this. Are there any others? http://code.google.com/p/testgal/ It's pretty clear he has a few misconceptions about economics. First of all, maximum efficiency happens when people are out of work. So, however inefficient a government job might be, so long as something gets accomplished, it's less inefficient than one alternative. In times of low unemployment, we might say that government inefficiency is the problem since it crowds out private investment, but currently there is a worse problem. Unless you're competing with the government to hire people (and how many companies do that?), you don't lose anything when the government puts people to work. Yeah, but they're spending tax dollars, right? Well, the only reason the government has to collect taxes is to prevent inflation. It's not because they need the money (the Fed can always create more money). It's to offset the inflation caused by government spending. (This is quite similar to a MMORPG where you need to control the sources and sinks.) We can talk about better ways to drain the system that would provide for better incentives and more interesting economic activity, but there have to be sinks somewhere , or money loses its value. A few things wrong with that: - Since inflation is so low, the government doesn't actually have to raise taxes. (This is the part people don't seem to get - taxes are to prevent inflation, so when there's no inflation, there's no reason for a tax increase.) - Currently, money is not the limiting factor for investment. Savings are up, investment is down, and money can be borrowed at very low interest rates. If investors wanted to invest more, they could, but they aren't. Your example is the same (economically) as paying one person $50k and giving away $50k to someone else. Capacity is standing idle due to lack of demand. It's the sort of thing that makes economists joke about burying cash in mines for people to dig up (Keynes) or dropping money from helicopters (Bernanke). Of course, it all changes if the economy picks up again. Only if they would have been employed otherwise - not especially likely in this economy. Also, most government jobs are lower paid than private industry. If people are declining your job offers to go work for the government, that suggests something's wrong with your business, not with government. 1) Well that's true, but we were talking about competition for workers, not customers. Most government services don't compete with businesses for customers. The few exceptions show that private industry does successfully compete with government (Fed Ex and UPS versus U.S. Post Office.) 2) Maybe they could, but in practice, most government jobs don't pay high salaries. You're much more likely to be outbid by another private company. It's a question about how a balanced budget amendment should work (if we had one). Balancing the budget every year would be a worse idea than requiring it to balanced over several years. In most cases, the signaling works the opposite way. If the authors of a website can't be bothered to make it work well in current browsers (which shouldn't be that hard, just don't do anything fancy), people assume either that they're amateurs or they're targeting a specialized audience, most likely the former. Requiring a specific browser is a form of playing hard-to-get. That's also a form of signaling, but it doesn't work by itself. You need some other way of convincing people that it's worth jumping the hurdle. The next step: Snopesbot. Emotions seem to be essential to decision-making. People with brain injuries preventing them from having emotions find many things impossible to decide. [1] But however much we rely on emotions and intuition in our own thinking, they're not easy to communicate, especially to skeptics. Those of us with a scientific and skeptical mindset try not to accept irrational arguments from other people. [2] So, in some sense, an idea without a rational justification isn't worth very much (yet), because you can't convince most people that it's correct. But it still might have a lot of potential! And if we're talking about hacking then there are other forms of persuasion (code and demos). [1] http://changingminds.org/explanations/emotions/emotion_decis... [2] This is especially true of mathematics where rational arguments (that is, proofs) are valued far above any other kind of argument. I wrote something vaguely similar, but it relies on App Engine: http://midiserver.appspot.com/ https://github.com/skybrian/Midi-Server Agreed that this stuff is way too nonportable. JavaScript lacks 64-bit integers and binary data, just for starters. You can emulate these things (GWT does) but not efficiently. Byte code isn't necessarily the solution though. It might be a good idea to add these types directly to JavaScript, so they're usable both directly and as an object language. Hmm, I suppose one way to go would be to require students to use a version-controlled word processor for their writing, and submit the version history. It could still be faked, but the difficulty of creating a good fake would make the economics less favorable. If it's badly faked, then the version history would provide evidence that's more likely to hold up than a teacher's suspicion about the student's writing. It's sad to see fast fiber optics (and the expertise that goes into building and running it) wasted on gaming the system in this way when a change in the rules would remove the loophole giving people incentive to do it. It's an opportunity for a business that can somehow put non-highly-skilled people to work and make a profit doing it. But startups don't usually think that way. Everyone wants to work at a place that sets a high bar for hiring. You're assuming the conclusion, that continuous buying and selling is the only possible way to run a market. But another way to run it would be to have an auction every five minutes. That way there are more buyers and sellers to match up, so it's more likely that everyone gets a fair price. And don't talk to me about liquidity - nobody really needs to trade that quickly. EBS probably wouldn't lose those customers if there were a government regulation about it. Or are they going overseas? I'd like to read more about those attempts, if you have some pointers. Randomized entries would be obviously fake. To be a convincing fake, they have to make sure it doesn't conflict with the student's work schedule, class schedule, and so on. That means deciding when the student was supposed to have been writing the paper, which requires quite a bit more coordination and drives up the cost. It's over-hyped as usual, but this looks like it could evolve into a handy way of generating snippets of working code that you can then modify. Think of it as an alternative to doing a Google search for a useful example to start from, or a better kind of Rails scaffolding. It may seem odd, but when providing a service to the general public, your users are also suspected attackers - in effect, you're protecting your customers from each other. Treating your customers well without trusting them is an interesting problem to solve, whether for airlines or for web apps. I'm guessing that the guy in the leather pants probably got the idea from reading about Godel numbering. If you're interested in this, you might like this book: http://www.amazon.com/Godels-Proof-Ernest-Nagel/dp/081475816... It's more active than that. A trait that enhances reproduction and reduces longevity will be selected for, so whenever there are engineering tradeoffs between reproduction and longevity, evolution will select in favor of reproduction. It's a mistake in Java too. It's often convenient to simply skip implementing equals() and hashCode() because you don't plan to use an object as the key to a map. In that case, attempting to use it as a key should fail to compile, so you know you need to go back and add it. The Comparable interface shows how it should be done. (But on the other hand, if you were starting over it would be better to learn from Go's interfaces.) I wonder how he knows what they're downgrading him for? Most interview processes don't give the candidate any feedback - just "hire" or "no hire". From the other side, I certainly don't expect perfect code on a whiteboard, especially if they're typical mistakes that even experienced coders sometimes make. Or maybe add multiprocessing? In Chrome it uses less than 1/6 of the available CPU's on this machine. I think there's a good argument that an enlightened media company would find it in its long-term interest to fight for the first amendment. Establishing the legal right to publish possibly controversial content allows them to do business without operating under a legal cloud. However, based on Amazon's message [1] they don't seem to consider this a good test case. [1] http://aws.amazon.com/message/65348/ Why post this now? If it actually happens tomorrow, post it then. Posting speculative links about things that might happen in a few days is noisy, even if newspapers are doing the speculation. Being first with the news isn't that important. The key is being nice to your users without trusting them at all (since they could be bad guys). A neat trick if you can manage it. The airports are doing spectacularly badly at it. For printing, this is a start: http://code.google.com/apis/cloudprint/ Older documentation might actually be a disadvantage. Older tutorials often tell you out-of-date ways to do things, and do it in a not-so-hip way. I'm sure some are, but it's not mainstream. For example, the Django team hasn't started porting to Python 3 yet. For now, you can ignore Python 3. It seems like formerly popular but effectively dead languages tend to be most popular with sysadmins. (It explains bash, sed, and awk, at least.) So I'm not sure that being popular with sysadmins is really what the folks who want to revive Perl are going for? Yes, there's particular style of code called "self-documenting." It's a good style and I recommend that everyone learn it. However, it doesn't do everything. It's good at explaining what happens and how it happens but not why. Comments are for explaining why . Without knowing the original programmer's intention, I'm still mystified. I'd guess he or she was taking notes. I don't know how it works with Facebook, but sometimes the interviewer has to write up the results for the hiring committee, and just saying "hire" or "don't hire" isn't enough - you have to justify your answer. Well, sort of. Most projects at Google have headcount budgets that they can't go over without management approval. But even if you have the headcount, you still need to find people. That's sufficient for some kinds of testing. It's not sufficient for performance testing or testing for changes in user behavior. There are cubes, but shared offices are also common at Google. Not many private offices, though. While it's true that anonymous inner classes implement a form of closures, among the folks talking about the next version of Java, "closures" has become the shorthand for the various proposals to improve the syntax for callbacks and/or add true anonymous functions. It's all imperative code. Would someone who really knew Haskell write it differently? I haven't used contracts, but I think if you have more assertions in your code then you need fewer assertions in your tests. But you still need to exercise the code with about the same number of tests, or your testing won't find the bugs. Do you consider getting an upgraded implant someday, or is that not practical? After playing with it a bit, I'm guessing it would be most useful for image galleries that contain a lot of irregularly sized images and you want to fit a lot of them on the screen. Or something like Google Image Search. With Android apps (and iPhone I presume), it seems that you pay once and automatically get any available updates. I'd guess that would work reasonably well for small utilities, so long as they continue to get new customers. I don't know whether this has changed, but years ago when I worked there, the music analyst jobs required that you already know some music theory. (The training is to learn their system.) It's a good day job for musicians. I don't understand the economics. It sounds like you're saying that there's no place in the world for a fully trained (though perhaps less ambitious than before) scientist, so it's better to start from scratch with someone new, who presumably will take many years of training to get up to speed. I don't see how we can afford such a wasteful system? It hardly seems wrong to judge a protocol by the client software when there is only one client worth mentioning? Do you know what you'll be doing? If not (which is common at Google), you might want to push back on that, to make sure you'll like your first job there. It's likely they'll say that it's something they don't normally do. This may be because they haven't decided yet , and the system isn't set it up to support it. So make it clear that you're on the fence and want to talk to the team you'll be joining, and you can wait while they figure it out. This all depends. Some people are ambitious and work long hours, and others (often with families) have more regular schedules. There's a lot of talk about work-life balance. If you know what's important to you, you can probably get it. I wonder if anyone has tried this: suppose that to make page transitions faster, you strip out everything from each page other than the data itself? The page should just contain the main content (which would have to be fetched via AJAX anyway), and JavaScript can fill in things like sidebars and navigation. What about git repack? If you want the same algorithm to work everywhere, you can't write the library in C. It will have to be written in some intermediate language with generators for all common scripting languages. The closest thing I know of that's widely used is the generators for proto buffers. We need something like proto buffers for algorithms. Ben Laurie has started on this: http://www.links.org/?p=864 Look under "Cache Settings" in Maps. There's a checkbox for "Prefetch on Mobile". If it's off and you're not using Maps while on Wi-Fi then I wouldn't expect much caching to happen. You can also see how much data Maps has cached. I don't have a data plan and I find caching works well on my Nexus One when I ask for directions before leaving the house. I haven't tried it on a long road trip though. For comparison, the cache size on my phone is 37M now. He wouldn't get any support calls because it would be very hard to get a paying customer to use a Java API like this. In particular, TakenBack.fold() isn't idiomatic Java. In other words, he's basically defined the question so that only people who think like him can answer it. And yet, this isn't the only way to write a tic tac toe solver. Kalid got this one, but I'll put in a plug for my alternate explanation: https://docs.google.com/present/edit?id=0AR9d_8p4dUK2ZGdiZno... Here's the best article I've seen about how to donate: http://blog.givewell.org/2011/03/11/japan-earthquaketsunami-... "At this point we strongly recommend holding off on giving to this relief/recovery effort. We believe that money isn’t a cure-all, and that there can be such a thing as an 'overfunded' relief effort even in a devastating disaster. We don’t know yet whether that is the case with Japan, but we believe that the next few days will bring valuable information about it (and we will be providing updates in this space). We also believe that waiting a few days will not diminish the impact of your donations." I don't think any cameras would survive in there. They're inferring what's going on based on sensor readings. My understanding is that new heat continually gets added because the nuclear byproducts decay. It's exponential decay with a long half-life. I hadn't thought of this, but it makes sense, considering that normally the cooling rods are kept in ponds for years after being removed from the reactor. Things get worse as the temperature goes up. Instead of the rods starting to melt, eventually the fuel could melt. (Also, there's no chance of it going back online after getting flooded with seawater.) They were hydrogen explosions, not nuclear explosions. This is the sort of language feature that looks very neat at first, but there are simpler ways to solve the same problems. If you want to search a space by trying all possibilities ("generate and test"), the most straightforward way is a nested for loop with an if statement. The advantage of using nested for loops is that it's pretty clear that there's a performance problem and most programmers will have a good idea what to do about it. (Perhaps change the order of the loops, do checks in the outer loops to avoid running the inner loops, and so on. For larger problems, figure out how to parallelize.) Of course, a for loop isn't very modular, so something like Python's generator expressions might be more suitable for building pipelines. In Java, this can be done with iterators and some good iterator utility methods, such as those in Guava. Perhaps this is a case of a bandwidth cap that's working as intended? If people figure out where they're wasting bandwidth and fix it, that's more bandwidth for everyone else. Without any incentives, who knows how long it would have taken? You're disagreeing with the implications of this story (and I agree that it was a special time for Facebook apps), but are the facts wrong? I'm wondering how much to discount it. If about:gpu shows that your video card is blacklisted, you might try starting Chrome from the command line with --ignore-gpu-blacklist to see if it still works. Except that this is actually news, and some of us are interested in ongoing developments in Fukushima. It's one of the bigger engineering stories going on right now, after all. You don't have to read the comments or argue about nuclear power to be interested. Perhaps the thing to do is declare victory and stop changing the API. If the jQuery core didn't change for a few years, would anyone really mind? (Performance and compatibility improvements are always welcome, though.) Bad example. You're not going to find someone stoked about catfood, but I think you could easily find someone who loves their cat and cares about nutrition. People who love animals aren't hard to find. Please do write this up! I'm sure someone on the Chrome team will want to know. Unfortunately this can too easily devolve into proof by lack of imagination. Properly weighing the risks requires a certain amount of paranoia. When the person who's doing the security review cares about what the outcome is, they won't be imaginative enough when thinking about how the data might be misused. You almost need an adversarial system. Are there really startups that can't afford $9 per month? If you're serious about charity, you should be reading http://www.givewell.org/ The real question is why more companies don't follow Google's lead and use an auction for their IPO. That lets anyone buy if they want to and lets the market decide the price. This is what links are for. An evergreen article can be promoted by a tweet or a more recent post that puts it into context and explains why it's relevant today. History needs historians to direct people to it. How recently? Google Docs has gotten faster at syncing in the last year or so. Yes, many plans to do charity work are half-baked. But I'm actually pretty pleased with this story since they're publishing their failures rather than sweeping it under the rug. Market incentives aren't really there to reward charities for being really effective; most charities raise money by telling a good story. Few people dig deeper because digging deeper is hard. As far as I know, http://givewell.org/ is the best thing out there when it comes to evaluating charities. Also, I highly recommend reading Poor Economics , a book that just came out that describes some more solid research using randomized trials. I wonder if anyone has tried slowing down some posts - sort of like a "hellban," except that the user's comments do show up for others after a few hours, making back-and-forth arguments less likely. In GMail, you can mute a discussion using the "m" key. (There is also a GMail labs feature that makes it work a bit better.) Also, within a thread, new messages are posted at the bottom. Pair programming done right has some pretty effective counters to this: * Time passes much more quickly when you have an audience you want to impress. * You're less likely to waste time surfing the web when you're working with someone. * If your pair thinks you're drifting off, they can say "how about you drive for a while." Of course it's easily defeated if both people decide to slack. No. Even with the Internet, stable currencies still have unique advantages. Stable assets are more useful for writing long-term contracts. People who are trying to avoid risk (rather than pursue it) will want to write contract terms that have future payments in a stable currency rather than in some more volatile asset like gold or stock. For example, if you wrote a contract where one person does the work and the other one pays in gold in five years, how do you know whether it's fair or not? Would you be willing to take either side of the bet? It's all going to depend on where you think gold will be, and if opinions differ on that then it makes contracts that much harder to write. Of course there is inflation risk with any currency, but usually it's at least possible to estimate it and make allowances for it when setting a future price. It's a matter of degree and Bitcoin isn't even close to being stable. Both upside and downside risk are a problem, for opposite sides of any deal. There's also little reason to think that broader adoption will make it more stable. Supply is fixed, but demand could go either way, depending on greed and fear. For a stable currency, you need a stable demand that can withstand (at least to some extent) big swings in popular sentiment. Over the long term, lots of assets are better investments than cash. That's not what I'm getting at. If I go to the store and prices are in dollars and not Bitcoins, or if loan payments can't reasonably be priced in Bitcoins, they aren't performing one of the primary functions of money. Put it this way: people are excited because the price of Bitcoins in dollars is going up. If things were priced in Bitcoins then it wouldn't make any difference - the prices would still be the same (in Bitcoins). Google Maps on Android has some offline caching now, so sometimes it does work. (Though as well as if it had the whole database.) This article is using "GUID" in an unusual way (for the general concept rather than the specific format). I think that's likely to confuse people. Better to be more precise: Git uses a sha1 hash as a unique id. Sure, it's the reverse of goroutines, which allow you to do easy asynchronous programming using synchronous code. You can turn it off in search settings. (Under the gear.) It's reasonable and it tells you something about the organization's values, but it only goes so far. Overhead costs are a poor way to judge a charity's effectiveness. More: http://blog.givewell.org/2009/12/01/the-worst-way-to-pick-a-... That's true as far as it goes, but this gets very tricky to analyze, because if you don't buy the used car, someone else will. If you do buy it, what would the other buyer have done instead? (Bought a new car? Kept running their old car?) Assuming it's not a gross polluter, keeping a car on the road longer than it would have been otherwise is probably a win, since that extends the average lifetime of the fleet and reduces demand for new cars. But that has more to do with good maintenance over the life of the car, rather than what transactions happened along the way. You're dreaming if you think a data center outage can't happen at any reasonably-priced data center. It doesn't matter what they promised or what high tech equipment they have. It happens at Google and at Amazon and it will happen to you too, eventually. You're picking some bad examples for future growth. Instead, look at the problems people really want to solve. I'd pick health care as something that's just going to keep growing. As long as people have health problems, there will be a market for attempts at solutions. As the rest of life becomes more affordable, more money can be spent on this. Well okay, in the really long run, perhaps health care will someday be a solved problem. But that's not going to happen without lots of market growth and investment in the meantime. The author may have some good points, but this essay is so poorly organized that it's hard to tell what they are or put them into proper perspective. It's mostly a good argument for teaching essay-writing in school. The author may have some good points, but this essay is so poorly organized that it's hard to tell what they are or put them into proper perspective. It's mostly a good argument for teaching essay-writing in school. There must be a corrolary to Godwin's law that says any financial system will eventually be compared to a giant Ponzi scheme. New metaphor, please! More work always needs to be done, but you might be getting a skewed view of things by looking at problem articles. What happens if you pick a random sample of articles weighted by how many page views they get? That's closer to what the average reader sees. The article says he worked on Circles. Someone seems to have generalized that to give him credit for every new design that Google is launching. Nice idea, but surely you can't introduce a new cross-site communications protocol without discussing the security implications?