I would put this more on the reporter. He knew full well what the plan was, and chose to put himself in the situation voluntarily. I suspect there's also a bit of embellishment going on. Because the language of the GPL is highly centered around "linking", a GPL operating system doesn't present the same kind of corporate use/acceptance/etc issues as a GPL app or library. GPLV2: "This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs. If your program is a subroutine library, you may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the library" Consider that perhaps I'm not an idiot. Regardless of pedantry, a GPL OS does not raise the same kinds of issues for a typical corporation that a GPL library or application does. I see the downvotes. Funny, because this really is the part of the GPL that stirs up controversy at corporations. Yes, it doesn't say "linking" exactly. It talks about "derivative works". Then, the FSF, separately, says that linking to a GPL library (or integrating into a GPL program) is a derivative work. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License (Check the "Linking and Derived Works" section) Or, have a look at the LGPL, created specifically to address this problem. Note that the FSF isn't thrilled about the LGPL. That's the big driver behind why a GPL OS doesn't create the kind of stir in a corporation that a GPL app or library does. Not saying it's right or wrong, just pointing out the difference. I'm not sure there's a reasonable way past the "Napoleon Dynamite Problem". They mentioned, in the article, other movies where it's difficult to predict if someone would like them or not. The list was “I Heart Huckabees,” “Lost in Translation,” “Fahrenheit 9/11,” “The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou,” “Kill Bill: Volume 1” and “Sideways.” Personally, the common thread I see across those is that the viewer would be more likely to enjoy the movie if they had the right context. Kill Bill, for example, is far easier to enjoy if you've seen (not necessarily liked...but have seen) cheesy old Kung Fu / Karate movies. Napoleon Dynamite is easier to appreciate if you were socially awkward yourself in high school. There's also some humor in there that's more relevant if you were a kid in the 80's, as well as some humor that might make more sense if you lived somewhere rural, or even more specifically, rural Idaho/Utah/Wisconsin. All that to say that Netflix may not have enough data at their disposal to know if you have the right context to enjoy movies that almost require it. Are there screenshots of the interface somewhere? I don't see any, and it's not clear if signing up without paying would let you see the interface. Today, I use Anveo.com for this sort of thing. It also suffers from a relatively stodgy web presence, but the call flow builder, used to route incoming calls, is pretty much a full fledged IVR...really nice. Screenshot here: http://i.imgur.com/54aJqGn.png Mentioned the same thing in a different comment. Love Anveo (screenshot here: http://i.imgur.com/54aJqGn.png ) Would like to see a screenshot of this app...it looks like you have to sign up and pay to see the interface. Is there a service provider for which that isn't true? Father Guido Sarducci would be proud. "Just add water, and Mr. Tea does the rest!". Shame the video isn't anywhere I can find it. The video of the Father Guido Sarducci "Mr Tea" skit from Saturday Night Live? Thinking probably not :) >>How do they survive? Churn and burn. So long as the cost to bring the site up on a new domain is lower than whatever the profit is (ads?), the DMCA is just playing "whack a mole" ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whac-A-Mole#Colloquial_usage ) I was, at first, amazed at the price point. Olimex, who are in a position to know, says that the BOM for this adds up to more than $20. https://olimex.wordpress.com/2015/06/05/how-to-get-in-the-ne... So, it's basically a marketing ploy, which is still cool, but they will have to find some way to make up the difference post launch. Assuming they manage to avoid 3rd parties cloning accessories and undercutting on price. That seems to be the pattern in this market. As a retailer myself, I wouldn't be thrilled with the model where the customer pays with their credit card on jet.com, then jet.com pays me with their own credit card and contact info. Not because I don't want the customer saving money, but because I am now not clear on who the customer actually is. What happens if there are customer service issues, an out of stock situation, returns, refunds, chargebacks, etc? Is Jet.com prepared to deal with all of that in this middle-man setup? "When a Jet customer buys items that aren’t in its inventory or available from partner merchants, a Jet employee buys the items from another website and has them shipped directly to the customer." http://www.wsj.com/articles/frenzy-around-shopping-site-jet-... Edit: The context is that the article at the top of this thread is showing one way they are sort of "faking" partners. The concierge model I'm referencing is another. Hopefully, it's a temporary thing, because it's messy. It might go lower, yes. But, the BOM is just the pile of parts. Doesn't include the board, assembly, etc. It seems clear the actual cost per unit, even with significant volume, will be substantially higher than $9. $5, for just the Allwinner chip, without the onboard memory and storage, IS competitive. Since they are using the SOM version with ram+storage, I wouldn't be terribly surprised that just the main chip would be more than $9. I would go one further, and say that's the primary motivator. Preemptive restructuring. "so this doesn't ameliorate any of EU's concerns" The announcement seems deliberately vague. You're right in that it doesn't specifically address the EU concerns, but it creates a structure where that's easier to do. Two main areas. It prepares you, in terms of financial visibility, experience, etc, if the most painful of anti-trust remedies (breakup) ever happens. AT&T, for example, would have likely proposed different terms for their breakup if they had better visibility into how Western Electric would have performed on its own. It provides more public financial visibility into some areas of concern, early. For example, it looks like Google fiber isn't staying with Google. Google fiber is probably a concern for at least US anti-trust regulators. >>I couldn't think of anything for U Also a stretch, but... universal analytics or maybe url shortener? (goo.gl) It's chess, not checkers. One move at a time. Also, minor, but Fiber would be an interest point for anti-trust, just not in the EU. Yes. I expected to see an article about stock images being overused across lots of publications, and whatever the fix for that is. The US prison/jail vendor ecosystem is a trap as well. The phone system is a good example. Inmates have some scheduled time where they can make phone calls, provided someone on the outside has funded an account. You, of course, expect it to be a little more expensive than normal phone service. However, here's the reality. You deposit $25, then: - $7 service fee for the credit card processing - $4.50 for the first minute of every call - then $2.50 a minute for any subsequent minute So, yes, a 2 minute phone call, within the same state, costs the family $14. These are real numbers, from one of the big vendors in the space...Global Tel Link. Source: Have relative that was in jail...this is what I had to pay. Here's an older article on the subject: http://www.prisonpolicy.org/phones/pleasedeposit.html Just to note that phones are the tip of the iceberg. The jails and prisons are taking huge fees from commissary accounts, charging fees to see a doctor (even if you were assaulted), etc. Also things like reducing to 2 meals a day to save money. Or worse. Search google for Sheriff Joe Arpaio's outdoor tents, in Phoenix, where the average high temp in July is 41C/106F. It's really shameful. Online spreadsheets. The end users are conditioned already on how to navigate with find, home, end, etc. Edit: Seems like it might break on-page find though, right? "IF you created the ability to store the same database across several files, I would be most grateful to you." http://www.sqlite.org/src/doc/trunk/src/test_multiplex.c Can also confirm, handover is smooth on republic. The 1GB plan is a little lower than Google Fi as well. 2GB is the same cost as Google, 3GB is slightly higher. "from a privacy perspective, I trust Google more than T-Mobile or Sprint" From a privacy perspective, I would not trust an advertising company (Google) more than a telecom. Google is perhaps better about disclosure to a Government entity, but they would be worse about exploiting your data for their own ends. Seems many here do trust Google with their personal data. So, I suppose that implies they are not only a marketing company, but a good one :) Mmm. Unix like OS with controversy newly swirling about init replacement. Déjà vu. Not sure what you're trying to say. Launchd may not be a 100% function for function equivalent for init(8), but it does replace it, along with the rc subsystem. "launchd(8) replaces: init, rc, the init.d and rc.d scripts" (source: https://wiki.freebsd.org/launchd ) Some background that's related. http://graphics.wsj.com/google-ftc-report/img/ftc-ocr-waterm... I'll suffer the downvotes, but going forward "Flash Ads" == non-Google provided ads. It doesn't hurt Google to hobble ads from competing networks. The forms part is a great start. There's a pretty ripe market to grab current customers of Intuit's Quickbase product if you add the other online/rad database app features. Quickbase's pricing model is terrible. DabbleDB, before they were bought out and shut down, was on their way to doing just that. The leader in this space at the moment is Intuit, with their Quickbase product. You can get a rough idea of the customer base here: http://quickbase.intuit.com/customers They claim 1/2 of the Fortune 100 are customers. https://ifttt.com/ I can almost feel the awkward vibe that went into not directly comparing search results over the years. It would have made the demise of real organic search too obvious. Oh paypal. https://www.paypal-community.com/t5/My-Feedback-for-PayPal-A... I suspect IT customers actually wanted something in between the two extremes. Your existing IT customers may feel okay about it now, but could change their minds if, for example, a fairly drastic UI change is pushed out. Interesting, but the title is misleading. They aren't operators, but rather mostly combinations of operators with potentially useful side effects. A description section doesn't change the fact that the title is misleading. Clickbait is clickbait. Reading the article they finally get down to what it is...98 lines of perl that serve as a url specific content cache. A somewhat odd solution for a php driven website. Since you're in php already, a more typical solution would be to use apcu to have the cache in shared memory. Or, if your needs are more complex, using an already established cache like the one in nginx or varnish, etc. Whatever they did served their needs, but I'm not clear on why "we made a one-off url+param keyed cache" rates an article. Right, the idea would be to put the logic at the top of the main php file for wordpress, something like: # oversimplified, but... $key=md5(http_build_query($_GET)); $content=apc_fetch($key,$success); if ($success === TRUE) { echo $content; return ;# never invoke wordpress } # wordpress here # some logic at the bottom to store what wordpress # just rendered into the cache >Ability to set rates does not define the employer-employee relationship. It could. In the US, there's no hard/fast definition that gets down to that level of detail. The IRS says: "In determining whether the person providing service is an employee or an independent contractor, all information that provides evidence of the degree of control and independence must be considered" Certainly "who sets the rates" would be a consideration. Interesting. Both the CEO and the President are former Travelocity execs. The total of all rounds of VC funding for Gilt was $280M. My wife created Facebook profiles for my dog and her fictional alter ego years ago. She logs in an posts things as them on a semi-regular basis. The profile pictures are a dog, and a comic book character. The profile info similarly is very up front about what the ids are. Not sure what the enforcement policy was or is, but I can say that it isn't real comprehensive. Maybe they only act when something is flagged by other users? Looks like the beginnings of a QuickBase competitor, which would be welcome...Intuit's pricing model is terrible. I had high hopes for DabbleDB before Twitter bought them and shut it all down. Good for them. There's no real competition between Fedex and UPS. Both raise their rates around 5% every year, even with fuel costs dropping dramatically. The claims process is specifically designed to be difficult. Might be more interesting if Amazon decides to open up to outside customers and re-instates real competition. Both UPS and Fedex had better rates and service when DHL was still competing with intra-US shipments. So, it's a major expense, but would require "years of low prices" to have an impact? Huh? Fuel and "Purchased Transportation" (also indexed to fuel costs) are their two largest cost categories. They pass hedging costs directly via fuel surcharges, which is unrelated to rate hikes. "Both FedEx and UPS reported that fuel costs were down about 35% from the year earlier in their most recent quarter" From the article: For 23 hours a day, 4,000 inmates are locked in concrete 6-by-10-foot cells, sometimes for years, with little if any human contact, no access to rehabilitative programs and a diet that can be restricted to a foul-tasting brick of bread and potatoes known at the prisons as “the loaf.” Apple doesn't ever seem interested in providing something that's a commodity. If they did get into it, I assume it would only be for some premium, same-day type service. Yes. Especially when it's manually reported. https://forms.icann.org/en/resources/compliance/complaints/w... I believe that "root is root" is just shorthand for... If you aren't using unprivileged containers, then the only approach you have for making the container more secure than chroot is a whack-a-mole style approach. By whack-a-mole, I mean trying to map out the attack surface, and using a hodge podge of tools to try and close them (kernel cap-drops, apparmor, se-linux, firewall rules, overlay mounts for /proc, /sys, etc). I think it's reasonable to say that the whack-a-mole approach isn't truly more secure. In the same way that having a vault door on the front of your house, next to an open window isn't any more secure than having the door wide open. I agree with the premise, but I'm not aware of an open source firewall that can provide the same functionality and scale as Juniper's product line. You can certainly provide, for example, open source designs for a specialized ASIC, but it doesn't mean anyone could afford to actually make it. Mmm. For those downvoting, it's fairly easy to compare features and throughput. The pfSense team is making great strides, and has a roadmap that starts to close the gap. But, there is a notable gap. Compare throughput for a 3DES vpn for example. Or total throughput with filtering on. FWIW, it's not just three strikes. In Texas, for example, charges can be enhanced, up one level (Class A/B/C misdemeanors and felonies) for a single prior conviction. The enhanced charge then later, becomes leverage to further enhance future charges. It has resulted in some odd sentences, including 16 years for shoplifting a candy bar. This was someone with lots of prior charges, but all of them for relatively minor shoplifting offenses. The felonies mentioned in his history were "enhanced" charges. http://lubbockonline.com/stories/070100/sta_0701000106.shtml... A potential workaround...quote the local part: "chad"@example.com It seems to be supported by Exchange, gmail, and a few other MTA's I tested, and gets routed to the right place. The tools he mentions support "resume ability". https://www.gnu.org/software/wget/manual/wget.html#Time_002d... Not sure I understand your point. Wget does recursive crawling, and supports timestamp comparison. Perhaps you are noting that it wouldn't prioritize new pages over changed pages? Or that it doesn't support something like "don't check for changes at all unless the download is more than X days old?". Generally, yes, there is some point at which wget would fall short of a purpose built tool. I think that point, though, is farther out than you're suggesting. >>It doesn't keep the crawler state It does though. Just not in the way you're expecting. The timestamp support would keep it from re-downloading anything already downloaded (though it would do an HTTP head for the comparison). Or, it also has a "no-clobber" feature that would keep it from even trying to download. Yes, both approaches are more limited than a specific state datastore, but there is state. Cutting to the chase, they seem to depend heavily on a month long trial period, where the work is performed as a contract resource versus an employee, at a $25/hour rate. $25/hour as a straight invoice (subject to self-employment tax), is roughly equivalent to a $40k/year salary at a company that gives -0- benefits, at all. I have no idea if this has any correlation to the salary they ultimately offer. You're right though...it would seem to narrow the field down to those willing to severely undervalue their work for at least 30 days. $25 an hour is paltry for this type of work, no matter the duration. The duration of one month is from the article. It appears to load all of it's large animated gifs all at once...18MB total page weight. There's a bit of code to try and stop path traversal, but it doesn't account for passing d=.. as a url param. A shortened test case using the same code as the app to try and thwart traversal: That would allow you to upload a file one directory above the intended $photo_dir. Interesting to see the anecdotal evidence in the comments that the ACA has been very good to some, and very bad to others. It's been particularly bad for us. The covered employees are largely older (40+), with families, and it's a fairly high-end policy with a low deductible and a high percentage of covered inpatient costs. We pay 100% of the premiums for employees. The cost, for one employee with a family, is now over $1800/month. It is a high end policy, but...WOW. I found a few bits and pieces searching around. The most specific thing was a few bullet points from the resume of a person that did an internship at Bebop: • Implemented modular front-end components & architecture to enable rapid app development on the bebop platform • Designed an intelligent peoples directory by surfacing relationships within an enterprise by analyzing the bebop entity dataset So, some sort of cloud RAD tool. The more interesting conflict (since she donated her windfall to charity) to me is that she's on the Board of Directors for Intuit, makers of Quickbase. From what little information I can glean, Bebop would be a direct competitor to that product. The typical approach is to use realpath(). That would expand out any relative portions of the path, which you could then compare directly with the expected path and know for sure it's in a subdirectory of your intended photo directory. If you go that way, though, you'll also want to stop using the literal '/' and use the DIRECTORY_SEPARATOR constant so that your script runs on windows. realpath(), aside from expanding relative paths, would convert / to \ on a windows platform. What is "an ATS"? Applicant tracking system? Above top secret? Can you share roughly how many employees would have come in the aquihire? $380M is a big number. For those not keeping track, that's the third major breach I've heard of where user data was exposed. Previous Incidents: April, 2013: https://blog.linode.com/2013/04/16/security-incident-update/ January 2014: https://blog.linode.com/2014/01/19/an-old-system-and-a-swat-... (they mention the breach almost in passing...the swatting is unrelated) I really want Linode to do well, but this may be it for me. VPS providers that are typically pitched as Linode Alternatives. Not 1:1 equivalents, but may work depending on your needs. Vultr, Ramnode, Wable, iWStack Or, depending on the number of VPS's you have, you might like: - Aliyun, the cloud service from Alibaba - A dedicated server from OVH, or their mid-tier brand, SoYouStart. This is my personal favorite. They have real DDOS protection, Data centers in North America and Europe, reasonable web interfaces, lots of available IPV4 space, and DIRT CHEAP prices. Run proxmox as the distro, and you get a decent interface to create and manage VPS instances. The most important piece would be to try and split instances across at least two of these providers so that you have some fast recourse if something goes wrong. For the things I'm running, doing a nightly rsync of the data from one provider to another suffices as reasonable insurance. Totally agree with the premise of being diplomatic and calm, even when a customer is wrong. However, it almost reads like he's saying he should have just issued the (undeserved) credit the customer asked for. Personally, I think that could be just as costly over the long term...it sets a precedent that the customer will likely leverage over and over again. There's an "undo send" feature in gmail (settings->general) that has saved me a few times. I wish it would allow for a send delay higher than 30 seconds though. Sounds exactly like a protection racket to me. Artificially create an urgent need for a service, then sell the service. "z" is the marketing term for all of IBM's mainframe products. There are several different operating systems that can run on the mainframes. This port only applies to those running Linux on their mainframe, which isn't terribly common. Most would be running zOS ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z/OS ) or TPF. Their VM hypervisor is also commonly used. IBM's official product to run z/OS on an intel box is here: http://www-03.ibm.com/software/products/en/ratideveandtesten... It's just under $5k USD for a 12 month single user license: https://www-112.ibm.com/software/howtobuy/buyingtools/paexpr... The AS/400 isn't a mainframe. It sits in the same space as VAX/VMS and the HP3000 line. Edit: The common term for these, during their heyday, was "minicomputer" or "midrange". I suspect it's the wide range of special operators, variables and default arguments. Knowing, for example, that shift() shifts @_ by default. That <> iterates over @ARGV. That chomp chomps $_. Messing with @INC changes library search paths, etc. Or, perhaps the syntax for dealing with elements in a somewhat deep data structure, like: push(@{$TV{$family}{kids}},"anotherkid"); Sometimes, people are just griping about regex syntax though, which seems disingenuous, since many languages use the exact same pcre expressions. I like perl, but if it's been a while, there's definitely some back and forth with books to decipher something I wrote some time ago. >>It largely depends from whom you learn. In my case, when you learn :) Ibogaine, and it's effect on GDNF (a brain protein), is reported to have a similar effect[1] on both alcohol and heroin addictions. [1] at least to a layperson like me. >>Your comment actually made me scroll back to >>...check this thread was.. about Perl 6, not Perl 5! Well, the context of the parent, and it's parent, was not Perl 6. I would say both yes, and no. My experience in B2B is that medium to large companies will want to pay you via ACH. However they have little to no interest in entering their online banking ID and password into something like what Stripe is providing. They already make ACH payments, using their own tools, and all they want from you is your routing and account number so they can do so. Assuming you are a US company, with a US bank account, you've already been able to accept ACH payments in this way for some time. This setup from Stripe seems to be targeted at consumers, or maybe small business owners, as the purchaser. I'm sure that's a need, but probably not a huge one. Many of my customers that are medium/large businesses want to make ACH payments, almost none of the small businesses have an interest in that. And where the purchase price is large, those customers don't want some 3rd party interface to send the ACH...they typically already know how to send an ACH. They just want your account+routing so they can do it. In short, this solution from Stripe fills a niche, but it's a very narrow one. Your description does not match Stripe's documentation. Specifically, there's no mention of matching geo-IP to billing address. The problem I see with Stripe's fraud prevention is that it appears to be "all or none", with no visibility or control on our end. The only control knob appears to be whether to allow Stripe to automatically decline things it thinks are fraud. It doesn't appear to provide any detail on why it thought something was fraud. So it seems to leave two choices: - Allow stripe to decline things, and try to address false positives manually. There is no "go ahead and charge this button", by the way...you would have to contact the customer. - Set stripe not to decline things, but lose even the limited visibility to "stripe would have declined this". The real problem, in my mind, is that fraud risk for both the banks and providers like Stripe is really small. You risk very little. The vast majority of the cost goes back the individual merchants/sellers, who have the least visibility into what the risk of an individual transaction is. Thus, there's very little incentive for the banks, or stripe, to provide decent tools. A shame, because your ability to see the bigger pictures means your tools would always be better than anything we can use. Banks DO NOT pick up the bill for fraud in the US. The end merchant/seller does. Edit: Downvote all you like. It's the truth. When the chargeback comes, you pay Stripe/Paypal/Etc a fee, and they yank the funds out of your account. Whatever item you shipped is gone. Edit 2: The liability shift referred to below doesn't apply to online transactions. Card not present fraud is almost 100% on the seller/merchant. And given that the context is Stripe, well.. What portion of the $40T do you suppose, though, is the type of transaction that would move to something like Stripe? At least in the U.S, Stripe's opportunity is moving more of that $7T to ACH, not moving existing ACH to their platform. Appreciate the response. I suppose the most simple change would be visibility to "would have declined" if the "automatically decline detected fraud" buttons are set to off. That would allow the flexibility for merchants to make their own decisions without the hassle of manually dealing with false positives. The trouble with the false positives is that you have to talk the customer into entering all their data again, without having anything specific to tell them, like "Er, you were declined, but I have no idea why...can you try again?". I think 3DS may work better in Europe, but here in the U.S., it just doesn't. It requires the use of a password, and adds additional steps to the checkout process. You can't really make it mandatory on your store, as conversions/sales would crumble. So, you make it optional. If it's optional, only the most security conscious customers end up using it. Those are the customers with the lowest risk of having their card info stolen, and the most likely to report it quickly if the info is stolen. So it adds more protection around a tiny fraction of your sales...the sales that were already very unlikely to be fraudulent. It doesn't make any notable change to "the cost of online fraud in the US is 100% on the merchant/seller". For me, subscriptions wouldn't be great. There aren't many sources where I appreciate a wide enough range of their stuff that I would want the "buffet" model of paying for access to everything they have. As an example, I really like vice.com's reporting and perspectives on Syria, ISIS, etc. However, I'm not a fan of their reporting on other topics, like gun violence, environmental issues, etc. I would be much more excited about micropayments where I pay only for what I care about. In the same way that I like "on demand movies" over say, a subscription to HBO. I do see what you mean, but it works for me today for things like movies. I assume, if this kind of content got to the point that most of the good stuff was behind a paywall that some sort of review system would spring up. Hopefully it would be more granular than just at the website level, perhaps being able to drill down to a specific journalist / category / article / whatever. Maybe that feedback loop would shape things in a way that I would be more willing to subscribe to a entire publication vs cherry picking individual authors or content. Their investor faq page ( http://investor.gopro.com/faq.cfm ) says 1460 employees total. That would make about 100 employees being cut. There's also about 80 open positions there now (I didn't count internships). https://gopro.com/careers/jobs Buy low, right? Well, nobody can guess the exact bottom. Buying, even yesterday, may not look so bad if you look at the 1+ year chart. Unless you're into day trading. "Fucked Company specialized in covering the rapid collapse of dotcoms with no business model" That may have been the intended purpose, but some of their most widely covered stuff was closer to this. Like the ruckus with Ford Motor Company. More funny with the context that EMACS was known as "Eight Megs And Constantly Swapping". >>Also, drivers have the option to work at other networks. >For now. I suspect that won't last long. That would almost certainly change the driver from an independent contractor to an employee. I don't know if the Uber business model would survive that. At the moment, network switching and routing with open source products + commodity servers can't scale like Cisco and Juniper...if you want to have a fairly standard network (OSPF, BGP, etc). Google, for example, is able to use commodity hardware because what they are routing works with a non-traditional setup...specifically a Clos network. That works for them only because their app is designed in a way that it can served up like that. It would not work for the typical kinds of traffic that you see at a normal company. At a certain scale, barring unusual exceptions, you really do have to go with someone like Juniper/Cisco, as the ASIC based acceleration and other features aren't there in the commodity world. There's certainly some things in progress that may change all of that, like Intel's DPDK, QuickAssist, etc. Interesting. The specific IRS guidance that seems to be in conflict: "We also want to consider the availability of services. Are the worker’s services available to the market? ...Also, an independent contractor is generally free to seek out business opportunities." I would add certain use cases of firewalls to that as well. I interviewed there in 2008, well before the Holacracy movement. Tony, while clearly brilliant, seemed to have some sort of "reality distortion field" surrounding him. The interview process is pretty intense, so I talked to a lot of people there. They mostly seemed aligned on their opinions of what was working well, what wasn't, etc. None of their opinions matched what I heard from Tony. I have to imagine then, that this Holacracy experiment, as implemented at Zappos, must have been even more bizarre than it seems generically. They seem to have no qualms about using sales stats to undercut sellers on Amazon Marketplace. http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB100014240527023044414045774829... I see no reason this would be any different. Not mentioned in the article, but paypal allows you to send a single invoice to up to 100 different email addresses with a single click. It also allows a 1-click way to email anyone that "hasn't paid" with an update. Indeed. Going to HR when the harasser has high value to the company might work differently... http://www.sfweekly.com/thesnitch/2015/03/07/former-google-e... https://developer.paypal.com/docs/classic/invoicing/IntroInv... Is Azure more expensive? I can't tell, in any simple way. Is there a place that offers some simple apples-to-apples comparison for typical use cases? All three require complex calculators that account for bandwidth use, ip addresses, etc. Edit: I do see some tools after searching some, but they are all flawed a bit because the three providers don't all offer the same thing. Azure's 2 core machines start with significantly more RAM than Google or AWS, so it's not a great comparison. The tools don't make that sort of mismatch easy to see. Just to illustrate how hard it is to do a simple comparison, you show Azure's 3/4 GB ram offering as being 2 cores and > $100/month. But, if I go to their pricing page ( https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/virtual-ma... ), I see: A2 - 2 Cores, 3.5GB, 40GB: $70 A2 - 2 Cores, 3.5GB, 135GB: $89 D1 - 1 Core, 3.5GB, 50GB: $104 D2 - 2 Cores, 7GB, 100GB: $115 D2V2 - 2 Cores, 7GB, 100GB: $127 Thus, I'm not sure which one you're referring to. You seem to be referring to one with 7GB RAM, which seems not to be a very direct comparison. You're looking at Windows instances. Click the linux tab. It is not obvious...really. Azure: 4 cores, 7GB RAM, 120GB Disk + 200GB xfer, Basic Tier: $156.84 AWS: C4.Xlarge, 7.5GB RAM, 80GB SSD, + 200GB xfer: $170.37 Can I make examples where Azure is more expensive...sure. But straight comparisons are hard to do. The product offerings don't line up well. The key to the low cost seems to be that he needed to process 10TB. You get 10TB "data in" free, per month. Had it been 10TB more, or if he needed to run more than once a month, or if he needed to get that 10TB back out, the bill is around $920. Edit: Inbound might be unlimited free. The calculator did show me an inbound total a few times, but I can't reproduce it now. Appears that way. Still $920 if you had wanted to extract the 10TB back out though. My example above is Linux, and Azure is cheaper for that one specific example. Just making the point that it's not easy to compare. You mention one reason above. It's not as simple as "Azure charges for both ingress/egress." For example, Azure includes 5TB/month ingress/egress. AWS 1TB/egress, unlimited ingress. I imagine in some cases that 5TB in/out is better than 1TB/unlimited. There are many others, like the fact that the instances don't have many 1:1 matchups across providers. Add in things like load balancing, storage, etc, and it gets more complex. It does appear that Azure is usually more expensive, but it's not so easy to tell for sure. Bitcoin is mentioned in the article, but only in the context of "thousands of tiny thefts from ordinary people". That description doesn't match the bitcoin heists over the past few years. Mt Gox alone was $460M USD. I suspect some of the individual losses weren't uh, tiny. I'm guessing a sizable amount of Saddam's various treasures might have gone missing as well. Not on anyone's balance sheet that was in a position to complain. Other than maybe anything Kuwait never recovered. Ah, yes, an errant space. Or a missing period. My humblest apologies. Looks like you figured out what I meant though. Similarly, thanks KA9Q & WATTCP. Oh, and Kermit too. One strategy that sometimes works is to help people see the tie between your app/product and something else that's already popular. One of the other comments here notes that your application does some kind of scanning for open ports. Assuming the application has some kind of integration... That might be easy to link to, for example, Docker. A blog post showing how to "automate security validation for newly created containers" might have a broader audience that just "port scanning". Especially if you provide working code, and some path to integrate more than just your app. Excerpt from the summary for one of the two keynote speeches... "But this has brought along the unintended consequences of viewability challenges, fraud, and ad blocking. What’s more, this myopic pursuit of success has created burnout and disengagement...2016 must mark a significant shift in our thinking" [1] [1] http://www.iab.com/events/iab-annual-leadership-meeting-2016... Sure. Some of it was real though... $780M USD in cash for example, was found. The soldiers didn't grab all of it, but skimmed a significant amount. "In all, 50 steel boxes were found by the five soldiers ...but only 47 were declared. It was a heist completed in an afternoon and worth $12.3 million." [1] [1] http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iraq/14... I suspect it's the pricing model. Reportedly, the charge is "30% of your ad revenue". There's also no concrete definition of why some sites are whitelisted for free, and others have to pay. Soldiers in a war zone also typically don't have to pay for shelter and food... For comparison, Paypal is down 5%, Capital One is down 5.24%, Intuit down 2.24%, Visa down 3%, Amazon down 4.4%. Not to say that a 10% drop isn't notable, but the whole market is taking a beating today. What's really scary to me is that very, very few defendants actually go to trial in the US. For a variety of troubling reasons[1], most defendants take a plea bargain. I would guess the risks associated with planting evidence and other misconduct by police is pretty low when you use it to coerce a plea. There's not any sort of venue to expose it. [1] http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2014/11/20/why-innocent-peop... The secret is government subsidies. Not just from China to Chinese businesses either. Some driven by the UPU program through the UN[1], as well as individual receiving country's programs, like the "ePacket" program where US bound shipments from China get artificially low rates from the USPS. [1] http://fortune.com/2015/03/11/united-nations-subsidy-chinese... >>Market rate from Shenzhen to Long Beach to ship a >>container is about $1200 right now Just so there's context, the actual cost is much, much higher than $1200. That's just the payment for the ocean journey. The other costs are factory to port (varies), insurance+docs (few hundred), destination port charges ($1k or so), customs bond, and then the actual duty for the imported items. Lastly, of course, getting the container from the dock to where you are to unload it. The turning point is probably not that their behavior changed, but that it began to be exposed. First, when video cameras became easily attainable by regular people (Rodney King), then later, when almost everyone starting carrying a video camera (smart phones). I didn't quite get what a unikernel was. Reading up on approaches that were a bit different than MirageOS was helpful: http://osv.io/ https://github.com/rumpkernel/rumprun >>and no, they aren't all living with their families or have spouses helping out Honestly curious...what are they doing then? Isn't the typical rent cost higher than the entire salary of a low level employee at a charitable org? There are recent commits: https://github.com/cloudius-systems/osv/commits/master I posted the links because (at least for me) it was hard to get my arms around what a unikernel was by looking at MirageOS. Largely because I have little knowledge of functional programming, OCaml, etc. This article does a good job of explaining: http://www.dailyfinance.com/on/corporations-cash-hoard-trill... Some interesting excerpts: "Four of the top five holders of cash are tech companies ...who together possess...about 23 percent of all cash owned by corporate America today. Overall, the tech sector controls more than half of such cash" "about 60 percent of [non-financial corporate] cash piles are offshore and subject to as much as 35 percent tax if brought back to the U.S." Heh. No, I looked up the average rent for Oakland, which I assumed would be less expensive than downtown SF. I saw $3k, which would likely be higher than the take home pay for a low-level employee. My experience. We bring in 3 or 4 containers a year. The costs above and beyond just the "ocean shipping" part for the most recent one was $1914. $830 of it was the customs duty, which will vary wildly depending on the HTS code of what's being imported, and how much you brought in. Olimex, who are in a strong position to know, say that the cpu alone (Allwinner R8M) costs $16, direct from Allwinner[1], in volume. That's just the CPU. None of the other components, the PCB, the labor, etc. The $9 price just isn't sustainable. It appears the the CHIP team is doing a combination of padding shipping prices, and probably taking a loss for the sake of initial marketing. [1] https://olimex.wordpress.com/2015/06/05/how-to-get-in-the-ne... The cpu for that is a broadcom BCM2835. The best guesses for that part is somewhere in the $3 range. Unlike the CHIP, it has no onboard flash, or wifi. It does have HDMI. Personally, I don't see how the Zero could cost less than $5 to make. Even if the BCM2835 is $2, there's the 512MB ram, various connectors, PCB, etc. The bom cost for the RPI zero is clearly lower. No flash, no wifi, much cheaper cpu, etc. It is almost a certainty that the BOM cost alone for the CHIP exceeds $9. That's the unassembled pile of parts. >>Sell the CHIP for cheap and get people to buy the accessories This, combined with inflated shipping, is probably the key. However, even assuming some aggressive discounts, the BOM must still be higher than $9. Even with crazy discounts, the CPU + Realtek Wifi + PMU alone would have to be close to $9. There's a lot of other parts as well: https://github.com/NextThingCo/CHIP-Hardware/raw/master/CHIP... The author is a few years out of college, with work experience that consists of a bunch of short term (3-4 months) projects with wildly different roles (EE java, iOS, Android, Scala, Ruby). His blog posts all seem to follow a pattern of "bad things" he observes others doing, and what his advice is. His experience level seems a little light to be writing with that kind of tone. That said, he does seem to have experience with a wide array of different platforms, client companies, etc. I think he would get more people to pay attention if he would post something based on those experiences. Or, if it's going to be a "this is bad, do this instead" post, use your own experience...something you started doing badly yourself and then recovered from. The R8M has integrated flash and DRAM...$16 is the high quantity price. That was the original CPU CHIP was going to use. They switched to the R8 (no flash/dram) for some reason. The R8 is $5 in high quantities, but of course, they would now need to add the flash and dram, neither of which is cheap. The article isn't quite what the title implies. The author does, in fact, seem to be convinced he knows exactly what he's doing, all the time :) Related...Apache, nginx, and probably other web servers can be coerced into handling sendfile() for you. https://tn123.org/mod_xsendfile/ https://www.nginx.com/resources/wiki/start/topics/examples/x... I linked to the "harder to grok" piece because that's what would give you programmatic control by setting an X header. That's as opposed to calling sendfile() yourself from your app. Helpful if you're trying to do something more than just serve up static files...like maybe in a page cache, where you also want dynamic control over other headers, etc. The simpler sendfile=on would just be instructing nginx to use it for static files. Apparently from John Ousterhout, creator of Tcl/Tk. Popfile is worth looking at if this was interesting to you. It is a general purpose naïve bayesian email classifier that you can integrate with almost any email system. They took some of the concepts in the article mentioned here and expanded on them a bit. For example, they have the idea of "pseudowords"[1] so that you're working with more than just the words in the email. Like html:td for example...it expands to the number html table cells in an email, which might help with choosing a bucket. [1] http://getpopfile.org/docs/faq:pseudowords The article claims that they could produce such a ball, but choose not to because of the high initial investment combined with the weak IP law in China. No sense in footing the bill for the needed R&D, when your investment will be quickly stolen by the local competition. I'm no expert, but we do import quite a bit of a specific type of electronics from China. The various companies steal from each other with impunity. Not just ideas...like specific microcode for example. The physical proximity, plus the fact that it's not technically illegal makes it easy. Stealing from Germany/Switzerland/Japan might have consequences, at least for exporting to where you stole from. It's also not as easy as just hiring away an expert from down the street. You can approximate this with gmail using the plus sign. Like myaccount+label@gmail.com. It's ignored for delivery, but gmail's filters can match on it in the to: address. "In this setting, G'MIC may be seen as a serious (and friendly) competitor of the ImageMagick or GraphicsMagick software suites."[1] [1] http://gmic.eu/ That feels a lot like being billed as an IM alternative to me. One of two possible interfaces (command line vs not command line) The context is that their command line interface is billed as an alternative to IM. The described issues that prompted the switch don't really have much to do with Python. The issues map back to running on whatever installation of Python the customer might already have. Lua, in and of itself, didn't solve the problems. Shipping their own, known, Lua interpreter + extensions solved them. (which they could have done with Python) One of my replies may be in your "negative" pile. It wasn't intended to be negative, just to point out that the cited reasons in the article for the switch weren't specific to python...just how they decided to use it. They may have been concerned about packaging python because of the size, but didn't call that out. Had the title been "Why we Chose to use Lua" it probably would have garnered more positive comments. Indeed. The example appears to be "spray/pray": https://github.com/joearms/music_experiments/blob/master/pd.... UDP, without some layer on top of it for ack or retry, or ordering, isn't useful for many requirements. Maybe things like displaying stock quotes, where stale data doesn't matter after a few seconds? I think the point is just to say that the article shouldn't tout plain UDP as a fix for TCP being hard in certain languages without calling out the downside. Yep. When suggesting a change from one to the other, it might be a good idea to explain the benefits and tradeoffs. I didn't suggest otherwise. That said, most protocol implementations that I'm aware of over UDP have one or more of "retry/order checking/etc" on top of them. Like NFS, Bootp, tftp, etc. If you received a notice, and opted out, or were not sent a notice...then you aren't part of the "class". The notice has to have an opt out procedure. Edit: If either of the above applies, you are free to bring your own suit. Uber and Lyft get out of more than just paying benefits by classifying their workers as independent contractors. They also avoid paying their portion of the payroll taxes, liability for workman's comp, protective laws (minimum wage, unemployment coverage, for example). Edit: For those downvoting...you really think these exact things weren't discussed when Uber & Lyft were deciding how they would comp drivers? Heh. I bet that Lyft and Uber would greatly reduce the contention with their drivers if they changed the app so that riders could optionally tip the driver. I'm sure that enabling tips would create other issues, but the bump in compensation would probably go a long way toward improving the relationship. I think it's a good question, and I'm surprised by the terse responses. The link you provided seems to indicate that people with reasonable credentials, either in Philosophy, or AI, struggle with it. Ahh. Wasn't aware of that. I found a screenshot, and it's an odd, non-obvious way to allow tipping: http://www.sarahdoody.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/lyft-ux... I wonder how much that keeps it from being used. It seems like many aren't quite getting what's going on here...here's a brief overview: Shodan.io fancies itself as a search engine where you can search for IOT things (webcams, refrigerators, etc) that are on the internet. They have no technical issues doing this in the IPV4 space, because it's easy enough to scan every single address in the space. This isn't practical for IPV6. So, it seems they wanted a way to identify every IOT device in the IPV6 space without having to scan all of it. At least one approach they found was to join the ntp.org pool[1], and effectively donate server time. Since pool.ntp.org is the default NTP server listed for many linux distros (and thus, probably IOT devices), they now are getting live connections from the exact devices they want to index on their search engine. Once you connect, they scan you back on 100 ports on so (ports unrelated to NTP) to see if you are a webcam, router, or whatever else they want to put in their index. Pretty shady. Kind of like volunteering for a charity so that you can raid their internal mailing list for spam purposes. [1] http://www.pool.ntp.org/join.html I think it's more difficult to get to the truth. This article seems credible: https://pando.com/2015/01/09/the-hidden-cost-of-being-an-ube... But, what it shows as the "income after op cost" isn't the real truth. That figure ($12.62/hr in Chicago, $34.04/hr in NYC) would be basically 1099 income. You would have to pay self employment tax (not trivial), and forgo whatever benefits a cab company might provide their employees. If you look for average salary for cab drivers, and compare to the above, you would gather that cab drivers do better than Uber drivers in Chicago, but worse in NYC. I can't find any credible sources where it seems 100% clear that the comparison is thorough, and apples to apples. There are lots and lots of people that have 2 concurrent part time jobs, right now. Not trying to be coy, just trying to understand why we need a new classification. This is also effectively true for the more broadly used Google Adsense (not just DFP). They do support displaying adsense, but then screen out all non-https ads. Which, of course, results in a lower CPM.[1] [1] https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/10528?hl=en >>In short; Google will penalize me because I use Google +++ Also funny, because for many sites that run DFP or Adsense...that's their biggest source of income. So, G is rationalizing their slow pace with the same reason that's not good enough for others :) They are, however, paying their portion of the payroll taxes, disability, unemployment, etc. And perhaps softer benefits that still have costs, like paid time off. They are taking the data from the scans and building a nice easy to use searchable signature database for script kiddie hackers. At the very least, it's impolite. Sure. I like free things as well. They run a port scan against your ip and publish the discovered info publicly. You may find that okay, others don't. That's not the irk. Rude behavior isn't suddenly polite just because I have great security. The spirit of donating server time to the ntp.org pool is not to use the data for your own self promotion. Bookmarking this for future entertainment. I hope he got a dump of their emails...that's probably where most of the interesting stuff is. If it's helpful, here's a good overview of why I'm experiencing Schadenfreude over this: http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2014/12/how-poli... Are there some types of content where the author, photographer, etc will produce it without direct compensation? Sure. Are there others where that's not practical? Also, yes. Maybe not things that you need, but this problem does exist. At the moment, there's not a model, outside of ads, that works very well for that sort of thing. There are some subscription/micropayment schemes that seem promising, but nothing that works as well as ads do. For drivers other than Linux: The manufacturer's website is http://wch.cn Their drivers are here: http://wch.cn/index.php?s=/page-search_content-keyword-USB%E... They don't appear to be open source, but I believe they are signed drivers for both Windows and OSX. The article is talking about the paid inclusion model for the widgets that Google returns when you perform certain kinds of searches, like: - flights from NYC to Los Angeles - compare credit cards - hotel near los angeles You'll notice that in each of those cases, there are no organic results above the fold. Also, if you want to see what happens when you don't pay to play, search for: - flights from dallas to houston Look for Southwest Airlines in the widget...they won't pay Google. >>This has nothing to do with Google Yes, SWA does avoid pay-to-play in other situations. However, Southwest specifically asked Google to remove prices from the flight widget. There were there at first. There's a reddit AMA from the Google Flights team where they talk about it. The barrier is likely the process through which PCT was mandated. Starting with this: https://www.fra.dot.gov/Elib/Document/2189 "(3) POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL SYSTEM.—The term ‘positive train control system’ means a system designed to prevent train-to-train collisions, over-speed derailments, incursions into established work zone limits, and the movement of a train through a switch left in the wrong position." The deadlines, definitions, etc, don't line up well with a "What can we do now, with existing tech, that would add value at a low cost?" approach. Actually, no. Refusing to talk to them would result in the "Error 10", and the driver not loading. What they are doing is allowing the driver to attach, and then sending arbitrary random crap down the line. >>Shouldn't the fault be on the people who used fake chips? It doesn't appear that the problem is people buying fake chips on purpose. All of the large chip distributors have unwittingly sent out fakes. This approach punishes - the end users, who likely had no role in this at all - manufacturers of devices who thought they were buying legit chips I think it's trying to play in the same space as http://wable.com That is to say, you pay for a bundle of resources (x cpu cores, x gb memory, x gb disk, x ipv4) at a fixed price. Then, you can subdivide that into however many VPS instances as you want (well, within reason). As for trusting it, well...it looks like there might not be much of actual service behind the front page. It's possible it's just a tweaked version of this bootstrap theme: http://themes.getbootstrap.com/products/marketing That said, the Wable business model seems to be popular, and they don't appear to have much competition using the "resource bundle" model. It looks like they are trying to use the same model as http://wable.com/ . They sell you a monthly subscription to a resource bundle (some # of cpus, ram, disk space, ipv4s) that you can then run as 1 large VPS, or 3 medium ones, or 4 smalls + 1 medium, etc. Wable is fairly popular because of this approach, and they are relatively unique in doing it that way. So, a VPS on OVH hardware? You could save a little money by skipping the middleman :) https://www.ovh.com/us/vps/vps-ssd.xml Paid clicks up 31% overall, on Google’s own sites, up 40%. That's a bit concerning to me, especially when you consider: a) That growth is outpacing internet traffic growth, and has for many years now. Internet traffic CAGR is 23%[1] b) The shift from desktop to mobile should have the effect of reducing clicks. c) Since some of the growth is video, I would expect a decrease in click growth related to this as well. Video adds to bandwidth growth pretty directly. Click growth would be less direct. Sergey and Larry, at least at one time, might have expressed concern: "The goals of the advertising business model do not always correspond to providing quality search to users"[2] [1] http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/collateral/service-pr... [2] http://infolab.stanford.edu/~backrub/google.html If you're an advertiser, you've already seen this. Mobile viewers click on ads less often than desktop viewers. So, absent any other variables...if mobile traffic is growing faster than desktop traffic, year over year, click growth would slow. Sergey/Larry explain it better than I would. http://infolab.stanford.edu/~backrub/google.html Scroll down to "Appendix A: Advertising and Mixed Motives" They are getting better, every single year, over more than a decade, in a way that click growth outpaces traffic growth. Despite circumstances that would counter the effort. It seems unlikely it's just targeting, without spilling over into something that's bad for consumers. Semantics. The context is that the growth is higher in the area that has a naturally lower CTR. The news is basically that Google released their earnings today. The click growth is part of that news. Yes, I get that, but the word "shift" in this context isn't all that important. The "desktop/high CTR" leveling off while "mobile/low CTR" grows was the important bit. I'm not the first person to call that a shift. The parent of your response points to an FTC report (an internal one that was leaked). Within that report, they show how Google was able to tweak the questions until end users stopped liking something they did like with the previous set of questions. The questions being tweaked were specifically about a type of site that competed with Froogle/Google Shopping that Google wanted demoted. >> Care to present any evidence They certainly do things today that they did not do 5 years ago. Like specific query results where everything above the fold on desktop is an ad. I personally do not think that's good for consumers. I suspect, though, that you disagree. On your other point, they are getting better every year as measured by a YoY comparison...not just plain growth. Double-digit percentage YoY improvement. That's hard to do. >>The fact that the increase was YoY makes it even more dubious. YoY click growth percentage has been higher than traffic growth for years and years for Google. I suspect there are a number of reasons for it. The 100% ads above the fold did get a lot of complaints in 2014, specifically because Google announced it would penalize sites that did that. Quite a few examples of Google doing this were subsequently pointed out, due to the irony. You are correct in that I don't have an itemized, timestamped list of the things they've done over the years to either push organics down the fold, or expose ads further down the fold. There are many things they've done that are pretty subtle as well. - The wikipedia information in the sidebar when you do informational searches used to have links to wikipedia...leading you away from google. They now keep you within Google, and include links to ads: http://i.imgur.com/j3w9LbP.png - Various widgets push organics down pretty far: http://i.imgur.com/VwYH7mY.png - There are queries that became 100% above the folds ads within the last 1 or 2 years. Travel is especially aggressive: http://i.imgur.com/89iYCmc.png - Other widgets that aren't ads per se, but serve to keep you on Google's site as you drill down to pages that will have ads: http://i.imgur.com/v1urMBm.png I didn't say anything about investment advice. My concern was from a consumer point of view. You also put "funny feeling" in quotes, as if I'd said that. In short, the repeated pattern of click growth outpacing traffic growth has me concerned that they are achieving that, in part, with strategies that are bad for the end user. Google says they care about such things. https://www.google.com/about/company/philosophy/ Non-anecdotal evidence is hard to collect, since Google doesn't release statistics like "organic click growth" or "real estate devoted to organic vs ads". I can certainly post screenshots of queries that are 100% ads above the fold, but lacking the kind of information only Google has, they are, by definition, anecdotal. >>That still has a link to wikipedia The sidebar wikipedia info used to have all links that went to wikipedia. The one I posted isn't the best example for hat, but it is the best example of one with a directly monetized link. >>That second box isn't an ad, it's just a called out search result. It also consumes vertical space, pushing the organics down. The relevance is also quite low, being a link to a discontinued product. >>You're missing my point because that's exactly it. Not missing your point. I'm not saying the few examples I gave are everything they've done. I think they've been doing things like, for several years, this to sustain the expected growth. Lacking a dividend, the pressure to sustain growth rates is pretty high. Edit: It's also likely that for other purposes (testing/deployment/whatever), these things (and similar ones I haven't noticed) have dials for where/when/how often they are exposed, either by geography, search terms, demographic, or some other criteria. A bunch of dials would also allow you to smooth growth if you wanted. Interesting. The home page could use a little more intro text since "tracing" in a CS context could mean raytracing, tracing raster images into vectors, tracing system calls (ala strace), etc. Pictures of the clock from when it was being dismantled: http://www-pao.ksc.nasa.gov/images/small/2014-4558-s.jpg http://www-pao.ksc.nasa.gov/images/small/2014-4559-s.jpg http://www-pao.ksc.nasa.gov/images/small/2014-4560-s.jpg http://www-pao.ksc.nasa.gov/images/small/2014-4561-s.jpg FWIW, It's not just the AtlasObscura writer. NASA calls it analog on the page referenced: "Workers remove the analog countdown clock from its mount..." I don't know that it would result in a business failing, but there's certainly lost opportunity. Marks and Spencer is a fairly recent example, perhaps not JS payload specifically, but lower conversions related to site performance. Considering the audience might help as well. For example, if rural U.S. dwellers are a demographic you want, many of them are on low bandwidth connections. This is very interesting, but it seems to solve a problem that may not exist much longer. The big difference with LVE is that it works at a thread level, such that you can, for example, place one http request within a running apache instance into a specific user's cgroup. That makes it useful in shared hosting environments, where multiple end users are sharing one instance of apache, mysql, etc. The trouble with this, to me, is that shared hosting is on its deathbed. It is more efficient than the VPS model, but so much money is going into the VPS world (digitalocean, linode, ovh, etc). Thus, that efficiency edge doesn't translate into any cost savings for the end user. Shared hosting seems to survive solely because they provide some amount of managed service and somewhat end user friendly interfaces (cpanel). Sooner or later, though, players like DigitalOcean will fill that gap, with things like their "one click installs", improved control panels, etc. I'm not sure if there's another use case for LVE outside of shared hosting. >>The efficiency does translate into a saving for those hosters This is true from a hardware standpoint. However, after paying for CloudLinux and Cpanel licenses, the advantage may falter. And, they are racing deeper pockets to the bottom. They (cloudlinux) do distribute the binary. Somebody important seems unconvinced: https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/master/kernel/module....