We should all hope they come up with something that's competitive. Even 80% of the performance for 50% of the price would be good enough. And this is because the last 3-4 Intel CPU generations have been simply not worth upgrading to. If some real competition from AMD shows up, things will change. It would be nice if you linked transcripts where available... Well, there's a reason I only ever buy NVidia video cards, even for AMD CPUs. I'm fine with AMD not being interested in Linux support, I'll just vote with my wallet. The iMac is "amazing" only if you don't do CPU intensive stuff with it. Otherwise it whirrrs and throttles down. Personally I care more about the whirrring than the thermal throttling, but it's not amusing to not get the CPU/GPU speed you paid for either. The Mac Pro is a video editing appliance ATM. What they don't have is a developer/hobbyist oriented desktop. And this will bite them in the ass long term, because they will lose mind share. I'm very close to switching back to Linux if they don't offer me a developer oriented Mac Pro in the next 1-2 years. Covered with the thin one that gets noisy when you compile, or with the super expensive one where half the price of the hardware doesn't help you with development? :) This is why I moved from Linux to OS X. However, dear Apple are getting me concerned about their future because: 1. The main innovation in the newest MBPros is... an Emoji keyboard accessory? Okay, that might actually be useful but: 2. Worse, said newest laptops have battery issues to which Apple responds by removing the battery ETA indicator? That was actually useful since I knew how much battery life I could rely on while doing the same task . 3. Since 2013, they don't have a desktop for desktop (not web) developers any more. Minis are too underpowered, iMacs are noisy under load and who knows how long they will last when kept heated the whole time, the Mac Pro is a video editing machine and little else. Right now I'm doing fine with a MBPro and a hackintosh, but if they keep making dubious decisions about the laptops and not offering a developer's desktop, I'll have to consider Linux again. It's not the issue's existence that's my cause for concern, it's Apple's reaction to it. They've always had some process that went runaway and ate most of the CPU for no reason. Just the name of the process changed across hardware and software versions. The problem is, now they're removing an useful indicator to swipe the current problem (and I'm sure a large amount of people do have it) under the rug. It's this decision that worries me, not that they botched something on this laptop generation. Yeah? Well you need to keep Activity Monitor on all the time to check what process is eating up your CPU for no reason anyway :) Indeed, Qt can actually look native (and use native controls where available) on all 3 platforms. Gtk, not so much. For some reason, Apple laptops are the only ones usable without a mouse. The trackpad simply sucks on anything else I've tried. Just like people are used to OSes that crash all the time, they're used to unusable trackpads. Sad. [quote] Graal & Truffle are a product of Oracle Labs, the part of the Java team which does VM and compiler research. [/quote] So if a language using this becomes successful, Oracle will hit you with an intellectual property lawsuit? Actually no, most open source licenses have no mention of patents. If you're smaller than Google, dealing with Oracle might be outside your budget. Safer not to. It's Oracle's general attitude. While not going anywhere near their products won't protect you from a patent lawsuit, it is some protection. They can't sneak in some commercial components and bill you later, for example. I bookmarked this comments page as reference for Trello alternatives in case Atlassian ruins it :) As a non-american, when I hear Lynchburg I do not think of lynching, but of Lynchburg Lemonade :) Reading "ElectronJS" is when i decided not to try this app. I don't need websites masquerading as desktop apps thank you. Microsoft has never been understandable. I tried to find an overview of dot net on their site, when dot net was at 1.x and was going to cure world hunger, but I wasn't able to understand what they meant by the '.net platform'. Gave up after an hour. You're doing it wrong. You should get Brave New World instead. Yeah, second hand story (as in, personal friends are working with Qt/C++/QML, i've fortunately only used Qt/C++) is that QML mostly gets in the way. It's limited and buggy. Just do everything natively, Qt is truly cross platform and you won't have trouble. [quote] I also had to refactor some parts due to Android not liking slots in one thread and signal emitter in another. [/quote] Ouch? Worry free passing of signals/slots between threads is a feature of desktop Qt that I use and abuse all the time. I've even done a GUI-less daemon that used QtCore and abused signals/slots to communicate between threads. You mean it doesn't work on the mobile versions? Speaking of NUCs, are there any that are (a) quiet at load (b) have the PSU integrated in the case? Those are about the only redeeming qualities of a Mac Mini right now, and it pisses me off to no end that no one bothers with (b) on the Wintel side. Edit: please don't explain to me how a power brick that's sometimes as large as the NUC doesn't bother you, it does bother me. I think it's sold mainly to companies that want a cheap machine for iOS development. Hackers are more likely to build themselves a hackintosh and triple boot. Yeah, except Apple manages to come close so it's possible :) Give credit where credit is due. Well, I've checked the current offerings and I can't find any that doesn't have "19 V DC" as the power supply description. I guess I'm statistically irrelevant in their market. :) Getting further off topic, the only other piece of hardware I know of where they bother is the Playstation. The XBoxes use ugly power bricks, just like the Wintel boxes. Or "besides Netflix's own shows, there's nothing worth watching on Netflix any more". Except in some places where Netflix doesn't even have all their original content lol. Hmm. If i look at the slides, the article should be renamed "gstreamer, and some stuff browsers on all platforms do, are insecure"? Is it easier to change your media player on Linux, or to trust Microsoft? Say, does a default Windows install still enable 20 networked services that don't belong on a home computer and can be exploited without the user downloading anything? Video? What happened to good old fashioned text? I can read 10x faster than you can talk... Where is it? The PDF has some slides, not actual text, and the LWN article is also just a summary. Assuming no new 0-day... so there are still services open to the internet by default on a fresh install eh? Supplementary question: which of those "talks worth watching" have a transcript? - Most jokes are plausible, and pretty good. - If you believe the CIA had anything to do with this document, I have a bridge in San Francisco I'd like to sell you... Isn't a H-1B a form of indentured servitude? As in, if you change jobs you lose your visa? If yes, you don't get the competent ones but the cheap ones who have no choice. The good ones work on their terms for whomever they please. Edit: combine that with kls's answer about incentives, and you see why this visa system isn't quite working. Well, for some reason nobody's complaining about Western Europe immigrants taking US jobs... I stopped at "Face-to-face meetings are most efficient (examples include Reddit & Yahoo banning remote work)". If you're giving Yahoo under Marissa Mayer as an example of good management, your company was doomed from the start. If you research her you'll notice that all the stuff about burnout being a myth and being able to do great work by sleeping at work under your desk somehow stopped applying to her when she got to be management :) However, those times are rare and 98% of a remote team's communication needs are best done in text only asynchronous mode. Incidentally, this is a good way for people to actually take phone/voice calls seriously - when they're rare, it really means it's important. Water cooler conversations are for getting raises/promotions. That's why if you want to work remotely, it's best to do it in an all remote setup that's fair to everyone. I can't help but notice that all the article talks about is Delphi versions up to 6... which is where it started to go downhill. Are recent versions of Delphi actually usable? I haven't tried anything beyond 8, and from my (admittedly rusty) experience the best version was 6. The guy you're replying to looks like he wants 144 fps on 4K. Which is prolly not doable with current hardware. More importantly for some, it's a 95W AMD part vs a 140W Intel part. If the power delta stays the same even for mainstream parts, does this mean AMD will become a good quiet option too? By quiet I mean "I can't hear it at night" not "I can't hear it over the music". Edit: Also, I think data centers these days are limited in density by power delivery and cooling. Even a 25W delta adds up when you're talking about thousands of servers. Actually it very much depends on what kind of fan cools the radiator. You're using that liquid loop just to move the heat from the CPU to somewhere else. That somewhere else is generally a large radiator with a quiet fan, but not always. Anyone building their own silent pc should hang a bit on silentpcreview before they buy anything. Speaking of Slack, what's an alternative with a different pricing model? We have a core team that's always around, and for that Slack pricing is fine, but we have a significant number of "drive by" users that aren't worth paying $60 per year. We're generally happy with Slack's features, so which are the similar services that charge something different than per-user? Out of pure curiosity, what does this mean in english? [quote] iMac (built in monitor)[/quote] It's not the built in monitor that's the problem, is the overheating with the assorted noise and possibly thermal throttling if you use it for something that actually maxes out the CPU/GPU. Well, and the lack of expandability. While the portable MacBook Pro equivalents are about the same thing (look at Dell XPS 13 pricing), Apple right now has nothing for developers/power users on the desktop side. Except the GPUs were crap even on release. And there are like 3 applications that can use both? So unless you were in that niche, you'd end up paying a ton of money for two dubious GPUs of which you could only use one. You can't even hackintosh a Mac with a decent GPU any more, since NVidia hasn't put out drivers for their 1xxx cards for OS X. If they are, they're not telling. In theory the nvidia out-of-os x drivers are for people using their cards on the pre trashcan Mac Pros. In practice they allow you to make yourself a decent hackintosh desktop. Or used to. Maybe the 1xxx cards don't work on the old Mac Pros, in which case i don't think nvidia can justify continuing putting out those drivers. Who would this hurt? Apple. Very slowly though. Most people running hackintoshes are opinion leaders wrt to tech stuff, and when they switch to Linux or Windows, Apple will lose more mind share. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MoralMyopia Incidentally, recovering a google account password from a phone, when you have access to said phone but haven't given them the phone number, doesn't work. I kept being told that google will send a token to the phone, and got a dialog saying 'do you want to log in?', i pressed yes, and nothing good happened. Fortunately it was a test phone with a throwaway google account - otherwise i'd have known the password. Rofl. Just like the shooter picked on the indians thinking they're arabs. If you're trying to prove that americans have no idea there is a world outside their borders, you're succeeding wonderfully. Yeah but a good bunch of the pre-trashcan Mac Pros are still in service. And those do take PCI Express cards. Apparently NVidia felt it's a market worth serving, since you can still get Sierra drivers from them for anything before the 1xxx series. Okay, the drivers are labeled "for Quadro", but they support basically everything. I don't need an article full of statistics to tell me the endorsements are useless; everyone I know who has endorsed me only did it in the hope that that box with 'endorse your friends' will disappear off their Linkedin. Little historical fact, Microsoft nicked Andreas Hejlsberg, the creator of the Borland flavor of Pascal (starting from the Turbo Pascal days), and had him architect C#. So if you trust microsoft, or you're doing boring bussiness software where you don't care about anything but the paycheck, C# may be an improvement. Ideally, you want to have the filler on the side opposed to the majority of cars in your area. This way you're less likely to wait in line to refill. When there's a real queue, all bets are off indeed. In semi busy situations though (say 1-2 cars at each pump), i stand by my statement. If the 6C/8T and 4C/8T parts will launch at the same frequency as the high end (and i've read that at least for the 6C they will) we'll end up with a CPU that is as fast as the 1800X in games (which is good enough no matter what the 120 fps enthusiasts say) but this time is cheaper than the 7700K. That will be the sweet spot for just gaming performance, not these ones. Your standard Intel is running a 64 bit instruction set designed by umm... AMD. Perhaps you'd like to restrict yourself to 32 bit software just to be standards conformant? The problem with google chat services is... will they last more than 6 months? Considering how many changes Hangouts went through, do I even want to waste time on evaluate its current incarnation? Is disrupting a large team when google inevitably change their minds worth "free" ? It may be a privilege, but in this case my reading Hacker News is a privilege for them , and not their right. And I want to know what stories are manually suppressed in order to decide if i still grant them that privilege. Also, check out Tim Berner Lee's article about the internet being hijacked by the likes of Facebook and Google in order to understand why your 'I am grateful for the privilege' attitude is wrong... Edit: argh, I attached this to the wrong post. I was responding to paulpauper of course. The trick is to ignore OS updates after the initial setup, until you absolutely need a newer version or at least 6 months have passed and you can reserve a day for troubleshooting. Of course, it helps if you have a macbook pro in addition to your desktop; you can check out the new stuff on the genuine apple machine, and maybe get away with postponing updates on your desktop even more. Problem is, you can either spend the same and do more, or spend less and do the same, if you have support for a newer generation of cards. Not to mention that if you're into silent computers (not being able to hear the fans when gaming because of the game noise doesn't qualify as silent in my book) newer nvidia cards are much better. Problem is, Apple doesn't have anything for power users or developers right now. I'm currently hackintoshing, but with every "dumb it down" decision (like remove the battery life time estimation), hardware mishap (LG monitors not working near wifi, come on) or new hardware announcement that still doesn't serve my demographic i wonder if i shouldn't just switch back to Linux. I used to say that their laptops are fine, and it's only the desktop where i need to hackintosh, but ... touch typing hostile emoji keyboard? For the record, I've been using Linux as my main OS for 10 years when I finally decided to switch to OS X about 4 years ago. I have no problem switching back if Apple stops offering me enough flexibility. After all, you don't need to recompile your kernel to install drivers any more :) First, you're defending the laptop, not the desktops. The laptops are still almost okay. Now for some point answers... > The battery time (I think you mistyped "life time") estimation was dumb, never accurate or consistent, and people don't mind the lack of it on billions of other mobile devices anyway. It was accurate as long as you kept doing the same task . For example, I knew how much longer a gaming session or a long build could last on battery. But this is laptop stuff and the original article and my whining is about desktops. > Re: the LG shielding mishap, you're blaming Apple for a completely different company's product, okay. A completely different company's product that is the only solution that makes use of the emoji mbpro's features, is sold and promoted a lot by Apple, and thus endorsed by them on their web site. > Which demographic and what do you require? Independent dev working from home. Running two VMs simultaneously at times, and also using the same computer for entertainment, namely gaming. Working on compiled software, not scp-ing stuff to a server for web development, so I actually need CPU power. I could almost use the trash can, except they want me to pay for two slow video cards that are for some reason labeled "pro". Put in it a nvidia 1050+ and I'll buy it, although I'll be a bit space challenged. Some source trees take a lot of space. I'll even pay extra for the Xeon and ECC ram i don't really need, but give me a video card i can game on. Before you ask, no, the iMac is not a dev's computer. It thermally throttles if you actually use the CPU, and makes laptop-like noise when compiling. No thank you. I've heard even the trash can throttles, and i blame the "pro" video cards. > touch typing hostile emoji keyboard? What you read exactly. Please explain how you touch type on the touch screen that replaced the F keys and how it is useful to me when I, like anyone who works a lot with the keyboard, have memorized every shortcut I use. It's mostly good for emoji in instant messaging, and I don't use that either. Another one that defends the laptops when the original article is about a Mac Pro replacement :) > Can display at-a-glance status such as time, battery etc. You look at the keyboard when you type? Not my demographic then, i type too much for that. It's probably fine for you. > All of the over-a-dozen developers/tech-oriented people that -I- know prefer the 2016 MBPs to everything else. They've also outsold all other competitors in just a single month. You don't know any developers working on compiled software. And the mbpros outsell everything not because they don't annoy people, but because there's almost no alternative. Perhaps the Dell Developer Edition laptops, but Apple would have to piss me off more than they have so far for me to try a Dell instead. And again, the article - and my OP - are from people who need a powerful desktop for work. > I do. I expect your next response will impose qualifiers on "developers" and "compiled software." > I used to say that their laptops are fine > My experience is that their laptops are still more than fine enough for power users and developers. Well, [part 1] I don't use xcode, i touch type [part 2] and a lot of the stuff i work on involves looong builds and/or going through a few VMs. I also HATE fan noise and I work from home in a quiet room. Part 1 disqualifies the emoji keyboard, part 2 disqualifies anything with laptop-like internals, namely the laptops and the iMacs. I hope that's enough qualifiers :) > Why do you keep saying this? The Touch Bar replaces the FN keys, not the keyboard. I use those keys. Without looking down. > Which computer do you use? Is it a desktop without any fans? Let's say I build my systems according to the advice on silentpcreview.com. Apple laptops on full load may be quiet for a laptop, but they have nothing on a custom built desktop. Isn't Vulkan AMD only though? The real prank here is obviously getting a friend to use Eclipse. I'm not sure you'll ever be forgiven. HN could use a "funny" upvote option... Pray tell, sir, have you heard of the Qt library? There is a whole world outside Javascript :) I've written low level GUI components for several UI frameworks before, thank you very much. It's not that bad and a lot smoother for the end user. The real problem is this new generation of "developers" that only know Javascript. When all you have is a hammer... Caution for the OP considering using it with a Mac Mini: there are no nvidia OS X drivers for the 1050Ti. You're stuck with 9xx or earlier cards. And TBH, if you want this solution to boost a desktop computer, you're better off just building a Hackintosh. It may make some sense for a laptop, but i think it's still cheaper to build a separate gaming computer. I don't know about you, but I used to dual boot and i still have the Windows installation on my Hackintosh (which is beefy enough to handle gaming. Hint: don't buy the gaming hardware and try to make OS X run on it, buy hardware that works well in a hackintosh and is good enough for games instead.). In time though, I simply stopped playing the games that required me to reboot and now I only get stuff that runs on OS X. Of course, it's easier if you have a very strong dislike for the current AAA games. I stopped touching anything from EA/Ubisoft long before i stopped rebooting for gaming. The actual game site looks slashdotted... well, HN-ed... Well, the SSL cert having expired 135 days ago should have been a hint - which i ignored ofc. That's new. Initially she was saying she doesn't believe in burnout, and if you're 'strategic' about showers, you can sleep under your desk and work 130 hour weeks. Random reference: http://www.thegrindstone.com/2013/01/22/mentors/becoming-mar... I liked the clickbait title, why did it get changed to something more neutral :( Intellectual property is complicated - there must be some patent that Apple would infringe anyway. Perhaps the one on breathing... Hmm what's more important is that mobile has overtaken the desktop. If you add Android and iOS you get 51.09%. If your site doesn't work well on mobiles, it's high time you fixed it. * Touchpad support. I think most people who haven't used an Apple laptop extensively are not aware that the touchpad actually works, and you do not need to carry an external mouse to use the device comfortably. Macs (maybe with the exception of a Mac Pro) are only silent at idle, not in full load. By my definition of 'silent' at least. If you can't hear the system while gaming because you use headphones, sorry, it's not silent. If you just randomly build a beige box hackintosh, it will be noisy. If you spend some quality time on silentpcreview, you can get one that is silent even under load. I know, I have one. Still, I'd very much like to get a decent Mac Pro instead. Devil's in the details, let's wait and see. My hackintosh isn't becoming obsolete any time soon. I'm not sure it's the hackintosh... now and then I hear a lot of complaints about a particular version of xcode even on native macs. I don't use it, but I have work colleagues who do. You could improve it further - on every ls spin up several hadoop instances to do your map/reduce to process the output! Timeless reference: https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2001/04/21/dont-let-architect... "I think there is a world market for maybe five computers". The site linked to looks like shit. Don't know about the whole web. It's not that your majority likes the touch bar and doesn't use VI. It's that the influential developers who can work on whatever they want, or are trusted to pick platforms, will switch away from Macs. And that will be trouble in the long term. No current Mac, with the possible exception of the trashcan, can do the "quite a bit" that a pro user needs without spinning up a fan. Keep any of them at 100% CPU for 5+ minutes and see for yourself. Of course I use bookmarks. Not for sites i visit regularly, the browser takes care of that, but for reference articles I'll need later. I just use per-subject folders, nothing fancy. Well, the main question is still "why oh why?". It's not like Microsoft can't afford to pay developers to do something native. Also, calling it Visual Studio is very deceptive. Most devs know VS to mean something completely different. That's correct, I was talking about Microsoft. This is not a technical reason, but MySQL is now owned by Oracle, which carries a whole host of risks if you're a small fry. A technical comparison should be done between MariaDB and Postgres if you ask me... I don't get why all this chat is about software, licensing and software safety. The way I read it, a farmer can't change even, say, a brake pad (or whatever tractors use) without authorization from John Deere. I very strongly doubt that they want to mess with the software, they just want to perform minor maintenance themselves. You're quoting the dealer now. Not exactly the most reliable source. There was another article about this a few days ago (it's linked somewhere in one of the comments) and the basic description was "can't do any repairs in place" not "i want to overclock my engine". Even worse ;) Stupid clickbait article. Please edit title to "Minecraft to sell mods". Except you'll replace Google with another Google... This one's funny: "I don't know how old you are, but I'll date myself. Back in the old days of PC gaming, it didn't really matter what kind of CPU you had because everything out there was graphics card bottlenecked." He means he's too young to have caught the era where games on PCs didn't have 3d acceleration? Or even 3d for that matter... Oh yeah, i remember visiting a richer friend who had a soundblaster until my parents bought me a sound card... You're mixing eras a bit, I'm pretty sure windows 95 and up required a 386. It's not only languages. I used to check my weather at weather.com, but they decided to give me weather by default based on my IP address. They remember what locations I checked before, but they don't care and give me the geolocation result first. Guess what, they're getting the country right, but they're a couple hundred kilometers off, which makes the weather information useless. And back to the article topic, I'm in the camp that absolutely hates localized software. Translations are a lot more verbose than English and/or simply sound ridiculous. Please keep your site in English when you present it to me. While the content is spot on, I disagree about the title - it's more of an introduction than an 'all about'. You understand it best if you already know how to (not) use java.util.Date... Hmm the bt/wifi module is interesting, though expensive. If you go for a random off the shelf bt it's going to be a lot of trouble, if this is the original it will save a lot of hassle. The striped sata ssds are overkill though. Same for the mirrored spinny disks, raid is not backup and you're better off with time machine to an external disk or one of the online backup services. Just another data point: I've used Linux as my main desktop from about 1999 to 2008. I'm familiar with installing it from 80 floppies (before anyone points it out, that was before 1999, more like 1994) and recompiling I moved to OS X because I want a desktop that actually works. I have several Linux VMs - one per project - which I use mostly from the command line. At the moment, OS X and iOS are the least annoying desktop and mobile operating systems. Note that I said least annoying. They all suck in different ways and I wouldn't use OS X as a server. I also think Apple has no idea how to do online services; for example I don't use iCloud for anything. Still, the operating systems beat the alternatives. Only problem is, you have to use OS X for a few months to realize how much invisible polish has been put in. I first bought a MacBook, and it took me a year or more to decide to switch my desktop to a Hackintosh as well. Ubuntu tried to make a decent desktop with Unity and failed. Unity was the trigger for me for switching to OS X. The problem was, they need to put a LOT of polish in to reach OS X levels of usability, and they didn't look like they were doing that, they had some nebulous dreams of making a unified mobile/desktop interface instead. There isn't anything in particular I'd suggest to them, because they need improvements just about everywhere. Say, is the network manager actually usable these days? When I switched it was easier to just disable it and move along. And the main elephant in the Linux room right now is systemd. Low level Linux is basically being taken over by an incompetent developer who doesn't understand the Unix philosophy of software design and can't deliver working software anyway. He's the author of the abomination called pulseaudio - back then it was required to uninstall/disable it to have sound again. Now, software written by him is becoming a dependency of almost everything - he is trying to replace all the Linux infrastructure layer with his ideas. Sorry, I see no reason to take a look at Linux on the desktop again. Yeah but if i manage to find your dongle anywhere, are you sure it hasn't been updated to have a different chip inside? That's the common problem with usb dongles for bt or wifi. I have a VM of it. Unity is still as annoying as it was in 2008. No, I'm afraid I stopped caring about what Microsoft does long ago. I have a Windows 7 install on my desktop, but it only has games on it and I almost never boot it any more. Unfortunately I am cursed with a long memory and I keep grudges forever, and I'm old enough to remember the old Microsoft with the patent threats against Linux and the illegal monopoly abuse practices. I mean design, not performance... I know, I've used Ubuntu since it was out. I was very happy that I get a polished Debian. Until they dropped KDE from the mainline and started putting all their resources in Unity... The home user problem is the GPUs in iMacs are shit for gaming. The work user problem is the iMac isn't designed for 100% CPU usage for extended amounts of time. I work from home as a consultant, so I have both problems :) Thus, hackintosh... Pray tell, what "polish" is contributed by systemd's binary logs that get lost in case of a crash? Unix philosophy aside, Pottering can't be trusted to provide working software... I clicked the article thinking that Go pointers are something special... but this seems targeted at the "programmers" who only know javascript... Yeah, that's why we have chat programs taking 5-10% of the CPU when idle and in the background. The developers worked "closer to the problem domain". We all do... but IMO it's better to start with BASIC than Javascript... Oh, but they started the "intellectual property" threats way before Android was even an internal alpha. Isn't he working for an US company which contracts to DHL? And isn't said company pushing him because US labor laws let it get away with it? Speaking of sanity, I've heard that somewhere under these hundreds of layers of libraries that you're supposed to mindlessly install there is a "native" javascript API inside the browser. Is there any comprehensive documentation resource online or offline that teaches you how to use that in a modern browser? No thanks. If video conferencing starts to work, my customers will start to ask for it. And the loss of productivity will dwarf the annual spending on business trips. You executives can go on and fly, don't ruin work for everybody else. I really don't see what the article's accelerationism has to do with the notion as used in Lord of Light. In spite of the Hindu religion references, that is definitely not a philosophy/politics book. It is Zelazny's best book in my opinion, and you can read it - it has little to nothing to do with the Guardian's article. Funny, I thought Diet Coke tastes like plastic. I'd rather drink less of the normal than experience the 'diet' taste. Someone please change the title to "15-question python programming quiz". Or python and js? I stopped at the 2nd python "trick" question. Also, remove the "generalist" reference. Generalist those questions aren't. It was their 'generalist' statement that made me quit. As far as i know, systemd is creeping in as a dependency of a lot of unrelated packages - even UI packages. So you can have a Debian that doesn't run systemd, perhaps, but not a Debian that doesn't depend on bits of pieces of the systemd OS any more. Is it me, or the pricing per page view isn't displayed anywhere in the overview? Of course, if i click on the links to the actual enrolled sites i get 'this service is not available in your country' so it may be there. Funny enough, all examples of successful visual tools in this conversation are domain specific (yes, even UI builders are domain specific). The ones mentioned in the 'it's unusable' category are the ones trying to do everything. That should answer the OPs question better than any specific answer... To be honest, I blame Unicode. Why allow different representations for the same character, and then provide a normalized form anyway, except it's not one normalized form but several? Sounds like job security to me. I don't remember those having multiple representations for the same character in the same encoding or normal forms... Well, composed characters may or may not have been a good idea, although they're a pain for text search if you ask me. But why oh why did they have to specify FOUR normalization forms? Ref: http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr15/#Norm_Forms Besides battery life, Chrome on the Mac prevents sleep indefinitely sometimes. If you check with pmset -g assertions, you'll see Chrome saying "WebRTC has active PeerConnections". No thanks Google, you shouldn't get to decide when my PC goes into sleep mode. I really hope Safari is better than that... Edit: just as i'm typing this, Chrome has: pid 19325(Google Chrome): [0x001ccbbb00018b19] 01:55:40 NoIdleSleepAssertion named: "WebRTC has active PeerConnections" 2 hours for... what? I have no idea which page is guilty. It's the main Chrome process, I killed it and all Chrome windows were gone :) And i wouldn't call it a leak, you need to do extra work to prevent the system from sleeping, so someone did this intentionally. Oh well, since I had to close Chrome last evening to my computer will sleep, today I opened Safari as my main browser instead. Google annoys too much lately. I've seen 6 hour wake locks as well. From Chrome. Even if it's a leak, why 6 hours? Pretty simple: you use spaces because you're aware that there is more than one IDE/editor in this world and who knows what your code will get opened with tomorrow. This means you consider consequences beyond "but it works on my machine" so you're a better programmer. Ergo, higher salary. They might be configured differently, and you usually can't align stuff properly using just tabs, you have to use a space or three somewhere. Also, you never know if it's spaces, tabs or a combination of them in existing code - which you may have not written yourself. So in the long run, the indentation WILL get fucked up and you WILL miss something when fixing a bug in code that you or someone else wrote 6 months ago. And your 10 minute bug fix will take 3 hours. Multiply both values by a constant factor as necessary. It's simply not worth the trouble. Actually they all boil down to 'someone else, or another IDE that you haven't configured just right, will mess your tabs and make the code hard to read' :) They're fine for solo projects i guess, if you only ever use one editor. Edit: Also, in the long run the best thing you can do to your code is to make it easily readable. You will forget what you did. Not to mention your colleagues that have never seen it. So time spent aligning parameters to make code more readable is well spent, if you ask me. Sir, you're no fun. Too bad that you can't order one pre built. I'm not competent enough to solder that. I'm assuming that besides it being waterproof, it's also fireproof? That would make it interesting. Other than that, limestone isn't renewable while trees are so... All you need is a little self discipline, not a special app. Turn off notifications, check your messages when you're taking a break, do not attempt to chat real time. The only actually useful feature of this app seems to be that it's thread oriented, but you can mitigate that with enough irc (okay, Slack these days) channels as well. One time pads (with good randomness) delivered by armed couriers. Sorry for the non technical answer ;) They missed the most important piece of information about this: How the hell do I turn it off in all my browsers? After gaining a bit of experience programming, I've developed for myself the following rule: If I feel particularly smart and proud after writing a piece of code, I look at it again and remove some smartness in favour of readability. Unless it's absolutely performance critical, in which case I try to comment the hell out of what's going on. IMO don't generalize unless you find out later you need the same algorithm somewhere else. Otherwise, just leave the specific version in and stick some info in the comments (like a link to the high level description of the algorithm, if it's a common one that has a name, plus some pointers to your specifics). But they don't have a desktop version. Their so called native apps are html in a browser. "Subscribe to our newsletter" popup that takes forever to load and locks up the page on load. Insta closed. The two small boxes containing one CPU each instead of the large case seem to be the actual retail packaging though. Or so Tom's Hardware's unboxing says. Hmm. In a field like software development, where the good people work wherever they want, this means they will lose their best staff. Time to take a look at current desktop Linux again :) Do they? I don't think the OP (or me, for that matter) is looking for documentation telling him where to click in the UI. The article seems to be about more low level stuff. If you want to be treated equally you have to join an organization where the majority of workers are remote. Otherwise you run into crap like "make yourself available all the time". If you're the only remote employee, the OPs advice is pretty good, but I'd add "look for a real remote company" to it. Also... video chat? What's it for? In a remote context you get those very useful text based communication tools that come with automatic logging so you can reference stuff later, and you want to do video chats instead? This is work not dating, how about clear written statements instead of cues? :) Edit: I suppose that if your only socialization is with co workers, you need those video chats and stuff. In that case I suggest going out and meeting friends once in a while. Well the article is from 2010, which was just the beginning of the GPU boom, and does not mention GPUs at all... The way I read systemd news, it's not worth analyzing it because Poettering will say 'won't fix' or 'working as intended'. The industry may develop a migration strategy immediately, but the Oracle lawsuits will stay. And very few organizations can afford a Oracle lawsuit. Yep. Two iPads for 3 family members here. It's enough, but you have to remember on which one you left your stuff. If it could seamlessly recognize who picked up the tablet and switch to their stuff, no matter what ipad it was originally on, that would be magic. I wouldn't even mind having a sync server in the house (a desktop mac, maybe) to help with that. The way I see it, they abused their position in the CSM for in game advantages. When one random player betrays another, that's fine. This wouldn't have happened if they weren't on the CSM though, which is something out of game. They should be permanently banned from both the game and their CSM positions instead of being made heroes. Article says they were both CSM members and that the turning happened due to face to face conversations while they were in Iceland on CCP's dime. Would they have been on friendly enough terms to pull this off if they weren't meeting regularly due to being on the CSM? I don't think so... Fanfest is one thing, regular meetings in a small group that not any player can get on is another... That would remove any way that you had to run a server on your home machines - trade one freedom for another? And remember, the SE is phone sized while all the other decent (specced) phones are tablet sized :) It's an optional extra just about anywhere, but most routers have dyndns or some equivalent built in these days, and besides your address changes so seldom that you can run a server for a small group by just telling them the new IP when it changes. He does say "middleware" a couple hundred times in the article. Most of his sales advice doesn't apply to off the shelf consumer software. Doesn't mean the article doesn't look insightful though. The OP may be talking about the bundles that have "pay what you want, get 3 titles, pay more than the average, get 3 more etc". Which is not exactly pay what you want. Especially since "pay more than the average" will actually bring the average up across the life of the bundle. I used to pay significantly more than the average for a bundle when they were new and truly pay what you want. Now I happily get the lower tier of games for $1. If I bother. Hmm don't you have to pay to access the full newspaper? How does that mix with Tor anonymity? Ah right - i was thinking of hiding from the US government, which can get the identity of subscribers directly from NYT. I forgot there are other governments too... shame, I'm not even from the US. Unreadable. Too bad, the title seemed interesting. Also, sound? This privacy invasion is a two edged sword too. Google is getting very good at searching for stuff you use daily, especially if it's gaming or some other media in fashion. However, it's becoming useless for infrequent searches. Try googling any random error message and notice 90% of the results don't even contain it. Dude, you're treating it like a bug. It's not. It's intentional behaviour that started 2-3 years ago. Instead of giving you just the formerly relevant results, they give you all kinds of crap that they think you are interested in. You can still revert to the original behaviour by selecting 'Verbatim' from the search tools menu, but you cannot make it default. And in time I'm sure some marketing head will remove even that option. Edit: and if you never experience it, my guess is you're working with some technology that's "in fashion". I get the rant about font sizes and i agree with it, however the OP should keep in mind that displays are of wildly varying sizes and aspect ratios, and physical measurements don't really help much. For example, I'd rather have the 5 inch box be 3 inches on a 7" tablet, and 5 inch on my 24" monitor. If you go the path of pretty design with typographical conventions you end up with those web pages that show 2 lines of text on mobiles and take up 15% of your screen on a 30" monitor. Very interesting. We tell you that google's invasion of privacy is polluting search results, and you keep telling us there are ways around it. Why should we have to work around it? I never turn off javascript. It's still unreadable. Are you using a phone? Some posters were saying it made sense there. Do you also remember that the Word that you installed from 10 floppies was a lot more responsive than the Word you subscribe to now? You are saying hardware is a lot faster now. And you are correct. What he is saying is that applications are a lot slower, in spite of the faster hardware. And he is also correct. He/she/it hasn't heard of 1920x1200 :) All those devices are 16:9 i think? My monitor, for example. Or do you only design for phones? I'm afraid I'll close your sites sight unseen if you do them that way. That only goes if you're willing to fight the firmware all the time. Bonus, crap colours if it's a cheap TV. Doesn't matter for programming, but if you occasionally do anything else besides shuffling text around... I'm not current, so please enlighten me: Is "deep learning" just a new buzzword for neural networks, or is there something extra? So I said until i had an older cheap monitor and an IPS monitor side by side ;) Tech specs are an easy way to compare stuff, but they don't always say everything. Funny enough, the linked site praises the Guardian's approach then hits me with a popup to subscribe to their newsletter... I wonder if it has some "convenient" extensions to the ssh protocol that will only be available on Windows... At least they can't afford intentional incompatibilities in this case. Congrats, you just have wasted 26 minutes of your life. I thought Troy Hunt knew how to write? Unfortunately I am somewhat older and I am cursed with a very good memory. The behaviour I describe in the OP used to be the standard for Microsoft. Feel free to audit the source code if you want, I'm not using Windows any more so I don't really care. So what are the next movie franchises to get Disney-ized, like they did to Star Wars? All the super hero stuff, I get, but that's not the only thing that 21st Century makes is it? Will that help them reduce the heat and noise in their HDDs? I just replaced a WD Black with a same tier Seagate and I finally don't hear seek noise any more... This is just a marketing announcement. Possibly they ran out of ways to improve their products? I'd say income - even marijuana is expensive, not to mention the strong drugs - and the availability of decent booze for cheap. Decisions decisions... do I wait for the people at GoG to pack Phantasmagoria with ScummVM for Mac or do I do it myself? You can write more efficient C(++) if you know assembly, even if you don't write anything in assembly. You can write more efficient python if you know C(++) and the various tradeoffs between data structures, even if you don't write any C++ and don't do any data structure by hand in the current project. ... You can use an ORM more efficiently if you know SQL. Same thing isn't it? That assumes the ORM doesn't completely get in the way, of course. Pray tell, what's a "rape kit"? I assume it's not a kit that makes raping someone easier... Sensitive much? When a commercial service that's not widely known is mentioned without an explanation of what it is everyone complains. I still don't see why I'm supposed to know what that thing is, since I'm neither police nor a rapist. Are there any actually secure ip cameras? Somehow I don't think this is a badge of honor for the "romanian hackers". They probably just scanned for default passwords and known vulnerabilities. Who said it's not hacking? However, it's on the "unskilled labor" side of hacking. TL;DR: a Hackintosh isn't good for his use case. He's actually one of the few remaining categories that Apple is specifically targeting. Item one: He tried to use an AMD video card. That's mistake #1 right there. In spite of AMD being the default OS X graphics, it's a royal pain to make an off the shelf card work in a hackintosh, while nvidia just works. Check the 'why not AMD cards' thread on tonymac... Item two: he seems to want the advanced graphics capabilities that are still a good reason to buy a genuine mac in the first place. Better to buy a real Mac in this case. Item three: he hasn't hand built a PC in 20 years. And since he's doing video work, he's probably not very technical either. If you're familiar with messing with a unix-like operating system at a lower level, it's fairly easy to fix all those little problems. Now if you're a programmer doing native code, I'd still recommend doing a hackintosh; Apple has no hardware for you, so you might as well roll your own. For desktops, that is. Also get an apple made macbook pro for portability. Maybe the one without the emoji keyboard though. Thermal issues, they're not designed for 100% CPU usage for long periods. They may throttle and not catch fire, but they're also noisy at 100% CPU because they have a laptop cooling system. Please don't tell me about the redesigned cooling system on the new iMac Pro unless it's been proven to remain silent while, for example, building Qt from source. Lack of storage. For my use case at least, which involves a lot of VMs and large source trees. Please don't suggest external storage boxes. Shit video card for taking gaming breaks ;) Or the monitor is too big for the video card, I'm not sure. Please don't suggest a separate gaming PC, considering how much Macs cost they'd better play games well. > I do not recommend using a hackintosh if it pays your bills. It will eventually break and there might not be a fix. Or do it like me, I have a hackintosh but also a genuine macbook pro - which i need anyway because a desktop hackintosh isn't portable. If the hackintosh acts up, I have the laptop to keep me in business while i figure out a solution. Not at all, I'm describing my use case. And to add another example, a friend of mine is working on a 5K iMac (non pro) on a normal-ish desktop application. He has to use external storage for testing, because the application has to manage large document libraries that don't fit on his internal SSD. Also, he's always mentioning that the iMac gets noisy when he's doing a build. I'm a (sort of independent) software developer, and a Mac enables me to do software on the 3 major desktop platforms and both major mobile platforms on the same machine. It's a no brainer really. I can make it run on whatever the customer wants. And Apple used to have a system that fit the bill pretty well - the pre trashcan Mac Pro. If the promised expandable Mac Pro comes out and they don't make it unusable for one dumb reason or another, I may abandon hackintoshes. > I've now got a 80% working setup after carefully choosing compatible components (including a Z97 Asus mobo, an insanely fiddly to get working Thunderbolt card, and a custom PCI card with original Apple chips for BT/Wifi) Careful what you wish for. I have no Thunderbolt and no wifi on the desktop (it's immovable so I use a network cable). I would never try to get TB working on a hackintosh. Nor iMessage/FaceTime. For those I have a Macbook Pro. Audio works out of the box. All USB ports but one work out of the box. Sleep works out of the box. You're saying you bought a Z97 Asus mobo. You bought one that you liked just because it had a chipset that usually works, or a specific board known to work 100% from tonymac's compatibility list? If you had to patch kexts, i think it's the former not the latter. And High Sierra... I don't have that even on my laptop yet. Waiting for a few more patches. After it works fine on my laptop I'll consider upgrading the hackintosh. And yes, I switched to OS X after 10 years of Linux as my primary OS. I've installed Slackware from 80 floppies and hand compiled my kernels because back then it was the only way to get the right drivers in. I still make a lot of my money by doing custom ARM linuxes for various devices. On VMs on OS X :) That's about where I stopped reading. > The AME version kicked in the fans on the iMac. Interesting... so they're noticeable. Anyone around who has (access to) an iMac Pro and can comment on the fan noise? Ah you're right. Wasn't the Pro. But my question still stands. There are some that seem to work like that. And then their site is a tiny thing lost in the middle of your 24" monitor... :) You.cannot.win!