Shouldn't it be another type of combinator? Therefore the price is about $500 for the puppy depending on the dog. Then you have to factor in food costs and checkups to keep the dog looking cute. I read that WikiLeaks was on fire also. Some UPS caught fire. No. I doubt that this nutjob has made any contribution other than spreading hate. They really should use http://sisc-scheme.org/ . It is a much better interpreter than Kawa. I don't think kawa has tail call optimization. I think if it was the plans to make this it would be more Hacker. I use safari's built in RSS reader or Google Reader. I usually read the whole feed unless it is quite large and then I skim them or read the first 10. Well using reverse sort of misses the point. You are supposed to implement reverse. Knol doesn't distinctly look like a google page. It seems like they are trying a new layout and design. Some schemers on #scheme on irc.freenode.net are toying with it I believe. I really don't think that Riastradh would approve linking parts of his site to places like news.yc. He started removing the pages because of that. Using the splits that Yahoo has had and its current stock price 1,574,364 shares is worth $31 723 434.6 You know this could also be used for censorship. If someone wanted someone to disappear from a photo this would be more convincing than airbrushing them out. This is a really neat program though. Seconded. They say that they are working on a mac version. It seems like the cappuccino version is slower to load compared to the jQuery version I wonder how the OLPC will do given there are a great deal of competing netbooks already on the market. I would recommend SICP http://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/ Very messy. I really should clean it up. Because its Dilbert. Not ycombinator. Sounds like stuff from the minority report. For some reason the site is saying that its blocking me due to a "hacking attempt". I don't understand why it is doing this to me I wasn't trying to hack it or anything. Using lisp if you have a network based REPL you can modify the running code live without taking the site down. Create a new space station and possibly try to go to mars. Maybe you should also invest in a spell checker... It looks like so far the GNU project has been a huge success. Actually the prime was found through GIMPS and that is a vast distributed computing project. See http://www.mersenne.org/ Those goggles almost look like they are from splinter cell. More like the former than the latter. Maybe it would be better if we try a more top down approach generating data semantically? Maybe a browser that has a zoom in function like the iPhone could be devised for these netbooks? Looks like an Ignoble prize in the making. $0 Great, more crap in the blogosphere. What's next amoeba writing blogs? Yea like arc . Oh wait. I would host in sealand by havenco see http://www.havenco.com/ Your interface seems a bit cluttered. I would try to clean up the frontpage a bit. I can get a free cup of coffee from starbucks and extra credit in my classes if I vote so that justifies why I am voting. The opportunity cost for me not voting is too high for me. I smell an ignoble prize winner. There doesn't seem to be any xml / html generation libraries and they call it weblisp? Thanks for being a ruthlessly honest dick. See http://code.activestate.com/recipes/343386/ First rule of hn. Don't tell others about hn. I use darcs for personal use and it is very easy to use. #scheme on freenode. Performance hasn't though. I think I will finish this com What is supposed to replace newspapers? Traffic is probably better. Traffic that actually makes you money is even better than that. Is open source hardware that much harder to do thats why there aren't a lot of projects out there? Someone should make simplysadnews. You would think that they maybe should have held off releasing chrome until extensions were put into chrome possibly? Thought that can be changed due to experiment (bayesian thought). Deconstructuralism applied to society and preconceived notions of truth (or even if truth exists). Nondeterminism and how that applies to free will. Thats what makes me get up in the morning. So PG's conjecture is there is a equilibrium point of appeal for people part of this site? I found about this a week ago and it kicks ass. It really helps when you are working with scientific information which is all in PDF's. Myself what do you guys think? http://aconsapart.com/ Oops sorry I was moving to a new server. No it hasn't. I have been printing since grade school because my handwriting sucked to begin with. I have been typing since then also. How about creating an experiment and designing it right on turk? You create a rough sketch and then you auto-correct it using people? http://community.schemewiki.org/?90min-scheme2c In 90 minutes you can write a scheme to c compiler. Couldn't the abstract dumbed down a little serve as the stub for wikipedia? Sounds like a good idea. But it doesn't work if they have css turned off. Yes. TAOCP ,SICP, Lisp in small pieces, Probably the upcoming clojure book comes to stuff that should be consed on the list. That and MMIX. I used to have panic attacks but they stopped after taking zoloft and eventually I grew out of them. I have cyclothymia and I deal with that pretty easily. When I get manic I obsess over thinking of new ideas and new approaches to problems that I have. I use all of my will to stay logical during this time. When I start getting off of that mania I start actually implementing the solution. Also, I think that taking martial arts and my logic class have helped me weed out the idiotic thoughts to and to get more structured thoughts. What about the festival of lights?? Yea its legit. I know from experience. It allows them to leverage your contacts for marketing purposes? yea they are going to take the guts of the iphone and make it into a sublaptop. Considering the low end of the EEE pc's are the same clock speed no one would notice the difference. When in hacker news do as hackers do I guess. Yea thats what I do but I have an efficiency function which judges my iterations so I know if an iteration is actually good or not. I don't know why but as soon as I looked at that page I wanted to search for 1984 the movie. This sounds like a daily wtf posting in the making. Except we have taken apart md5, sha1 and working on AES... cryptosystems are made to be broken. We haven't proven if a one way function exists. When we can do that then we can move forward in encryption. I have watched it on google video up to the sex scene. it was pretty faithful to the book. I did read the whole book online . Now that I have revisited it is pretty faithful. The Cell is based upon a PPC G5 core with 7-8 SPU's or in other words cores which are specially designed vector processors. All of the cores run at the same clock speed (3.2 ghz) I am more interested in not dating one but more interested how to get dates if you are entrepreneur. Wouldn't it be a better idea to court european VC's than american because they might pay you in euros? Lots of mathematics, abstract algebra, computability, topology, linear algebra. Also, I want to understand more about theoretical computer science. Hopefully this will be the KO hit to IE6 cruft. No offense but I think a great deal of hacker news fans have seen this one way or the other. I remember there was response to this called lisp is an acceptable lisp. If you want lisp and are using ruby why not just use lisp? If you want ruby but use lisp just use ruby. It doesn't matter which programming language you express your ideas in. It only matters if you actually get cracking and implement your ideas. Pointless saber rattling about programming languages is quaint and dandy if you aren't actually programming. To quote feynmann "If I were forced to sum up in one sentence what the Copenhagen interpretation says to me, it would be 'Shut up and calculate!" Yea I agree with yegge. I think that lisp is what you make of it. Language doesn't matter. I misread yegge. lisp isn't a popular language its more of a language where you either use for industry or you use for experimentation or both. I personally think it doesn't matter what you code in blub or not blub it just doesn't matter. What matters is if you ship or not. Is it madness? No, prices for everything are down because of the recession. Now might be a good time to do a startup. The other side is that it will be difficult getting VC funding. I had a news.yc that covered a similar topic. If the company actually knows what it's doing they should allow for about 6 months where people can get their social graph / other data from the website. Why does a language make such an dichotomy. Why not instead learn tools and apply it in the languages that you know. Use what you know not the dogma of the other languages. I use time machine to back up data on my mac os x box. I haven't launched yet but if I did I would create a mirror on S3 since I am going to use EC2. No offense but hypothetically if we had private ownership they would agree with a standard marking. Its naive to assume otherwise. I don't agree with ayn rand on all things but corporations have standards.... I am thinking about doing this with an emacs mode [spartan emacs] and darcs. Good response to roger ebert and his ranting about the topic. I really don't give a shit about alienation. I try to talk about anything and analyze the person I talk to using philosophical techniques. (philosophy is good for good conversation). University of Illinois at Chicago I am studying computer science as an engineer. There should be a vendor / company neutral symbol. Might as well just advertise for github. I don't need a badge to tell me I can hack. Use the glider symbol from the game of life. Octocat is stupid its cute but stupid it is meaningless. No matter what experience you have you probably will learn something from SICP. Dude, with a name like sleep and a thing called hoes how can you go wrong? It doesn't look that bad as a scripting language actually, I applaud you that you actually created the thing. :-) I would like to see myself solve P ? NP. Not a competitor until they actually release it... but, it probably would make a big dent in dropboxe's sales. Either that or it would make cloud storage more popular and it would make dropbox more popular as a result. And the watchers watch the watch on the watchers... Looks interesting that we might have an opportunity of transparency in government. I am trying to get VC through my school (UIC) they have a competition where you can win 20k if you compete. Or you can go to Chicago and have many colleges to make friends at (GO to ACM meetings) great community and you can get anywhere on metra / cta. Negatives are the VC funding I guess. I rather do something I love and not get any money at all than doing something I hate for all of the money in the world. Thats what I am doing except I am doing research right now on computation as an undergrad and I am auditing classes to get the information to complete the research. Its fun when you can pass out of classes to simplify your course load (self study). Freedom is power. Power is happiness. It doesn't sound like it would be that hard to combine the two. Both are open source projects ... Well even if the publisher dissolves they probably can ooze over to a new publisher. Not bad. Clean design and easy to use. A great copy of craigslist. Mathematicians want to live fast and die young? There is another legend that there is no nobel prize in mathematics because Gosta Mittag-Leffler cheated on nobel's wife even though its probably not true. See http://almaz.com/nobel/why_no_math.html No, places like MIT and other research universities will survive because they also are a community of research. Also, most people who are actually using the Fab lab are associated with research institution. I don't really think that the masses will start using fab labs anytime soon but possibly in the future. I'm going to work on a SASS /Compass like framework for a scheme webframework called leftparen for google summer of code. http://blog.leftparen.com/ Carbon emacs package (latest) Aquamacs is unstable at least the last time I used it. Anything.el makes emacs feel like quicksilver (which is AMAZING!!!). I use redshank (hacked version for scheme) + quack.el + paredit.el for my main environment. I have been trying to use darcs and the wiki page for notes but I haven't gotten into it. I know my mentor. The chance is high that I will work on it possibly. I wonder where lisp falls in puzzle languages? A great deal of information about running a startup. Also the latest things on the web. Another case of scheme in name only. Why does everyone call new lisp-1's scheme instead of lisp-1? Actually according to the article they HOPE that it will mutate to death... PLT scheme has a couple of demo games included in the distribution that you might be interested in. Maybe they can ask for all of the CCTV cameras to contribute to google so not only do you have street view but you have building view. I thought this would happen. They changed some of the pieces and such but a great deal of the games on omgpop are obvious copies of the original games like bomberman. I bet they will be sued over other games also. Either that or believe in the singularity. Darien, Il a suburb of chicago. Tetris has a long record of winning court cases about tetris. Its more of a viral marketing experiment. I have a strong disdain for viral marketing because instead of being able to ignore it your friends make you use the application. At UIC they have two kinds of computers. Computers that run according to ACCC specifications and computers that are owned by the department of computer science. Guess which ones are easier to deal with... SISC targets the JVM with tail call optimization with some trickery. http://sisc-scheme.org/ Also pretty much any lisp with some type of syntactic macro system. No offense but this blogpost is pretty much fluff. All it is is a blatant transcript of the video. I was on the A/V team to help record this. Everyone is better off just watching the video. If I talk to the guys at pycon we might be able to do a transcript if we had another volunteer. I was thinking about doing this after I read this fluff piece. Numbers are probably skewed because people put false relationship data on facebook. Do I get a bag of holding with my premium account? Put postings on hacker news saying that the online media is full if it? What you did here is probably the best. Using quantum theory to explain psychology sounds like wishful thinking to me... Hopefully this will set a precedent and more companies like amazon will block Phorm I think what they have done here is a real victory for science. Also they have given back something that we all take for granted. It makes you wonder what we will be able to do next. It would be very detrimental for me to smoke because of the fact that I have asthma. Hrm. My asthma isn't bad enough to probably justify smoking but ehh. I think they could comprehend at that young age that something weird is happening to the clocks. What would make a clock tick slower at one place than the other? Edit the title so it says HN instead of NH sort of glaring typo. Seems like navify is overloaded at the moment. It looks pretty professional. Sort of interesting too. If there was a way to automatically get hashtags or news stories or submit possible stories that might be a way to improve the service. What about world of goo or portal? You have to work on the quality of the search results. I did a simple search for ipod, and laptop and got items related to laptops or ipod's but no results returned the actual product. Also there seems to be no way to organize the search results by price either which might be helpful. Preorder and camp outside the store just like the other iPhone models. Larger and potentially more reliable than any of the other botnet either. You could probably sell parts of it off at a profit. Most useful would be to donate the compute time to folding@home or Prime95 IMO. Yea this brings the point that PageRank could have been licensed from Stanford to Microsoft at some time in Bing development and as long as they don't infringe on the google trademark they should be fine. Statement by freenode because of the block http://blog.freenode.net/2009/06/new-freenode-webchat-and-wh... Analysis: Seems like mibbit was being abused and it was difficult for freenode to combat the abuse. Freenode eventually just got fed up with all the time required to fix the problem. It was too easy to get on mibbit to evade a ban to screw with a channel. As a millennial (born 1988) I enjoyed the book but I was unhappy that we couldn't finish the book in class for some reason (time constraints?). I want to rebel against some of my parents values but I am primarily more concerned about getting a college degree and integrating into society. Your right, my teacher didn't tell us this interpretation in my school. The book makes more sense now. If I recall correctly that was explored in my class. What I meant in the original comment was the fact that he misinterpreted the poem. Technically completing 10% gives you 30 days to submit another algorithm to do better than this algorithm. Unfortunately this will encourage customers to pirate the content. Only problem is that TOR can be compromised by operating a hostile exit node. This involves running a packet sniffer on a exit node and analyzing the traffic. I am in college but the people I would want to hear in College probably would be John McCarthy Peter Norvig It has a few security holes including the one you mentioned. http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2004/May/0347.html The college I go to disallows checking out textbooks. If I want to check out a textbook I have to go to my community college. At an open source confrence I was at (flourish) they had an android developer which developed games. The sales were considerably lower for android apps I believe it was 10% of the sales compared to iPhone apps. This is a really bad decision from digg. I suspect that people will start moving away from Digg as a url shortening service now. The diggbar was bad enough encapsulating the content in a frame. Looking at some of the statistics one can conjecture that if your users are more technically inclined it is more probable that they will use firefox. They will use IE if your userbase is less technically inclined. I don't know about really apple moving them to adapt in this case. It seems to me that this is a response to the popularity of linux in server environments. They want their virtualization software to support linux. This doesn't detract that both parties benefit from it though. No he primarily programmed in Piet See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piet_(programming_language) . Note a slight error the transfer rate is 20mb/s not 200mb/s. Here is something that scientists have studied which does this http://www.tjhsst.edu/~rlatimer/techlab06/Students/OuyangPap... They actually take the approach that you state. They also have to judge how the system solved the problem. If you don't reach an optimal state you could be only approximating P=NP. Reuters could do nothing and come out ahead while the AP wastes money on this. They don't even have to make a statement. All they have to do is not follow the AP's footsteps. You could do that exactly. The problem is that the soap surface computer doesn't always perform the task to find the best steiner tree etc... I remember reading about this and the stated reason is the fact that his competition hates that he is offering his classes for free. This really needs a set of users to help test this. My username on that is zitterbewegung . I have a wave called hacker news. http://pygowave.p2k-network.org/waves/ryfHdRJuEA/ ? I really don't know how to export waves. I added jochen to the wave. Unreliable it doesn't necessarily give the best steiner tree or a good answer. Sort of hazy on this mainly just googled this information. Gmail on my desktop with the gears extension. Sometimes I use my blackberry message client to read emails. I really don't think that hacking has actually jumped the shark so to say. More like the community has diversified from purely academic hackers and crackers to more corporate hackers and entrepreneurs. I wish they went into more detail about some of the 50 new features. Also, an interesting way to get twitter buzz. The site will retweet the preview site if you hit the top link. The two prime numbers are multiplied to generate a larger number for use in the RSA algorithm. It is a hard problem to factor a large number and that is why it is used in the RSA algorithm. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA . The inputs to the problem are the primes and you know when it is solved when you have the two numbers multiply to give you the larger number. I remember steve gibson reverse engineered the protocol for a bot and figured out what it did. Do you think there would be an advantage for a ycombinator like group that wasn't based in the United States? Or do other venture capitalists have this covered? My school (UIC) is a part of msdnaa so we get windows 7 for free. What about a paper on lisp like "A basis for a mathematical theory of computation "? From the preview that I saw it looked like a good comic so far. Looks like a really bad article on a possibly promising treatment... No, this is only an approximation of the TSP. (Edit: parent post sort of got me thinking about if we could practically resolve P?NP to P=NP and the implications of that although it would be much like P=NP.) In the article instead of saying nothing of interest was found he could have said he verified the null hypothesis. Mr. T probably can't but you might be able to have Dr Who read your status reports http://tombakersays.com/ . Isn't this an SQL view/ presentation on couchdb? Are there any disadvantages for using it this way? Do you plan on releasing the book as an ebook anywhere? Such as the kindle or any other form? I think this article doesn't actually address the obvious question of the stigma of actually eating in-vitro meat. Actually looks sort of compliant. Although it seems like a toy implementation of scheme. Looks pretty nice, clean interface and well polished. What is your profit strategy? Do you plan on making money through sponsorship? That is a frequent request for sites that have votes. It would be an interesting experiment to try it out on hn or some similar system to see how it handles. Maybe it has to do with the fact that engineers aren't second class citizens in google? I bet it has all to do with corporate culture. 4chan is probably the best example of this. Loads of people want an image board but it isn't profitable. This should be required reading on redaction in the government. http://www.fas.org/sgp/othergov/dod/nsa-redact.pdf 3.7 HN years. Probably after this post a little bit more. So what is the actual solution? ArXiv usually has most of the scientific papers that I read. Google Scholar gets the rest. But probably the best place is looking up the author an finding his personal website and downloading papers. EDIT: Also check with your university if they have an agreement for papers. Seems to me that possibly webOS is the superior technology that is almost destined to fail to slightly worse technology like the apple app store etc... You would probably require a ridiculous amount of VC funding to even make a plant. Also, you are competing with people with PhD's in the field doing research. Seems to me they are comparing apples and oranges. I think there isn't that much intersection between both products and who would buy them. I have been thinking about getting a nook and I already own an droid. This sounds familiar. It happened to Plurk apparently.