i'm genuinely wondering how they managed to break something this simple in Opera. wait, basic building blocks of applications aren't features? don't worry so much about the career thing. if you're at a good and challenging spot that meets your personal needs, you'll start to shine automatically. think about what really makes you tick, and try to find a place that matches this. why are you in a startup? for the autonomy? or for the superhero feeling? for the potential big money? other way around, what of that won't you mind missing if you switch to a big company? answering these questions may help you find the kind of spots you like best. describe the workplace you'd like before giving it a name. i mean, there are middle grounds, it's not a black and white thing. i work for a 250-ish people software consultancy firm, who 'rent' me to a well-funded and well-managed 10 people startup. i have all the joys (and occasional overtime/stress) of working at a startup. this includes high degrees of autonomy ("we need something fixed here and there, kind of, to solve this and that problem. we think. you work it out.") and a cozy "us against the world" atmosphere. meanwhile, at my actual employer, i get coaching from experienced engineers and managers, a training budget, and the comfort knowing that if ever my work at the startup stops being challenging enough, i can switch projects without even quitting my job. this matches my needs, as a result of which i'm learning and growing fast. what are yours? Nice story, bad title. Unlike the US and UK legal systems, in the Netherlands, court rulings don't define new legislation. Some court may rule different in another case; judges are to only consider the law, not other rulings. > - If you think you need variables (like in SASS), you are probably thinking about it the wrong way I've yet to see CSS code for page layout without the usual awkwardness where margin-left of some element MUST equal some other element's width minus some bar's left offset, yadayada. It's for stuff like this that variables make sense. I wholeheartedly agree that if you need a variable to colour two bars and a heading orange, you're probably doing it wrong. The blog you refer to only has an example with colours, which is just too easy. I don't know where those guys live, but on my planet all resumes are communicated as PDFs. Nearly all shown examples lose some or all of their power when not in physical form. That said, it seems it's most designers' resumes so maybe that's why. I wonder what CVs could be cooked up for more technical and/or organisational positions. A github printout comes to mind. Why don't you just split into two little 37signalses when the time comes? In all the proposals / solutions mentioned here for dealing with growth while maintaining a flat culture, this is one approach I haven't seen yet. It worked well for a Dutch consultancy firm called BSO, which reached over 6000 people in the 90's, all organised into near-independent little companies of 50-ish people each, all targeting a different market, but each with the same culture and values. The firm itself was a flat company of these little companies (called "cells"), so effectively there were just 2 to 3 layers of management. ( http://www.extent.nl/articles/entry/origins-original/ if you care about the details) Nice trick, but you end up selling a LOT of readability and maintainability just to get a "cool feature". When in Rome, act like the Romans: wouldn't a nested for loop do the trick just fine, in a way any C programmer can understand? Ok, well I'm rather new here, but if 50 applications were accidentally marked as late, does that mean there were like 100+ applications overall? That's a lot of new companies. Are all these already for real, or are the bulk of them in the "programmer with an idea" stage? I had hoped that, too; as an avid Opera Mail (M2) user, this would've been awesome. I don't see why a browser vendor needs to run a webmail service so bad (also, it's not new; i had an @operamail.com address 6 years ago) on the latter example: you could also just compile that hugely useful c library as a nodejs plugin directly. Do you want high grades, or do you really want to learn something useful? If I were you, I'd not worry so much about "getting the most out of of university grades" and join the board of some student organisation instead. Or start an evening startup. You'll learn plenty difficult engineering stuff also if you get average grades. Meanwhile, you'll learn about the real world in a safe environment, without the risk of having no money to buy food if you fail. That said, if your main worry is to pass the exams at all (or to finish that report, etc), I've learned two tricks: 1) start with the easy parts. Sounds stupid, but it helps motivation tremendously. Especially works with reports etc, but you can do the same with exercises while preparing for exams. 2) Remember why you're doing this. I'll assume it's because you want to get the degree, you want to show yourself that you can take on this difficult program, because you know you can. Or something along those lines. I can't seem to access the site, and I also can't seem to shake the idea that announcing an unreachable site confirms all my stereotypes about business in Greece :-) seconded. in addition, it feels arrogant. highlight how nice and fun it is, not how super-special-awesome. nice story. paragraphs would've helped, though. true that. which immediately shows how excellent the HN community still is, because i've seen far lower points on every other social site i know. good going, guys! for me, these tools just underline how horrible regex syntax really is. I always wondered why Node.js is based on V8 in the first place; to my (limited) experience, SpiderMonkey's API is both simpler in use and better documented. Was it a speed thing in Node's early days? Cool move, nevertheless. Sounds like a pain to maintain, though. Won't you spend as much on gas driving to wherever you decide to bulk shop (Bay area isn't tiny) compared to your neighbourhood supermarket, as you'd save by bulk shopping? Cool stuff! If it works as advertized, it's basically wget plus a lot of perl/bash hacking, but then for non-programmers. I think it solves a very real problem. Basically voids a whole bunch of the infamous REBOL oneliners ( http://www.rebol.com/oneliners.html ). I guess data export options would be very important. I wonder to who they want to market this. I think the target audience willing to pay for it is very much used to working with installed enterprise software only (MS Office plus some CRM/ERP that they hate), and might be reluctant to switch over to a web application. Freemium model? sad as it is, i guess this just means the web software industry is growing up. in the high tech devices industry (consumer electronics, advanced machinery, etc), this has been the status quo for decades. there certainly are time zones with less than 500k inhabitants. if you're dropping GMT+0, it'd only be fair to drop those other time zones too! > Second, the advocated method of stying your site with Modernizr is to first make it look good assuming no "advanced features" exist and then progressively enhance. This ensures that the failure of Modernizr to load will leave you with what you started with. I think the big problem and why separation of concerns matters is that people don't design a site once and then let it be. Most frontend developers maintain already existing sites, across new features, new browser versions and new end user expectations. You can't apply that "advocated method" there, or at least you can't do so equally well. I guess that simply disabling Modernizr when adding new design elements until things are good enough, and then enabling it for the "advanced features" could be a work around. I've yet to see such a disciplined workflow somewhere, however. Nevertheless, I agree with you that it's the least ugly option available. Maybe making it easier for a developer to temporarily disable modernizr helps styling with the "prefer good styling with no advanced features" approach. The first blog comment somehow underlines the truth in this post: > You’re such a dick, Scott. Nice idea. It seems like a workaround for HTTP's one-request-per-file problem, rendering it useless once HTTP gets "fixed". Will this be useful once something like SPDY gets commonplace? Only his response to the AVS question in http://acko.net/blog/on-termkit#comment-4240 made me realise exactly how powerful this premise is. TermKit could become my OS of choice. thread tl;dr: boring post, let's discuss beer instead. don't confuse naivety with pr: she's talking on record there. barring a few nutjobs, i've the idea most politicians are significantly less naive than they let show. all security i've seen depends on the obscurity of passwords. There is no difference, except in how easily things are spread and cached and logged (i.e. the only reason to not put passwords in URL query strings) Socially awkward people are seldomly "clay candidates". > Ask me to reverse the order of words in a string and you'll get: "Words in a string".split(" ").reverse.join(" ") #=> "string a in Words" Which is, of course, the best answer you could provide. Unless you're applying for programming microcontrollers, that is. C has modules all right. A .c/.h file pair is essentially what many other languages call a module, and have all the problems that the modules in Joe Armstrong's fibonacci example also has. Wonderful how if something is long ago enough, expansionist powerplay and useless collateral damage becomes "truly magnificient". Unfortunately, they're not. Nothing here either (Opera 11, Windows). Seriously guys, Sproutcore is so horribly not-cross-browser that it's a joke. Please stop making sites with it. Didn't 236759 people already make this? Smells like vaporware. I never really trust it when people first make a blog and a domain and a fancy headline and a fancy logo, and write prose with lots of "will be's" and "will have's", all without showing anything substantial. I'll assume that there's a reason why you wrote "across a large number of browsers, including IE7 and IE8" in reply to a comment about Opera? I must admit I haven't checked right now, but at least a few months ago the site was all about how awesome Sproutcore is, but accidentally neglected to mention that there are common browsers on which it does not work. I had to install and try to use it to figure that out. IMHO this is a serious attitude problem; launch first, make work later. That's all right if you're open about what's missing, but the Sproutcore site makes promises ("it works") that it can't keep. This is what Microsoft has always done, and afair it's the only company to ever have really succeeded at it: make a piece of software accessible and understandable for novices, yet powerful enough for power users. Office has this. Windows has always had this. If any company can actually make something that works great on very different devices, it's Microsoft. Scala oneliners: "Multiply a list by 2" REBOL oneliners ( http://www.rebol.com/oneliners.html ): "Open a GUI, read web page, send it as email" Site seems down. If getting HN'ed already kills a service like this, it's not very reliable. Not something I'd want to depend on for this kind of service. Oh man, and I just coded essentially the same (with persistence through, for we need history) with CouchDB over the last 2 months. If only you'd have launched a bit sooner! ps. Maybe it's me, but 2 hours ago your site worked great in Opera, and now the design seems broken. If you changed some CSS, then that might be it :) If this works out, it basically also means Scala->JavaScript through emscripten ( https://github.com/kripken/emscripten ). Slow, probably, and probably with nearly impossible interfacing with the DOM and JS libraries, but still - pretty cool The current CLR version is definitely not at production quality like the JVM version, and afaik it never was. At a recent talk in the Netherlands, Martin Odersky also basically admitted that there's still a fairly long way until the CLR version is really at production quality, and even then it will probably keep lagging behind the JVM version. So surely you're right about intention, but that's also about all it is. Nice story. People still do this stuff by the way, for example in 4k democoding. E.g. how these guys put an entire world (+ music) in 4 kilobytes: http://www.pouet.net/prod.php?which=50063 ('download' for the Windows executable) Or use an email client with a horizontally split screen. Damn, I read "One of the coolest eruptions from Sun you'll ever see. This happened today." I was like finally, closures in java! Not sure which 'this' you're referring to, but my joke is now at 38 points. Does it really matter? They're just points. And don't worry, i'm still not able to downvote people :) We use OpenOffice at work. Aside what the others said, it has horrible automatiritis, worse that old Word versions. Example: I have a "Heading 1" style at 20pt, bold, italic. Start a new line at the end of a document, choose "Heading 1", OOo decides to make it 20pt, bold, but not italic. No idea why. Style setting is correct. Only fix is manually adding italic markup to the text. Just an idea, no clue if it has any value: I know that at least a fair bunch of US startups have teams that are highly geographically distributed, incl all over the US or even across contintents. Bandcamp, Banksimple and Stackexchange come to mind, probably many more. Can't you apply with companies like that and work from home? It gets you into contact with the kind of cool guys that you can't find in your area (which might help you stand the local folk better too), gets you some income, and gives you some additional purpose because you're working on a cool product. Seems like two erfectly sensible points to me. Why did people downvote this without even bothering to comment on why? Quite the talent buyout I'd say: they're actually convincing people to move to Palo Alto from Amsterdam . That's not particularly Mountain View. Surprising, too; If some BigCo would buy the company I work for and ask me to pretty please move across the pond, I'd reconsider inf times. It's kind of sad that the skill demonstrated here is often the most important skill of a programmer: solving problems with the simplest approach possible. unfortunately, many companies fail to acknowledge that the real superstars are these people, and not the people who'd say "ok, but i'll need a 3 person team and 2 months". Well, that's demotivating. I always thought that producing OSS was a matter of hadcking something awesome and putting it on github with a nice readme. Turns out you have to read a 300 page book first. That assumes someone has live access to your email. If someone has a recent enough dump (or simply a mail you forwarded yourself, because you didn't understand the security implications), then the "forgot password" button does really provide more security than login tokens inside the URL. Meh. The author implies that farmers are likelier to have no clue about computers than people who "would buy their fruit online". That's just nonsense, and it illustrates that the author has a very 1950's idea about farming. Farming in western coutries these days is about running lean and highly automated businesses on tiny margins. Virtually all professional farmers are comfortable using computers and specialized software. > Furthermore, when offering direct login links you are training your users to not remember their passwords. Come to think of it, that sounds very convenient. How about a security model that links an account only to an email address? This implies that anyone who can read that email account can log in. For many purposes, this might be fine. You could do without those nasty passwords entirely then. Logging in from a new computer without cookies stored means having yourself a new "log me in" email sent. Sucks if you have to open your email just for that, but then again, for some services, this might seldomly be a problem because of their email-oriented nature. > I might as well put my password on a post-it and stick it to my monitor. Hey, guess what my mom does. if you want to go to a link called "14 comments", start with typing "14". I think you get the blank stares because half the interviewees don't know what "pessimal" means. TL;DR: Author had a deadline to meet so he wrote about how nobody, himself included, knows whether or not Facebook will be big and awesome forever. Attached a catchy title for the pageviews that his performance will be judged by. i must admit i'm somewhat impressed how fast the hackers and cheaters managed to take over bitcoin trading. i think it's kind of cute. people hoped for an economy no government could control, and got exactly that: anarchy and a burning world. > Of course it might be possible that the computer of the person who sold the Bitcoin was cracked. But that's not the fault of Bitcoin. Just like it's not the fault of the dollar if someone mugs you at gunpoint. Except robbing someone typically requires you to take physical risks and (threaten to) use violence. I'll be very curious to see any effective way of tracking down bitcoin thieves. If you have to be a security expert to own more than a few dollars worth of bitcoins, the project has effectively failed already. > You should be willing to cut out features that aren't used. How about the features that everybody wants but weren't marketed / made accessible well? In other words, I think such a statement (as well as a fair part of the article) are too simple. How do you know people just don't want the feature, but can find it and understand it? The extreme example of this is an entire product. If a product has few users, because it has recently launched or was just badly marketed, does that mean you should cut all features, i.e. the entire product? Genuine (almost entirely off-topic) question: why the indirect link? You're only mad because you don't know anything about the company that used to own ING Direct (a Dutch bank called ING, currently heavily state supported because of over the top cowboy banking). if you can always legally access the book, which will for sure be available to you in that drawer, then the hotel key you stole must be a closure. A closure is the hotel room key that you kept so you could always access all items you hid in there, and the hotel personnel cooperating with the whole ordeal. Why the hell does this site need to be able to read my Twitter direct messages for me to be able to cast a vote? This article made me realize that to enterprises, what SaaS really sells is not the ease of (or lack of) deployment, but the disability for IT departments like these to control deployment at all. i liked the examples. a typography noob, this was mostly new to me, and made me think about how small things do really matter. Wait, I don't get it. The title is about laying visualization like music, and the text is about implementing game of life? Didn't everybody and their little brother do that once, on the then-current platform of choice? Then do a startup in Eindoven. On the international scale of things, Eindhoven is a suburb of Amsterdam. Or the other way around. People don't live in SF and work in San Jose much, either. That said, my underbelly feeling is that Eindhoven is getting a nice startup scene, slowly swelling, though mostly focused on devices and not so much on software. But in all honesty I don't think there's much of a difference. Whether my startup buddies make html5 apps or the next revolution in fitness machinery, we face much of the same kinds of problems. Addendum: I think Eindhoven might have near virgin hiring grounds. Thousands of brilliant people currently work at a small number of high-tech BigCo's, spending a week on fixing two bugs in 30M lines of unmaintainable C code (I'm talking to you, ASML). Some of these must know, deep inside, that things can be better. I think that a startup that grows a fair bit past ramen profitability has a lot to offer to these kinds of people. The biggest problem is how to get the word out. Are you going to post new Appsterdam articles every day now? If you approach someone in Dutch speaking with a (non-middle eastern) accent, people will switch to English without asking. It's horribly annoying really, learning the language (and thus really picking up the oh so important subtleties in professional and private life) is made really difficult this way. People often explain it as kindness, but it's really just plain rude laziness: for many Dutch people, speaking slow and clear Dutch requires a lot more energy than upspeed English. Let alone listening to and trying to understand broken Dutch. Cool stuff. However, something mostly entirely offtopic that I genuiunely wonder about: it seems everybody registers a .com just to make a HN post. What's the point of this? Why not post the same data on your blog? Paper.js admits to not supporting IE http://paperjs.org/about/ ). Other browser support is not even listed. I guess this means that it's not usable for most serious end-user apps now. This article surprises me. I'm Dutch and I always thought that in the US, everybody had super awesome broadband for nearly no money. Not sure why, though. woa, is that http://documentcloud.github.com/visualsearch/ in those screenshots? if so, wow for fast adoption. I don't think most posters in this thread realise how many flat-out nutcases there are out there. My girlfriend's 90+ year old grandma used to be occasionally harassed on the phone because she was listed as "Maria Lastname" in the phone book (in Denmark, where this is common). I can only assume that the callers didn't expect her to be 90+. The harassments stopped a while after she changed it to "M. Lastname". My conclusion: some people will go pretty far to get in touch with the other gender. If people want to hide their gender online, they should be given the possibility to. Please blame the messenger. See http://www.ilo.gw.utwente.nl/ilo/index.php?option=com_conten... for the M.Sc. thesis' conclusions. Notably: Students read the reading tests EMT and Klepel twice. Once printed in the font Arial and once in the font “Dyslexie”. The order was randomly assigned and in-between the reading tests an auditory task was fulfilled. Thus, the study measured whether Dyslexie reads better than Arial. Maybe Georgia reads even better. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2756870 Love it. I would like to be able to easily send thoughts to it from random places and devices, though. How about via email and/or SMS? I doubt you'll make an app for my Nokia anytime soon, but having to start up a mobile browser just for logging a thought will probably be a blocker. hmm, it's like twitter with only your future selves as followers. nice! You might appreciate what Jerry Neumann has to say about that: http://reactionwheel.blogspot.com/2011/04/advertising-fallac... Short quote: "In that case, if I put an ad in front of someone, and that person decides to click it, then I must be solving a very difficult problem indeed. ", but the article is best read entirely. Cool. Is anyone outside Facebook currently using this? At a quick glance, I like the focus on workflows rather than on features. Everytime I see an article like this, of this length, all to explain a single git command, I get the feeling that git (and all other decent SCM tools at that) are way too complex. It's well written and well illustrated, but I feel like I shouldn't have to read that much just to learn a basic feature of a tool that's supposed to exist to help me. Is this just me? Of course, the feeling is strengthened by the fact that I still don't completely grok git, but shouldn't a tool that's there to help me be easier to grok? I understood dropbox in 1 minute. I learnt TDD in 3 hours. Why should (distributed) version control be so much more difficult? I don't know how, just wondering if I'm the only guy who feels like this. I think it's a bit of a non-issue. It's really about time we get IDEs that allow us to hands-on manipulate the AST of a language, rather than edit text. In such an idea, displaying the That said, given that Scala doesn't have operators at all (just infix methods that are named with a series of symbol characters), isn't ← just implemented as an alias to I'm convinced that indeed it's worth spending more time to grok [git/hg/bzr] and really get the power out of it, but I just can't shake the feeling that somehow, it should be possible to make something with the same benefits that works much easier. I was hoping that maybe Kiln is exactly that, but from their promo-page all I can see is a rant about how cool DVCSs are, and not much about how Kiln makes Hg easier. There you go. What's a "branch tag"? What do labels do in "trees of nodes"? Mind, I don't mind tackling this kind of complexity when I do algorithms for getting something done. I'm perfectly capable of understanding what you mean if I'd really invest the time in it that I should. But why do I need to do such (relatively) complex yet abstract thinking when I want store a README, undo a mistake and then share it all with a colleague? True that, and that's what I do (well, I don't type that command but I right-click in Explorer and choose Git Commit, but I see your point). I guess the difference is that if there's something that Word can do that I want to figure out, there's good Help and I can get pretty far by scanning the menus. With git, good help exists too (in the form of blog posts like this article), except that the concepts are significantly more complex than those involved in making automatically numbered chapter headings. In short, to my experience figuring out how to do something non-trivial with Word is exploration. Figuring out how to do something non-trivial with Git is more like studying an advanced CS class. Argh, dah. Forgot that :) > It's one of the great things about Git; without it, you wouldn't be able to create commits from a subset of the difference between your working directory and HEAD. I never understood that. I can do this just fine even with TortoiseSVN. Just click "commit" and select the files you want to include in this commit. I don't see how I need to keep yet another data structure / piece of "state" in the back of my head for that. I definitely don't see why I have to look for an alternate career because of that. Am I missing something? I'm amazed at what people in the US earn. Seems like the Netherlands is a developing country after all. I'm rather certain that my employer rates me in at least what you describe as the "under 100k" range, but I earn 40k euros per year. Do you guys all go on holidays to Latin America 3x per year? And have six broadscreen TVs? And villas with seaside views? Or is a 1 liter bottle of coke just also 10$ in the US? The thing I liked about standard pace was that I had plenty of time to fail in boards of student societies, events organizing and an own company and whatnot. I always wonder a bit whether the people who skip years and study super-fast really know anything about the world. I once made a similar (but less real language-like) site to fool spambots on my now-defunct web consultancy's page ( http://www.resolution.nl/food if you care). The idea was that if a crawler that searches the internet for email addresses to spam would fill its DB with bogus, after which, hopefully, the spammer would simply dump that day's result in annoyance, including our real email address. Never figured out whether that really worked but it was fun to make. What did work, however, was fool a searchbot: The whole thing got me a very angry mail from a Dutch search engine team (ilse.nl) whose bot had been stuck on it for an entire day. I had no robots.txt (didn't even know what it was), which the search engine team decided was a really nasty case of lack of netiquette. Correct, which is why I laughed. Isn't the whole point of Lorem Ipsum to move the reader's attention away from the text? This text does precisely the opposite. What need does this solve? Their homepage ( http://www.veracity-scm.com/ ) lists a feature comparison chart, but that it has "user accounts" and "SHA-2" does not really help me figure out why I need this. Took me a while to figure out that it's only keyboard controlled. How about mouse input, or at least some "please use a keyboard" thing? I love how an article in a US paper about US defense strategies and US lobbyists working to get US politicians to make choices that only affect the US, is filed under international . > Ditto for a few shooting sprees in shopping malls. I don't know, the day after my neighbourhood supermarket was open like any other day. Sorry to nitpick, but is this guy really making a point that a site with a bland design ( = no rounded corners and gradients) isn't fun to use? Ah, right. Thanks for the clarification. I can imagine that sites appear to be fun to use, initially, because of a great design, but I really have a hard time believing that they really become fun to use. Like a game with awesome graphics and sucky gameplay, people play them for a day and then get rid of it. To me, the obvious use case is not bringing the .Net platform to Scala developers, but bringing Scala to .Net developers. At my company, we do a large majority of our work in .Net languages, mostly C#. Being able to incrementally mix some Scala code into this for additional productivity, especially in the areas where Scala rocks (such as distributed / parallel processing, or in-language DSLs such as Scala's parsing library), sounds like a big win. Support for C# generics is a must for that, though; you need to be able to pass List s around. Like other commenters said, the only danger is if the Scala guys would decide to stop supporting the CLR in the future again. > How does parallel processing in Scala "rock"? Actually, in this case I was mostly referring to the parallel and distributed collections. And stuff like coding a for comprehension that can be transparently spread over multiple cores or even boxes. I don't know enough about the actors stuff to make a good statement about it. Could you elaborate? (true interest, I didn't downvote) You almost make recruiting sound like a fun job! Thanks. Sounds much like a matter of taste then, though. I much prefer clicking a button over typing a command (f.ex. tortoisegit over git, explorer over bash mv/cp/etc). > Let me kindly remind you that every comfy house is built on ground first pioneered by people enduring hardships of camping. I think Bruce is on about the people who have a comfy house, but still choose to endure the hardships of camping. That, he feels (and I couldn't agree more), is more like masochism than like pioneering. For example, I really don't see why ' git commit -a -m "turd" ' is pioneering while right-click, Commit, check boxes, enter "turd", click "Ok" is not. Colour me impressed. I thought you needed fancy (relatively) modern stuff like Ruby for decent in-language DSLs, but clearly Bash can do the trick, too. I wonder how decent a programming language you could turn bash into using tricks like these. It's called "Software as a Service" for a reason. Hint: it's not "Data storage as a Service". The problem with PHP isn't so much PHP itself as the shares of bad programmers, libraries and examples out there. Awesome PHP is awesome. Wait, you can upload a .rb file to a random hosting provider and it'll just work ? Such a friendly response. The GP talked about "the given problem domains". One problem domain is simple, one-shot processing for plain old websites. Custom sign-up forms for stuff. Forms that email their data to some address. Homecooked personal-use search boxes that have "magic" functionality. All kinds of simple shit. These are deployed by FTP just fine. Another problem domain is deploying something to virtually any cheap shared hosting provider. These very seldomly have e.g. ruby support. Sometimes, for all kinds of practical purposes, you don't get to choose. The analogy fails because using XML is, often, a choice. You can't get around JavaScript if you want to make a decent web app. The platform dictates it. Or bzr lightweight checkouts? Quicker checkouts, less data on drive? He designed the app around this blog post. The actual checking out goes faster with SVN, nevertheless, because it's so much less data (assuming a decent amount of history). I'm not stating a preference, just facts. I love the idea, but I think the fighting-back tricks are a bit disappointing. I expected stuff like "uses its own botnet to ddos the attacker". Yeah yeah, stupid, not realistic. But redirecting to goatse? Come on. That's less exciting than a garfield comic. Excellent. Makes you wonder why browser vendors never improved on the usability of such controls themselves. I'm rather impressed that US states can, apparently, really make the case that protecting particular businesses against competing businesses is a "state function". What the hell? Shouldn't the exact opposite be a state function? Is this common in the US? (governments openly and clearly admitting to favouring A over B, because people high up like A better) It sounds like the direct opposite of a free market to me, and isn't that what the US is supposed to be all about? I mean, here in the Netherlands, we'd call that corruption and a scandal would ensue (which doesn't mean it doesn't happen; it just means that governments wouldn't admit such practices so openly). Note: I don't mean to judge; I just genuinely wonder how these things are viewed by common Americans. So why don't you just get a job? Much safer. A story like this gives me the impression that even if you want to clean the floor at Google, you need to know when to mergesort and when to bubblesort[1]. Why does Google find this important? Why do people who will not do programming at all need to know (relatively) low-level software optimizations? To be sure, if I'd ever apply at Google (which I doubt), I'd probably apply for a programming position and totally expect such questions. I'm asking about the non-programming jobs. [1]: not too far off though: http://web.archive.org/web/20050208031623/http://preacher.st... i don't get this. is it about a personal site? if so, how paranoid can you be? or is it about a professional site? if so, who not try calling a colleague? I doubt it. The next computing giant will want to sell in the US, too. Patent laws don't cover where you're from, they cover where you sell (or where you give away free stuff but make money from ads). You'd have to block all US visitors from your site to avoid the US patent system. I've been thinking about workarounds. Could a "I confirm that I'm from Malaysia" button do the trick? The text uses the term "research" with respect to Dyslexie. The only research performed was an M.Sc. thesis that showed that it is slightly easier to read than Arial. Symfony is a rather popular PHP framework; it is commonly regarded in the PHP community as one of the higher-quality frameworks (amidst many half-baked frameworks that cause serious problems once your use case moves past the blog tutorial). In terms of functionality, it's basically for PHP what Rails is for Ruby, but unlike many other PHP frameworks, it's been designed with the platform in mind rather than trying to force Rails' concepts into PHP, as a result if which it feels "just better". This has given it an edge over competitors, which is why Symfony is remarkably popular among the more professional PHP businesses. I think it's basically the only mature and popular surviving framework that dates from the blast of PHP frameworks that came to be when Rails got popular and PHP coders wanted that too. You sound like a PHP coder telling DHH to stop doing Rails 3 and get working on some existing open source framework instead. I know that HN is somewhat ignorant of the PHP community due to the large set of idiots there and the so not cool factor, but you're taking this to the extreme. Symfony is probably one of the most decent and most widely used pieces of open source PHP out there. > Everything is a Bundle in Symfony2: A bundle is a directory containing a set of files (PHP files, stylesheets, JavaScripts, images, ...) that implement a single feature (a blog, a forum, etc). That changes everything. Share your bundles between your projects or publish them in the wild. I have no idea whether this is novel, but it is to me, and I really like it. > it's a shame that they seem to be always running behind on standards compliance, causing all kinds of problems in daily usage. It feels a bit to me like you're reiterating a myth. I've used opera for 5 years and I've never run into this, afair. I virtually only get problems when devs use browser detection and then tell me that "this site does not work on opera". I've also had problems with sites that were just only tested on Firefox (used to be IE but the short-sighted devs all switched browser), but there it didn't work on Chrome either. Of course, this is just anecdotal evidence, but I think comments like yours are what keeps some people from trying out an excellent browser that does what you want and nothing else. The only thing that I think really rocks more in Chrome is its super-smooth and entirely hidden auto-updating mechanism. The article identifies a strong problem, but: > "This attitude is a natural outgrowth of our decision to operate education as a monopoly." Without any arguments to support it, the libertarian approach is served as the only solution. To my experience, Cake simply does not grow beyond their own blog tutorial. Maybe they fixed this, but last time I used Cake, for instance, if you were overriding hooks in the Model to e.g. change the data as returned to the view/controller, you had to do this different depending on how the data was collected. So in the same hook method of the BananaPeer, you either got a single Banana, or an array of Banana objects, or an array with a key "Bananas" which had an array of Banana objects. There was no way to figure this out except with a lot of testing. There was no uniform way to implement standard features and constraints inside the model. Cake was full of this kind of shit. It was, simply, horribly badly designed and to my impression only popular because its web site was pretty. The source code was horribly undocumented and the internal SQL query building process was a disaster. I love how the GPL lets people not have the features they want because of nonsense like this. It's a clear case for more liberal licenses. that first answer is basically pretty basic procedural graphics. There's a whole scene of people using smartly combined simple functions to create pretty and/or realistic shapes. Check out 'cdak', a 4kb executable realtime animation for a rather impressive example: http://capped.tv/quite_orange-cdak (video) or ftp://ftp.untergrund.net/users/ized/prods/cdak.zip (4kb windows executable) Since I've started to frequent HN, I've learnt a lot about stuff I wasn't initially very familiar with (mostly the non-technical stuff posted here). Recently, however, I find that more and more of what I read is slight variations of what I read before; I don't learn as much anymore. I think that this is not HN but me, and I think it's good. Basically, for me, it may very well be that reading HN for the first few months is launching, but reading HN for over a year isn't. Needless to say, it looks like I'm not launching anytime soon. > Basically it's the perfect SQL database for the times that you shouldn't be using an SQL database. Well, that comment resonates with me. I feel the same but can't support it well with arguments. Care to share what you would use instead? F.ex. to replace fopen() with like the OP describes. A bit boring, but Google comes to mind. I don't know, to cultivate a culture of absolutely not sharing sounds like bad business, to me. Sure it's good for each individual, but aren't you severely limiting the organization's product (let's call HFT software a product for lack of a better word) quality and competitiveness? I'm not talking about whether or not I'd mind working in such a culture. I'm talking about how ridiculously stupid it is to encourage such a culture. Isn't there some team of highly motivated, cooperative good engineers who are beating all the solo pilots, right now, somewhere? back at d-cibel industries, i only worked something like 10 hours a week. My experience is it doesn't matter much. The last startup I worked for had 4 women and 4 men (on average, over time; it varied a bit). I don't think gender was a significant issue to anyone. People were hired for their merits and treated as such. Is that so special? I think it's great that you're actively open to feedback and fixing it, but basically it means that you started out writing about stuff you, apparently, knew nothing about, so just assumed things. That sounds a lot like FUD tactics. The internet freedom camp seems to apply these more and more, seriously blurring the debate and screwing it over. Why are you doing these things? Why do you act as bad as the people crafting these laws? Why do you allow both camps in this debate to remove all truth altogether? I think 10$ for an obvious weekend hack is quite a lot. Aren't we all supposed to scream "non standard!!" like we did when IE added behaviors? The lawyer charges you once. Also, the lawyer charges you alone. Also, lawyers are overpriced, but that's another story. I'm sorry, but an article that starts with an authority argument as follows: > Bernard Hayes, PMP (PMI Project Mgmt Professional), CSM (certified Scrum Master), and CSPO (certified Scrum Product Owner). makes me not want to continue reading much further. To clarify: you become a CSM and a CSPO by taking a 2-day course each (well ok, there's an online exam, but you can look up the answers on wikipedia and pass). PMP is the only certification in that last that takes some effort, but it's totally unrelated to software and, thus, to most of this article's subject matter. My argument isn't about the article's main content, it's about its attempt to back up its arguments by listing certifications, but failing to do so because the certifications are meaningless. This is the internet. We tl;dr on little details like these all the time. My assumption is: "if the article's author thinks that these certifications give this person authority about what he's saying, then the author must not know what (s)he's talking about". Basically, it feels to me like the article says something comparable to "XML sucks because John Johnson, who studied Python programming for five days, said so". How am I a "reverse snob" for pointing that out? I learnt a lot during my 2-day CSM training. But nothing that makes me more qualified than you or my mom to say something about forgotten software engineering knowledge. Genuinely wondering how my pointing out that monthly subscription fees aren't one-time service fees deserves me downvotes? I like the idea, but it feels a lot like the W3C in the 90's all over again: solving a perceived problem with a standard instead of a product. Nonsense. I'm neither technically nor artistically top of the bill, I have no good clue about the "capabilities of modern computing", but still I've been an active demoscener (producing and consuming) for years. To say I don't understand why these things are impressive is, well, a bit weird. For me, it's simply (and only) freeing yourself of the limits of and replacing that by the limits of your programming skill and your computer's raw power. This differs per person, but in the winning Assembly demo shown at the OP, for instance, some people may find the sea-particle-system impressive for its technological prowess; i'm more impressed by how code, not keyframes, was used to choose where which wave flows. This also implies that I can find the same awe in watching Processing sketches, even though those hardly ever push the hardware limits. I love it. You spark an (imho) much more interesting debate: that of raw smartness vs pragmatic productivity. A colleague of mine (now hired) was asked to code a string compare during her interview for a .NET function. She said "String.Compare()". This puzzled the interviewers for a while. They asked her whether she could write it out, she said she didn't see the point. They ended up hiring her for other reasons (notably, references from trusted colleagues who had worked with her), but I still wonder whether that attitude worked for her or against her. That's my point. At work, I'd prefer someone using String.Compare() over some nasty hand-crafted for-loop with switches and things for all kinds of collation issues. Why would I ask something else during the interview? I love the GGP's solution for the same reason. If the regex is compiled only once, it may be only marginally slower (if at all), and it significantly improves readability and maintainability, and tremendously reduces the chances for bugs. I'd hire the him. I have the impression most Google-interviewers (and similar dudes/dudettes) wouldn't. I wonder why. Opera allows you to set the tab bar on your left (with little page screenshots) for years already. Works pretty well on large, wide screens. And not get the job, because it's likely wrong. Its gameplay sucks. This is because it was made by hobbyists who just couldn't bother spending any more time once the "omfg a good-looking FPS in 96k" effect had been accomplished. Kkrieger has all the problems that the OP highlights: it's half a game. I can't relate to this at all. Restaurants in my area have crappy sites, but none of them annoying in ways this article describes. They're just a bit old, or the text is too small, or the pictures are ugly. You know, the usual. Is this SF local news? If so, why is it on HN? But in a way, using the namespace like suggested is much more PHP-ish. After all, your class does not have sensible instances. There is not much OOP about it. Where there is something not-much-OOP about something, PHP supplies global functions (compare md5() to 5 lines of Java code) instead of classes. So, using global functions would. in many ways, be much more PHP-ish than using static class methods (which is more Java-ish if you ask me). Of course, you don't want to pollute the global namespace too much, so using the '_' namespace sounds excellent. I really like the idea. > If you want to defend PHP in any meaningful way then you can't just list things that can be done easily in almost every semi-modern web ecosystem Did you ever read Python's documentation? Or Ruby's? Or Java's? Show me one popular web programming language which has a full page, up to date, with examples and user comments and version incompatibility info, per function . Of course, it's just one point and I otherwise agree with your comment, but it's one hell of an advantage. Oh! Well, I must've missed that train (haven't done py for a few years). A couple of years ago, you had to get your info from a mix of a tutorial and a library reference, and most functions were documented with 3-4 sentences max and no examples. Hmm, that said, that's still exactly what I find on the official Python site (e.g. http://docs.python.org/library/stdtypes.html#string-methods - PHP beats this by lightyears with a single page with examples and comments per function). Which 3rd party thing should I be looking for? (genuinely interested btw - the docs is one thing i dislike about python, and maybe unrightfully so, apparently) In all honesty, what's the point of this? I understand the point of compiling to JavaScript simply because that's the only language that runs on the most ubiquitous platform in the world. Why compile to any other high-level language? Are there so many similar places where users are forced to use Lua, to warrant an extra layer? (with all the complexities such as debugging, a compile step, tracing errors back to MoonScript code, etc) Note, I'm not commenting about the language's choices. Maybe coding in MoonScript rocks big time. I just don't get why it compiles to Lua. Genuine interest: why is it so important to go public? What does your company win by doing so? I understand companies who need the one-time cash injection to stay ahead of competition. It doesn't look like you guys need that much. So what is it, then? Icons, in general, are overrated in my opinion. Only if an icon has a very clear meaning to all it can be safely used. Using an icon anywhere else is a big bet and starts with usability issues. E.g. whoever designed the play/pause/stop/previous/next buttons pulled that off, but it's a risk. I think a button that says "Save" is much clearer than a floppy disk. I think a button that says "Link" (or "Insert Link") is much clearer than a globe, a chain or whatever weird arrow you can come up with. I never understood why so much software has so many icons. I also think MS got it right in Office 2007+ with the ribbon, which essentially was made to enable "more text, less reliance on icons". I don't know any software that I find easy to use that relies on icons. I just landed and I can confirm that things are very bland here (and somewhat confusing). I agree! I also think compilers are ridiculous. You spend much more time tuning their output and learning their arcane options and switches and pragmas than you would need just writing ASM by hand. How about we've progressed to the state where HTML is the bytecode you don't want to see anyway, and designers can use modern tools to manipulate it? If the generated markup works, cross-browser and cross-platform (I don't know to what extent it does, but let's assume so), then what's the problem? For many purposes, optimizing the HTML nerd out of the process is a much bigger win than a 20k download (don't forget gzip) is a loss. I know this is going to get me downvotes, but I think the dogmatic "HTML shall be written by hand!!1" attitude all over this thread is just people clinging to the past. Oh well I also think vi is ridiculous so there :P I don't understand this move. To study at a renowned US university, you need to cough up a forture. To learn exactly the same but not get a piece of paper that says you did it, you can just take the classes online. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for free stuff, but I'd feel pretty cheated if I'd be attending Stanford on half my relatives' latest savings and they use my contribution to give it all to freeloaders. Note, I'm not against it per se, I just don't get it. Isn't this very unfair to the people paying the bill? Can someone explain the reasoning behind it so I can stop complaining about this? :-) I don't think you can put this out there any less harsh than this. Plus, all the harshness that's there is towards stupid journalists, not to the kid. And, well, they deserve it. > What Apotheker is doing is to change HP's business altogether. No he isn't, he's reducing its scope to the most profitable and future-proof business units. HP is one of the world's biggest enterprise software business. Yes, also before they bought Autonomy. They just also make PCs and printers and the likes, which makes consumers not know any better than "HP is a PC and printer maker". I see the sense of this, but I find it very difficult to accept. Anyone else struggling with this? Right, so a tiny measurement (relatively) is extrapolated to thousands of years? That's like standing at the beach, seeing the water rise and predicting when Europe will have sunk. I stand corrected. I vote yours as the best comment in this thread. Wait - is this special? Don't hundreds of companies do this? Given Google's excellent track record on direct contact customer support, I trust this will be an great step forward for the entire community! I can't wait for Finns to pop in here to tell us about the dark sides of this success. There must be some. For one, there's a tax rate that would make most Americans, and even most Europeans, choke on their latte. I'm not sure that's bad, but this article seems to neglect to mention that nothing comes for free. This isn't just "doing it smarter", it's also investing a massive chunk of money. Additionally, I honestly doubt it's sustainable. The example of the Kosovar kid with a language delay is telling: this will only work if there's only a few such kids in the school at once. With immigration to Finland strongly increasing over the past 5 years, the problem may at some point be more difficult to tackle the "traditional way" when, at least in certain cities and suburbs, half the classroom has trouble with the language. I don't think there's an easy solution to this. A lot of tools for (almost) the same job, it seems. I also like Zed Shaw's TNetstrings alternative: http://tnetstrings.org/ I like how it, indeed, is trivial to parse. Well, I heard that my milkman's aunt heard from a friend that Alex Payne said he would quit unless everybody moved over to become his neighbour! In fact, you made me wonder: how the hell do you determine that one city is better than another for "customer service hiring"? I don't imagine there's indexes for these sorts of things. Or education programmes for customer service people, at all. Or a single "best profile", even? Because every programming language's library does it slightly different. With the T, without the T, with or without the Z, converted to UTC or not.. Of course it's no rocket science to figure out, but it's work every time. Notably, JavaScript has no standard way to convert a Date to e.g. 2007-03-01T13:00:00Z. UNIX timestamps are worse because there's no hint about the timezone (should be UTC but often isn't), plus no space for milliseconds. Of course you can just *1000 for msecs and document that it's UTC, but once again, not trivial. Basically, you can't just convert a JSON string date into your language's Date(Time) class and be sure that it went right. This is a lot of energy wasted. The organizational and cultural changes needed to implement this list of steps are enormous. Massive . I really don't see how they could every become reality while managed by a company like HP. Changing software is easy . Changing a business is damn hard, doing it overnight straight out impossible. I doubt the OP realises what he's asking. it took me a fair while to figure out that this article is about multiple programming languages. Only in America could "what have you been doing the last 7 years?" be considered an insult. I consider it an interesting and spot-on question with, in fact, a very nice answer, too. Someone who can't deal with questions like that probably should never dream of becoming CEO of any company at all. You're asking that like it's special. Why is that? I mean, Python works great on Windows. Has an installer and all that; next next next finish. Package management is something of a hell (esp if you're used to ruby gems) but all in all it works fine. I for one, prefer win as a dev platform, no matter the deployment platform. That means if the language of choice is Python, I use Python on Windows. I always assumed that this is rather common.. Well, for Ruby, if your program complains that it needs "somelib", i do "gem install somelib" and it works. In my experience, this holds 100% of the time, on Windows. For Python, I have, afaik, 3 (and a half) options: 1) Use something called "easy_install". Installing "easy_install" is not at all easy, which means that the entire experience is somewhat, well, ironic. 1b) Something with "egg files". I never quite understood what these are or how to use them, but I believe they are somehow related. 2) Use something called "pip". If "pip" knows your lib, then all is fine, but if not, things are bad. Also, there are different versions of pip for different "builds" of Python, and I do not know which to use. Tools seem not to be able to figure this out for me. In at least one case I ended up having multiple versions of pip, installed through different means, because the one that came with Python (which afair is the case) was not the right pip version. 3) Google for the library to discover that there is an installer for it, instead of using one of the package manager thingos mentioned above. Trying to install trac on windows, I had to use all 3 of the above options (not 1b). I forgot what for what, but it wasn't trivial. As you can see for my story, which is probably full of incorrect details, I'm not an expert. But I'm no expert of ruby gems either, and when I use Ubuntu I'm no expert at apt-get. Why do I need to be an expert of all the four-ish python library distributions to be able to install a single program? I think that, these days, uniquely identifying oneself with just a single programming language is a bit like identifying yourself with a particular OS or computer. Most Windows users don't care much about this. They use Windows because it works best for them, not because they have t-shirts with Windows logos (or vice versa). The same holds for the choice of programming language. how, exactly is windows not developer-friendly? I'm a win dev by choice, so i wonder what makes you say that. I prefer VS over vim, TortoiseGit over remembering command line switches by heart, explorer over cp and F5 over 'make && ./myprog'. This is all just taste. But how is what i just described not developer friendly? Earlier results of this process at Eindhoven University of Technology included that "due to safety restrictions, the scientists were not allowed to eat the meat, which tasted bland". (sorry, lost the reference) The article has exactly as much information as its title. This article makes me wonder why Android, made by the world's champion of web apps, treats native apps and web apps so different. > Fun fact: The API being used has been deprecated for a while and, as far as I know, there is no alternative. Amazing that it works on non-Chrome as well, then! (opera, in my case) (also, hi! small world) Wait, it's invite-only, but you're doing promo on forums to get invites? No offense intended, but since I only want to be in a club that won't have me as their member, my interest just dropped. Nice initiative, but why try to hard to force a paradigm into a language that supports it badly? Kent Beck's more specific version of similar worries: http://www.threeriversinstitute.org/JustShip.html Lovely splash page. The feature list very much lacks a "supported languages" list. I know that the USA is the world, except that, well, it isn't. I like the pricing, btw. 10$ is an amount I'd be willing to pay for this (if you'd support Dutch). Uhh. I use _.map and co with objects all the time. It works fine. I don't see how it is any different from Maddy.map. What did I miss? Also, if the major difference is bugfixes in iteration, why don't you just contribute to underscore? > If you’re anything like me, you probably wondered why you were the only stupid person on the planet who didn’t intuitively get Git already. Spot on! I really thought I was the only one. I wonder what would happen if we'd take the git object model, totally as-is, and redesign a coherent set of commands to manipulate them. With simple and consistent switches, good command names (if at all possible), closely related to the concepts in the object model. Would that be very different from what git is now? My underbelly says yes, but really I'm not knowledgeable enough to tell. Any ideas?