Encryption would only stop attackers that are too stupid to grab the encryption key that would be sitting right next to the database. Browser would need to decrypt it, after all, and if browser can so can anyone else. The violation is that adblockers were blocking ads in other 3rd party apps. Manipulating other apps is the violation. This has nothing do with the blocking ads on the web like people are saying. These instead block ads in things like Angry Birds and other apps. > First, Android hasn't solved the updating problem. Sure it has - buy a nexus device, get updates. The rest isn't Google's problem as they aren't Google's devices. > It lacks code-signing Wrong. > Apps have access to a shell. So? The shell they can access can't do anything the app can't. That's like saying apps can run code - no shit, what's your point? > App Permissions, though many people think they help with this problem, actually have nearly no effect whatsoever on the ability to root/jailbreak/privilege escalate on Android. Of course they don't, because those are completely unrelated. iOS's code signing and other stuff hasn't stopped it from getting jailbroken. Complex systems have bugs, who'd have guessed it? Also rooting is an actual feature on some Android phones (such as all Nexus ones) - not an exploit. > Apps can dynamically update their own code at runtime. Yup, and as a result Android users get to enjoy real web browsers, for example. And languages with JITs. > If you wanted to develop a mobile/embedded platform to bring a new generation of users onto the web and into your customer base, you should have spent about 5 minutes figuring out how to do it without opening them up to harm. Android is the way it is because it wasn't believed these design features (aka safety) couldn't be included in the beginning. Wrong. Android is easily the most securely designed OS out there that still allows side loading, period. Not claiming it is the most secure, as there are obviously bugs, but the most securely designed. Desktop OSes are incredibly bad here, and iOS only manages to prevent it by stripping you of all your freedom. Gmail's IMAP supports the IMAP push extensions. I don't know if Apple's Mail app supports them or uses them, but just because it's IMAP doesn't mean it isn't push. Of course they don't deny indirect because that would be a lie. Everyone provides data indirectly via a thing called "warrants". Google publishes how many indirect requests they comply with right here: http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests Kind of like this? http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests If you believe this "PRISM" thing exists at all how the media is painting it, your data isn't safe in ANYONE'S hands. Google has way better lawyers to fight that stuff (and clearly DO fight this stuff - see the National Security Letters thing) than most other cloud companies. Google & Facebook have literally said exactly that. You are just refusing to believe them for some reason. False, national intelligence is still covered by Google's transparency report - see the NSL (National Security Letters) part. Google has been by far unquestionably, undeniably the MOST transparent. They were the ones that started disclosing government requests in the first place. They are the ones currently fighting against National Security Letters as being unconstitutional in the courts. If you can find a more transparent company when it comes to government data requests I would love to know about that company. And no shit Facebook and Google are in damage control mode. They'd be in damage control mode regardless of if they are guilty or innocent, this is a huge PR disaster for both of them and nobody seems to give a shit what the facts are - this went from a few bad power point slides to national panic overnight. Being under a gag order is VERY different from being under a "legal obligation to lie". There is no such thing as a legal obligation to lie. You can be under a legal obligation to not disclose it, or to not talk about it, yes, but to lie about it? No, absolutely not. Maybe these companies have VOLUNTARILY lied, that's possible, but that's also rather unlikely as that would suggest they are friendly with the NSA for some reason. Correcting your mistakes is not shameful or pathetic. Simple, you say "no comment". Companies do this all the time. Of course we can go back to business as usual post-PRISM, because PRISM turned out to be absolutely nothing. It's a mundane, boring data storage & analysis system for data obtained through FISA requests about specific individuals. It's not a data dump from major tech companies, it's not a warrant-less spy program, etc... Here: http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/06/08/18850035-intellig... The people up in arms aren't thinking logically, they are thinking emotionally. That's a terrible way to make any sort of decision. > It is a low view of the NSA to think that they do not have the ability to real-time decrypt SSL certs from every major SSL cert authority. For most SSL certs this is probably true, but Google uses perfect forward secrecy which makes this very unlikely if not damn near impossible: http://googleonlinesecurity.blogspot.com/2011/11/protecting-... > I still find these numbers fairly high. If cops need a warrant to get into my home why don't they need one to get into my "facebook home"? The COPS do - they are required to get warrants for data requests and those warrants can't be overly broad. The NSA are not cops, though, and somehow ended up with different rules. > but they mention nothing about the allegation that NSA didn't need to submit these requests. That's because everyone has already denied that claim. If you didn't believe them the first thousand times they said they don't do that, why would you believe them if they said it yet again? What are you looking for? The statements have all been made by those companies, and they all deny that any sort of broad data access by the NSA happens. Either FB|Microsoft|Google|Yahoo|etc... are all lying, or Snowden didn't understand what he leaked. I'm betting the later. > The government has already shown us how they are fully capable of lying, and even worse - forcing companies under their control to lie. The government can, and does, lie. The government can NOT force other companies to lie. Nor is the claim that Facebook & others are under the governments control remotely supported by anything resembling evidence. Pretty sure the NSA isn't that stupid to leave that loophole wide open. Similarly Google probably isn't allowed to disclose the past 6 months even in aggregate since they already published specifics. Most links I encounter on the internet are underlined in addition to colored. Apple has historically changed almost nothing between the developer previews and the public releases. There's no reason to think they will start now. Strong selling point WAS consistency. It clearly isn't now, as iOS 7 is hilariously inconsistent with itself even within a single screen. Scrolling repaints the content (expensive) Changing a translate3d does not repaint the content, it simply translates a GPU texture (damn near free) Sadly desktop browsers haven't caught up to their mobile equivalents yet and still have brain dead scrolling. Nope If the phone is off it cannot be remotely accessed, and thus cannot be used as a remote listening device. Which is stupid because of how obviously wrong it is. Batteries that can sustain the cell radio, CPU, and audio DSP are not small and easily concealed, and more importantly tear downs of phones happen all the time and no such reserve power is ever found. > The article linked to above, plus several other sources I've come across suggest you are incorrect. They are wrong. Which is not unusual, news outlets get technical information wrong all the bloody time. Hell, they get things wrong more often than they get them right. > I don't pretend to understand it, but there is some technique that makes your phone into a remote listening device even when off. Nope. > Also -- that's the whole point -- otherwise Snowden would just say "Please turn your phones off". Snowden is a dramatic source, not an accurate one. I'm glad he blew the whistle because it brings the NSA into the media's focus, but technical accuracy is clearly not his strong suit. They sell these devices for $20 or so called "multimeters" that let you measure this. Also there's the pretty fucking obvious fact that the battery suddenly lasts for months instead of hours. source.android.com Sure, but those greeting cards typically don't have quad core CPUs in them, either. You'd have to expand the claim to not only include hidden reserve power, but also hidden reserve memory, CPU, and audio system. Not to mention somehow convincing phone OEMs to actually spend the money adding this system to their motherboards and building it - there's no way in hell you are randomly sneaking that in at the factory without the OEMs knowledge. So now you also have to somehow keep the OEMs quiet about it. In a word, "bull-fucking-shit". > This advice is wrong. Try turning off an older feature phone's regular operating system, and then plugging it in to charge. Many of them will immediately come alive with a "charging" indicator on the screen, even when supposedly powered off. This pre-boot mode is perfectly capable of turning on the mic and recording what's going on. Smartphones do the same thing. But that's triggered by a hardware interrupt (you physically connecting power to an input). You CAN NOT do that remotely, as there must be power on the receiver to receive the signal in the first place. Or here, let's simplify it. Power off your cell phone, then have someone call it. Does it ring? No, of course it doesn't. Your argument is that by changing the caller from your friend to the NSA that somehow the phone would now be able to react to that signal. Which is utterly idiotic. Definitive source is easy as shit - power off your phone, then see if it's drawing any power from the battery. If it's not, then it can't be remotely activated. Period, end of story. That's just flat out not possible. If we had the technology to receive wireless signals without using any power our cell phones would have batteries that last for weeks instead of a day. > NOTE: Moore's law is concerned with number of transistors on a chip. That number has climbed, it's just split into several cores. Exactly, so now Moore's law is working against JavaScript, since JS doesn't do threading. So let's assume JS somehow magically gets to be ~2x slower than native instead of ~4x slower. With the standard being quad cores now, that makes JS ~8x slower than native doing image processing - you know, that whole "instagram" thing that's insanely popular on smartphones. And during that ~8x longer it's spending processing that image, your UI is completely frozen and unresponsive. Yes I know about WebWorkers, but WebWorkers are hideously inefficient & slow by design. The limitations with them are also absurd, it is not a substitute for threading. The world is better off forgetting that they exist - which it basically has. You know who else cooperates with the NSA? The Linux community. You know, that whole "SELinux" thing? Yeah, that's an NSA project. Turns out cooperating with the NSA doesn't automatically mean spying on the public, it could instead be hardening crypto security. Which is the NSA's other job, it turns out. Apple was probably the last approached as until fairly recently they didn't have any data as their cloud services were categorical failures. Yahoo still ranks far, far behind Google (and Twitter, and Dropbox, and etc...) according to the EFF: https://www.eff.org/sites/default/files/who-has-your-back-20... > right now the evidence points towards Yahoo doing that better than most. Evidence still points to Google quite solidly leading in this area. Yahoo has 1 gold star from the EFF, Google has considerably more. Assuming you place any value in glittery gold stars from the EFF, that is. Yahoo didn't challenge their involvement in PRISM according to these court documents. They instead challenged FISA orders. PRISM is not mentioned anywhere. The shitty CNET article is conflating the two, but they are not the same. So no, Yahoo has not contradicted themselves. The mount point of the internal storage is /sdcard, that's probably what he meant. > So 4.3 fixes neither the ad-hoc WiFi issue #82 nor the audio latency issue #3434. Low latency audio is "fixed" on the Android side, it needs better device support though. Apps need to actually support the fast path as well, which I don't think many do. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3kfEeMZ65c I don't know if the new Nexus 7 supports the low latency audio path, though. But Android itself does have low latency audio, it's a device-specific thing though. > At least for me, phone traffic is free What magical land do you live in that has truly unlimited cell data? And how much does it cost? > how would I even know if some feature is waiting for "nonexpensive connection" that is not going to come any time soon? The feature is typical used for things like when you enable "only do this on WiFi" type options, it knows that although it is connected to a wifi hotspot, that hotspot itself is using cell data so don't do that expensive thing that you said to only do on wifi. Typically the worst thing that'll happen is you will get a few "are you sure?" style dialogs when you go to install a large game or similar. Darwin is but a single (very small) part of iOS. Only if you consider all of iOS's frameworks & apps to be a binary blobs is it "almost the same problem". Android's SecureRandom uses BouncyCastle prior to 4.2 and OpenSSL in 4.2+ ( http://android-developers.blogspot.com.au/2013/02/security-e... ) It'd be interesting to know what the bug is and if that bug affects Bouncy Castle and/or OpenSSL as well, or if Google screwed up the glue code somehow > Overall I get the impression that Android will, just like Linux, be eternally "almost there". The version that fixes all the little niggles will be forever just over the horizon. Except in the opposite direction it seems. Android is very much already there for consumers, which this blog perfectly highlights. Your complaints, however, are centered around not normal consumers but power linux users. Linux: Caters to power users, never quite there for consumers Android: Caters to consumers, never quite there for Linux users Also FYI it's quite easy to remove the search box from the home screen. You can either disable Google Search entirely, or you can just install one of the half a billion or so alternative launchers in the Play Store. You can even have it look like WebOS if you want: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gau.go.lau... > I told my wife yesterday, "I didn't think it was possible that someone, in 2013, would develop a phone that was worse at event notifications than the iPhone but they've done it with Android!" How are Android's notifications worse than the iPhone's? Android's notifications have consistently been regarded as superior. There's a reason Apple straight up copied Android's notifications, Google got this oh so very right. > Since then, JS has gotten about a billion times faster across pretty much all browsers. JS has gotten slightly faster, but not much. JS isn't really a bottleneck anyway. Six years has also increased the pixel count by 10x (150k pixels in the iPhone 1 vs. 2 million in the SGS4). The hardware has barely gotten faster relative to pixel count, and in some respects (such as memory bandwidth) has gotten slower . The web is no more viable on mobile today than it was 6 years ago. Web doesn't do efficient - never has, probably never will. > 2. Android in particular is really nasty at the low end. The quality of experience you would get from a tightly optimised and simplified Firefox OS would be immeasurably better. Firefox OS is worse here, not better. Gingerbread runs far better on low end hardware than Firefox OS does. The later Android stuff is more demanding (particularly in RAM), but the performance target (60fps everywhere, low latency) is also much, much higher than what Firefox OS is capable of achieving. Firefox OS is less efficient than iOS, Android, or WP. By a lot . By "alarm" do you mean calendar notification or alarm clock alarm? Because alarm clocks don't require unlocking to see what they are, it sounds like you may be dismissing them before looking at them. Calendar notifications are in the notification tray until you dismiss them I don't know what other "event" notifications you are talking about. Also note that a lot of this is up to whatever app you are using and not Android itself. Oh, try using Google Calendar instead: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.and... (or whatever other calendar program you want - there's really no need to stick with the built-in if you don't like it) Go look at any hands on video or flash it yourself on a device that runs Android. It's clear as day that Firefox OS is far from fast and responsive on hardware that Android doesn't have issues with. And this makes a ton of logical sense, as it would be a goddamn miracle if Mozilla managed to make web technologies an order of magnitude faster and more memory efficient than anyone else. Or hell, just run Firefox on your existing Android device - that's all Firefox OS is in reality. Mozilla makes a bunch of claims about how it's "closer to the metal" or some such nonsense, but it isn't. It's not like Android runs all native code in a VM - it's as "close to the metal" as you can get, with the exception that system calls go to the kernel. Just as they do in Firefox OS. Particularly since Firefox OS is built on top of Android. I was referring to the NDK. The NDK is perfectly capable of input & drawing - it's what many games use, for example. It's also what Firefox uses. Well, Firefox is a hybrid - a mix of Java and native. But the web parts are all native running outside of dalvik and drawing directly to a surface via OpenGL. YouTube's API only requires the video player itself to be in HTML5, the rest of the app can be native or whatever the hell you want. The engineering work here is youtube hands you an HTML snippet (specifically an ), and you plop that into a UIWebView where you want the inline video to be and you're done. https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference There is no such ToS. Nor is there any "app must be HTML5" requirement. > it is an impressive showcase of what you can achieve with HTML. That statement right there is the single biggest problem that web faces. You still have to qualify it with impressive for HTML . Because the bar for HTML is just so, sooooo low compared to native. On desktop it kind of works because performance really isn't a problem - you've got boatloads of CPU & RAM to just throw at it and nobody expects 60fps. On mobile it's the exact opposite. Web isn't a viable platform for app development until people start saying "that's impressive" without the "for HTML" qualifier. And that isn't going to happen anytime soon. > Anyone who wants a stop gap though, should check this out: https://github.com/pwnall/chromeview A stop gap that adds at least 30mb to your application is a really shitty solution. You still have to download the library at some point, and the library has to end up in your app's private libs folder. Android doesn't do dependencies or inter-app shared libraries outside of those that are part of the platform. Except companies like Mozilla and Google (even Microsoft) don't give that data to those companies, and have no incentive to do so. Indeed, to a company like Google that would be corporate suicide as it would undermine their main source of revenue. Google's money comes from being a middle man, they want to keep their competitive advantage (your data to target ads) secret more than you do. So your scenario doesn't exist. > You don't need to treat me like the bad guy when I'm clearly not exploiting you. I'm not seeing where Google treated him like a "bad guy"? It sounds like he was expecting Google to sing his high praises, which of course didn't happen. The bug bounty payout also has qualifications that the author didn't come remotely close to meeting ( http://www.google.com/about/appsecurity/reward-program/ ), so I have no idea why he expected he should get paid. By his own admission he doesn't know how the attacker got access to his account, nor where the $20k came from. So what vulnerability did he find? I guess Google's failure here was to protect the author from his own lax security. > 1) "Google [...] doesn't give that data to those companies". What about selling that data? That's in line with what you call "being a middle man" I think. 1) Nobody really actually wants to buy that data in the first place. Companies that buy ads just want to sell you shit, they really, really don't care about you in the slightest. Sorry, but your personal information by itself isn't actually worth a damn thing. Hell, if companies were willing to pay for my browsing history I'd sell it to them myself. 2) Why on earth would Google sell one of its advantages? If Google sold data Facebook or Microsoft would buy all of it in a snap and Google would be screwed. s/gives/court ordered to produce/ And how is that relevant anyway? Do you think the government then turns around and hands it to other companies for shits and giggles? Memory bus bandwidth has nothing whatsoever to do with CPU word size. You'll have to wait for LPDDR4 for an increase in memory bandwidth. so step 1 of teaching C++ is "how to compile 101" where the lesson consists entirely of "g++ -wall -werror " Google has been publishing transparency reports for years and were the first to get approval for the disclosure of NSL requests. It's not Google's fault you only started looking for the information after Snowden's stuff. > Early Android prototypes, shown by Google just before the iPhone was announced had half-size screens and physical keyboards, just like the rest of the smartphones of the day. The HTC G1 was also one of the early prototypes shown off. Android definitely came later, but they were already working on a large, capacitive touch phone before the iPhone came out. > Since then Apple has consistenly beat Google on hardware features, from the retina display Uh, no, so very much no. Apple was sooo late to the high density party. Android was shipping high density, high resolution phones a year before Apple did. Apple did leapfrog on the density front with retina, but they were definitely, unquestionably playing catch-up on this front, not leading the way. > camera innovations, the motion co-processor, a working fingerprint sensor (for a change) All of this was done by other companies first, and in some cases better. > The iOS Cocoa API is leaps and bounds ahead of the Android API. This is such a stupid statement. Both APIs have their advantages and disadvantages. > The major points for Android devices were not better engineering per se, but stuff like bigger screens, different configurations etc. Which was enabled due to superior engineering in some respects. True density independence, flexible layouts everywhere, architecture-neutral designs, etc... > Compared to what, since, according to TFA they have the smallest touch latency? Drawing apps can easily end up with significantly higher latency than the baseline if they aren't careful with how they do input smoothing and such. It's really easy to get that wrong and bloat your touch latency. Read the actual report, not the venture beat blog spam: http://appglimpse.com/blog/ > We built simple, optimized apps to flash the full screen white* as quickly as possible in response to a touch. The apps contain minimal logic and use OpenGL/DirectX rendering to make sure the response is as quick as possible. Since these are barebones native apps doing nothing more than filling the screen in response to a touch, this benchmark defines the Minimum App Response Time (MART) a user could experience on a mobile app on each device. This has fuck all to do with Obj-c vs. Dalvik. Android's input system is in C++ anyway. According to this test WP8 isn't any better than Android. Well, specifically the Lumia 928 isn't any better than the Galaxy S4. Need to be specific about which device, since we're almost exclusively talking about hardware here (touch controller, GPU, and display controller) - the OS isn't doing much. > Silly, lazy, javascript-loving google, it used to work just fine without javascript It used to not be interactive, either, yet now it is. JavaScript used to not be a core web technology, yet now it is. > You can still inject your hack via LD_PRELOAD + detouring dlsym/dlopen. Even were that not possible, you could have fun with, e.g., ptrace. This all works on Windows, too. It's what things like FRAPS use, or the half dozen game overlays that apps like Mumble offer (including Steam's for that matter) Anti-cheat systems are just a constantly escalating game of cat & mouse like anti-virus systems where signatures and code patterns are recognized, game DLLs are hashed to see if they were modified, etc... There's zero, zilch, nada OS level support for these. Input latency is going to be Audio & Video, on the other hand, is more interesting. Let's assume everything is running at 60fps. Your encoder is therefore not adding any more than 16ms (if it was more, it wouldn't be keeping up and therefore not doing 60fps - it could definitely be less, though). Blu-ray is 48mbit/s, but for 24fps (youtube 's 1080p is ~8mbit for comparison). Let's take that same 48mbit/s, but adjust for 60fps instead. 1 frame would therefore be 0.8 mbit, or 100KB. If your network can do 48mbit/s, your video latency would therefore be 16ms. If your network is faster, though, the latency drops proportionally. Even a cell phone can do 100mbit/s on wifi, which would be 8ms of latency. A gigabit network would transfer that 0.8mbit needed in about a millisecond. So your total latency of input, encoding, and transmission of the frame would be 32ms at most, and if you have a fast network & computer it could actually be down in the 5ms or less range. Web browsers let you hover over a link to query if it's clickable before clicking it. Also in this case the problem is if a site has some text that's blue & clickable, and some text that's blue & not clickable. That's more or less what iOS 7 is doing. Colored text doesn't mean it performs an action. It might, it might not. Similarly, black text might be clickable, it might not. It might have a border, it might not. And these are all mixed together in the same app, or even a single screen such as the case of the alarm that the article is talking about. > Everybody is now an expert Everybody is an expert in deciding what they don't like. It doesn't matter how much designer-speak bullshit you can spew, if the person using it doesn't like it or finds it too confusing, it failed. > How did we reach the point where we suspect a country's privacy regulator of engaging in a publicity stunt (why? what do they gain from publicity?) Are you new to the world? Or just hopelessly naive? It's called politics & lobbying. > Is it not possible that the answer could be the simplest one, Occam's Razor and all, that Google doesn't want to comply with French privacy law because it interferes with its business model? Occam's Razor doesn't apply here. It never applies to law, because law is not about simple, concise rules of logic. And second, it doesn't apply because your scenario doesn't make any fewer assumptions than other scenarios. It's possible that French law is right and Google is wrong. It's possible that Google is right and French law is wrong. It's possible that Google is right, French law is right, and the regulators are wrong. And really all of those are equally likely possibilities. It's part of a big song and dance. Google doesn't think it violated the law, the regulators think they did. Google is taking the entire amount of time they were given before responding with "no", and now the regulators are banging the pots and pans. This is how it always goes - regardless of guilt or innocence. > If they provide 'first-class' documentation for their partners to consume which has already been sanitized of NDA-restricted disclosures, maybe all they need to do is remove the 'CONFIDENTIAL' header. What partners? The only ones writing AMD GPU drivers is AMD, and internal documentation tends to universally be crap. No, bankruptcy would be if we default. Having debt != being bankrupt. > Google hasn't improved the language level beyond Java 6 grammar. That's because Oracle has been suing them over it. Dalvik hasn't changed in years thanks to that lawsuit. Google was steadily improving Dalvik right up until that lawsuit happened, then it came to a screeching halt. That's not a coincidence. And really, what Java 7 language level features were there that makes it problematic that Android still runs Java 6? The good stuff was dropped from 7 and pushed to 8. 7 is boring. Simplified IO is a library feature, not a language feature, and Android has its own IO stuff anyway. Diamond type inference is cute, but hardly important. You could do the same thing with a save macro in your IDE. Try with resources is about the only thing in that list that would be actually useful in Android. > Any Java library targeted for Java 7, even without the new language features, is also not usable in Android projects, because Dex cannot understand the new Java 7 bytecodes. So target Java 6 if you're making a library. Which is what people do anyway, because not everyone has immediately jumped to 7. And none of them will run on J2ME which Sun/Oracle never upgraded past 1.3 for Pete's sake. If not upgrading Java was worthy of a lawsuit, we should be class action'ing the hell out of Oracle for the crime against humanity that was J2ME. BlackBerry was also 1.3 right up until the end. Android right now is only using a version of Java that's ~1 year out of date. That's still a shitload better still than Sun ever managed to do on mobile. > Google is a corporation like any other. Cows go moo. Saying irrelevant facts is fun! You're on to something here I think. > Yet looking back the track record doesn't quite match. Well it does, kind of. I mean, during the space race itself and the cold war the US's space program had no in flight fatalities. The first NASA flight fatality wasn't until '86, a good 14 years after the Apollo program had ended. For what it's worth the Soviet's response to the Shuttle program was a failure. NASA remains the only one to get a partially re-usable orbiter into use. > But you know, that is also perhaps thing that should have factored in -- "If we launch 8 people at once, we will probably kill all of them if an accident happens". The Space Shuttle program already had a good 24 successful flights, 6 of which were in the Challenger, before the first fatal flight. It wasn't like they crammed in a bunch of people in an experimental ship for shits and giggles. The first set of shuttle flights only had a crew of 2. > but then decided it wasn't a very efficient space launch platform and stopped using it. No, they planned on using it again. But the Soviet Union stopped being a thing before that happened. And multiple times there has been interest in reviving Buran. > It is just that "shuttles" are just a bad idea to start with. Shuttles are a fantastic idea. Just because the implementation wasn't brilliant doesn't make the idea bad. Then again I'd strongly disagree with your claim that the Shuttle program was bad in the first place. It had a very successful and impressive 30 year carrier. The comparisons of the Shuttle vs. the Soyuz are bad in the first place as the two platforms are vastly different in lifting capability. The correct comparison would be the Shuttle vs. the Proton-M/K, and the Protons are far from reliable (Proton-M has had 8 failed launches since 2001). Without the Space Shuttle we wouldn't have the ISS for example. > Sounds like historically their design is just better. Better than what? The Saturn V is the only rocket that has propelled humans to the moon, and the entire Saturn family has zero deaths. And the Saturn V remains to this day the heaviest lifter mankind has created (NASA's SLS and China's Long March 9 are in development to surpass the Saturn V) > The Shuttle was so complicated that every flight was 'experimental'. One can leave testing phase after all fatal bugs are discovered and addressed, this never happened. So every time you fly in an airplane or drive your car do you call it an experimental vehicle? How about your house? Is it experimental, too? > This suggests that Samsung's Exynos 5 is extremely power-hungry or Chrome OS's power optimization is extremely bad. I'm betting it's Chrome OS. The Nexus 10 also runs the Exynos 5, same exact chip, yet it gets 9+ hours of web browsing battery life and does it with a 2560x1600 screen. > however it shouldn't be forgotten that this device isn't nearly indicative of any consumer Linux revolution. This either already happened (Android, TiVo, ChromeOS, SteamOS, etc...), or it's never, ever going to happen. Take your pick. Because Linux the kernel has very much already had its consumer revolution. "Linux" as in "GNU/Linux + X11 + Gnome/KDE/XFCE/Whatever" will never have a consumer revolution. It's just not going to happen, sorry. I enjoy that setup, but it's not going to get mass market appeal. Nexus 10 has a 22.75Wh battery, the HP Chromebook's is 30Wh. Chromebook has a bigger battery than the N10, not a smaller one. Probably also a factor in why the Chromebook tips the scales at 2.3lbs vs. the N10's 1.3lbs. > We have two countries that tried to build them and in the end it is still 60s tried and true technology that puts man in space. Some of those reasons are price, some politics. One country succeeded, and the other stopped being a country. In neither case did the idea fail. > Another way to put it, if the idea is so complicated that nobody got it to be implemented properly and no country is actively working on a new design, I say there is something with the idea. No, that's called learning from experience. There's nothing wrong with the idea. It's an idea still actively being explored by a variety of people as well, and the tech developed for the Shuttle programs lives on the SLS and Ares vehicles that NASA is replacing the Shuttle with. > one can also say well hypothetically if NASA had an equivalent program to Soyuz maybe they would have had more money in the pocket to build an even bigger and better ISS, or ISS would have been there a lot sooner. We can state with certainty that the ISS would have happened a lot LATER if all we had was Soyuz vehicles, if it would have happened at all. Soyuz lacks the capacity to build the ISS or to do space walk repairs. There's a reason Proton was used more than Soyuz was in the construction of the ISS. Soyuz is good for some things, building space stations, repairing satellites, or getting to the moon/mars are all not on that list. Also you do realize the Shuttle wasn't the only NASA vehicle, right? NASA does have Soyuz-class vehicles, such as the Atlas or the Delta (Atlas-Centaur alone has more flights than the Shuttle) "quick" is also an AOT compiler like the LLVM-based "portable", not a JIT. > The best thing we can hope for is that Google makes Android so anti-consumer, anti-developer and anti-hacker Except Google is doing the exact opposite. The Nexus 5 is the best off-contract phone out there hands down AND comes with an unlockable bootloader. Google made the N5 and other kitkat devices more secure out of the box with this change AND continues to let you go nuts with your own hardware, best of both worlds. It doesn't protect against root exploits, but it protects against data dumping with physical access. Hence why unlocking the bootloader forces a data wipe. It does not hurt users at all if there's an unlock, which all of Google's devices have. > Lets start from the beginning: the NSA "hack" became possible because Google (and its security team) made bad assumptions about the security of the connection between Google's data centers and did not encrypt the traffic. The assumption isn't bad - it's a private network line, not a public internet connection. Nobody else had access to that line, at least they weren't supposed to. Splicing a fiber line is a bit outside the scope of your random attacker. You can't blame Google for not anticipating a hostile break-in by the government. The discussion should absolutely, 100% be directed at the NSA here. To accept that a private network connection is open season for the government to tap is batshit insane. > Moreover, it is not clear if other governments or criminals also had access to the users' data (e.g. in Google's data centers located outside of the US). So far Google did not produce any public post-mortem thus we have no clue how bad was the problem. How is Google supposed to tell you if they themselves didn't know? Although from the leaks it sounds like everyone is fucked thanks to the GCHQ and the NSA getting friendly with each other. > Well, I feel that encrypting traffic inside the data center is not a bad idea (and we do it at WePay where I serve as CSO). Do you have your own data center building? And if you don't have your own data center buildings, how are you guarding against physical attacks? Because just saying "encryption" doesn't actually mean anything. Encryption isn't free, and at Google scale that can add up. Useless encryption is just wasted power > For example, I don't want our system administrators to have an easy way to look at the traffic: yes, it is still possible to do but it is harder and requires some very unusual actions that will trigger alerts everywhere. That can be accomplished in many ways that don't involve encryption. And your servers are all capable of decrypting the data at some point, so you still have to trust your sys admins and/or have alternative systems in place as they still have access to the unencrypted data. > A good security will have in-depth defense and built-in monitoring/audit measure that would at the very least allow you to determine what have happened post-factum. How, exactly, do you detect cable splicing? Much less audit said splicing? You seem to be asking for a hell of a lot more than "good security" There is no such thing as perfect security, only good enough security. At some point you have to accept risks, and the risk of physical network attacks is incredibly small compared to all the other attack vectors. Nobody was well prepared for the NSA's physical network attacks. No, what was discussed was the NSA tapping in at ISP points, not digging up cables to splice them. And "discussed" is not accurate. It was proposed by a few but rejected by most as paranoid. > So far I haven't seen any evidences that there was cable splicing. Thus using occam's razor I would assume that the hack was much simpler than that. What? The evidence totally points to cable splicing. What hack involves getting all the inter-DC packets but nothing else? Obviously the machines weren't compromised, or they wouldn't have cared about reverse-engineering the wire protocol. So what are you proposing was hacked? > I'll re-iterate that security should be built on defense-in-depth principle. Every single protection layer will fail or someone will go around it. The assumption that a data center is "safe" is a bad assumption period. You have to play "what-if" game and think for the attacker. And I'll re-iterate that you're asking for a goddamn magical pony. Side note, if your data center isn't safe go get a new one. Seriously. Most DCs have tons of security to make them safe . That's not an assumption. The goal was just to sniff the wifi APs MAC to pair it with a GPS location for wifi location lookups, not to store the entirety of the packet. Receiving a broadcast isn't illegal - you shove it out into the air, you lost all privacy rights on that broadcast legally speaking. You can debate the ethics of it, but it wasn't illegal. And Google did get penalized for it. Even a broken clock is right twice a day. The reality is that most people don't want a "full" PC. The PC certainly isn't going anywhere - desktops and laptops are here to stay for the foreseeable future. However, it's not a growing market. And that's perfectly OK. There's absolutely no performance difference whatsoever in normal usage. Really, none. Squat. Zilch. Zero. GPU performance and memory bandwidth are waaaaaaay more important than an extra 2 cores that'll be turned off 99% of the time anyway. All phones have a graphics chip, that doesn't mean it's a GOOD graphics chip. It also very much doesn't mean that it's fast enough for the screen resolution. In the case of your Photon it was also running Gingerbread which didn't have 2D hardware acceleration. Made especially worse by the fact that Tegra 2 doesn't have NEON, so the software painting was extra slow on that device AND it had a "high" resolution. It was a badly designed device from top to bottom. A quad core wouldn't have done a damn thing to help its pitiful performance (especially as there's still only a single UI thread doing the painting) So they have a web browser for the sole purpose of setting up an GLES context for their UI? On a video game console? I guess that's what you do when you suddenly have 8GB of RAM, you piss it away on useless shit... > When WebView on iOS and Android finally get WebGL support, native app development will plummet. WebGL just hands you a GLES context. Nobody writing 2D native apps deals directly with GL at all, and nobody wants to. WebGL will do squat to replace native app development as a result, it's completely unrelated. The only ones dealing with GL directly do so for performance, and they sure as hell aren't going to be tempted by HTML/CSS/JS because that's all anti-performance. The difference is the UI runs continuously and is RAM that a game cannot use. The web browser, by contrast, does not. It stops running when you leave it. Or it could, anyway, if it wasn't also being used as a GL container for the UI. They could still use JS and not use WebGL. WebGL is just GLES in a web browser. Slower than GLES running natively thanks to sandboxing overhead, for what it's worth. But I was more talking about the RAM overhead of using the browser just to create a window to render GLES into. You can easily achieve the same thing with EGL or SDL or whatever the PS4 natively provides to games. It's trivial to setup a GLES context. I never said anything about performance? I specifically mentioned RAM. Although it is pissing away performance because WebGL is slower than running GLES directly, thanks to the sanitation of the GLES shaders that the browser does. But this is still a proprietary, "junky" interface. If it's WebGL, it's still entirely custom, with entirely custom event handling, and entirely custom accessibility (or lack thereof), and entirely custom everything . If you are just using WebGL, which is what they said, then the browser is a massive chunk of dead weight that's doing jack shit. All the browser did is setup the EGL context, create a GLES context from that, and then handed it to you. This is basic hello world stuff, that's the entirety of the browser's involvement in this scenario. HTML5 and WebGL are two entirely different things. If anything this would be evidence that HTML5 isn't a suitable app platform, because even though they spin up a browser they decided to not use it and do everything with custom OpenGL ES instead. > You assume that they're keeping the home interface in memory (and wasting resources) when you're playing a game. Console has 8GB of RAM. Games are only guaranteed 4.5GB of that. You do the math. All those things are easily provided by libraries for every language with every API imaginable. The strength of a browser is HTML & CSS. And I called it dead weight because we're talking client-side offline UI here, so things like cookies and session management are irrelevant. But the dead weight is going to come from the bulk of the browser code that is HTML/CSS parsing, webkit/blink, the graphics model that's not being used, font support that's not being used, etc... Those things you list are all really small pieces. > if they decide not to do that, my money's on them creating half-assed proprietary browsers built around WebView All of the major OEMs have already done that. They've been shipping their own browsers built on top of webview for years now. The only devices that ever saw Google's/AOSP's Browser were Nexus devices and those running custom ROMs. Being limited to WebView isn't a problem anyway - that's all the old Browser used. It's "just" a UI on top of WebView. Just like the majority of browsers in the play store are "just" different UIs on top of WebView. Sort of. Chromium is actually the base for Chrome, and that's true for Android as well. However while Chromium on PC has more or less the complete browser UI, the Chromium for Android does not. All the hard stuff is there in Chromium for Android - blink, V8, graphics, webgl, etc... - but the UI isn't. In Android 4.4 the WebView sits on top of Chromium, so if an OEM really wanted they could continue to use their own browser skins that sit on top of WebView like they previously shipped and it will now magically use Chromium under the hood. So really there's no story here. The YouTube app that was being shipped in iOS previously was written by Apple, not Google. Google's YouTube app was never bundled with iOS. > It relies on an old fork of Webkit that has none of the features of the modern web, no GPU support, and a lot of outright bugs That's really not true. It's an old version of Webkit NOW , yes, but it wasn't when it was still being updated all the way up to Android 4.0. And it absolutely has GPU support - it's had GPU accelerated compositing for CSS 3D transforms, fixed position elements, and scrollable divs since 3.0. It had all that before Chrome did. In fact Chrome's GPU & rendering architecture today matches what Android Browser has had since 4.1. Chrome had to catch up to Android Browser in many respects. > I'm hoping all the OEMs build their own browsers off the Chromium WebView that ships in KitKat Chromium WebView is a requirement. Unless OEMs decide to start maintaining their own webkit forks (something they have not done so far), there will be nothing else but Chromium on Android from 4.4 onwards. FYI you can just go turn off the ad tracking stuff: www.google.com/ads/preferences Good thing Google didn't do that. The blog author says right up front he agreed to the new terms. And they didn't sign him up for anything, they upgraded his account. Still a single account, still with a single company, still with the same cost, still with the same privacy policy, still with the same everything - except it does more, now, if he so chooses to use the extra features. 4K is totally doable with a single GPU if you drop to using medium/high instead of very high/ultra quality settings for even the most demanding of games: http://hardocp.com/article/2013/11/11/geforce_gtx_780_ti_vs_... For the majority of games 4K won't pose an issue whatsoever with a modern high end video card. No, they both had 24 FPS minimum at medium settings. Minimum really isn't all that interesting, though. A single low spike won't ruin a gameplay session. The average FPS was 42, the low spikes were few and far between. It's absolutely playable - that's the entire basis for which the settings were picked btw. Unigine is not a game and it does not in any way reflect real world game performance. The Heaven benchmark has proven time and time again to be entirely irrelevant, due in no small part to it's insane usage of tessellation. You are a bit mistaken on the price differences. The 16GB iPod Touch is $230. The 16GB Moto G is $200 and the 16GB Nexus 5 is $350. The $300 iPod Touch is 32GB, which is $100 less than the equivalent storage size N5 (and there stops being a Moto G at this point). So if you have an extra $100 you could get an N5 instead of an iPod Touch - or you could spend that extra $100 to get a 64GB iPod touch. Actually in this case it would work fine. The Seiki's panel is actually 120hz, the 30hz limit is on the input side. Send it a 24hz HDMI signal and it can easily match that up to the panel's actual 120hz refresh rate by simply showing each input frame for 5 panel refreshes instead of the 4 refreshes it displays the 30hz input at. The Seiki can also take 1080p input at 60hz, which would be a reasonable fallback for gaming. Run 4k 30hz for desktop usage, and 1080p 60hz for gaming. YouTube is 30fps, so it should match up with vsync nicely. The MTK SoC in those phones doesn't have remotely enough power to adequately drive 1920x1080, THAT is the huge problem with those devices. If you take any of those phones and swap it out with a 720p screen the device would actually become much, much better. > default android phone sends your location to google, as well as your contacts, app list, app usage, calendars, todo list and some other things. By default it does none of those things. You have to hit "yes" to enable the location reporting which defaults to off but which you are asked to enable the first time you add a Google account. The rest isn't done at all unless you are using the Google services to sync that data. Which is only an option if you've added a Google account. Sure, it's not that hard. Sideload Amazon Store or F-Droid to get your non-Google app store fix, and the rest is pretty straightforward. Linux went mainstream ages ago. First with TiVo, now with Android. GNU/Linux + X11 + Gnome/KDE never went anywhere near mainstream, perhaps, but Linux sure as hell did. > Selling eyeballs -- or information on how to get more eyeballs -- is what they do. Selling eyeballs: yes. Selling information: oh good lord no, so very, very no. That information is never ever leaving Google's servers. No, EFF is simply wrong. The feature was never released, and instead of posting a "we screwed up" retraction EFF is now trying to shift blame. > If you put software into the wild - you have released it. Even by that definition Google never released it. You needed a 3rd party app to access the feature, Google's software alone was not enough. Google didn't fail here, they flat out never released it. Or perhaps you could argue that they failed by not releasing it (or something similar), but that's different story. You don't have to rely on "good will". Even if you are super pessimistic "companies only want money", Google will never sell or give up that data to other companies. That data is literally Google's lifeblood. That data is why companies use AdSense to advertise with instead of Bing Ads. That data is Google's competitive edge. Even the evilest of companies isn't going to sell off its competitive edge, that's just idiotic. Also you are wrong, Google is not a marketing company. Google is a middle man company. Google matches marketers to consumers. THAT is Google's business. Google is paid to be a match maker, nothing more. > San Francisco is the most sympathetic and helpful city on the planet for homeless people. Bwahahaha, no, no it isn't. Not even close. There's a huge lack of shelters, housing, food, etc... The problem with SF is that the entire city is stupid expensive, and nobody wants to spend huge amounts of money to build and run the shelters necessary. Apple grew those industries they did not create them. Important, yes, but also by a large a safer role. An unlocked bootloader is better than a rooted device. If you have root but not an unlocked bootloader, you are unable to get full custom ROMs (meaning kernel and such, not just userspace), full control of your device, etc... But with an unlocked bootloader, you just flash your way to root. Or to a full custom ROM. Or to whatever the hell you want. Yes, but Google also turns a blind eye to that, and by and large CM and other custom ROMs stay compatible anyway. Google could, however, start cracking down if custom ROMs started causing problems. The CTS tests is the suite that ensures that all versions of Android at the same API level behave the same as far as a developer is concerned. It verifies that the public APIs do what they are documented to do. Big government has nothing to do with this. The protesters themselves are the problem. Not because of their current protests, but because of their previous protests against more housing. The government has tried, many times, to zone and build more dense housing which would have prevented this problem. The people of SF have been organizing and protesting every step of the way against that for the last 15 years. Hell, even today they are protesting the increase in housing costs while simultaneously protesting against increased housing. Android is free AND has widespread driver support from SoC vendors. Firefox OS uses more hardware resources to achieve the same tasks and has less vendor support. In fact, what little driver support it currently has from vendors comes from the fact that it's actually sitting on top of Android (a fact that's often ignored). Which one is low-cost again? > I particularly would like a mobile OS that isn't tied to an advertising company (Google) and isn't a black box (iPhone). http://source.android.com/ http://www.cyanogenmod.org/ Plenty of choices of Android builds that have no closed-source Google code whatsoever. > I don't even have full comfort over everything running on my Android device. I have no way of knowing which companies can access the data on that device and the ways with which they can access it. That has nothing whatsoever to do with the OS. You think just because it's Firefox OS suddenly OEMs are going to open source their drivers, ship unlocked bootloaders, etc...? If so, I've got a bridge to sell you. > I mean that Firefox phones are generally going to cost less (in terms of money) than Android ones. I know what you meant, I was pointing out you were wrong. If the device costs more to an OEM to make (which Firefox OS does), then it's going to cost the user more to purchase. This is basic stuff here... > As a plus, you don't have to tie your phone to any company's services (Google, Apple, etc). Android isn't tied to any company's services. > Let's drop the dramatic fanboyism, hmm? Er, right back at you? > "Small size" -- cry me a river. Yes, byte size is important but it's not more important than code reuse and all the benefits that come with it I would disagree with this within reason. Code reuse affects YOU the developer. Byte size, however, affects your USERS . Things that impact your users are far more important than things that affect your development zen. Obviously the two are not entirely independent and a balance must be reached, but the user is the important person here, not the developer. > All they say is we have changed our terms and conditions and don't even ask or care about whether we accept or not. Well, in that scenario you can always change to a different thermostat... > Having motion sensor that sense your presence and having that data on someone's server is always scary. Is Google more scary than Nest? You signed up for that data to live on someone's server when you bought a Nest, the only difference now is that it's Google's servers instead of a small startup's. That's the entire selling point of the Nest, the online smart connectedness thingy. Remote control & machine learning to avoid spending 30 seconds programming a thermostat. The Linux OOM killer (used heavily by Android as part of normal operation) does a SIGKILL. I believe iOS does this as well. So pretty sure this is totally fine and not a problem in the slightest, seeing as some billion devices or so are doing this on a daily basis. > All your file writes should be atomic (either SQLite/CoreData or using the atomic write methods in CoreFoundation and Objective-C) or you must be able to detect and delete partially files and recover in-situ. You should be doing that regardless, there's nothing special about SIGKILL in this regard. Dirty pages will still get flushed to disk, so SIGKILL is safer than, say, sudden power loss. Which isn't exactly unheard of on battery powered devices, after all. Then don't use mysqld as it's obviously broken. Even SQLite doesn't have that problem. Process is considered killable after onPause, there's no requirement that onStop is called. And, in practice, onStop/onDestroy are rarely called outside of an activity calling finish() on itself. But that call only gives that activity a chance to save state, not the process as a whole. You don't run around stopping all your services and such in onPause(). There is no SIGTERM equivalent where you can go around doing actual cleanup work for the entire process. As for Services you'll note it's considered killable at any given point, there's largely no guarantees other than it won't be killed in the middle of executing code in onStart/onStop. But during the bulk of its actual work it's totally up for random killing. And fwiw foreground processes are totally considered killable. They are the last in the queue, yes, but they are still in the queue. The state save is important in terms of being able to rebuild the UI quickly. It's not important in the context of "heavy" resources like files, sockets, etc... None of those are ever cleaned up in onPause. The worst thing that will happen if you SIGKILL an Android app without calling onPause first is that the next time it's launched it won't resume from where you left off, it will be as if you rebooted the device. Also to be clear the onPause and SIGKILL are not tied together. You could get an onPause and it be minutes or hours or even days before you get SIGKILL'd, during which you are completely free to keep running code in the background. And depending on how your process was started there might not even have been an Activity to be onPause'd in the first place. Consider an app that started doing work in response to a broadcast or content provider query. This is just Cordova with Chrome App APIs. It doesn't run on top of Chrome or anything like that. So the only difference is you can now have API compatibility between your real Chrome App, and your "fake" Cordova-powered "Chrome App" > Also, by your definition, Android and Slackware Linux are the same "Operating System" because they share the same kernel and drivers. Well, no, they don't. Android still uses a slightly modified Linux kernel, and there is zero overlap in the drivers. Also they have fundamentally different approaches to task & memory management at the kernel level. Pedantics aside it's clear that Avatar is not an OS, not even with the most generous and broad definition. At least not with what little they've said so far. Because what they have so far in their diagrams and minimal technical info is yet another JavaScript framework paired with yet another set of web services around user authentication. Nope. You can boot Android using a mainline kernel, but there's a lot of stuff that's missing/broken. Like power management. The Android Mainlining project continues to trudge onward, it's not complete. There's a decent chunk of stuff sitting in staging as well that hasn't been accepted by mainline, but still more that hasn't even gotten to staging. There's also a few things where mainline rejected Google's version and provided an alternative, but Android was never changed to use the new thing (Alarms/Timers fall into this case) I'm confused, is this a circlejerk joke or is he actually serious? Chromecast has the really nice advantage of the fact that when friends or family visit they can cast THEIR content to your TV without needing to sign in to your STB. > Maybe once in a blue moon a company with P/E of 500 is justified because they MAY be the next Google or Apple or Microsoft Well, in this case a P/E of 500 would already be a massive improvement. Twitter currently has a negative EPS (aka, no profits at all), so it doesn't even HAVE a P/E. > I wonder if this bubble will deflate slowly or crash and burn like it did back in early 2000s. Crash, probably, but not like in the early 2000s. The key difference now is that the internet is established and has multiple viable business models. Netflix has a P/E of 200, it wouldn't be surprising to see its stock price plummet from $400 to $40 (where it would then have a more sustainable ~20 P/E). But that won't change that the company is actually making money and has a profitable business model. However that doesn't help the various startups and such that don't have viable business models, like Twitter which just keeps bleeding money with no sign of stopping. Uh, no, that's not true at all. Chromecast works with Netflix, Pandora, etc... None of which are part of the "Google ecosystem". And you can cast from just about every device. > Unintended accleration was demonstrated to be a result that could happen on a fault occurance. Where was that demonstrated? It was hypothesized that it may be a result, but I'm not seeing anything other than speculation. > I think the most important detail is that he slammed on the brakes and the car continued to accelerate. Cars with a computer controlled accelerator should be able to stop accelerating if the brake pedal is pushed. Actually this points to his story being incorrect. If he slammed on the brakes and the car continued to accelerate than he probably slammed on the gas by accident instead. Testing shows that if you slam on the brakes while the engine is pegged at full throttle, you'll still come to a screeching halt. The brake system vastly overpowers the engine even in high powered cars. In a Camry V6 it actually takes just 16 feet further to stop from 70mph with the throttle wide open at 190ft vs. 174ft. And the brake system is not drive-by-wire like the throttle is, so it's not susceptible to faulty ECU problems. How do you figure? Mechanical failures like that are no better than ECU-based failures. Indeed, doesn't matter how old the car is, the software in the ECU isn't going to develop new bugs over time. But mechanical pieces fail over time, as your story demonstrates. ABS is an independent pump. It can fail and you'll still be able to slam on the brakes. Also hitting the wrong pedal is not exactly uncommon. People don't like to admit they just made a mistake, hence claims of "unintended acceleration". But just like the claims against Audi back in the day, the modern claims against Toyota appear to be unsubstantiated. You might want to actually take a look at some of those recalls, they're pretty bogus (like the whole "bring it in so we can adjust the floor mats" thing). And yes, I do believe Toyota did the recall as a PR effort. Take a look at what Audi did instead. They, correctly, stated there was nothing wrong with the cars and they took an insane PR hit and sales plummeted. There continues to be no actual evidence of unintended acceleration in Toyota vehicles. And I don't think HNers are somehow less likely to hit the wrong pedal or refuse to admit it. There's always that possibility that they don't even know they hit the wrong pedal. Looking at Nokia's dev docs: http://developer.nokia.com/nokia-x/platform-overview It looks like the "three APIs" are not Android APIs, but rather Google Play Services APIs. Specifically push notifications, maps, and in-app payments. Bay Trail-M means "mobile" as in "laptop", not "mobile" as in "smartphone". Intel's smartphone stuff all still using PowerVR, including the upcoming Merrifield which will be using the PowerVR G64x0. So... version 1.0 is basically a shell script that calls libjpeg-turbo followed by jpgcrush? So why wasn't this upstreamed to libjpeg-turbo? Why fork at all? libjpeg-turbo is still an actively maintained project after all... Holy shit, the SAME AES key is used for everyone? Good god WhatsApp, what the fuck are you doing? Storing the key is easy, you put it in your app's private data folder. Which is where the database should have just been stored in the first place, and not on the public SD card. You could also have a user-supplied passphrase with email recovery. Or any of a dozen other best practices that exist. This isn't exactly a new problem, there are plenty of solutions that are far superior to rot13 (which is basically all this is) > the insecure /sdcard partition is the place where most of the storage is in nearly all Android phones. /sdcard and /data are on the same partition these days, you should just be using the app's private folder if the data is sensitive in the slightest. Which in this case it clearly is, and it's not even large data. > Google should have figured out how to let applications sandbox data on the SD It's called put your data in /data. You get a private app data folder by default . /sdcard and /data are both internal storage on the majority of phones, neither points at a physical sd card slot. And seriously, who wants their messages stored on /sdcard anyway? You pop out the sdcard and all your text messages vanish? What kind of brain dead decision is that? No, on Samsung & other SD-card-equipped phones /sdcard points to internal storage and there's some other path, like /sdcard2, that points at the actual SD card. The architect involved in the article has nothing to do with the "he" you are referring to. The are entirely independent people. And you were born on the same planet as Hitler, as such you are responsible for the death of millions of Jews. After all, you failed to stop Hitler and as such you inderectly caused it. By your own admission people should be judged on their indirect actions as well, so you should probably go turn yourself in for your hate crimes. Psst, Android is open source. So if you want everything open source, Android-powered car infotainment should make you very happy. > do we know anything about googles behavior with law enforcement wrt gmail? Yes, quite a bit: https://www.google.com/transparencyreport/ But the problem in this scenario is law enforcement wasn't involved. I'm unaware of any other email hosting company doing this so far. Not to say they haven't, just it hasn't surfaced. > To say that Microsoft accessing one account based on evidence in order to gather more evidence for a civil suit - with explicit permission granted by the user during signup - is equivalent to Google's behavior is just blatantly wrong. You are correct that the comparison is blatantly wrong. What Microsoft did is evil and a massive, massive violation of privacy and trust. What Google does can't even be classified as evil. Arguably it's creepy, but that's about the extent of it, and they have been clear about it from the start. And bullshit on the "explicit permission" part. No where did anybody get a clear "you grant Microsoft the right to read your email whenever they bloody well want to if it suits an internal investigation with zero oversight" checkbox. > Google's ad mechanism reads all emails sent and received by all gmail users This is incorrect, as the word "read" requires some amount of comprehension. The automatic indexing algorithm has no comprehension of what it is scanning, ergo there is no "reading" going on. > If you promise not to do content-based targeted advertising (as Microsoft claims), you have no interest to collect as much data from a user as possible. False. Microsoft is still hoovering up every scrap of data they can get. They'd be stupid not to, as data is insanely powerful. You don't need much data at all to do targetted advertising, by the way. Seriously, Google uses at most 1% of the data it gets from you for ad-related reasons, if that. No, Google's obsession with data is because data is tremendously powerful at building better products. Microsoft is just shooting themselves in the foot if they aren't doing the exact same thing. Besides, if you don't want targetted advertising just go turn it off: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/ You risk jail time stealing code from any company. The penalty here was disproportionate to the crime, sure, but Serge clearly took code owned by GS and uploaded it, without permission, to a 3rd party. Pretty cut and dry case of corporate theft here... [1] The Android code for that test is messed up, and suffers from a race condition and isn't tied to vsync like a normal Android app is. There's a pull request on their github page to fix it, but they haven't accepted it. Regardless, this is a hardware thing not a software one. Apple uses very, very good touch screens. The Nexus 5 also has a really good touch screen, with total touch-to-display latency in the 60ms range. [4] is total horseshit. He doesn't know squat about any of the platforms. iOS devs also called him out for getting just about everything wrong about how iOS works. [5] is something iOS devs totally also have to do as well. That is so not an Android-specific thing. > I wonder if Google made a mistake by not choosing native code for Android apps. Seeing as Android runs on a lot more than just ARMv7, no, they didn't appear to make a mistake here at all. Apple can tell developers to compile their app twice for ARMv7 w/ NEON & ARMv8-A64, but is Google going to go tell everyone to compile for ARMv6 (Android devices running this are still shipping), ARMv7 w/o NEON, ARMv7 w/ NEON, ARMv8 (not here yet on Android, but obviously coming), MIPS, X86, etc...? > We have heard forever about Java (and other run-times) getting close to C in performance, but outside of specific test cases native code still runs circles around everything else out there. The vast majority of the Java code in an Android app isn't performance-critical either. The code that actually renders an app is all in native anyway. The code to handle touch events and such isn't, but the difference between .1ms and .2ms isn't going to break the 16ms bank either. That's just stupid. If Google wants to replace Verizon/ATT it will have fuck all to do with advertising. It will be for the revenue from users handing them a handful of cash every month. Companies typically want to diversify how they make money, and this is very obviously something Google desperately wants given that pretty much all their new businesses are around NEW revenue streams and not advertising. Why would you want F@H in a browser instead of as an app? Just because you aren't the customer doesn't mean you are the product. Google's customers are BOTH end users AND carriers. You do realize the person you quoted isn't a Google employee or someone working on Android at all, right? That was just from some random joe schmoe. Nobody from @android.com or @google.com has commented on the bug at all. And you do still have control, you are free to compile AOSP for a handful of supported devices directly, and you are free to use CM or whatever. Well, except CM has this bug/feature, too. > This price point was so impressive for the html5 capabilities that it had. No, it isn't. The price is standard, or even high, for the hardware it has. And the hardware is pretty crap (hence why the performance was also crap). All phones have equal HTML5 capabilities, the difference is what you can do while getting good performance. And the answer to that on the ZTE Open was "not a damn thing", because it never had good performance. Well the author also contradicts themselves. For example, this complaint: > Drivers should not crash the GPU or CPU, or lock up when called in undefined ways via the API runs directly counter to this complaint: > They will not bother to re-write their entire rendering pipeline to use super-aggressive batching, etc. like the GL community has been recently recommending to get perf up. Error checking = higher per call overhead = slower performance. If you think there should be a way to turn on a sort of safe-mode or something where the driver holds your hand that sounds reasonable, except for this: > I've seen major shipped GL apps with per-frame GL errors. (Is this normal? Does the developer even know?) In other words, the error checking the driver does to is largely ignored. Adding additional error checking at the cost of performance? That won't help at all. Opera and Firefox both support Android 2.3. So no, your HTML5 capabilities are not limited. You also aren't limited to Android 2.3 in $80 phones anyway. Most of the cheap, Chinese imports come with newer versions of Android anyway. The question is very important because it's claiming Android app compatibility. What API level it's running is therefore critical information to any developer. Fire OS tends to be more a "skin" than a fork anyway, it's similar to TouchWiz or Sense. The core framework, services, and runtime are all Android. The SDK docs say targetSdkVersion=17, so JellyBean-MR1 (Android 4.2) Mapping and push notifications are both Google Play Services APIs, not Android APIs. So it's not that Amazon forked the APIs as much as the app that implemented those not-platform APIs isn't installed. We force kids to learn math even if they have no interest in it. Same with history, chemistry, biology, etc... Forcing them to learn an intro to something is very different from forcing them into a career about that something. They don't know whether or not they like it if they've never tried it. This seems to be a campaign to get young girls to try it, nothing more. You very, very rarely have to use the Tag property to make a list. You either use Tag as a View-cache system (the View Holder Pattern, which is total overkill these days), or because your data object model is broke as hell (aka, you suck at object design). Everyone else just uses CursorAdapter which is easy to use and ties in nicely with things like Loaders and ContentProviders. Hogwash. If you are talking about SOURCE portability, Java runs in just as many places as C code, including in the embedded world. If you are talking about BINARY portability (which is what everyone was actually talking about), then native code isn't portable for shit, whereas Dalvik code happily runs on multiple flavors of ARM, MIPS, and x86 with official or partially-official support. Unless you are proposing that Android adopts a Goobuntu design of "compile everything from source", then the portability of native code source is utterly irrelevant. And if you are proposing that, you are hopelessly naive. Not to mention you must really, really hate having battery life if you want to spend over an hour compiling & installing, say, Firefox. > That is their top priority — they assuredly do not have your best interests at heart. Choo Choo! Here comes the BULLSHIT TRAIN. All aboard! For what it's worth I'm pretty sure the change was you, not Google. Google's business model hasn't changed. They are still an ad reseller, just like they always have been. They still don't sell your data, just like they never have. Automatic account merging still doesn't happen, just like it never did. Google didn't link your friends accounts together, your friend did. And if you for some reason really, really want a different account for youtube and gmail, Google is perfectly happy with you doing exactly that. And there's somewhat reasonable multi-user support to help you do exactly that. And chrome's multi-profile support allows for even stronger walls between accounts. In the particular case of youtube they even let you use a different identity for youtube from the rest of Google, your "gangstakilla999" friend just didn't choose that option when asked when he was merging accounts. A study like this one? That found that illegal downloading INCREASED sales, not decreased? http://musicfeeds.com.au/news/study-confirms-illegal-downloa... > I like google, but your point that "different account for youtube and gmail, Google is perfectly happy with you doing exactly that" is false. I have way more than 1 Google account, and I've had no issues with it at all. What evidence do you have to support your claim that Google is not happy with people having multiple accounts? Because the variety of ways Google helps you have multiple accounts is pretty strong evidence they are OK with this. > Google did make a significant effort to require real names on Google+ (and by extension youtube / gmail). Your "by extension" is false. YouTube never had the real names push like G+/gmail did. My account with a real name has always and continues to show a completely different pseudonym on YouTube, which was one of the options Google provided. > Android sensors and graphics pipelines have very poor latency. I'm not familiar with the sensors latency but the graphics pipeline certainly doesn't have "very poor latency". If you aren't dropping frames the app is just running in double buffering. Android then adds a single extra frame of latency as it doesn't "race the beam" so to speak, so the grand total latency added by the system in the graphics pipeline is 16ms. Aka, pretty damn good. I haven't seen any data whatsoever one way or another about sensors, so got a source on that? I've seen much about touch latency, but that's the hardware not Android (and on a Nexus 5 the touch latency clocks in at about 20ms - closer to fan-fucking-tastic than "very poor") Seeing as nobody has a VR system with lower than 16ms latency, we honestly truly don't have any idea what lower than 16ms even feels like, much less are in any position to assert that 16ms is "way too long". Not necessarily. They could start by rolling in the changes from LibReSSL. This is exactly what happened to GCC back in the day. GCC development stalled, EGCS forked it, and eventually FSF declared EGCS as the official GCC thereby re-uniting the two projects. Wouldn't be entirely surprising to see something similar happen here. It wasn't all open source code. The guy's still a dumbass for taking company property. The punishment may have exceeded the crime, but he still committed a crime. Easy. Remove the special exception the EU randomly added to Google and Google only. Laws that are specific to a single company are obviously bullshit. Then we just end up back in the previous situation where you had to get the site that posted the content to remove it, which had a fairly well defined set of requirements. And tada! Just like that there's no problem anymore. It's what the law requires. GitHub, YouTube, etc... don't have a choice in the matter. They are required to take down the content until they receive a formal counter-notice from the recevier of the takedown.