Is the Intel Compiler even appreciably faster these days? I thought CLang and GCC had basically caught up... Is the Intel Compiler even appreciably faster these days? I thought CLang and GCC had basically caught up... That's what I was thinking; wouldn't Firefox be basically in userspace, and therefore not be much faster using an Intel compiler? I find that after I discovered tmux, I was able to use the command line full-time much more easily. Now everything I do is command-line-unix-ey, from my coding (with Emacs) to my web browser (Elinks). It's kind of a pain in the butt to learn, but I feel that it helps me stay focused on my work; there are a lot less distractions in the command-line world. I'll agree there, but I feel that that is a fixable problem overall; if I knew anything about ncurses I'd fix it myself :D. I still think using Elinks of w3m creates a more streamlined experience if your end goal is getting work done. It's weird, I always kind of wondered why Erlang gets left out of the FP discussions. It's not as dogmatic as Haskell or something, but functional-ness is kind of its bread and butter. If you take a language like Haskell, you can utilize an FRP framework like Netwire to write pure-ish code whilst having reactive things. I'm currently writing an ncurses application that does exactly that. Your link is broken; I don't think they use SSL. I don't really want to make a comment about the reasons "why", but I do want to say RIP Ian. I love Debian and it's derivatives. CrunchBang was the first distro I used for more than two days. I agree with the first point there. I was pretty excited to try an "open source version of sublime text", but the performance was so terrible I ended up just sticking with Vim. I know people are trying to back away from the console-ui editors, but you cannot deny that,performance wise, it's tough to beat Vim or Emacs. I don't know that I fully agree; I leave my Vim instance open for literally days at a time in a tmux session, which works somewhat as my "IDE". Much as I've heard I'm only supposed to do this with "real" IDE's, I have yet to really notice a single drawback. Does Excel count as a programming environment? If it does, I'd like to see if that outranks JS (my guess is that it does). I'd go one step further and even say it's arguably the most popular Reactive languages as well. It kind of feels like the author was just looking for reasons to be offended. This comment didn't really seem that offensive at all. Did nothing interesting happen in the tech world today? This is such a non-story, it's really weird that this is on the front-page twice. What the hell? This story has made the front page of HN three times now. Even if it were a "real", important story, hasn't it been thoroughly covered? If a web developer gets frustrated by having to support Internet Explorer 8, is that offensive? "How dare you! You're punching down at people who are stuck with Windows XP!" The internet is very good at being offended by everything. My point is that no one has this outrage machine when web developers whine about Internet Explorer, even though plenty of people are stuck using it for financial reasons, just like people who are stuck with five-year-old computers, and as a developer, I actually do find it frustrating when I have to support older hardware. I'll admit the choice of the word "sad" might have been poor, but it's hardly worth getting offended over. Plenty of companies cannot upgrade away from IE because the cost would be too high. I worked at a company that only worked with IE7 at one point. Sure, I could have said "just use Firefox" or "just use Chrome...It's free!", but that wasn't really an option. Now, granted, I'm aware that a company is not the same as a person, but it was just a dumb example I used to kind of point out that getting offended because Apple "punched down" is kind of arbitrary. Their web app broke when using anything but Internet Explorer 7, and they couldn't afford to upgrade it to modern web standards (they actually did get an estimate to do exactly that), so no, they didn't have a choice, really. I'm done with this topic; be as offended as you want. I'm actually kind of happy about this. While I don't personally use Atom at all, I think it's good that an open source editor is getting extremely popular. Much as I like Sublime Text, the fact that it's proprietary has prevented me from using it. I like Atom, but what's kept me with Vim is slight performance hit that you seem to have with Atom. I'm sure this will get ironed out more, and maybe it has been in later iterations. Have you managed to get good performance out of it? I always thought it was weird that it wasn't always publicly available. I'm ok with allocating taxdollars to funding new research, but I think that if my taxdollars go to something, I should have access to it. I can see where there should be exceptions like in cases of national security or maybe if minors are involved, but otherwise I think public stuff should actually be public. Is that true?! I think I might have a few new desktop backgrounds coming up... It totally makes sense. I kind of thought the whole point of public research was so that everyone could benefit. Much as I like Npm, I do kind of have to wonder if all this stuff is a consequence of having a centralized package manager. I personally prefer the Go solution of just specifying a Git repo. I actually tend to fork my dependencies to my own account. I never said it was a package manager, but it is a way of getting dependencies in an uncentralized way. I've been running Linux full-time for since 2013, but then again, I don't play games, so everything that I use actually is on Linux. Unless you don't have 30 spare gigs of storage space... Sure, I'll agree we can't have a completely open-door policy for everything because that would be chaos, but for stuff that's easy to make copies of I think we should. So to go with your example, I agree we don't all get to ride in spaceships (much as I'd like to), but I do think that it's not unreasonable to request the rocket designs and published papers that came out of NASA when they were building these rockets. I was just being cheeky, honestly, but that price doesn't scale linearly, at least not on a laptop. A 512gb SSD might have a higher cost-per-GB than a 256GB SSD. I don't run Windows and consequently haven't used VS in any kind of intimate detail, I'm sure it's great if you like dealing with IDEs. I feel more productive with Vim, tmux, GHCI, and GraspJS for doing of my web development. That might be true; I had a slightly tainted image of VS when I had to use it three years ago, and after everything I needed was installed, I only had like a gig left (this was on a weak, underpowered netbook, admittedly). In retrospect it's not entirely VS's fault, though I just found it amusing how quickly it ate through my storage when Vim only takes like 90 megs. I don't live in Silicon Valley, but I've found that the "requirement" for a degree is more of a suggestion than law. I don't have a degree, and I still usually apply to jobs that have that requirement. I don't always get an interview, of course, but I get them often enough to where I kind of feel like they're on the description as a formality more than anything. I use tmux as my primary "IDE" for everything. I personally use the backtiick (`) as my prefix, because ctrl-B conflicted with Emacs. Now I use vim for everything, but I still use the same prefix because I've gotten used to it. If you're stuck using someone else's computer, you can always pass through the prefix by hitting it twice...For example, if I ever need a backtick, I can just tap it two times. https://github.com/Tombert/dotfiles/blob/master/tmux/.tmux.c... I actually like the default bindings for both, but yes, everyone in the community seems to have a slightly fragmented opinion of them :D. I'm a goober and have never once used the leader key...I guess I'm a bit of a noob. I guess I can see this being an issue, but as someone who generally has a pretty "green" contribution chart, I find people look more at how many stars I have more than anything. This was why I thought the Chevy Volt had the right idea; having a gas-tank there as a backup, but depend on electricity 95% of the time. But, in my opinion, the best thing to do is to move to a big city and use the trains, or campaign for a good train system in your city, which obviously can't work for everyone. I'm pretty sure that the trains are "competing" pretty well with cars in New York, despite a lacking the features you metioned, considering that there are actually less households that own cars there than households that do. But generally speaking, I agree. To convince the average person of a public transit/driverless/generic-alternative-to-driving, privacy and end-to-end-ey-ness is probably important. I don't know the right solution to the HTML5 DRM thing. I hate DRM, I don't really support its use, but I also use Linux full-time. Without the HTML5 DRM, I don't think I'd be able to watch Netflix on my laptop, without some Wine wrapper, and really, is that much better? I don't see the studios signing off on Netflix without the use of DRM, and since Silverlight doesn't work on Linux, I selfishly don't have a problem with HTML5 DRM...most of the time. That said, ethical-me totes does have a problem with DRM being part of the otherwise-open web. Relying on stuff that I can can't break sort of makes my inner-Stallman sad. I'll admit that I know almost nothing about the ways DRM works, but my gut tells me that JS would be too slow to implement anything too robust. If DRM is anything like crypto, wouldn't it require something relatively CPU-heavy? That said, I didn't know the cross-platform thing was optional, and I agree that when I buy something, it should be DRM free. If it has to phone-home, then I don't own it, and things like Darkspore prove it can be stolen from me be the company. While I think DRM is largely a load of BS, it has been implemented with some efficacy (see: Darkspore), which has still not been cracked. So I do think the intention is to reduce piracy....Whether or not that's effective is a philosophical discussion. I haven't used ed, but I'm inclined to agree. People still make fun of me for living in the terminal. I'm not asking this to be critical, I'm asking because I'm genuinely confused; how is this any more authenticated than just a password? Presumably anyone with your Github password can go add or change your GPG keys if they wanted, so how would it make you any more verified? This is the frustration I have with "cloud" devices, and why I try to avoid using them. Sure, they're convenient as all hell, but if it points to a webservice that I don't/can't control, it inherently has a shelf-life. The issue is that while I totally could figure out how to set up a self-hosted home-automation thing, I'm not sure that the average non-technical user could, which means these cloud-devices are here to stay. I don't like Facebook, nor do I have an account, but I disagree somewhat with them not being a "real technology company". Facebook hired Simon Marlow, one of the creators of Haskell, and publishes a lot of research and open-source projects. Cassandra DB, HHVM, React, React-Native and Hack are just a couple examples. They write blog posts about what scales and what does not, and employ a number of post-grad researchers. How are they not a "real" technology company? The problem I have with Google tech, especially after the new Nest stuff has to come to light, is that there's no guarantee they'll support it for very long. It's entirely possible that I'll incorporate this into my workflow, just for Google to kill it off a year later. If Revolv had actually gone bankrupt I'm not sure people would be nearly as mad as they are. The fact is that Google is worth tons of money, and has access to a ton of hosting infrastructure. Is Google (or Alphabet, really) arguing that they can't spin up a single cloud-computer-engine-thing and run Revolv? That's the dilemma I have: I'm finding that I'm hesitant to get behind "cloud" services, especially free ones, because I can't know how long they're going to be around. Which really annoys me, because they're convenient as hell, especially for non-technical users. Sure, I could run a server in my apartment and get a self-hosted thing and whatnot, but I can't expect my parents to. TL;DR, I don't know the right answer to when we should use cloud services. I actually version control my config files ( https://github.com/tombert/dotfiles ) after reading this tutorial: http://brandon.invergo.net/news/2012-05-26-using-gnu-stow-to... Obviously you should change that to git instead of CVS. You know, even if Erlang didn't have great SMP scaling, or wonderful distributed properties, I think its fault-tolerant, actor-model-ey nature would make it wonderful anyway. The fact that you program expecting failures, and forced isolation of everything allows for incredibly "sturdy" code. The other features are fantastic, but they're just gravy as far as I'm concerned. Nah, Golang is wonderful and I use it for a lot of stuff, but it's sort of a different thing than Erlang. Go is more of a systems-ish language that has an emphasis on concurrency, but also on being relatively C-like. It's much more general-purpose than Erlang. Erlang is more about fault-tolerant, concurrent applications, and more specifically servers. It's not designed to be especially fast, it's designed to make it very simple to write systems with a ton of throughput, that can handle outages, and perform passably in the process. They're different things, and the only thing they have in common is that they both advertise concurrency, really. It depends on your location, I think. Here in New York, it's not too hard to find Erlang enthusiasts, particularly ones that work on Wall Street. That said, no one seemed to have even heard of the language in Dallas when I lived there. So the long-story-short of this is that if you don't mind doing some remote-hiring, it's not too hard to find workers, and things like Ejabberd have a ton of tutorials on writing modules. This is certainly something useful for Go, but it's only one aspect of Erlang. You still don't have to guarantee of thread-safety, you still don't have the immutability, you still don't have tail-call optimization, and perhaps most importantly, you don't have a REPL for hot-code updates. Well, not wanting to pay for a Youtube Red subscription is one possibility, another is that you want to access Youtube using only open source software, and another is to bypass ads. I actually do pay for Youtube Red, but I like to download my Youtube videos because a) my internet connection is a bit spotty, and b) I like to keep as much as I can open source. Well...Now I have a new image to haunt my nightmares. This is actually a pretty neat tutorial, I recommend. I remember thinking this was suspicious. I remember about three months ago I added a bunch of known malware sites to my hostfile so that I wouldn't give them traffic, and I couldn't get to Forbes. Funny, too, because I don't even use Ad-block. I'm so happy that a safe language is (very) slowly starting to creep its way into where I normally would have had to use C++. Rust isn't my favorite language, but it's a substantial improvement, at least in my goober opinion, over C and C++. I love Doom, but what I've always respected about Carmack is the fact that he actively tries to get better by learning all the time. This guy could easily have just learned C and called it "done", and no one would judge him for it. Instead, he's giving speeches talking about how cool Lisp and Haskell are and that he thinks functional is the way to go. Whether or not he's right about that is a matter of preference, but I think it's cool that he's not content with "knowing enough". I would like a better type system, immutability, and a better guarantee of memory safety. I'm totally aware that C++ has unique_ptr which can give you something relatively comparable to the Rust memory management, but I personally think that if the compiler doesn't have any kind of official idiom on the subject, it'll probably end up in the codebase. C++ kind of prides itself on being able to "write however you want", which is fine, but then that means that people might start using raw pointers, unchecked arrays, and mutation. Could a vigilant C++ programmer replicate every feature of Rust? Absolutely, not denying that for a second. Rust doesn't give you anything as much as it enforces a paradigm. At least that's my two cents. Oh, my bad, I misunderstood. Lemme first state that I am not a systems developer; I mostly do servers. That said, some stuff that keeps Rust from being my favorite is a lack of tail-call optimization, the lack of the ability to say that a function is pure and impure (and have that enforced), and not having some concept of a green-threading library built-in. I realize that the last point can fairly easily be implemented with a library, but the first two points keep me using Haskell. And evidently, if I'm wrong about any of these points, don't hesitate to correct me! I'd love to have a chance to get better with the language. EDIT: Just a note, I know that Haskell isn't a systems language and not a direct replacement for Rust. That said, I find that a lot of the features I want in Rust are things I like in Haskell. I agree that ZenCoding has greatly simplified XML development, but I find that even with it you're still beholden to ugliness when trying to edit it. I have to wonder if this, in part, has to do with the fact that poorer people here tend to ride the subway, and get exposed to a larger number of viruses, and building up an more immunities. I'm no doctor, but it at least seems plausible from a lay-man's perspective. That's what I get for taking medical advice from a George Carlin stand-up... That's a fair point, I'll admit I was mistaken. If my job requires me to have an understanding of something new, I learn it. Like an adult. Why the hell is technology the only exception for people on this front? While I agree that the long-term solution is absolutely to use renewable stuff (especially solar), I don't know that the renewable tech is completely ready to power 7 billion people. Nuclear is messy, and far from ideal, but it doesn't spew chemicals into the air, with a high yield of power, and we already have decent(ish) nuclear tech. The part I find especially interesting is that there are probably literally thousands of games that get into more-or-less-working prototypes, the project gets cancelled for any number of reasons, and the game sits on a hard drive until it crashes, and is lost for forever. That's so depressing. I know it's kind of a miracle for any game to make it to the store-shelf, but I'd like to actually see a percentage at some point of how many games never make it, because I would suspect it's pretty high. Isn't a huge issue with generics the compilation time? Much as I love Haskell, I'm not going to sit here and tell you that a big program compiles quickly. That might be an individual issue with Haskell, but regardless, isn't type-inference kind of expensive in compilation-land? And wouldn't that kind of kill one of the big features of Go? Maybe I'm a bit confused; if this bill were to pass, would this make SSH illegal? How about geli on FreeBSD? Am I going to be required to hand over my encryption keys on my server? Admittedly I've never implemented a compiler, or a type system, so I was just speaking out of my behind to an extent, but your explanation makes sense. I don't agree that abstraction layers inherently hide inefficiencies. In C++, `unique_ptr` is an "abstraction layer" with no runtime overhead, that will probably make your code faster due to the better safety. That's true, but he makes the point to remove the abstractions, and I'd argue that no, fix the abstractions. All of Evan Miller's programming reviews are good. I'm pretty sure it's been posted on HN before, but I quite liked his take on Rust as well. Lazy evaluation is what drew me into Haskell a few years ago, when someone showed me how you could use it to beautifully read a file as if it were in-memory, but done entirely as a stream. I thought that was amazing and I was sold. I should have mentioned that in my initial comment; Lazy IO is beautiful and OK for a simple application, but it's smarter to use a streaming library like Pipes of Conduit for anything big. Mosh is great, but I kind of stopped using it once I discovered Tmux so I could resume a session if the connection dropped. It's not that Mosh does anything wrong , but SSH has more features, and is supported by basically everything ever. Consequently, I stick with old-school SSH. I didn't mean to imply it "replaced" it as much as "it can accomplish what I need to". The fill tool doesn't appear to work properly I thought the issue was that there was some decompiled code in the repo? Maybe I'm misremembering. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TrueCrypt#United_States_v._Joh... > The court's ruling noted that FBI forensic examiners were unable to get past TrueCrypt's encryption (and therefore were unable to access the data) unless Doe either decrypted the drives or gave the FBI the password, and the court then ruled that Doe's Fifth Amendment right to remain silent legally prevented the Government from making him or her do so. So it seems like the law is a bit ambiguous on this front. RIP. Buckyballs have a ton of potential on the materials science world, and it's sad to hear that a pioneer is gone. I kind of wonder why no one just forks the (Libre/Open)Office spell-checker and design a plugin around that. Doesn't that work totally fine offline? Location: New York, New York. Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Willing, but not preferred. Technologies: Haskell, Erlang, Go, Node.JS, Verilog and a willingness to learn just about anything. Résumé/CV: https://github.com/Tombert/Resume/blob/master/resume.pdf Email: thomas@gebert.sexy I used a Pebble for about a year, but the problem to me is that it never really looks like a "watch", but more like a "computer that's on my wrist". I'll admit that's a kind of pedantic little nitpick, and the Pebble is a great little thing, but I switched back to my old Invicta chronograph after awhile. I never fully trusted any centralized password managers. Since I'm a paranoid goober, I've ended up dumping LastPass and using the Unix "pass" tool. Anyway, I'm glad that LastPass has resolved this; last thing I want in the news is another big password breach. This is interesting enough, I suppose, but I think they should have included some kind of interesting benchmark where Chakra outperformed V8 or something for Node. Heh, I didn't actually think an actual MS developer would respond to my comment. As it stands, I can appreciate what MS is doing; you guys aren't probably going to compete with or replace V8 or SpiderMonkey on Linux overnight, hence why getting a working Node port is a good first step of presumably many. Regardless, this is definitely an interesting step; it would be really trippy if I end up using an entire MS stack on my Linux desktop, but it appears that might be a legit possibility. It upsets me at how completely unsurprised I am about this. At this point, I've kind of started taking for granted that corporations in America depend on child labor. I almost never eat out...2-3 times a week seems kind of high to me. Then again, restaurants in New York are kind of pricey. I live with my wife. Eating out together will end up costing around 30 bucks, vs $5-6 eating in and cooking. I find eating out while single is ok, it just doesn't scale well if you're paying for multiple people. I think it's very cool that Postgres didn't just post some long thing about Uber saying "they're using it wrong omg!!!" and instead address the problems, understand their decision, and move on. I think that's very cool, there's clearly a good team working on this DB. Isn't that basically what a recruiter does? Every time I've dealt with a recruiter, they've done the salary haggling for me. EDIT: I should point out that that's what they do in regards to full-time W2 work, not contract. I'm surprised you didn't use a functional language like Haskell or OCaml or Rust to do this, since the article talks about love for functional programming. I'm not criticizing Go at all, it's just not really a functional language. I agree, except what I generally tell a recruiter what I want for a job before an offer has even been made, and I usually work with multiple at once. It gives me some haggling power without being the one who has to haggle directly. This gets into semi-philosophical territory. Fifteen years ago, if my phone was stolen, that sucked, but that was basically the end of that. I buy a new phone, and move on with my life. Nowadays if a phone is stolen, they have to have access to my email, passwords, and effectively my entire identity, and it appears that that is exactly what's happening. Phones are awesome, but I think I'd rather lose an eight-hundred-dollar phone than have someone get access to my email. I don't really want to be "that guy", but can there by some marker or something indicating that this is behind a paywall? I'm sorry to upset you. I was unaware that this was a feature. You misread my comment. I said that they have to have , because apparently I like ambiguous wording. Regardless, I'm not disagreeing with you, I was just stating that the problem stated in the article wouldn't have happened fifteen years ago Gah, I'm one of those people. Maybe that's why I don't have any money... I actually didn't know that MP3s had a VBR option...I guess this shows how uncommon it is. I use VBR Ogg whenever I can, and I always thought it was weird that MP3 didn't have support for that feature. I guess I was (as always) a bit ignorant :D. I'm always in favor of things being open-sourced, but I do kind of wonder in what universe I would use PowerShell when Bash is readily available. I actually use Zsh most of the time, but my point is that pretty much every Linux box has Bash at this point, so I'm a bit curious what Powershell has to offer. I'm not in any way trying to undermine the research here, but I feel like it's a bit disingenuous to use the term "could" in your description. Batteries are a difficult thing to engineer, and all this does is provide fodder for the 24-hour-news-cycle to give false hope. I had assumed that I had done a bit too much tinkering and broke something. I'm glad to know that for once something didn't break due to my incompetence :D In Emacs' case, it bothered me until I discovered you can compile everything (including your `.emacs` file) and have it boot a lot faster. AFAIK, there's no equivalent in Atom yet. I used NixOS for about six months, and while I think the core of NixOS is great, but I never liked KDE and how much it kind of forces it on you. Gnome support is kind of horrible, and it felt like I either had to commit to something incredibly low-level like XMonad, or KDE. I mean, the Live-CD has KDE running by default, so I kind of assumed that was the standard. I agree; Snowden, whether you agree or not, was doing something he thought was right. He wasn't just trying to extort data and sell it. I don't disagree, but I know that the issue is divisive; my point is that his intentions were clearly pure regardless. I'm actually reasonably certain that the New York Times vs United State indicated that newspapers are completely within their rights to publish this information: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Times_Co._v._United_S... And there's a slight difference; government employees (including the military) are paid by the taxpayer, and government operations (such as military strikes) are also tax-funded, and a degree of transparency is supposed to come with that. If the government was a for-profit entity, you might have a point, but at least right now, it (officially) is public, and the above case and FOIA are there because of it. I understand that there are cases where the government cannot release stuff to the public, and I'm not disputing that Manning overstepped her bounds, but I don't think it's naive to expect some degree of transparency from public , ( not private) entities. The part I find especially frustrating is that, on average, a New Yorker has a lower carbon footprint than the typical American, probably due to the heavy use of the train. So even when I do the (I think) eco-friendly thing by not having a car and using public transit, I'm still being punished for what the rest of the US (and the rest of the world) does. Well, considering that I get my power from a combination of Nuclear and wind power, I doubt that I give a particularly high carbon footprint. But you're not wrong, I almost certainly have a higher footprint than most of the third world. I guess what I was getting at is that I think the levels New York has are substantially more sustainable than the rest of the US. Sorry for the confusion. Government intervention could conceivably work. In the same way that we were able to get rid of the hole in the ozone layer by imposing restrictions on CFCs, couldn't governments give tax incentives and impose regulations that encourage a greener, more sustainable system? I don't know really what you're arguing. I don't think that the poster was suggesting that we go back to the flintstones-age, and I'm sure he/she was appreciative of the work that's been done in the past, but that in no way deters from the fact that current and future generations are going to have to do a lot of cleanup from the past generations. It's not terribly hard to find data on NYC's carbon footprint per capita: http://www.eia.gov/environment/emissions/state/analysis/ From the article: "New York, with a population of 19.6 million people, had the lowest per capita CO2 emissions – 8 mt per capita. A large portion of the population is located in the New York City metropolitan area where mass transit is readily available and most residences are multi-family units that provide efficiencies of scale in terms of energy for heating and cooling." That's a fair point and I'll admit I hadn't considered that. Conceivably, we could make electric (or something) transportation systems that can travel across the world and not produce and CO2, but we certainly haven't gotten there yet. I think this is incredibly cool. 75% of this planet is difficult/impossible to live on; why not use it for a clean form of energy? I'll admit that I didn't think windmills would ever catch on, but I'm very happy to be wrong here. I didn't know that they were so prevalent, though I suppose that I shouldn't be surprised; my current energy plan does a wind-offset thing right now. I thought the consensus at this point was that "windmill" basically meant "wind turbine", at least colloquially, in the same way that a "battery" really should be called a "cell". I had figured there were technical limitations and my question wasn't meant as "why don't they get off their lazy asses and do it" but more of a "I think it'd be really cool if we figured out how to put them all over the ocean", though I realize now how my wording could be confusing. I would so love it for the US to adopt them more, but we have reality-star presidential candidates that are telling us their an eyesore with huge applause. In my particular case, it wasn't meant to be offensive or dismissive at all; I think wind turbines are very cool. cough That's kind of why I feel like Haskell is a superior language to most others. Yeah, as someone who gets to use F# fairly regularly, actually, it's a substantial improvement in the LOC department compared to Java or C#. I don't find it quite as reliable as something like Haskell (do to the fact that you don't have to be explicit about side-effects), but it's definitely better than most languages. I ran FreeNAS for a couple years. It's tremendously nice, and what I recommend for nearly anyone who want to have a personal cloud. I love the way the Linus interviews. He always has this attitude of "I appreciate the questions, but I'd rather be working or something". This deserves all the upvotes. You saved me a trip to eBay. I'm pretty glad that torrents have started to break out of the "it's only for warez" stereotype. It's a useful technology, regardless of what made it popular. Oh, I know that programmers and hackers and whatnot knew torrents were cool; I'm talking about non-technical people. For example, until fairly recently, if I mentioned a "torrent" to my non-technical mom, she would assume I meant ThePirateBay or something like that. Nowadays, she knows it as just another means to download files. That's a fair point; I guess what I was trying to get at is that when I worked for NYU, I think it would have been an incredibly tough sell to use torrents in any capacity, because of the stigma of piracy. However, I think if I were to pitch it now, there would be serious consideration. I totally agree; what really bothers me about current OS's is that they all depend on something centralized, so if, for example, Canonical went broke, I wouldn't be able to install new packages on my Ubuntu laptop. I'm aware that you can swap out the PPAs as needed, but I would really like something distributed and decentralized. I completely forgot about GunZ doing that. I guess I was wrong; torrents have been taken seriously for awhile :D What I find amusing about this is that raw receives are actually kind of frowned upon in the Erlang community, but the creator is still using them, and the language is still kind of beautiful and cool. This isn't in any way to talk negative about Joe Armstrong or Erlang, but more to show how cool the language is: even non-idiomatic code scales and is wonderful. I was about to comment that: how exactly is this useful? In New York, there's not a lot of places you could fly that aren't over a person unrelated to flight? Does this give some kind of referral incentive? I honestly didn't know that AOO was still updated, as I've really not seen anyone use it in the last three years. Upon re-trying it out right now, it actually seems perfectly fine...I kind of wonder why no one uses it. PCI Compliance is kind of arbitrary. I once worked for a company that kept all their passwords in plain text, and still managed to get compliance. I was just an intern at the time, and I still thought that was kind of weird, especially since this was around 2011 and not the mid-90's. I don't know that that's true; there's nothing that would stop the antibacterial soap companies putting out advertisements that explained why the government is wrong, similar to what happened with vitamin supplements in the 90s. I feel like the ease in which developers can make applications for a new system plays a pretty vital role in that system's success. For example, the Sega Saturn (from my understanding) was ridiculously hard to program for, and consequently a lot of the games for it were objectively worse than their PlayStation counterparts (with some exceptions). My point here is that if Ubuntu wants to compete, I think it's incredibly smart to make it approachable for devs to just jump right in; I know the entire experience isn't polished right now as evidenced by this article, but it doesn't look insurmountable, and I'm optimistic. "Some groups, such as men and adults with less education, as well as ethnic and racial minorities, were especially unlikely to receive any treatment for their depressive symptoms" I know that when I was making less money and had worse insurance, I never have even considered getting any kind of treatment for my depression. Me feeling bad and hating everything was something I felt I could deal with, and it took a low priority over pretty much everything else. That's what I mean! We're only now getting to a point where people really know how to take full advantage of multi(core/processor) systems and are given nice frameworks in which to do so; in the mid-90's I'm pretty sure that that was a really difficult task! I almost never actually use wget...I have an alias set in my bash config that translates `wget` to `curl -O`. I'm not entirely sure why I do that, actually...I think I was trying to impress someone by how few dependencies I had like four years ago and it stuck. For a second, I thought you were directly addressing a guy named "Benjamin"... That's a horrible story, very much "not with a bang, but a whimper". This is pretty rad. I've used Neovim for a few months now, but I always wanted to keep using the "official" editor due to it's support on pretty much every OS. Async is basically the reason I used NeoVim, so it feels good to come back. I do feel that there should be some kind of FAQ about that somewhere on HN. Something like "The Wall Street Journal and the Telegraph paywalls can be avoided by Googling the article name or clicking 'web'" would be useful for getting rid of the people commenting about the paywall. I'm reasonably certain I've written JSON-parsing logic in Haskell that's substantially smaller than this. I find the entire law on this to be pretty nebulous. Torrent sites inherently don't host the files people are stealing. I'm curious what the performance would be if it were ported to Haskell or OCaml. It almost certainly would be slower than Rust, but I think some benchmarks would definitely be interesting when comparing those languages to Go. There's a pretty good Frontline about this...I didn't see this fact listed in the article, but another huge problem is that it's generally not profitable for big medicine corporations to research new antibiotics, which means that for the time-being, we're stuck with our current regime. These animations always remind me of something you'd see in Monty Python by Terry Gilliam. This looks pretty sexy. Are there atomicity guarantees? I don't know that anyone says that they won't; I don't think anyone is saying "and we should just use this willy-nilly", but that it solves a particular problem we're dealing with now. I totally agree though; there definitely needs to be reform with our use of antibiotics, because if we don't, we're going to be stuck with another gram-negative-esque problem. Well I think this is very cool. I actually have a project in mind that I think might benefit; I'll look to see if I can use Upscale. Just to avoid possible shitposting, you might want to put a (2013) in the title. I was relatively certain that the term "shitposting" was more or less the official term for posting BS comments on the internet. I apologize if I offended your sensibilities, as that wasn't my intention. First off, it's not "smacktalk", because I wasn't insulting anyone. I was warning the person who posted the article that smacktalk, or "shitposting" as I referred to it, might happen if you don't put a "(2013)" at the end. Second off, I apologized for offending you, and despite you denying it, it clearly was offensive to you since you called it "low brow". But I've learned my lesson; I'm getting enough downvotes now, I'm glad that the community has decided that certain words aren't allowed. Ok, I appreciate the use of the word "cromulent", being a fan of the classic Simpsons. I am no longer mad at you; you've embiggened my heart. At the very least, the Raspberry Pi has a much lower power footprint, so even it's overkill, it's still probably better than a C64, at least in this one particular case. That said, I think the C64 thing is pretty neat, so I can't really knock it. While I don't support harassment in any way, isn't it an inevitability when posting something on a public forum? I've gotten plenty of comments telling me to "kill myself", despite being a male and despite being an adult. I'm not saying that my level of harassment is comparable to that of a young lady coder, but I am saying that it's not exclusive to any one demographic. I'm not entirely sure why I'm getting downvotes for this, but I guess I've had a knack for that in the last couple days. With any luck I'll lose my downvoting privileges soon. I didn't say we should "accept" anything, and I don't endorse harassment of anyone, and I'd greatly prefer people didn't tell to go "kill themselves" (a commonly cited case of harassment). That said, it's not like it's a big secret that jerks exist on the internet. Anyone who posts something publicly should expect some hate. I'm not saying it's right, I'm not saying it's fair, and I'm not saying I agree with it, but you'd have to be insane to deny it happens. I don't think it happens quite as much to males, but it certainly does happen to males still. Yeah, I mean, it's just incredibly hard to go on Wikipedia and look up "gcj". All I got was this extremely informative page about an open source java compiler: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Compiler_for_Java . Vim or Emacs? :trollface: But seriously, I'm tremendously curious about the use for this with video processing. Has there been any good benchmarks with that? This is a bit of a dumb question; when do you feel your site is going to be back up? I would actually rather like to buy a Parallella... I'm reasonably sure it does a UDP hole punch to do it. I feel like the semicolon-period thing of Erlang is only really frustrating for the first day you're using it. After that, I actually found it to be a fairly natural syntax, and had little trouble switching between it and JS. I don't fully know why people are so anti-nuclear in general. I'll be the first to admit that wind and solar are what society should aim for, but I don't full that, with our current implementations of them, that they're quite ready for a 7-billion-people level of energy needs. I feel like nuclear could be a good way to get us using (relatively) clean energy and get people using electric vehicles in the relatively short-term. I've been looking for an excuse to play with Coq ( cough ) for awhile now. A new release is as good an excuse as any I suppose. Does anyone know how this compares to something like Idris? I think that the Go team worked very hard to make something that programmers actually like using. Yes, it is annoying to do a lot of `check if err is nil`, but at the same time, exception handling is something that can be esoteric, whilst it's trivial to see what your example does. I also feel like there has been a lot of emphasis put on keeping the APIs consistent, which is something that a lot of developers will tell you makes PHP a nightmare sometimes. I've always really liked how the Submariner looks, and apparently so did everyone else, because there are about two billion different varieties of homages to it. While I have no doubt that the Rolex is well-engineered, it's hard for me to believe it's literally a hundred times better than my Invicta Pro Diver, and I won't feel too bad if my Invicta gets stolen...Most people just assume I'm wearing a Rolex. That said, if I had a lot of spare cash I'd probably end up buying a legit Submariner, and if I were eccentric enough, the Paul Newman variety of the Daytona. This is cool, though part of the reason I like things like Hulu Plus is that I don't have to worry about commercials, and it's literally a third of the price. I do find it interesting though; Youtube/Google is taking all the steps to be the next Time Warner or Comcast it seems. I wonder if this proves that that industry isn't impossible to break into. I'm not asking to troll or be annoying, but couldn't we conceivably have LCDs in the future that have really high refresh rates? I'm not saying this year or anything, but is there a technical limitation to the max refresh rate to LCD? About four years ago I moved all of my personal computers away from proprietary operating systems, with most of my laptops running Linux, and one running PC-BSD. PC-BSD is very good, but there are some weird quirks compared to Linux. For example, I have still never really figured out how to get my screen-brightness to adjust properly, and none of my laptops' integrated WiFi seem to work out of the box with any BSD. The latter problem I have been able to solve by cheap USB wifi dongle, and the the former I just haven't solved since this laptop doesn't need a particularly good battery anyway. However, there are some nice perks to having a system that runs on ZFS. Due to its frequently-snapshotting nature, it's much easier to do risky stuff without having to worry about nuking the whole system, since you can always revert to the previous snapshot (kind of like Git). I also have come to really appreciate the ports system, especially after I started doing a lot of stuff with video processing (specifically FFMpeg). Being able to have freshly compiled packages, whilst still having them managed by a package manage (which happily resolves compile-time dependencies), is incredibly useful, and makes it kind of hard to go back to Linux (though I hear Gentoo might be up my alley). Overall, the transition isn't terribly hard, but I wouldn't recommend it if you don't want to get down in the weeds of the system. I enjoy that stuff, and I suspect most of the HN audience does too, so I recommend trying it out. While I do love Btrfs and use it on my Linux laptops, there's more to ZFS than just snapshotting. Raid-Z is a great soft-raid that allows you to lose up to 3 disks (depending on your configuration level), and `zfs send` is really useful for keeping disks synchronized on different machines. I've had pretty good luck on my homebrew FreeNAS server that I ran about a year ago. I only had 8GB of RAM, and I managed to lose drives and replace them without losing data...maybe the bug you had got fixed by the time I used it? Now this server runs on ZFS on Linux using Proxmox, though admittedly I did up the RAM to 32GB. Yeah, wasn't trying to question your setup, I was just doing the HN thing where I have to reply and go into greater detail for ego-related reasons. I actually did not know that Btrfs had a send function, I'll have to play with that on one of my laptops. Org-mode is one of those things that I regret not learning about when I used Emacs full-time. I've had a few friends now show me how it's completely changed their workflow, but since it's not terribly popular in Vim-land (though I am aware there is a port to Vim), I haven't really had a chance to really learn it. I've actually used Spacemacs, but the problem with all these "recreate your Vim setup in another editor" things is that you end up having to redo your entire config. I've had years of custom key-rebindings and tweaks to my `.vimrc` that I don't really feel like redoing for something else. These things fascinate me, and it makes me wonder how close we are to the Gattaca-esque ethical debate. All the same, the fact that we're close to gene editing feels like something our of a SciFi book, and I think that's pretty cool. Man, I'm pretty convinced that Vim macros have single-handedly saved me years of my life. They're so incredibly useful that it's made Vim one of the first things that I install on any machine. I'm a bit confused...what actually happened at Berkeley that warranted this? A very common thing that happens to me is that I have to take big blocks of JSON, and map all the keys and values into something else, like HTML or CSV. Without macros, this traditionally involves a lot of copy-paste-change-stuff repetition. With a Vim macro, I can happily just do this once, assign it to a register, and repeat as needed, and even store it for later reuse if I want. There are also, littler things, like jumping between HTML tags, or bulk-indents. What makes Vim's macros better (in my opinion) that other editor's macros is that fact that they're simply stored in copy-paste registers, meaning that you can have many of them, store in a different file, copy them off the internet, or compose them together. The JetBrains apps actually have a very good Vim plugin, so you could really get the best of both worlds. I view Vim as half-editor, half-editing philosophy. The editor is just an app that I like, but I feel that embracing the philosophy does make me more productive and able to accomplish a lot. APL is a language that confuses the hell out of me, and I hate that. I wish there was more guidance online to using it, since I find the paradigm to be very interesting. This is quite neat. I tend to just fire up the Python or GNU Units whenever I need some quick math, but it's nice to have something rather consolidated. Has anyone here done any production-level stuff with D? I'm debating using it for my next project, but I want to see if it's industry-tested. It's things like this that make me wonder what the world would be like if we had embraced the Church-style Lambda Calculus model instead of the Turing system. I don't know if it would be better or worse, but I think it's an interesting thought experiment. Oh, I just use Units because I'm used to it, and it has always done the job well. I also like that it's self-contained on my computer, instead of requiring a dependency on the outside world. It seems like the law is kind of ambiguous on this ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TrueCrypt#United_States_v._Joh... ), unless my interpretation is completely flawed. I wonder if this will have to go to the Supreme Court at some point. I've been overwhelmingly impressed with Dolphin as of late. Their progress on GameCube games has been particularly impressive; I was able to play through TimeSplitters: Future Perfect recently. After this update, I wonder how long before Nintendo blocks Dolphin traffic. I wonder if RoboVM never really caught on because Swift turned out to be a decent language. I've mostly cut out beef from my diet, but that's mostly because chicken is cheaper and because beef tends to be a bit fattier. Helping against climate change is a nice bonus all the same. The nice thing (at least from my admittedly-fairly-ad-hoc experience) about video processing is that it scales fairly linearly, at least for the basic features. Things like building a scalable transcoding cluster can be made fairly simple ("just add more boxes") using a decent message-queue service. From there, everything is pretty simple HTTP. Of course, this is only the very barebones stuff, and covering all of Youtube's features exhaustively would be quite difficult, and requires some good Machine Learning work. I find these runtime VMs fascinating to ogle at after looking at how Erlang's GC worked. I think you have provided me reading material for this weekend. While I'm definitely not suggesting we replace Curl with a rewrite in Rust (since the current Curl has had decades of good testing and auditing done on it), I am actually very curious how a rewrite in a safer language like Rust, OCaml, Haskell, or Go would fair in comparison in regards to performance and whatnot. If I were ambitious enough, I'd do it myself in Haskell, but I think it'd be too much work for a simpler curiosity. An emulator has been my "bucket-list" ever since I became a software engineer. I still haven't done it...Do you have any good pointers for someone to get started with making an emulator (particularly for someone who works almost exclusively with with server-ey stuff)? If you figure that out, I would love a followup post talking about it. I was always really impressed with that Asterix and Obelix 3D platformer for the system, and I'd really like to see how they pulled that off. - FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop - HEADLINE: A hyper-minimal installation, a la Archbang. - DESCRIPTION: While I love ubuntu, I think I'd like it a bit more if there was a mechanism of having a minimal desktop, with almost nothing installed except a terminal and a GUI (unity is fine). Generally when I install ubuntu, the first thing I do is remove LibreOffice and most of the other pre-installed apps since I have custom stuff that I prefer to us. Honestly, since I'm slightly psychotic about these things, this is a kind of huge to me. Part of the reason I never learned D was because the compiler was partly proprietary. Now I have no excuse to avoid learning the language, and that should be fun. I'm not asking this to troll, I'm genuinely confused...why are drivers ever proprietary? Aren't drivers inherently a loss-leader so that a company can sell hardware? Why not always open up the drivers?