If it fits your use case you can use std::valarray . See here: https://godbolt.org/g/JBSvuH Who did that? I saw no one talking about interpreted languages here. I am running linux on the Surface Pro. Works perfectly. Have you used Haskell? It can automatically generate a lot of things for you if you allow it. Sometimes I really find it amazing. Consent has nothing to do with actually caring about you. Never mistake the two. It's really simple he continously asked you those things because a single touch where you didn't it and he didn't ask you can ruin his life. The last good triple A game that came out and I knew about is The Witcher 3. Undoubtedly there are others but I don't see them. The online only game epidemic is what is causing this. There are loads of people who don't care about the next Dota 2, Fortnite or whatever the next time waste is without substance. But there are barely any games for those people. Most are moneygrabbing sequels with no actual life in them. The only country that seems to still be producing worthwhile games is Japan. That is a meaningless statement. You can do anything in (almost)any language that doesn't mean the basics are solved. That makes zero sense. If they were all failured they where not A players by definition. But why use a mac pro for that? It's not like UE4 only runs on mac or even has an advantage running on mac. I'm not sure there are very many people smarter then Elon. He no doubt unifies people to his cause but I doubt even a small fraction of them are actually smarter then Elon himself. I assume the compiler can easily optimize something like that similar to constant folding. Isn't that the case? Doesn't HTML also provide this feature? While being vastly more powerful and the only downside it cannot be printed accurately? He explicitly says if you don't share hardware with code you don't trust it's fine to disable it. Javascript is not code one trusts... Almost no one uses Intel's compiler for serious workloads afaik. Your entire point is irrelevant. Do you write any code? Because that is not allowed on iOS. Do you want to browse see an application and want to use it? Because that is not allowed on iOS. iOS is so far from being a useable OS that I don't think it will ever be anything more then an internet machine with light video and image editing capabilities. The last update to the ipad pro should tell you enough about what apple thinks constitutes a "professional" OS. That being said OSX running on a higher specced ipad pro CPU could be really awesome but I don't think that is what will happen. Really? For me the presence of a GC disqualifies D as the main replacement for C and C++. Yes and then you can't use most of the nice features of D. Forget about libraries. You are right most software it doesn't matter if you have a GC. However then D is not competing against C and C++ it's competing against almost every other language. The article does not present oil as the only tolerable alternative. Most of the article is about olives and not their oil. So what is it? Just stop using RSA completely or stop rolling your own RSA? The article sends mixed signals on this, I completely understand the latter as bad but I have used the RSA framework within .NET to sign messages before and I don't recall it being hard at all. With libsodium you still have to choose parameters though not that different from other crypto libraries(including .NET) So your plan is to attach an FPGA to the PCIe bus? To allow the FPGA to access peripherals on the Pi side or do you want the FPGA to make the pi a lot more powerful? if you have implemented fsync() to not sync to actual backing storage you have a bug in your design. That is orthogonal to caching the writes in RAM prior. Yes that is excess sugar consumption which the article talks about. I haven't seen any proof that this is the case. Can you link me some papers? don't take this the wrong way. I believe a man would also face significant hurdles to try and get hired after not being in the field for two decades. Honestly on paper such a person has less to offer then a cheaper, younger person who is fresh out of college. I mean If you don't do something for two decades you have forgotten most of it. To attribute your predicament to you being a women seems shortsighted to me. But this is only from the information I gained from reading your post and I don't actually know what experiences you went through. They aren't “math intensive fields”, they are "calculation intensive fields". dragonwriter was obviously being ironic. Meaning he thinks those ARE "math intensive fields". Which they really aren't. This question make no sense in the context of evolution. What do you think it's like pokemon where a species achieves the necessary requirements and suddenly it evolves into a different species? Did you actually try to run the Pi as a desktop replacement? That is what they are advertising. A desktop replacement that is useable for a couple of minutes and then throttles is not something you want. I bet you don't have a lock on your front door either. Besides you need incremental increases to ever be able to reach 100% security. If you shoot every single idea down because it's not 100% secure you will not get anywhere. Really? I think the best way to solve a problem is to code it. I can never see all the corner cases and logical inconsistencies before I start typing. I have tried to formally model software before I start writing it and in the end it was largely a waste of time because real understanding of the problem comes with coding the solution. Of course when doing it like this you write a lot of code which later is unused or bad. But I think that will always happen and it's just a matter of having the discipline to continuously clean up after yourself. If you want to have low quality solutions that kinda work on the first try then sure go for it. Your approach will inevitably lead to insurmountable technical debt that can't be paid off. Big projects should be cut into smaller pieces where each piece can be relatively easily rewritten. Building software is not even remotely the same thing as building a bridge. It would be more akin to the architect creating the drawings twice for the bridge. Once as an exploratory version and the second one the production version. Oh wait that is actually how architects work. In fact at my work we have multiple CAD designers(not architects though) and it's not uncommon for them to completely throw away a design and start over. I think code should be mostly the same. That's my point you CANNOT possibly come up with the right smaller pieces until you have a solution that you have verified works. What do you think other engineering principles do? They create a proof of concept. Verify it works and then create the real thing. That is why "real" engineering companies have hundreds of tools to test stuff. I really don't understand why people want software to be different. You write some shitty throwaway web app then sure go ahead and don't prototype anything just hire a "software architect" that designs something and use that. But do you want something that actually works then that is completely useless. Prototype, verify, start over if necessary. That is the way to write quality software. code is also an abstract model. The CAD designers absolutely test if things work. Why do you think almost every engineering bureau has 3D printers. What do you mean having proven it? As in you tested it and it works or do you mean you have formally using math that your solutions always gives the correct result? If it's the former then this is part of building it. An implementation without proper testing is incomplete. If it's the later I actually agree. Only the most sensitive of applications require that level of sophistication though. Go is not a systems programming language. Rust does fit the bill. Then why does it include a garbage collector? Garbage collection is totally unacceptable for a systems programming language. How have they proven otherwise? I only know of singularity which never went anywhere. It has nothing to do with being the "tall poppy". It has something to do with the public image of the company. Microsoft has created a massive amount of goodwill by doing incredible things for communities. Apple on the other hand is doing one fail after the other and isn't listening to customers. That's why Apple gets the hate. > Lisp machines were sold in the market, before UNIX Workstations won over thanks for being based on source code available at a symbolic price, thus cutting down their hardware costs. And yet despite their early popularity they died of. > ETHZ had their Oberon workstations servicing the complete CS department for around 10 years. I don't consider something running in a CS department as a success. CS department run all kinds of wacky shit. That's basically why they are there. > Midori powered part of Bing during its high time. An OS that runs a single application in the real world. That proves nothing. You haven't convinced me that a production grade OS implemented with a GC can tick every box an OS which doesn't have a GC can tick. On the contrary actually. For all the experimentation that has been done not a single one has actually panned out. The possible programs you can create that have a GC is a subset of all possible programs that can be created without a GC. I have heard of it. I have also heard of this little thing called change. afaik Microsoft hasn't recently done anything like embrace, extend and extinguish. > but, i'll bite - what incredible things for communities have they done? Visual studio code. .NET core. Making visual studio free. WSL, joining the linux foundation, typescript. I could go on... Java real time deployment has nothing to do with whether java can be considered a systems programming language. Why would it? That's a ridiculous conclusion. ANY language can be ran bare metal with enough effort. yes including C. C is a horrible language but it was the best choice back then. Now we have Rust though. Choosing any other language then Rust to greenfield an OS at this point is stupid. We do need faster horses. Especially now since CPUs we are at the cusp of CPUs no longer in speed. No. Designers at my company are also livid that there macboks keep breaking after a couple months of use. I wonder if they will still like them once half their machines no longer have functioning keyboards. An article about bad programmers by someone who is so bad that he can't handle putting up simple static text on a web page sanely is wildly relevant. > Thankfully Ford thought otherwise. Implying a language with a GC can go 10x as fast as a language without one. What are you smoking man I want some of that stuff. Yes those were the last generation were the keyboards are fine. No one uses computers older then 3 years here so we have large issues with having to send back macbooks multiple times a year. I generally judge a company on what they have done recently not what they did 4 years ago. only Rust at this time. Which macbooks do they have? 13 inch ones? That's not true. God doesn't imply he wants you to behave a certain way. Most religions work that way but a God which simply created the universe and doesn't care what humanity is doing is a possibility. Not equally authoritarian maybe. I don't think the US would have any more qualms about backdooring CPUs then China would have. eMMC is not at all better then SD card though. You really need a real SSD for industrial applications. What do you most people use their computer for? Web browsing, word. Maybe some foto or video editing. With the exception of word all of these things MASSIVELY gain from having lots of cores. Not sure where the myth that most people have single threaded workloads comes from because it's not true at all at this time. What? A war. What the actual fuck. How about you just wouldn't be salty about what other people think about cartoon drawings. What he wrote wasn't anything official like a eulogy. It was a hackernews post. God forbid someone writes an opinion in one those... 99% of single threaded industry software doesn't need more power. That's why all of these cheap office pc have i3 processors that are years old. Single threaded performance has only one real advantage at this time and that is gaming. I think multi threading performance is way more important in the real world. He didn't challenge anyone. If you express your opinion "Emacs is without a doubt the best editor" in some other context related to Emacs then you aren't challenging anyone. You are simply expressing an opinion. Opinions don't have to be challenged. I read hundreds of opinions every day and guess what: some of them I don't agree with. That doesn't mean they are declarations of war or anything of the sort. It also doesn't mean I have to fight that opinion. The vast majority of all opinions are stated as a factual claim. Especially in an informal settings like you know a hackernews thread. An opinion that deprecates something else is just a subset of all opinions. It doesn't deserve special care. > All specific opinions are subsets of all opinions. Yes and? why repeat something obvious. > Deprecating something is not a challenge if it is presented as subjective. It is the combination of deprecation and statement as fact (e.g. "without a doubt") that is confrontational. And confrontational opinions are perfectly acceptable in the correct context. My claim is that a context where any disagreement breaks social conventions is the wrong context. An opinion itself can never be confrontational. It's a person that takes it as a confrontation. Just like offense is taken not given. > But an expression of an opinion can be. If I say "I am 100% certain that [thing I like] is better than [thing you like]", that is a challenge to you. That's not a challenge. It's childish to feel challenged when someone else has a differing opinion. I can't even fathom going through life seeing everything somebody else likes as a thread to something I like. There is no argument. That's what you are missing. Someone expressing his opinion is not equal to starting an argument, in any context. Starting the argument is the person who actually starts the argumentation process. Then he should really know better. Not sure why you think the sentence you have written is even an argument. Yes! Unintentionally. Of course they are doing it. Youtube's content policy is so laughably bad that they probably have no choice but to take their own interpretation and use that. Most youtube creators have no money to spend on lawsuits with big corporate entities. Of course that counts. Why wouldn't that count. Not the entire internet is TCP/IP. Definitely not C. It's way to quirky to teach as a first programming language. similar things have been possible for years with C# in visual studio where you can deploy to azure with the click of a single button if you want to. What stops the government from just saying I want to target every single specific person that uses your app? Facebook and twitter are pure waste. Google is 90% waste. Google should just be a search engine and live on donations like Wikipedia. Fitting name. Just as a datapoint. I'm running Linux on the Surface Pro and outside some initial tweaking it runs great. It's not so difficult. It's just covariance and contravariance. C# has long solved this issue. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-g... 14.05% Is FUCKING GREAT considering they make their money over the misery of people. It's actually a disgrace that the profit margin is anything over 2%. I don't agree at all. No profit should be had for developing medicine. You deserve a nice salary for your work but no profit should be made by the company. Don't hate the player hate the game. The consumer didn't choose to have greedy companies that like to make a quick bug over someones suffering. What? A person being sick only exists because of "greedy companies"? Are you on drugs or something? The problem is the refusal of hollywood to release true 60fps content. I'd take a 60fps version of a movie any day over 24 or 30 fps. Not sure how that is relevant to this discussion. That earnings release was before the current CPU lineup was released. Why? Seriously. This sounds as crazy to me as someone saying: "I, for one, don't want to watch movies that aren't 320p." Because they are not really "code". Just like I don't consider someone making cookies from ready cookie dough a baker. There are no unrelated people if that is the ask of the government. What would "usually" require a warrant? What's your point? Outhouses are still alive and well as well. Doesn't mean modern sanitation is vastly superior. Not sure what that has to do with this discussion. forecast are just that forecasts. They are irrelevant once real data has come out. I don't doubt rational people choose limited tech in specific circumstances. I doubt rational people choose limited tech in all circumstances. What would you think about someone that only wants to see black and white photography and won't even take a look at full color photographs? Yes each of those websites still use PHP under the hood. But by that argument each of those websites can be counted as using C as well. As well as machine code. It has nothing to do with the code being spaghetti or not. It's about a level of abstraction where I no longer consider something made with wordpress as something created with PHP. The PHP was allready created and then someone just clicked a few menus to choose what existing PHP he or she wanted. The more fitting category would be just calling such websites "Wordpress" websites and not PHP websites. I wouldn't consider it python code if it is a cookie cutter website where the creator didn't have to write a single line of python. It's not about deployment it's about the process of creation. Why don't you consider each and every website running PHP also a C website? > So if I got someone else to press the deploy button in bitbucket, it suddenly isn't python code? That doesn't make sense does it? You completely ignored the most important sentence in my comment which addresses this. > The web site/app logic is written in PHP, not C. The runtime for the vast majority of PHP deployments happens to be written in C. The logic is written in PHP just as much as it is written in C. The logic is actually written in the language the creator used. Which is the wordpress UI. Why? Every single time I see 60fps content it feels like higher quality then standard. Where do film people scream about higher framerates? I know at least that James Cameron want to move to 60 [1]. [1] https://www.cinemablend.com/new/James-Cameron-Still-Making-T... Indeed, fertility rates can change rapidly. However it's foolish to simply claim it can change so it will. If the current trend continues the Japanese people and culture will be lost to time. This is simply not true. I often it "raw" meat without adding salt or any sauce. There are some meats which taste pretty to close to nothing but this isn't even close to the case for most meats. Something tasting better is not the same thing as the original tasting like nothing. Meat with good seasoning tastes better then no seasoning but that has absolutely nothing to do with you claiming meat tastes like nothing. NixOS + i3 on surface pro. Couldn't really ask for a more convenient device really. Not really a language feature since it's compiler specific but you can relatively easily write static checks using clang-tidy which is a code analysis tool for C++. http://blog.audio-tk.com/2018/03/20/writing-custom-checks-fo... I don't agree at all. Your comment basically says: "It used to suck badly. So don't complain it sucks now.". I think dynamic typing is the bane of good software and we as an industry should try to actively discourage new code to be written in dynamically typed languages. That's not to say that Python doesn't have it's place. But I see it more as a programming language for small utilities no more then 2k loc in length. What? Tests don't guarantee correctness. Sophisticated type systems can prove correctness. See Idris for instance. Are you saying the same thing about casinos? That children should be able to go to casinos? And the parents should just make sure their children don't actually go to the casino? That sounds wholly crazy to me. Loot box mechanics should automatically result in a mature rating for the game. All the languages you mentioned are statically typed though so they already have a large advantage compared to Python. To be honest if I can choose to inherit a 1M LoC code base I would even choose COBOL over Python. I don't have a problem with all games containing even the hint of loot boxes getting the mature rating. The regulations should be just as strict as for casinos. If a game company wants to run a casino along with their game then it's their right but then don't expect to be treated differently. Loot boxes and in game purchases aren't the same thing. I mean I can reject my nature and stop breathing. That is until I pass out and start breathing automatically. I can reject my nature and stop eating and drinking but that has swift death associated with it. We can try and reject our nature but it seems eminently naive to me. What's your proof that this in in humanities nature? Not all actions we took during history are in humanities nature. It seems more likely to me that humans were forced to do stuff like that due to other things in our nature like needing to eat and drink. This comment makes no sense to me. OOP language aren't explicit in what function is pure. If I'm working on a 10MLoC project and touching hundreds of methods while working I can't lookup the implementation of each one to determine whether they are pure. And no a comment saying they are pure is not sufficient. The above is trivial in FP languages. D pure function aren't really pure though. They can modify the arguments that are passed in. Great concept otherwise. Yes I know what it is. I simply don't understand what that has to do with my original comment. What a bad article. It uses a paper the asserts women aren't better at multitasking as proof that women do more work. On a website called sciencealert no less... The only thing that is that women seem to do more housework based on a survey. It's quite funny you post this on this article since it's literally about kids in the developing country becoming LESS limited. Can you provide an example? I have a hard time believing any arbitrary computation can be build without conditionals. But cellular automata have conditionals. That is the entire point of having a state in each cell and then doing something based on that state. Yeah true but I wouldn't call storing every possible result of a system in for instance a lookup table a computation. That is just precomputing all the results and then running a lookup. If I have a lookup table of all the values of the sine and then use that lookup table to get the result of sine for specific value I haven't computed sine, I just looked it up. Same. Sustained performance is also a lot better for me if I disable turbo boost. I'm noticing a frequent problem with a handful of construction workers. Rather than constructing for the 80% of what a building must do, they think of all the possibilities that go wrong and start from the edge cases inwards, which individually represent a small piece of the whole. I would rather they deliver a building and just let it collapse when an edge case occurs. Working in the manner they do is causing them to miss deadlines with nothing to show. I'd be ok if they missed deadlines but a building could already be used for 50% and it's well documented what it doesn't do, but we're getting to the finish line with no useable building yet. The comment was more of a joke. But the message behind it is something I do believe. Software at this point in time is kind of a joke. It's plagued by so many problems that people don't even blink anymore when there is software bug. The kind of attitude OP has is precisely the problem why the field is a joke. Self driving car technology has huge public benefit. Reduced accidents. Increased time for people using self driving cars. Companies no longer needing to pay for staff that pilots cars. Just the time and cost savings alone for private people and companies is hard to be overstated. Initial investment is incredible. Just look at how much money and time has already been spent on trying to implement self-driving capabilities and we aren't close yet. But once the technology is developed and available the cost will probably be pretty low. A couple of sensors and processing. I feel like maintenance cost will likely be smaller since a self driving car in theory at least can detect any issue much quicker then a human. This is all speculation of course but human drivers are very expensive. Quick googling says about 20k to 45k per year for a truck driver. Even if initial investment in self driving technology costs 50k per unit more it's still incredibly advantageous to do so. Yes of course. Programs on windows also can use the full set of windows APIs and Services and not pay microsoft. It's not actually a developer using those APIs the consumer is using those APIs through an application and the consumer has paid for those APIs and Services by buying the phone. Guns primary purpose in a civilian setting isn't destruction it's intimidation. What's more stable and predictable about Intel then AMD? I'm genuinely curious. If you are upgrading you will have to buy a new motherboard anyway and thus it's not like Intel has a particular advantage there. AMD has way better offering for the server market since every chip can handle ECC RAM. I feel that all of this would be MUCH less of a problem with simple code that are required on each USB cable with the exact specs it supports. This code could be put into a tool which then decodes to show what exactly that cable supports. This is such a funny post since USB-C cables which support more then the basics are actually destroying the PI. Great for him! I think it's quite ridiculous how we as a society structurally deny progress in the name of social justice instead of letting justice be dolled out by the government. What? GPL forces SIGNIFICANTLY more control on users then for instance the MIT license. Developers are also users of a piece of software. GPL 3 restricts developers in insane ways where they are forced to contribute back any changes and even worse then that it basically infects all code that it touches. It's almost impossible for a commercial product to use GPL 3 licensed software at all. This is basically tyranny. I really don't follow. What does Epsteins background have to do with the funding he was bringing to MIT? People aren't one dimensional. What Epstein did was disgusting, it has nothing to do with him funding some MIT research. MIT taking that funding is not in any way supporting what Epstein did. You think Epstein funding some research washes him of his past transgressions? I have never heard anyone say that. Nor do I think we should stop people that have done wrong from doing right afterwards because it could "wash their reputations from past transgressions". We have something called the law that should bring justice to people. That is more of a problem of individuals with large amounts of money having too much power then anything else. Why not? They did both. We should recognize them for both. Why do you feel the need to portray them in such a one dimensional way? Not really. Someone doing something really bad will always have their image tainted. That doesn't mean we should stop them from doing good. Look at Bill Gates for instance. People still give him a lot of shit for what he did 20 to 30 years back even though he objectively has done a lot more good now then bad. Bill Gates did both of those things. We shouldn't forget either. Depends on what you mean by recognize. I certainly don't think we should hide it. I also don't think we should "forget" the person is a rapist. But the main point I am making is that we shouldn't stop the rapist from making charitable givings. Nor should we punish institutions for taking that money. How do they make a sleazeball look like a boy scout? This doesn't answer the question. You really think a person that knows Epstein has done the things he has done and knows about the "The Jeffrey Epstein Research Lab at MIT" is going to think that Epstein is some A OK dude? I didn't hear about the evils of Jeffrey Epstein. In fact I didn't know the guy at all. But to disprove your point. If I go back one year with the wayback machine and look at his wikipedia the first sentence on his page mentions he is a registered sex offender[1]. [1] https://web.archive.org/web/20180807122025/https://en.wikipe... Is there actual proof of the government knowing about Epsteins actions and looking the other way because of his donations? I find that really hard to believe... Is there any proof to your claim? What do you mean getting away with what he did for so long? He was sentenced more then 10 years ago for having sex with underage girls. Donating money doesn't make you a philanthropist. I'm not caping(? not sure what this means) at all for Epstein. I simply think it beyond ridiculous to fault an institution for taking donations from any individual as if that act implies the institution agrees with all actions that individual has taken. I'm not sure the trafficking was even on the radar at that point. The legal proceedings didn't even start yet. It's no wonder it's not on Wikipedia then. The problem was Ito accepting donations from a black listed person. Nothing more nothing less. Ito wasn't in the position to make that call. Yes and that is indeed a problem. Joichi was willfully going behind M.I.T.s back to get those donations. And that should be a reason to fire Joichi. However that is completely separate from believing that blacklist to be valid. I don't think such a blacklist should exist at all. But it's not the call of the researcher itself to bypass it. That has nothing to do with your original point which said that his donations allowed him to work as a sex trafficker. I can't view this for some reason. Is there an alternative where I can read this article? Doing anything with expect is basically only coding for the happy path. It's fine for some throw away script but as soon as you need any kind of reliability it's useless. Have you ever asked yourself if an API can return an infinite amount of responses how many conditional you would need to handle that? The output of a terminal is just simply too unstructured to work in any high reliability environment. That's a bold statement. Do you have any proof to back it up? But you make no logical case that this was actually found out because of diversity. It's really sad the guardian doesn't quantify at all how contaminated the water is. This basically has no news value because of it. Is this a good idea? Is this a bad idea? No way to tell without any hard numbers. > Is a fact that radioactivity kills people. No need to demonstrate it statistically. We have enough empirical evidence. It's a fact radioactivity kills people over certain thresholds. This is the same as saying water kills people or potatoes kill people. Radioactivity itself is not bio accumulative. Some radioactive particles are bio accumulative. Your post shows a staggering amount of misinformation which is exactly the reason we need hard numbers. This would be a huge red flag for me. I fully expect suggestions from newly on boarded devs. That is actually one of their most important skill since they aren't encumbered yet by the existing context and can see things in different lights. This is a technical impossibility right now. Any inside out tracking will need at least one camera, multiple if you want it to be good. I have similar experiences with the range-v3 library. Being a huge fan of LINQ I really wanted to love it. But it was just too limiting. The big advantage of something like ranges is that you should be able to quickly write something declarative. But it's just frustration after frustration. The "ugly" code at least works the first time with easily predictable performance characteristics. Ridiculous. HN censoring important news... I guess the best time is over for this site and it's time for something new. It's because it's immensely cool what humanity can continue to achieve. Are you using green media? Green media is very abrasive and it's recommended to burn them in before usage. This can literally saves you thousands upon thousands in tape drives. Yeah this seems pretty useless to me. Controlling pins on an FPGA from a microcontroller... Why not just control the pins on the microcontroller directly? FPGA are WAY more flexible then a microcontroller is. You can literally just use your FPGA as a microcontroller if you want. Reprogramming them is not a chore at all anymore since you can write stuff for them at a much higher level of abstraction then you can for microcontrollers. Complexity only really starts once you start having issues with timing closure or are forced to implement an DDR SDRAM controller. This all heavily depends on the toolset you are using. There are easy statistical methods to still get useable data from something like this. Average is just the average. Because of something called justice? It was really ridiculous how he was treated while he didn't do anything wrong. Uninformed masses will still see this guy as a bad person for years to come for no other reason that the media is lying to them. What has he done wrong over the years? I keep seeing people say this in this thread without any reference or anything concrete. Actually they must use the worst pilots. If they use average pilots that means 50% of the pilots might be out of their depth flying that plane. What kind of insanity is this? This is false dichotomy. The media spend incredible amount of energy destroying this guy for no apparent reason. It's not more then fair the same amount of energy is spend helping him for the injustice that was done. Beside it's not like the media is lacking in energy to spend on inciting social justice mobs. If the skill variance is pretty low then you might as well use test pilots. Their skill will hardly be better then the worst of the worst. I don't think there is actual data on skill variance among professional airline pilots so I rather they just force testing on groups which are statistically more significant to get into crashes. This asshole? Without "this asshole" the world would look vastly different today. This guy isn't even an asshole as far as I can see. It is a false dichotomy, you are pretending that defending the injustice done to Stallman somehow takes away focus from other injustices which is not at all apparent. The community cares so much about him because he has done significant amounts for the good of humanity. Some people blown up by a drone strike aren't known at all by the community and haven't proven themselves to be invaluable. It's the same reason that you would be sad when a person close to you dies and yet you don't feel the same way when some African kid starves. People indeed get fired for smaller infractions but those people haven't even closely created as much value as Stallman. It's even worse then if he had the wrong skin color because at least that's real. He has been lynched because of straight up lies by the media. This article just seems like someone who is obsessed about how hard other people work. I really don't get it. Why not do a job the best you can handle? Maybe that involves "hard work" however you yourself define it or maybe it doesn't. It really doesn't matter. Can you tell me the formula which will approximately give me the max TDP used by a recent Intel CPU based on its rated TDP? No. You didn't get that right at all. You asked why people are defending him and I gave you an explanation. The comparison I made with the african kid was specifically made to clue you in on it but it seems it went over your head. Multiplexing doesn't have to flicker if you do it fast enough. How is it douchy? If I write a book about calculus and people say it's too hard, because they don't know what a function is, is it then not more then fair to say to them they should first know some basic math before attempting to understand my book? That's basically just helping the reader to me and not condescending in any way. Most people I know are unfamiliar with school-level math. They had it one or two decades ago and forget most of it. It's not a skill that is used day-to-day. Wow... It's really incredible how a bunch of SJWs have ruined one of the greatest forces of good. My heart goes out to him. I don't live anywhere even close to where he is looking for housing. Can you name 20 people who have factually done more good then Stallman that are currently alive? I don't think 20 is absurd. But feel free to name 10. Here I can start the list for you: - Bill Gates. For saving in the hundred millions lives through his foundation. - Arunachalam Muruganantham. For low cost sanitary pads which have helped millions of women. - Elon Musk. For starting a green revolution in the notoriously dirty car industry which will save millions of lives by saving the environment. That's why I specifically mentioned starting a green revolution. Without Tesla current car companies wouldn't be racing to build cheaper electric cars. I didn't mean that people would all buy Teslas I think it will happen. Buses are already electric where I am from. Won't be long until trucks are too. Police officers taking criminals off the street is a small good. Same with firefighting. It's simply doesn't compare to the impact Stallman has had. TBH proprietary tooling this is just not the way to go. The FPGA space needs solution which works across FPGAs of different vendors. Besides there are way better alternatives to VHDL and Verilog that I feel High level synthesis is kind of dead. Clash mainly. I have also heard amazing things about bluespec but I have never used it myself. Your comment about clash and functional languages not handling state correctly are shortsighted. I have implemented real systems using Clash. The usability is simply leaps and bounds ahead of stuff like System Verilog and System C. The real headache of Verilog and the like is that it has little ability to abstract making you think that the real problem is stuff like multidimensional array indexing. I'm not sure what you expect on a front page of a technology they have to show really simple toy examples and can't really dive in deeper. It's a front page... You can find myriad of more involved stuff if you would have googled for 5 seconds. For instance this https://clash-lang.org/blog/0001-matrix-multiplication/ . Java and Scala are at about the same level of what you can do with both. Clash isn't really at the same level as VHDL or Verilog. You are right that it still compiles down to VHDL or Verilog but that doesn't mean anything. Haskell also compiles down to machine code. Does that mean you might as well write machine code? Of course not. What's your point that there are other languages that compile down to Verilog? I have tried some of them and most of them try to shoehorn a software language into digital design which doesn't fit. Mostly because it's (almost) all proprietary. None of the companies are investing in a truly usable solution. It speaks volumes that a handful of developers working for free where able to create a vastly better experience with yosys and friends. This. It's not so hard, any competent software engineer could learn HDLs in one or two weeks. The fucking toolchain though? Months... I have seen some code written by software engineers that was bad and also a lot that was good. They simply need to be taught how HDLs work which is conceptually simpler then something like C++. I very much disagree that most issues are hardware specific. FPGAs all work the same way. What is different is the IP that can be ran on different FPGAs but that is generally a tooling problem not inherent to the problem domain. HDLs are conceptually much, much simpler then C++. HDLs actually are a tool for programming FPGAs, that this is actually programming hardware is an implementation detail. This is incredibly naive. There are algorithm where CPU but GPU easily. There are also algorithms where a GPU beats a CPU easily. There are also algorithms where an FPGA beats a GPU and a CPU easily. You simply can't say x is better then y in general. They all have their own domains. what about rm -rf? fuck the GNU project. I no longer can take it seriously after the events that have occurred. Disgusting bunch of people. I don't show respect to people that throw their leader under the bus at the first sign of trouble. They have achieved some cool technical stuff but that is no excuse for being a sad sack of a human. Lua is really not a nice language... These people are not in any way the leaders of a group I belong to. I'm not part of GNU. So I'm not doing the same thing at all. Me writing off a bunch of people that are mostly unrelated to me and a group of people expel their leader are vastly different things. There is(should be) an inherit trust from the leader to the group and the group to the leader. It's fine for the group to expel. What is not fine in my opinion is for the group to do this under external pressure. This clearly show the group has no allegiance to the group itself. Only to winds of external pressures. It basically proved GNU is not really serious group. Just window dressing. Which would have been fine. It's not fine that this happens when external pressure due to the media is happening. That's exactly right. Governments enforce their power through force and major corporations through money. Not groups that deserve any respect or their stance be taking seriously.