I'd speculate that anyone "political" enough to be elected to the legislature at the tender age of 25 will never be able to step outside the mentally-crippling assumptions of the total-services state. Note the unrecognized contradiction between "the state should provide this service and provide it well" and "when I was in charge of things for the state, the LAST thing I or any of my colleagues cared about was providing this service". In the USA, technologically unnecessary government regulation of the wireless spectrum is the only reason the wires confer any sort of monopoly. If the FCC didn't exist, we wouldn't all be forced to use 1940s tech on all non-wifi bands, and our local loop to our ISP would be wireless, fast, and effectively free. Instead, we have Ma Bell, Part II. I don't see how an evil corporation could have brought about such a situation without the enthusiastic assistance of the state. To confirm my understanding, would the erroneous line from the comment above be rewritten like: button.onclick = obj.func.bind(obj); So un-DRY! It's almost admirable, how blatant a hack this is. Not yet. Other than reference materials and favorites "worth rereading", shouldn't most of the books in one's possession be those one hasn't yet read? When you're done with it pass it on to the next reader! Well that's how it works for physical books; I'm not sure about electronic ones. No, it doesn't. Presumably the parent is describing a situation in which a temporary guest wouldn't receive a physical key at any time, but would have temporary access through the app. Why can't there be more than one school serving a particular area? Does the mere existence of charter/private/parochial in a community undermine that community's public school? Why would that be so? Education is far from the only service industry for which there is no silver bullet. Other such industries function by fostering expertise at management levels in addition to the "work" level, but always leaving the final decision in the hands of the consumer. On the other hand, USA public education takes no consumer input at all, and it's crap. The reason we continue to attempt doomed one-size-fits-all strategies (and really, always using a single poor tactic is poor strategy, despite what we think we may know) is because we intentionally ignore the primary input that helps other industries regulate quality. I actually don't think teachers as a whole are that bad (of course there are individual exceptions), but the management/administration of USA public education is abysmal. If most current administrators were actually responsible for firing underperformers while recruiting talented new teachers, they would fail miserably at those tasks. I'm all in favor of teacher autonomy when we have sufficient public vouchers and other similar mechanisms in place to guarantee parental choice as well. "Some students might have many great teachers and be in a position where school is very positive for them." I've never met anyone who said this about her public high school education. In university, many people said this about their educations in private schools, so I assume such a positive experience is possible. I'm convinced it's rare in public-funded secondary schools in the USA. The best solution to this unfairness is to give everyone a choice in which school their children attend, by instituting publicly-funded vouchers for every student. I have strong opinions about dining and auto repair (I'm neither a particularly noteworthy chef nor mechanic). Others have strong opinions about health care, hair-styling, home remodeling, child care, legal representation, or any of hundreds of other widely available services. Somehow we have a system in place that allows expert service providers to consider all of our opinions so as to provide satisfying service. It would be great if something similar existed for education. Students certainly benefit from interaction with slightly stronger students, regardless of absolute academic strength. The most able student in any class is unlikely to actually learn much, but let's stipulate that we don't care about her needs. I still don't agree that any student benefits from sharing a class with others who are far more advanced. It's not like they're somehow going to catch up (rare exceptions exist, but clearly the system isn't about rare exceptions). Not everyone should be groomed to go $10k in debt for 1.5 years of college, or worse, $50k in debt for a degree that will never pay for itself. We need alternatives to this path for those who are never going to write a convincing essay or calculate a derivative (here we shouldn't just criticize the education establishment; the business community should be creating better opportunities as well). Public schools benefit much less from economies of scale than their administrators, architects, and accountants (who do so benefit) would have us believe. This is why one of the most effective public-only reforms is to break up large schools into smaller ones. The principals don't have any army of vice-principals behind whom to hide, and there is some accountability for what happens in class. Very few charter, private, or parochial schools ever become the behemoths that public schools are, and few of the parents and students who choose them would want them to. I agree that students with special challenges should have commensurately larger vouchers they can take with them to whatever school their parents judge to be the best for them. It's hard to imagine that alternative schools would do worse for those with IEPs than most public schools do. "buy a fucking pump" I suspect this is good advice, but the image that popped into my head was an elevated generator, a ground-level tank, and an electric pump reliant on either mains or generator power. "It's always worked during our monthly tests!" Whoops! Probably the elevated generator should be installed with at least a small gravity-fed tank, easily refilled once the pump is operating. I doubt anyone wants a giant fuel depot anywhere inside or on the roof of the building. Keep in mind that for heights taller than 3 floors (and practically, the limit is shorter than that), pumps have to be located on the same level as the fuel supply because the atmospheric column only has so much mass. Pumps and their electrical inputs should probably be installed with waterproofing if flooding is considered likely. This is reminiscent of what happened at Fukushima Daiichi, although with less dire consequences. The Akin fiasco was modern Republican egotism and political incompetence in a nutshell. To start with the primary: Steelman is a serial officeholder too scared to challenge the incumbent Democrat Nixon for governor, who ran basically because she thought it was her turn in the Senate. Brunner is a rich dude who enjoys buying things. Akin is an "evangelical" Christian who visits lots of different churches. Also there were various cranks. If there were a core group of republican leaders in this state (rather than just a bunch of tired old emeriti angling for lobbyist gigs), they would have recognized that the evangelical vote was going to Akin. It's not as though he's an unknown quantity; he's been representing the same dozy safely-gerrymandered suburbs of St. Louis for decades. So they would know what a tool he is, and they would have known they had to get all the moderates voting for the same candidate in order not to be saddled with Akin in the general election. Which, since they have no way of influencing Brunner, would mean that Steelman would have been urged to step aside. She could have stepped into some committee appointment, or kept lobbying, or whatever, but she would have been taken care of by the establishment. Next time around, it could have been her "turn" again. Nothing like that occurred of course. Perhaps they thought McCaskill could have been beaten by anyone, and they wanted to prove it by nominating the dumbest guy they could find. If so they've been listening to Rush too much. McCaskill is not the pwog extremist they'd like to paint her as. As she bragged in her ads, she got the perfectly moderate score of "50" among Senators. If she had been running in 2010, Akin might have had a chance even with his rude comments, but in the quadrennial general election you can't just take the piss. Obama has coattails in St. Louis and Kansas City. McCaskill isn't as dumb as we all thought either. She actually ran ads during the Republican primary supporting Akin as the "True Conservative Choice". She did so openly, and all the Bible-thumpers thought she was trying to trick them with reverse psychology. I guess her checkerboard has more dimensions than theirs. And then within a week after the primary Akin spouted all that voodoo-illiterate-snake-handler let-me-tell-you-about-legitimate-rape nonsense. Why on earth is any Republican candidate ever allowed to answer a question about rape? Why do they ever utter anything besides "rape is terrible, and I'm against it 100%"? There are no upsides to answering that question! At that point the national Republican machine noticed what a hash of things their chums in Missouri had made. I'm sure they tried to buy off Akin, much as the state folks should have tried to buy off Steelman earlier. In Akin's case, the offer would have had to have been much sweeter, not least because he's much less rational: a national post in a potential Romney administration plus the promise of really sweet lobby dollars for him (they could have hit up Brunner for some of this) while he stayed in the House and an office on K Street after he left it. I'm not sure if they didn't offer a big enough bribe, or if Akin was too dumb and prideful (pride is ever the evangelicals' favorite deadly sin) not to take it, but the deal didn't get done. It didn't help that all the local Republican bigwigs, even those not up for reelection, immediately jumped on the airwaves to deplore Akin as soon as they possibly could. You can trick, buy, or even (rarely) reason with an evangelical, but you can't bully one. As soon as the rustics in the Ozarks heard that fancypants Danforth was trying to overrule the voters' choice for nominee, the phones in every political office in the state lit up. At that point it was too easy for Akin to fool himself. After all, he's a believer. So, this is the Republican Party. I still vote for them occasionally, and if I lived in a Blue state I probably would do so more often. Mostly I'm really bummed Johnson only got 1% this time around. "don't stand a chance" I didn't actually expect Johnson to win. The majority of voters don't support peace and freedom at this time, so I didn't expect them to vote for those things this time. However, I had hoped that a better showing by Johnson would prompt more voters to at least consider the possibility of peace and freedom, and that that consideration could inform their votes next time. "the idiocy of the electoral college" One might think the case for this proposition is obvious, but it's not. The electoral college effectively prevents having a recount in every state and every precinct any time the popular vote is close. Only when the electoral count is close and the popular vote of some state is also close will we have a recount, with all of its inherent confusion and lawsuits. I'm glad we have an institution that prevents recounts in most elections. What other institution would you propose, or do you see no problem with recounts? A single GFCI outlet on a circuit protects all outlets on that circuit: it will interrupt the circuit on a ground fault at any outlet wired in parallel. It is customary if not universal for the GFCI outlet to be closest to either the entrance to the room or the sink (often both). In such a case the fact that the outlet nearest the toilet doesn't appear to be a special GFCI receptacle isn't actually a problem. This is an important correction; I upvoted. However, it does confirm that the normal outlet by the toilet, protected as it is by the single GFCI outlet in the restroom (assuming the electrician wasn't as foolish as I was above) doesn't need to be replaced by a new GFCI outlet in order to plug in a fancy toilet seat. It's silly to provide a "read an excerpt" link that is just the generic intro-to-this-book copy that's approximately reproduced on the page that contains said link. "Hackers like to optimize things." Gee, thanks for that. Excerpts should be meaty: show me what's going on in the third section of chapter 6. I may not understand all the prerequisites, but I can at least judge whether anything is actually happening in this book, before I give you money. Some people frame the gov't-vs-corp question as one of trust, which it certainly is. If we really thought about it, however, we might find that we're more motivated by the feeling (not the fact!) of agency. If you write lots of letters to your reps and attend lots of city council meetings, you probably feel more agency in dealing with the government. If you spend lots of money and change vendors often, you probably feel more agency in dealing with "private" corporations. Some of us might not experience much agency in our day-to-day lives, but still be tempted to choose one or both scenarios as a pleasant imaginative exercise. I suspect that much of the agency we feel in our dealings with both of these groups is illusory, perhaps inspired by a conditioning to approve of the broad basket of behaviors they were going to exhibit anyway. Even more imaginary, however, may be the thought that a strong embedding in a peer-regulating group will give us more agency. Humans had that arrangement for thousands of years, but most recent (last few centuries anyway) changes in society have undermined it. Society is the sum of choices we all make, and we don't seem to be returning to the village green. This statement might be correct (although I've never seen any evidence to support it), but it's still misleading because "forward the packet" is always going to require fewer resources than "read the packet, parse it using this set of algos, use the parse results to search your DB of shit you want to fuck with, optionally fuck with the packet, optionally forward the packet". An exception to this would be if you have big iron on the edge that protects resource-poor interior nodes. This situation is unavoidable sometimes (DDOS), but it's not what anyone should aim for. Historically the ITU was a forum through which Ma Bell marketed her switching equipment to national phone companies outside North America. Presumably this is more of the same, except Ma Bell was divested of most equipment manufacturing and it's all IP now so other companies (USA, Japan, Germany, with a few others) are driving. The capacity for spying on and shaping the internet use of customers/subjects is appealing for many decision-makers. Among "first world" nations, we probably shouldn't discount the persuasiveness of the various American TLAs with their various evil projects. Don't you want your national constabulary to buy the same crap the DHS buys? I suspect that if all of this was for reasonable network maintenance then the ITU wouldn't need to be involved. The equipment manufacturers have the researchers; they don't need the ITU to tell them how to shut down open mail relays. What makes me less concerned about these proceedings is that all this is happening anyway, whether we're told or not. Yes Virginia, there are bad people in the world, and some of them run phone companies, while others spy on the citizens who pay their salaries. Eventually they'll all be routed around, and we have encryption anyway. Sure key management is hard, but if your opponent controls national network operators then you'll use something better than TLS. I have several responses: A) this is probably true to an extent. B) slurping everything to disk is impractical, and no one has that much storage, so you're back to parsing and deciding at the boundary. This "leisure" time doesn't ever happen when you save everything all the time. C) this point seems to contradict the various claims of reasonable network maintenance I've seen; if it's trash you want to drop, you want to drop it on the floor not on your disk. If you're keeping actual traffic rather than just summaries of traffic, you're not doing reasonable network maintenance. > inevitably will have users who don't spend the karma they gain and so become karma sinks. This doesn't seem like a problem to me. A karma sink is a connectivity source. Surely we're trying to optimize for the latter quantity? If it makes you feel bad you can give away prizes or something. I'm not a mobile app dev, but I could have sworn that I'd heard until recently that no one made money from this stuff. Obviously this article implies that many people are like that, but it also seems to imply that there is a transition area -- a middle tail if you will -- in which independent devs can make money without becoming Zynga or Rovio. Someone should buy a Naris and let hackers start hammering on it. The delivery vector for any malware developed would be trivial. Just send it in an email to someone in the USA. Hi NSA! If you find similar coverage elsewhere please link it. In the meantime I'm glad RT is on this. And please distinguish between the long-term goals and values of the USA and the craven personal interests of its present rulers. In pieces I've read and seen from RT, they've often honored the former while excoriating the latter. Which is something I wish an American news source could do. I'll know it's possible as soon as I see a single example. Yeah it probably isn't cheap. If motivated enough, however, somebody like EFF or WikiLeaks could co-opt enough officials in a third-party nation (Ecuador, perhaps?) to purchase the service. "National security classified" has never stopped Boeing from selling cut-rate, not-latest-generation tech to other nations before. After all, their pals who want to work for them upon "retirement" from the military decide what's classified. Probably the service wouldn't come with a complete ruleset, but it would come with consulting, from the same people who helped develop the initial USA ruleset. Also, the system is probably optimized for the use of its largest customer. Failing that, you might be able to enlist the help of some of the APT folks who've been downloading all the F-35 plans. Why would we expect Boeing's network to be more secure than Lockheed's? If one were really patient and as immoral as the NSA, one could start moving around a lot of fabricated-but-plausible evidence against USA citizens for national security-type crimes, and then paying special attention to federal prosecution notices. If you noticed which manufactured "evidence" turned up most often, you'd be able to run a kind of oracle attack by fine-tuning for what got prosecuted the most. In addition, many of these framed citizens would be so obviously innocent that even our debased court system would acquit. This would undermine the perceived accuracy of this fancy expensive system. After federal prosecutors look foolish a couple of times when relying on super-secret we-can't-tell-you-where-we-got-this surveillance data, word will get around. However it's done, if someone figured out how to characterize which packets get saved (I still refuse to believe they're saving every packet sent in the USA), one could generate many such packets, which could be obviously bogus upon inspection but enough to fool the initial analyzer. That's a DOS right there. Just throwing out some ideas. I'm sure you smart guys have already thought of all this. This cannibalization argument is the same reason that Henry Ford only sold black cars. Car companies didn't (actually, if you go back long enough ago, they did, but they're over it now) have to transform their company and manufacturing processes in radical ways when they began offering both types of fuel, any more than had to when they began offering multiple cylinder displacement options (2.0L, 454cc, etc.) Diesel and gas engines both require fuel systems, radiators, alternators, air intakes, exhaust pipes with mufflers, transmissions, etc. It is actually possible (although not always easy) to just replace one type of engine with the other in a user-owned car, so much more in the factory. It is quite another thing to rip out everything involved in the motive function, except the axles, wheels, and tires. If BMW wait too long to start the process, they won't get the results to a BMW quality level for many years. They'll have to decide whether they want to saddle the brand image with crappy electrical cars or if they'd prefer to sell their crappy electrical cars with a low-prestige marque. The "gun" narrative, in addition to being literally true, also has the rhetorical advantage of emotionally short-circuiting many people of a particular ideological bent. While you fume about being explicitly associated with the violent force that implicitly enables your everyday actions, you're unable to reply in a fashion that will convince the majority of people who don't have irrational ideas about guns. (I don't necessarily mean "you" literally, but surely we've seen enough guns-r-bad silliness online to know that it exists.) It's apparent to me that there will be multiple ways of "generating new karma". Don't all of these devices come with a certain amount built in? If that's not enough (e.g. once most consumers who would buy one have already done so) then people who find themselves short can buy some more with actual money, or devices that are online can "farm" karma at a certain rate, or whatever. It's not difficult for the mint to print more money. What was "over the top" about the linked piece? It's got to be the most even-tempered thing I've ever read from RMS. Did you actually read TFA before posting this comment? Interesting. It seems like he also might have wanted to try a generator expression for the "throw away the list" case. You can always wrap a generator expression with max() or any() or something similar to trigger the iteration. You'd at least be avoiding the "LIST_APPEND" bytecode. With the additional function call I'm not sure the generator expression would be better, but I must admit that in my own code I'm pretty anal about converting all list comps to gen exps that I possibly can. Wow, scrolling down from that article was a hilarious reminder how much more cogent HN comments tend to be than any other comments on the interwebs. "Grrr! USPTO is mean to Apple! How dare they! I'm mad!" Etc. Sure, but it's less expensive to store and maintain a single boolean value than a potentially-huge list. That's sort of the point of any(), sum(), or any other builtin that takes an iterable. This reminds me of reduce functions in MapReduce: if they return variable-sized objects they'll blow up. As others suggest I'm probably all wet about savings vs. a simple loop because of instantiation etc. And I don't think I'd ever use expressions like these merely for their side effects. I do expect that at a certain problem size the cumulative costs of building the list in a list comp will swamp the generator instantiation costs of gen exps consumed by iterator-friendly functions. From that discussion it seems that not much of this system was usable at that time. Fortunately it appears more complete now. He got his thesis done too. If you'll forgive my pedantry, I think doubling is traditionally described as "100%" growth, not "200%". "Any company that cannot discover an intrusion for a year sufficiently knows neither themselves, nor their enemy, and is not in a strong position to win a battle by going on the offensive against them." Well that makes sense. If you've been pwned, it's likely that there are many aspects of the situation you don't understand, even after you realize the fact of your pwnage. Who can say that your "offensive" actions aren't exactly what your opponent desires, as he has led you to take part in his attacks on other victims? Do you consent that those victims "hack back" against your assets in response to your misguided actions? It seems like we've heard about this sort of tactic for some time. It's like many other proposed IT "solutions" in that it's much easier to market than to provide. Remove the '/' from the end of the link. "...even if the gyros stop..." Except gyros don't... stop. Sure, they require regular torque input to maintain constant angular velocity. However, they're typically constructed with all their considerable mass at the rim, so they have very high angular momentum. If power to the gyros fails for some reason, they will continue to spin, and continue to regulate balance, for quite some time. Certainly long enough to pull to the side of the road and deploy the kickstands. It would be good engineering to tie some sort of gyro power failsafe into motive power and some sort of driver alert system, if it weren't even better engineering to just tie both of the "redundant" (I suspect that two horizontal gyros act to cancel any unwanted yaw torque that one would create by itself) gyros directly to accessory power. If the key is on, the gyros are either starting to spin or are spinning at normal speed. Like with any other vehicle, if you lose power at high speed, coast to a stop at the side of the road. At that point perhaps there is a non-powered mechanism to extend the kickstands? I didn't downvote you, but it is physically impossible for spinning gyros, with their massive angular momentum, to suddenly stop without a sudden massive impulse of countervailing torque. Barring catastrophic (i.e. the driver is already dead) damage to the vehicle, there is no mechanism that can apply such torque. I thought it was a joke. I kind of agree on the advance notice, but then again what excuse does anybody have anymore for not delivering IMAP over SSL? (If you're talking about a personal server, why not either a) forward to gmail or b) update your MX records to point at gmail?) Is it any better for all affected users to have to 1) figure out what this fingerprint is and enter it and then 2) individually update the fingerprint every time the cert changes, after they figure out that's why they're not getting any email through this particular provider any more? Isn't it easier from Google's perspective to just say "you can't do this" than deal with those complications? Isn't GPS supposed to be a military technology? Maybe there's something they're not telling us about how they really use GPS. However, I'm not reassured by the wartime durability of any tech that must be protected from all interference while at peace. Not that we actually have any real enemies anymore (rustic Muslim goat-and-flammable-underwear aficionados are more dangerous than the Axis powers were, really?), but if we did why would they obey the FCC? The consensus in this discussion seems to be that Google should just allow each mail user to enter a cert (or hash thereof) for each self-signed mail server they're polling. And then each user would need to update each cert every time it changed, or the IP address changed, or whatever. But first the user would need to notice the change, which might not be easy if that email address was low-traffic. (I'm assuming we're not talking about user-controlled servers, because in such a case why not just forward?) Who would want to get a notice every time the mail server had the wrong credentials? If it's a short-term thing the user can't do anything about it. If it's a long-term thing the user might be able to do something, or she might not. She'll probably just conclude "Gmail is broken", when in fact it is the upstream server that can't be arsed to buy a usable cert and take part in the (admittedly imperfect) CA PKI. Instead they'd like the user to take part in some ad hoc PKI that they'd like Google to set up for them. Are users less likely to screw up cert management than service providers? In general, making the user do work that the service provider could do is a bad smell. This would be a giant can of worms. This scheme is not something that any other webmail provider does, and there could be security flaws that haven't occurred to us. This service would only be usable by the minority of users who can understand most of the comments on this page. Google would be blamed when things went wrong, rather than the self-signing mail servers who deserve the blame. Credit to Google for avoiding such a morass. I wonder if pg and Yegge have a similar response in the works? It seemed like HN was more interested in the theme of TMH than the accurate portrayal of the names he dropped, which really surprised me with respect to pg. Articles like this which simply report the impressions of various eyewitnesses are interesting. It was a fluid situation, evidenced by some teachers barricading students into their room (good planning; I'm sure this is standard policy for gunshots) while others were directed by police to run for a more secure location. (This last seems pretty sketchy for kindergartners: would they have any idea what or where the firehouse is, and could they be expected to run as a group without losing stragglers with only a single teacher supervising?) There are definitely cheaper ways to get SSL. The simplest might be a CloudFlare Pro account, since you won't have to migrate to a different host. (It wasn't clear how much of the $99 WPE charge was hosting and how much was an SSL surcharge. It's my impression that these surcharges vary quite a bit.) Of course the "security" to which CIOs refer is not DLP or anything cool like that (I'm not implying that DLP works, only that it's cool) but rather their own job security. IT is a cost center, and CIOs only survive when they can account their costs to other parts of the business. If e.g. marketing, sales, and accounting can honestly say they don't need anything that IT is providing, IT might not be around much longer. From an actual security standpoint, it makes sense to really evaluate how secret your data need to be, and then set up an infrastructure to support that. Individual customer demographic data should be absolutely secret, but that doesn't just mean that marketing people shouldn't upload it to Dropbox so it's easier to pull into their abominable Access DB. That means that the only people who ever see it are CSRs while they're actually talking to the customer. Then IT can add value by isolating CSR desktops on their own 802.1X-secured wired network, while providing a more open network for their other work, and encouraging a shred-all-post-it-notes policy. I think IT can make legitimate security arguments, but these can't start with "gosh Dropbox is terrible!" Dropbox and other cloud services are used because they are useful. Rather than depriving the individual employee of useful services, find services the business as a whole needs but doesn't realize it needs. I don't think Google would be too interested in providing that service, but I don't see why someone else couldn't do it. At some level though, a Google Docs that's restricted to the office or campus is strictly less useful than old-fashioned docs on your laptop's harddrive, edited by normal GUI editors. Would any user want to use that service? In general, I think you have start mistrusting employees more, though. If an employee can't be trusted not to attach rightfully-secret data to email without heroic IT efforts to prevent that scenario, maybe that employee can't be entrusted with the data period. The old "firewall" method of implicitly trusting everyone on staff with pretty much everything is quite inappropriate for most business situations. Just to clarify: are you more concerned about the Googlebot reading your documents to sell you consumer products than you are about employees attaching business or customer data to email or shared docs? Because I'm operating with a much different threat model. Email is not and never has been secure. It is sent in plaintext unsecured from one unauthenticated mail server to the next. The moment the user attaches data to an email the game is over and we have lost. Sensitive data must be kept in systems that are designed to store sensitive data, and which do not have a "forward to my gmail account" feature. That's how IT can be relevant: provide that system. You might prompt the business to reclassify some formerly sensitive data as rubbish they're allowed to play with, but then their fingerprints will be all over the corpse. Some people are going to be weirded out by this "retargeting" thing. I don't think it quite meets the level of something that privacy advocates can complain about, though. It's just an agreement from ad networks that they'll show your ads when they see your cookies in a request. Ad networks function by reading cookies, so if you accept their existence you accept the basic practice. This is just an interesting new wrinkle. If these other players could "build great mapping applications", I suspect some of them would have by now. Google really is in a class by itself here. Or a D.O.! But in general, physicians prefer the noun "physician" to "doctor". Surely we can find a better example of this supposedly widespread behavior than this. Reading that whole thread, it's clear that this Christopher guy hasn't even considered issues that are quite important to Ulrich and his collaborators. Then when his failure to consider is pointed out, instead of taking the lesson to heart he doubles down with unconvincing, unrelated arguments. That is "crap", and that's what Ulrich called it. Considering that > 90% of the people who witnessed said atrocities are no longer with us (and 100% don't read HN), the time for jokes has come at last. Actually there have been numerous humorous takes on WWII for decades now. In "jokes", people often state propositions that seem opposed to what we would hope they believe. Maybe you've been subjected to more complete DLP systems than I have, but email "within the organization" is not and never will be "secure". Every time I've seen customer demographic data emailed (although admittedly this hasn't been in the medical field), both the sender and the receiver have been employees (including myself) who weren't entitled to see that data. Organizations need to find more appropriate ways to collaborate, which don't needlessly expand the pool of people with access to sensitive data. You seem to trust a pool of 100 people, even if they have acronyms following their names, more than you trust a search engine, to not share data in legally negligent ways. That seems ill-advised to me. If the Googlebot were generating lawsuits for breach of privacy we would have heard about them. I don't think this sensitive customer data should be in Gmail, because I don't think it should be in any email system period. All deaths in the 1927 Kehoe Massacre were attributed to dynamite. Charles Whitman would have killed more in 1966 if he weren't hampered by return fire from armed civilians as well as police. I'm sure we're seeing some sample bias toward more recent events here as well. Firearm possession in elementary and secondary schools by anyone other than LEOs is prohibited by federal law. It's also true that violent crime in the USA has been falling for decades. Unfortunately I think this may be what we can expect from Coursera. If you're ready for it then it's great. (I've put Boneh's Crypto 1 in the top ten of courses I ever took.) But if you're not familiar with modular arithmetic then you're definitely not familiar with abstract algebra, in which case yeah you need to study that first. "an NP-but-non-P problem" Maybe I'm misunderstanding but if you had one of these you would have answered a fairly important question in CS theory. Perhaps you mean to say "NP-complete", but even then I'm not sure the proposition is correct. That is technology-dependent. Mercury-filled-cylinder delay lines took more energy than modern DRAM. We don't typically find gold in 1kg lumps. IIUC it is quite sparse even in the ore processed in gold mining. Surely running a bunch of connectors through an appropriate purification process would be cheaper than processing a similar volume of ore? If it's not, that tells us something too. I predict this will be the real killer app of self-assembling and -maintaining nanomachines: processing landfills into ingots of useful material. That's a pretty long range prediction however. Yeah, that's kind of what I was alluding to with my "that tells us something too" comment. We can't assume that markets are "efficient" in the general case, but we can say that there must be some point at which the ratio of the concentration of gold (or platinum, etc.) in landfills to that in mines will prove irresistible to someone talented enough to harvest it. Long before that point, recyclers will figure out which connectors they want to buy at a premium. They already are quite keen to purchase old catalytic converters. WRT letting nanomachines loose outside the landfill, I'm not actually as concerned about the "gray goo" scenario as some are. It has seldom been a problem in other engineering endeavors that mechanisms have required too little maintenance, and so in a sense all of our machines face an uphill battle. One could probably make a thermodynamic argument that a given volume of soil contains only so much potential energy, and then calculate how much gold can be moved with that. Then "if the gold concentration is below this value, do nothing" could be a good safety rule to design in. Précis: Americans are moving their residence less than they used to, and those who are moving are going shorter distances. We don't know why this is, so we're going to say that it's because Americans don't want to move as much as they used to. Too bad they won't do a study of how useless the entire TSA is. It wouldn't be hard: just randomly choose a group of airports that are allowed to go back to the previous model of private inspectors hired by the airlines. For every year that goes by with the experimental group of airports having better financial results, better security, smoother operation, and fewer passenger hardships, a few more airports will win the lottery and be allowed into the experimental group. Eventually the TSA will be studied out of existence. If you define security as "how many commercial airplanes have been flown into tall buildings", you're probably right. However, I'd also like to include such measures as "how many items have been stolen by TSA agents from luggage", "how many times does the TSA violate its stated policies", "how many bins of 'potential explosive materials' are stockpiled at security checkpoints", "how many times do red-team tests result in missed dangerous items", etc. Really I think you could use any measure of security, even one picked out by TSA personnel, and the TSA as currently constituted would do worse than a private contractor reporting to the airlines. (Even if I'm wrong, wouldn't we want to know?) The important thing is that security must be balanced against the other things I mentioned: cost of the security program, indirect costs borne by airports and airlines, and passenger experience. From a societal perspective, we also have to weigh the costs associated with encouraging travelers to drive rather than fly. I suggest googling for "tsa theft"; if they're firing hundreds of people a year every year it isn't a negligible problem. But even if more is stolen by airline employees than by TSA agents, that isn't a defense of the TSA. We couldn't fly without the airlines; we flew for decades without the TSA. There is a pretty important caveat in the comments at LBTP: "Basic machine learning breaks down under an adaptive attacker." I think ML could be a valuable extra layer for some systems, but I don't see it either solving the problems of the password or serving as a second "factor". This is partly for analytic reasons: how does ML fit into the established hierarchy of crypto primitives like e.g. hashing, authenticated encryption, etc.? Also, people are still arguing that TLS is too slow to use on many sites, but I expect ML to be slower yet. Still it's nice to see original thought about authentication. I think you'd be better off aiming a bit lower. Raising $50k for something as prosaic as a board game seems too optimistic. Would it be possible to make cheaper game pieces? $0.25 for a small chunk of plastic seems excessive when you're manufacturing 40,000 of them. Although the pieces are beautiful: much better than tokens stamped out of a flat sheet and then printed. The $35/box paper costs seem high as well. You could actually just sell the pieces in a plastic bag and tell people to use their own chessboards. If you made a cheaper version to start you could always come out with a premium version later (and possibly make two sales to your really enthusiastic customers). But good on you for not skimping. If you reach your funding goal I don't see any reason you couldn't ship this product. Could you explain this statement? Do you mean that more people drive cars than use a particular app, or do you mean the opposite? Something else entirely? OK, so this is kind of old, and the prototypes look really cool, and the product name is cool. Apparently one can be a professional product designer or even a professor of product design without understanding basic probability. They identify 4 separate failure modes, and estimate probabilities of 15%, 20%, 25%, and 5%. By my math, if these failure modes are independent, this is a 51.55% chance of overall product failure. I suspect they overestimated the probabilities of each of these scenarios, except for the 5% "acts of god" estimate. Yeah you guys will be totally safe from the twin scourges of guns and playing cards if HN people like this vacation elsewhere. ...except in this case a complex custom algorithm will make the decompressor bigger which will count against your total size. > You will do what your clients require or go broke maintaining that POV Perhaps GP is in the enviable position of having vendors he can coerce into using his choice of teleconference tools. And maybe he's in a large enough organization that he can hide in Accounts Payable and not worry about Sales. Well, no, you're probably right. Anyone who speaks that categorically is insidiously anti-client enough to undermine the business no matter where he's hiding. You're sure that the way to appeal to people who don't like being bombarded with crap games is to offer them "quality" games? Maybe they don't like any games, or at least not on their social networks? Although I'm a fairly indifferent social network user, I can't imagine my use being affected by the quality of games on offer. The more compelling a game is, the greater a distraction from the other purposes of social networks it can be. It's not as though the popularity of Facebook (or MySpace, in its time) was based on the availability of "quality" games. I can't imagine any situation in which "quality" games would have been the silver bullet you're portraying here. They wouldn't have hurt (in fact they wouldn't hurt now should such an effort start even at this "late" date). There has to be more. Something like Hangouts, or maybe even the sort of Google Reader integration we've seen over the last year. (I'll stipulate that GR sucks, but it's still very popular and most of its users have been effectively forced onto G+ to some extent.) It appears from the outside that the manager who decided not to concentrate on games made the right decision. I have no opinion of Sᴧbtle, but I can't fault Curtis's conduct in this episode. He offered a completely valid critique of the antiquated web presence of a large and poorly-managed company. When he received a response from someone involved in the production process, he republished it w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶r̶e̶s̶p̶e̶c̶t̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶c̶o̶r̶d̶i̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ [edit: OK that was a bit strong] cordially. It is unfortunate that someone lost a job in a knee-jerk corporate response to that candid exchange. Everyone likes to be employed, but I doubt even that UX person will admit to having lost a good job. I hope the next employer snapped up the person promptly, and I hope that the new organization is much less dysfunctional. Whatever the case, Curtis is responsible neither for the poor culture at AA nor for the erstwhile employee's poor anticipation of the probable response of that culture. In the meantime, I'll be unchecking "AA" on the sidebar of the Kayak site for the foreseeable future. once Google decided to do Games, it needed to do them right I don't see any support for this assertion. When was this decision taken? How many people were allocated to this "need" and for how long? Google has a vast services portfolio and a vast user base. Rather than spending cycles on a complicated area that is not a core competence, why not leverage the many services that people already use to drive interaction with G+? (Which is what Google has actually done, so far as I can tell from the outside.) To avoid setting up a new account, I found you can just hit the stop button after the main page loads but before the nag box appears. Which if anything makes this misfeature even more annoying. Thanks for the link. I hadn't seen this video before. It's really well done, and indeed is an original and convincing critique of the insufferable Twilight series. This sort of speech can only take place in a context of fair use. They had to show Ed's pasty mug so they could stake him. In all fairness, many people aren't going to want to watch, read, or associate themselves with Twilight after viewing this video. I think there is a real possibility that this maneuver could blow up in Liongate's face. Presumably there are some important decision-makers who take the argument for fair use seriously: that's why this dispute process exists in the first place. This video is an exemplar of what normal non-lawyer people would classify as fair use, if they're familiar with the concept at all. If Liongate's lawyers are willing to get in the mud over a few ad dollars (rather than the high-sounding crap we usually hear from the content industry), and they get their way, then clearly the system requires more protection for fair use. They might not have run this plan by all the suits at MPAA. >>Where are the panties in True & Co.’s business model? >You can't ship and return these items safely. Also it's not as though panties are as difficult as bras to purchase. T&C is trying to do the hard work; doing relatively unrelated easy work alongside that might be a distraction. TFA is a woman and all, but it's still tempting to consider her one of those 'old boy' industry stalwarts who are so afraid of disruption from outside that they can't imagine what it would look like. If she can find one, she should ask a travel agent what he thinks of "algorithms". [edit: formatting] I'm pretty sure that's not was what meant by GP. The story wasn't told so we would empathize with the shouting dad but so we'd be reminded of the son's situation. As in, you'd hire a bus driver? whoosh! This is a good story to know, just to motivate decision-makers to get the business on a no-indispensibles footing. It's more... vivid than the hit-by-a-bus scenario. If I might put on my amateur-analyst's hat, if your employee fucked your wife, there is a very good chance that he's been fucking you for much longer. A fresh-from-college hire might very well test his boss to see what he can get away with in the first few months on the job, especially if the employee plays the central business role described here. In many situations that youthful experimentation can be indulged, within reason. In this situation indulgence became pathological, and the employee was trapped in a cycle of escalating transgression. You have sown the wind with this employee. The second professional you should retain, after a lawyer (and indeed this will be a good lawyer's advice) is a private investigator. This guy has been robbing you. If this employee has access to business computers, that investigator should be skilled in forensic computer security. If the employee has access to the books, you'll need a forensic accountant. You might not be able to fire this guy for the ultimate transgression, but you'll definitely be able to fire him (and possibly refer him to prosecutors) for all the steps that led up to it. If your spirit is so broken by now that you can't contemplate the above then maybe you should just sell the business. It would be nice if you could keep the proceeds away from the ex, but that seems unlikely. I'm not disagreeing with you, but I'm curious: if this is a "commodity service", what competitors of BP would you recommend? I don't mean just some consultant: where can I go where the process will be similar, in that I don't have to talk to anyone and I don't have to hire anyone but I just have to enter my particulars and pay for what I want? I fear that as the practice of medicine is increasingly centralized and depersonalized, such quaint questions as "what would be cost-effective?" and "what would be good for the patient?" will be made increasingly irrelevant. The rest of the software industry should carefully consider this case before emulating the "lobbyists as salespeople" model. I'd like to see the next step, in which each iteration can run in parallel with each other iteration. The way this is done, the loop as a whole can run in parallel with unrelated code, but each iteration is only scheduled when the previous one runs. You could imagine requesting a different network resource on each iteration; in such a case the truly parallel loop would typically take much less time than this sequential-iteration loop. Someday soon, languages will make this very straightforward. I appreciate your experience (and it's good to learn that using these tools in the outpatient clinic didn't violate any regulations) but I don't think Phil is really suggesting Google Drive specifically here. He's suggesting instead that medical records should be more like a blank page (document) that physicians can fill in than e.g. a FoxPro app (dbms). Personally I think the "ideal" would fall somewhere in between. Physicians should probably be allowed to keep records however they like, but lives would be saved by the structure of a well-implemented [what a caveat!] digital checklist system. Another solution would be to have e.g. a "Completions" table indexed on user and on date. Then the RDBMS wouldn't allow duplicate goal completions for the same user and day. If you wanted to allow up to X completions/day, just add a new column to track that, and limit that column to the range [0, X). I often find that updating rows in response to transactions is a code smell. Each transaction should write one or more rows to one or more tables. Of course, if you have denormalized summary tables, they might have to update, but you only do that when you know you have to. Most families spend less than $1000/month on medical care, on average. Even for those that spend that much, presumably much of that pays physicians and nurses and buys drugs, rather than paying for IT. It would be difficult to sell e.g. Ford Motor Company on the idea that since people pay $25k for the average car, they should be happy to spend about $25k/customer on IT. The other things you "missed" seem oddly beside the point. Thanks for the explanation! I accept that healthcare is different than other industries, but even the lowest IT cost/month you cite seems exorbitant for a customer you're not billing on a regular basis (and many people can go decades without entering hospital). IT is a cost center, and this is just too much cost. It would be better if he had specifically promised not to share user tests with the general public in future. This almost feels like, "now I know I have to apologize when I share my users' private data, and in future I will apologize when I do that". I'm not really a fan of Norton's journalism, but the insinuation you've made here is execrable. You're a typical American, criticizing a victim of our judicial process rather than the evil prosecutors who distort it for their own gain. I'm an American myself. Unlike you, I've been paying attention. From here in the Midwest USA, here's the last few lines of "mtr mit.edu --report": 16.|-- ae-1-8.bar2.Boston1.Level 90.0% 10 83.3 83.3 83.3 83.3 0.0 17.|-- ae-0-11.bar1.Boston1.Leve 0.0% 10 84.5 84.0 82.5 85.0 0.7 18.|-- ae-7-7.car1.Boston1.Level 0.0% 10 83.1 83.9 81.8 92.9 3.2 19.|-- MASSACHUSET.car1.Boston1. 0.0% 10 85.1 83.7 82.3 85.1 0.9 20.|-- DMZ-RTR-2-EXTERNAL-RTR-1. 0.0% 10 89.9 88.8 86.1 94.2 2.9 21.|-- ??? 100.0 10 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 (the full name for the last listed host is "DMZ-RTR-2-EXTERNAL-RTR-1.MIT.EDU") Definitely! The theme I'm noticing, however, is that it is miraculous when a large organization ever does anything that isn't intended to enrich executives and screw over all the little people. Maybe we'll get a miracle in this case, but I won't hold my breath. incidental rather than intentional Perhaps it was originally incidental, but at this late date both prosecutors and defense attorneys know on which side their bread is buttered. They might occasionally countenance a reduction in sentences, but they'll never allow a reduction in complexity and complication to emerge from our legislatures. Our judges all begin as prosecutors [!] so even though their livelihood wouldn't be threatened they're too professionally deformed to even recognize complexity as an issue. Whether the threshold is 100K or 100M, nothing has happened yet as a result of a "successful" petition. Sure, the stupid petitions give them a chance to giggle at the rubes. The most reasonable petitions get essentially the same reaction, however. ["Legalize pot? I think we can guess what they were smoking when they signed that one! Hahahaha!"] As much as I wish it were otherwise, I expect the same for the current "fire the prosecutor" petition. Ortiz might be reassigned to a different state, but only as part of a promotion: she's been "playing ball". They want federal prosecutors to be tone-deaf automatons of sovereign vengeance out of any sense of proportion. This petition is proof that she is what they want. She'll probably print out the page and have it framed for her new office in New York or DC or wherever. nor does it imprison more people At any particular point in time, there is a greater percentage of the population in prison in the USA than there is in any other nation in the world. We have the highest incarceration rate in the world. It is reasonable to generalize that to "the USA imprisons more people". Nice non sequiturs with respect to graph scales and lead exposure, though! Our population hasn't been increasing exponentially: why would any population-based statistic be doing so, and why would we want to hide that fact if it were? Also, tetraethyl lead was used at some time in most countries, and indeed is still in common use in those that don't have strict environmental regulations. We still have the highest incarceration rate. If you're brave enough to see the real explanation for these trends, take a look at this chart: http://bjs.ojp.usdoj.gov/content/glance/exptyp.cfm I would guess the guy feels bad enough as it is without needing to get 25k people to kick him when he's down. If a federal prosecutor had ever in history allowed that consideration ("he feels bad enough as it is") to temper his zealous persecution of innocent people, then we might consider similar leniency for him. Since it has never happened, we don't need to worry about it. So true! It's also true of "real" voting in "elections". They only put up with that crap because it's so easily manipulated by the media. They'll distract us with "new" policies when they have to, but nothing will ever threaten the ever-expanding stream of money that flows through lobbyists to their employees in government and back out to the lobbyists' clients. The system won't be "fixed" using tools that exist within the system. It must be hacked, but I don't really see how. Perhaps it's a fallacy that you can be both in favor of a particular thing and also against that same thing? I have the feeling that if I heard that speech I would actually believe that Soggy is both for and against whiskey. I don't think I'd vote for him, but I would believe him. So true! Actually I think many more [non-violent] "infractions" should be civil rather than criminal matters. The classical objection to this is that then only the wealthy will be protected, but as Greenspun points out only the wealthy enjoy the protection of our current system. The least they could do is pay for it themselves. This makes sense, but it makes me think that (in the interest of having a good top post) you should have top-leveled your in-depth comment rather than responding to olalonde's as you did. Your comment then could have (and probably would have) been voted up to the top. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvNmYA3ZPPs The argument can go the other way as well, if your organization is not so hierarchical that it can't learn anything. Point at this episode as proof that when in direct competition, the organization that's open to multiple approaches and tests to discover what works, has a distinct advantage. This sentiment will really annoy the old folks. The law doesn't "work" because it can't. In the future, when more of life is like life online, we might be less "safe", but we'll be more free. The law [not "The Law"] referenced in the title, of course: CFAA. Like all USA laws, it can only be regularly enforced within the USA. Since many threats are based outside the USA, this crudely-designed law harms domestic innovation more than it reduces the overall security threat. This is covered in TFA. a comment that shouldn't even have been that inflammatory A comment to the effect of "innocent people don't commit suicide"? That's pretty obnoxious in the best of times. In the current context the result is not so surprising. I don't advocate hellbanning for any specific person, but the practice itself is so amusing that I'm glad it exists. Perhaps HN's implementation is not subtle enough, if the hellban target notices so quickly. Retaliate for what? I'm a nice guy! Really, though, after the last couple of years it seems reasonable for USA citizens to feel more threatened than protected by the CFAA, whether they're activists or they just choose to change their MAC occasionally. OK, I'll stipulate that you don't feel threatened by the CFAA. In what sense do you feel protected by it? Thanks for elaborating. Is the CFAA an effective deterrent to this sort of disruption? If the disruption is economic in nature (banking, credit card etc.), the guilty party is likely overseas. If the disruption is of a personally embarrassing nature, prosecution will only occur if the victim is famous. If the disruption is "tragic" (Lori Drew etc.), we probably don't want the law to address it. I agree that sentencing rules are a serious problem, but that problem is much more general than the CFAA. We have entirely too many people in prison. Numerous security researchers complained that the Weev/ATT case had unfortunate implications for security research. I'd argue it had even worse implications for the customers of companies whose calls US Attorneys will take. When they call the prosecutors rather than their IT staff, the customer suffers. Reasonable people can disagree about the proper form of disclosure, but surely the CFAA doesn't contribute constructively to that conversation. Indeed that is excellent advice. I'm not sure what one's options are with respect to mobile phone service (this seems like the sort of thing "Ting" might do), but I'd avoid ATT. exponentiate By this, do you mean "increase", or should we expect e.g. a process that typically takes eight years to take 64 years or 512 years? It's a real testament to the safety practices of modern aircraft design, manufacture, maintenance, and management. I'm not convinced that someone from the space industry, which by the statistics has worse results, would have anything to teach them. It would be great if some of the aircraft industry's techniques could influence IT (although admittedly many of the things we do are less life-threatening than flying at 35,000 ft). It would be even better if they could influence medicine. Far too many people die because there is no systematic measurement and analysis of medical practice. It seems like you're just assuming that everyone has a very simple, AM radio view of their government. Which of the ancestors to that comment could have led anyone to believe that? I speculate that upvoters here include fans of "Code Monkey" and "Re: Your Brains". At this point, I trust the reporting of a local newspaper more than the claims of the US Attorney in Massachusetts. I'm glad that btilly pointed out your contradiction of TFA is based entirely on that latter, discredited source. I'm sure the Kochs and their pet lawyers are every bit as awful as all the law-and-order fans (and political participation critics!) here on HN contend. On the sliding scale of evil scumbags, however, they'd have to travel for miles to catch sight of any federal prosecutor one could name. What the heck. Forcing plea bargains on 96% percent of accused is just so we can be "expedient" for the other 4%? How does that make sense? How is the prison industry to lobby for more prison-building if our current prisons aren't filled past capacity? If the accused are allowed their Constitutional right to a trial, we'll have to double the spending on courts just like we've doubled the spending on everything else! Oh, wait... http://bjs.ojp.usdoj.gov/content/glance/exptyp.cfm Keep in mind that all federal prosecutors are 100% committed to putting (especially poor and minority) citizens in prison for years for the victimless crimes of drug possession and distribution. This practice has destroyed hundreds of communities and millions of lives. There are no good apples in this barrel. Every federal prosecutor should get some portion of the punishments they're so eager to mete out. What on earth does this non-profit spend $50M/yr doing? I've come up with the following: - scan old articles (this really shouldn't be accounted as a business expense: once you've scanned an article you never need to scan it again and there are a finite number of articles in existence, thus this is that rare sort of capital spending that can be depreciated over an essentially infinite period) - serve saved content and related services online (the price of this activity is dropping all the time) - sales, accounting, legal (these activities would be much less costly for a free service like arXiv.org) - license payments (hard to get around this without some [justified IMO] changes to the law, but I'm sure JSTOR is also marking up these charges and besides most education institutions already make equivalent payments to extant journals) Granted, I've left out the gold-plated executive washroom and first-class airfare for lobbyists, but it's reasonable for society to question why JSTOR is an entity that deserves its tax exemptions. If someone feels strongly enough about an issue to give his or her life to advance it, I'm not going to contradict that sentiment. On the scale of things, the media exaggerates far worse things (e.g. they'd have you believe that violent crime in the USA hasn't been dropping precipitously over the last two decades). Also, giving one's life for a cause is a much more ethical action than taking others' lives for that reason, but it seems quite a bit rarer. (I know that Swartz is said to have suffered from depression which could be considered another factor in his suicide, but I'm specifically addressing this point which is unrelated to mental illness.) This would be better if you were a wise Latina woman. Gizmodo sez they stole educause creds from an MIT admin with a "browser exploit": http://gizmodo.com/5978039/hackers-incoherently-deface-entir... until we are reasonably sure they don't pose a danger to society / won't re-offend This might make sense for murder, but for most lesser crimes it's problematic. If someone is in the habit of getting in bar fights every few times he goes out drinking, would we be justified or even well-served to put him in jail until we're sure he would never go out drinking again? That could be decades! It goes without saying that this idea is extremely problematic with respect to "crimes" against fictitious "property" like we have here. I agree this should be a civil matter, but don't complicate matters like this. Typically, wronged parties with limited means are able to hire lawyers on contingency. That's true even if they're facing giant insurance companies that have hundreds of lawyers on retainer. The defendants in this sort of case are likely to have much shallower pockets. ...blanket statements generally don't help. The timezone is not a "presentational property". Imagine you're billing for a service and its charge varies by the local time of day that the service is provided. You can't use GMT because customers don't think and don't expect to be charged in those terms. You can't just record a bare number, because then your reporting (and much else) doesn't add up correctly. You need a timezone in this case, and not just for presentation. Please don't make it too much like dateutil; using that module requires too much doc study. I usually end up just building a few functions from scratch that do precisely what I want with datetime alone. Presumably there aren't too many passers-by in an offshore installation. Couldn't the blades be heated using some of the power produced by the turbine? In Texas, they don't convict homeowners who shoot trick or treaters trespassing on private property Please clarify. Are you trying to say that there exists any justification for this idiotic Texanity? Because there isn't, and therefore you can't logically use it to justify this other unjustifiable thing. Also, sending packets to an internet-connected device, and then reading the packets it sends back to you, is in no sense "trespassing". Trespass is being physically present in a physical location in which you aren't welcome. You can't trespass while you're physically in your mother's basement. Please don't mangle the English language. some type of criminal trespass When you send packets to an internet-connected device, and that device sends some packets back to you, that is not "trespass". You haven't "gone" anywhere, and you certainly didn't cross any "property lines". Much in the way that the copyright mafia wants to redefine "piracy" from "murder and plunder on the high seas" to "listening to a friend's MP3", numerous other bad people will be thrilled when the public accepts "SYN,SYN-ACK,ACK" as a new meaning of "trespass". I find it a lot cleaner than Cmd + Tab, Cmd + R Is that all this is? That seems like a fair amount of work for a trivial result. One challenge I would expect is the difficulty of running current from the (relatively) stationary generator (or the grid if the generator's power isn't suitable) to the rotating blades. You can't just use a wire; it would get wound around until it broke. Presumably there could be some sort of slip ring, or perhaps an inductive circuit like that found in Reelights. Of course the engineers have already solved the similar problem of running power to and from the hub that must rotate to face the wind, but that rotation is much slower than that of the rotating blades. I'm very encouraged by the provided prospectus, since it implies btilly is one of the chosen few who not only know both frequentist and Bayesian techniques but also know when to use each and when not to e.g. give a Bayesian interpretation to a frequentist technique. A prosecutor's criminal conduct in the context of prosecuting a case would never be prosecuted by other prosecutors. It would set a bad "precedent". If it were shockingly egregious criminal conduct while prosecuting a universally beloved public figure (like Mr. Rogers or Joe Montana or similar), you might see criminal charges in relation to impeachment proceedings undertaken by a legislature, but although that is possible it isn't likely. Now if a prosecutor did something horrible to children or copyrighted materials or something he might be prosecuted criminally for that, only if it had nothing to do with his work. Yes they would be. See DannyBee's response to rayiner above. ...will lead to founders doing the easy thing and simply not hiring women. Those who encourage baseless sexual harassment claims (and baseless lawsuits of all sorts) couldn't care less about the hiring of women. Those who do care about the hiring of women ought to consider making this issue a priority. Yeah this is really lame. Shouldn't they be busy with more "innovative" products? Couldn't they have just hired some non-union union protesters for this? When you're clinging desperately to the bleeding edge of social innovation, you can't allow yourself to be confined within the mundane strictures of the English language. It's been a while since I used C very much, but news like this plus the great new 21st Century C , http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920025108.do from Ben Klemens and O'Reilly has me reconsidering that. That book says those who complain the standard doesn't do enough should look at POSIX and libraries like GLib for help. Maybe ESR thinks he should have been consulted before publishing? The "ritualized" nature of mean comments on bad code seems to be in evidence on HN recently. ...the patent-holding company was still able to hire another top law firm: Quinn Emanuel. That same law firm has done loads of defense work for Google and has become the search giant's go-to patent-troll killer; it's the same firm that defended Samsung in its blockbuster showdown with Apple. This reminds me of the classic pre-emptive divorce maneuver Tony Soprano pulled: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unidentified_Black_Males#Episod... If you don't want to get sued by patent trolls, get all patent troll attorneys on retainer. It's very hard to imagine a situation in which Amazon could lock new entrants out of the video encoding market. All you need to enter this market are a fast connection and a server farm, both of which you can get for yourself or rent from numerous IaaS providers. Amazon might very well have a price advantage, but other parties that can offer better quality of service or better L10n or whatever will still attract customers. This is how markets are "supposed" to work. I like driving on roads when other drivers have car insurance. It lowers my rates, and in the event of an accident for which the other driver is liable I get money to fix my car. Surely we can come up with a less brain-dead way of encouraging immigrants to participate in the legal process than intentionally making our own roads less safe? Perhaps by making that process simpler, with more tangible benefit for those taking part. The changes you cite are an example of that. This "War on Immigration" crap is motivated by armament and prison suppliers. The danger you face on a bicycle is from motorized vehicles. You're not going to get mugged on a bike during the daytime unless you are very unwise. Ride a bike that isn't obviously valuable, don't wear fluorescent colors, don't stop to sightsee, don't stop for conversations, and don't expect your lock to help you if leave your bike unattended. In poor areas riding a bike is an indicator that you are poor or that you have lost your driver's license (which is another indicator that you are poor). As long as you don't contradict that impression you'll be fine. For instance, when I lived near LA I would regularly bike all over, including through areas such as Compton. So, the average hedge fund investor will make less money in her hedge funds than she would have made in an ETF? I realize that there are benefits in diversification, but travisp is generally correct. "ComputerGuru" is welcome to clarify, but I'm pretty sure I heard what was said. The USA does poorly in comparison with Canada with respect to open immigration, so you'll have to clarify your "insight" as well. Knowing is half the battle: http://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2011/05/im... There are still some benefits that are open to legal residents but not undocumented immigrants. These include educational opportunities, many jobs (sure a cleaning service is happy to hire undocumented but a licensed daycare center, not so much), many entitlements (immigrants with fake Social Security numbers pay in but they'll never get anything out), etc. Well this hypothesized theorem is bunk, but in what sense do we have anonymity in the USA anyway? Working immigrants, documented or not, pay far more in taxes than they extract in benefits. They all live somewhere, so their landlords pay property tax from their rent. They all buy things in stores, so they pay sales tax. Those who have fake Social Security numbers pay payroll taxes, but like all of us under 45 will never see a dime in return. I'm sure you can find some oddball exception like Obama's undocumented Auntie Z who lives high on the hog in some palatial public housing unit in Boston, but these indict stupid entitlement programs more than lax immigration. I'm not claiming that limiting entitlements to immigrants is in any way unfair. If they don't like the deal they can move back home. I do object to this topic as a specious support for the "War on Immigration". I'll echo what rektide said, but add that the flat code is easier to modify. It's easy to add another promise anywhere in the flat chain, and it's easy to add conditional logic if you need to. In addition, I think we'll see easy-to-reason-about operators built on top of the promise "primitive" that you couldn't even imagine for the nested code. this article is injurous to the case for promises. Haha I thought the same about the Crockford talk. Can you point me to a non-injurious source? Yeah that's the only kind of PE I've met. As a profession they do not impress. These guys are incapable of imagining anything they haven't done before a hundred times, let alone doing it and putting their seal on it. Anything that goes into a new model of jumbo jet should have reams of test documentation. Multiple people at Boeing would have examined and approved this stuff. If they were fooled they shouldn't have been. So the battery seems to be very important when you're somewhere with no ground generator. Like in the sky? After your engines have stopped for some reason? That could be exciting! "I design a cell to not fail and then assume it will and the ask the next 'what-if' questions," Sinnett, [Boeing's 787 chief project engineer] said. "And then I design the batteries that if there is a failure of one cell it won't propagate to another. And then I assume that I am wrong and that it will propagate to another and then I design the enclosure and the redundancy of the equipment to assume that all the cells are involved and the airplane needs to be able to play through that." OK, maybe part of this is bravado, and it seems that the failure of one cell certainly has spread to another, but so far at least no plane has crashed as a result. I think Boeing's engineers should get some credit for that? One could imagine worse results than we've seen, especially in fields of engineering that don't have aviation's safety practices. To many, a hacker is anyone who does something with a computer that is not trivially understood. To law-enforcement and the criminal justice system, a hacker is someone who commits a computer-involved crime. "To law-enforcement and the criminal justice system" the former criterion implies the latter. GS Yuasa manufactures batteries for 60 satellites and they haven't had a single failure there I wouldn't expect fire to be a common failure mode in outer space. Delays in the introduction of new models are extremely common in aerospace. If these battery issues had been noticed by the right people sooner the 787 would have been delayed more than it was. Very few airlines would have cancelled orders over that. You probably disagree with the common feeling that the prosecuted actions of e.g. Weev, Swartz, etc. would not actually be crimes in any decent society, but don't pretend you've never heard of them. To us their actions were trivial. To a trial jury or especially to a grand jury, not so much. But this specific objection actually undermines your entire argument. If justifiable trivial actions can be maliciously portrayed as crimes, so much more can justifiable nontrivial actions. It's a sliding scale anyway: I'm no über-hacker so I know that many things that are trivial to more skilled people would be initially mysterious to me. This is why just law must be based on the consideration of specific acts that either meet or fail to meet concrete widely-understood criteria. Just law does not punish acts that are in a "gray" area, which cannot be said with certainty to be crimes. When uncertainty is a basis for prosecution, the only criteria we have are the potential misunderstandings of the dumbest jury a prosecutor could possibly empanel. At that point, human innovation and happiness will cease. It seems pretty clear at this point that you did not in fact need any citations. Best comment on SO was from jpalecek, who observed that the requirement that variables be declared prevents the language from being context-free. Of course that requirement is not enforced in the parser, so you might not care about it. if we allow free immigration with full access to welfare state benefits Why on Earth would we do that? Stupid entitlement programs coupled with expanded immigration might be problematic, but there is no moral principle that states we must have stupid entitlement programs. It's not as though we drop entitlements from airplanes; people have to sign up for them using real official documents. It wouldn't be difficult to say e.g. "no Section 8 housing for people on a work visa". If you don't like entitlements then free immigration would be a good argument to use in recruiting nativists to your side. Immigration for a wide range of potential Americans we'd be wise to welcome is far more difficult now than it was fifteen years ago. That is why it's a "War on": the prison, LEO union, and armaments lobbyists only get paid when they make our authoritarian oppression more extreme than it already is. Cf. the Wars on Drugs, Terror, etc. Is it also sort of a Windows rant? It seems like he would not have these problems with iconv() or its various wrappers on POSIX. I'm surprised at Prof. Lewis's surprise that people stop at McD's specifically to use the wifi. I'd have thought that everyone had done this on occasion, although of course for many people that is a matter of convenience while out and about rather than being their only connectivity. Sure, Starbucks would be cooler but there aren't many of those in most rural areas. Hahaha. I don't agree with the sentiments you've expressed, so I have no eloquence to contribute on their behalf. While the rejoinder you offer to what you term a blanket statement is a series of blanket statements, that is but the first layer of silliness here. The invocation of Hanlon's Razor on behalf of federal prosecutors is if anything more incoherent than the amusing snippet I quoted. Does a prosecutor live today who could utter that maxim with a straight face? The burdens you would impose (affidavits? proof... of a tautology?) function to obfuscate rather than illuminate. If you desire mellifluity I suggest you take a deep look into your soul. OK, that makes sense. So the reason people on Windows do bother with this is that the Windows system libraries use UTf-16 for everything, right? (IANAWindowsDeveloper) (I had to deal with that during the years when I lived as an American overseas) As in, you had to get an employment/education/whatever visa? I'm snickering at this: I've found that we Americans have a really easy time getting whatever visas we want whenever we want. Some nations will issue a month (or longer) visa just from the airline informing them, "we have an American on board this flight". Some will issue a visa at the immigration gate. For a many-year work visa you'll typically have to go through an embassy or consulate, but as long as you don't get stuck in the same line as the Indians (this is not a statement about Indians, but about how I've seen them treated in embassies!) you're not going to have much trouble. ...it's exceedingly uncommon for people to be put into jail simply for activities inconsistent with their visa status... Which visa is it that allows a foreign national to harass, detain, and kidnap citizens without the due process of law? Does 007 have that visa? I could actually understand it if there were a more involved process for obtaining that one. There's a hilarious scene in The Guard ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1540133/ ) where all of the Irish Garda are trying to seem very respectful of Don Cheadle's FBI agent, except for Brendan Gleeson's Garda who mercilessly takes the piss out of him. Later he says, "Now I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, these men are armed and dangerous, and you being an FBI agent you're more used to shooting at unarmed women and children." Cacti are dangerous to children and adults wherever they appear. Those thorns are sharp! :) Hosting uploaded images exposes sites to a great deal of annoyance. Off the top of my head, I think it was New Zealand that had that airline notification thing, and I think that got you a 90 day business visa. That was ten years ago, and I lived in Singapore at the time, so perhaps I'm misremembering or they've changed the policy since then. I think in general the reciprocity policy you mention is a good rule of thumb, although I'm sure there are exceptions. How would this work? This proposal seems to assume that the situation of private individuals and their personal data is similar to that of big content companies and their content, except for a slightly different threat model. In fact the two situations are quite different. Jane Doe isn't publishing her credit card number and "protecting" it with DRM, as silly as that would be. It would not be possible to draft a law that did away with these natural tensions in an easy and robust way. The lines must be drawn piecemeal, with deference to but not bound by precedent. At least in this the tensions are made explicit in a way that even unsophisticated citizens can understand. (Not that any particular citizen will understand it, cf. the many Americans who completely elide "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times" from the Copyright Clause.) Eventually the nation will have the legal system the citizens demand (or is that deserve?), the laws on the books be damned. The rule of law is a tradition more than it is a text. Yeah the classy thing to do is to pay lawyers money, rather than communicating with other human beings. Never mind the fact that lawyers will accomplish precisely nothing in most cases like this. If the algorithms behind Adsense can reason about maximising [sic] revenues, [Sweeney] says they ought to be able to reason about the legal and social consequences of certain patter[n]s of click-throughs. What?!? Does not follow! You're going to have to spell it out for us morons. How on Earth could DRM help the average person? Not only do they have to upgrade their system, but they're going to have to replace most of the course material for "Week 3: Architecture, or Just Use Google Docs". Never attribute to incompetence that which is adequately explained by avarice. This is just like Goldman Sachs, deliberately confusing the customer and then making money off that confusion. When GoDaddy did this to me I let the (somewhat unimportant, fortunately) domain lapse and bought it back with Hover. It's up to you whether this is strange or not, but the effect you're looking for is the definition of even numbers . I don't find the GP's argument credible, but this really isn't a contradiction of it. I agree that losing the hard equipment would make the game safer (take a look at rugby or Aussie rules: much safer similar sports), but I don't agree with the implication that the owners of the NFL ever had a nefarious plan to add equipment so that the game would become watchable (again, take a look at rugby or Aussie rules: very watchable similar sports). The point of the article is that even the "healthy" players are receiving regular head trauma that has devastating cumulative effects. A typical one- or two-year pro isn't getting set for life. Much less the average college football player, who donates his time and health for the benefit of people and organizations who are already wealthier than anyone else he'll ever know. They all feature teams of players throwing, kicking, carrying, and sometimes punching an oblong ball on a long field with goal posts at either end. The object of all games is to advance the ball in a direction opposite to that of the other team, and then to score a varying number of points depending on how one moves the ball into a scoring area or kicks it between goal posts. Rough play is encouraged, and body tackling is the basic means of defense, so these games are all (with the exception of rugby union: the entire game is spent listening to the referee holler "pause, engage!" while the scrum falls apart) more enjoyable to play and watch than the sport upon which they're allegedly based. They're all more similar to each other than any of them are to baseball or tennis. Besides, the only similarity that counts for this analysis is the nature of the head trauma involved: men carrying a ball run while other men attempt to tackle them bodily to the ground. You should use medians rather than averages for this analysis. The median salary for those who play an entire season before getting cut is around $800,000. The median career length is not reported anywhere I can find. Since all sources besides the NFL claim the average career is 3.5 years, I'll overestimate the median to be 3 years. So, rather than $12M, we should be talking about $2.4M for a median career, and that's just those who play an entire year before getting cut. Since the NFLPA is toothless most NFL "contracts" allow a player to be cut at any time for any reason and then he doesn't get any more money. In those sports it is very rare for players on opposing teams to and run directly at each other from 10s of yards/meters away. In the absence of padding and helmets this would be rare in American football as well. Oh sure players would run toward each other. But the results would be a rugby-style wrap-arms-and-pull-down tackle rather than an NFL-style airborne earhole clock-cleaning. I agree with most of your other points; the NFL may well be safer now than at any time in the modern era. I doubt it will ever be safe , however. I expect we'll eventually see a new bitcoin instance for items and gold in an MMORPG. Actually it seems to me that bitcoin could govern more than that: basically any random event ("you made a wooden shield") could go into the blockchain. This is an interesting description even if it probably isn't completely true. It's amusing that anyone would be disappointed to learn this. Orange juice is sugar water. I don't think anyone gets worked up about how Mountain Dew is produced. Thanks for being so open about this. I've worked from the IT side with a lot of different accounting folks, and I can't imagine any of them sitting in on meetings in which changes of this sort were discussed without pitching a fit. I've tried and failed to get much smaller changes approved. (E.g., a change to G/L journaling configuration in our customer billing application that would have made absolutely no change to output but would have made supporting new products MUCH easier.) I would have thought that a business large enough to have a controller (and an ex-controller!) would have someone defending the billing process. I guess you became that person... Maybe this is off-topic, but having worked at a Lucent acquisition in 1999, I recommend buying put options to form a straddle with whatever stock options you get in the deal. If you can expect anything from an acquisition, it's volatility. (IANAL, but this probably isn't legal if you're an executive.) Yeah that's what I meant; although I think typically acquirers offer bonuses in (call) options rather straight stock for those current employees of the acquired company whom they wish to retain. If you buy the corresponding put options and the acquirer tanks you won't have to wait for vesting to make money either. If the acquirer does well then maybe working for that company isn't so bad. It's very possible that the costs or terms of available options would make this unfeasible. It's just something one thinks about when all his options are underwater. [crickets] The creation of better soybean strains could be financed by prizes and contests rather than by military procurement. For example, see the Longitude Prize, the Anxari X Prize, or the crypto primitive contests that NIST regularly runs. The fact that giant corporations are involved with progress in our society is not proof that progress would cease without the involvement of giant corporations. The concern was that the "terminator" gene would force poor farmers to buy seeds every year, and they alleviated that concern by instead forcing poor farmers to buy seeds every year by contract? Let me guess, the "stakeholders" we have in mind here are trial lawyers? Sometimes the technological solution really is better than the "social" solution. It leads me to wonder just how effective this terminator thing really is. Does the gas company do a great deal of R&D? Sure there's R&D involved in extraction and refining, but you seem to be talking about distribution. I think you may be talking about the (incorrect) idea that large infrastructure assets must be protected by state-enforced monopoly. Large infrastructure assets do not need this protection, and I blame Ma Bell for popularizing the idea (at least in the USA) that they do. There's actually a huge natural gas rollout taking place in my community right now: http://www.summitnaturalgas.com/view/92 This is a large investment, which involves laying hundreds of miles of pipe and boring under the Lake of the Ozarks in three different places (in one location parallel to a privately-funded highway bridge). I understand that investors expect to be paid back over decades. Yet, no one appointed Summit to do this work, any more than anyone appointed Google or Monsanto to do what they do. Anyone in the world with an internet connection and a server farm is free to compete with Google. On day one when they turn the tap on their pipeline, Summit will be competing with numerous propane suppliers, the local incumbent electric companies, and even the long-term possibility (however remote) of another group building another natural gas pipeline. If Summit and Google don't need state protection, why would Monsanto? Hahaha, that's a handy redefinition of "genetic defect", but I doubt Steven Jay Gould would agree... Actually the vast majority of soybeans are processed into useful products like shoyu, livestock feed, plastics, etc. If the viable soybean were a needle in a haystack, no farmer would bother looking for it. We're talking about different things here. A more productive, disease-resistant strain of soybean (or maize, rice, sweet potato, etc.) is of obvious benefit to the whole of humanity, and could be the goal of any charitable organization, philanthropist, government, or corporation. (I imagine that the increased sales of Roundup herbicide would be at best a minor criterion in the reckoning of most such institutions.) Better diabetes treatment would allow fat old Westerners to keep stuffing their gobs in relative comfort for a few more decades. I agree that no other sort of funding mechanism would be likely to bring about that latter, more dubious benefit. I have no quarrel with those who bring new airplanes, soybeans, or medicines to market. I do quarrel with those who want to undermine the rule of law in society to make those efforts more profitable. For millennia farmers have replanted seeds; the activity is the basis of agriculture. Monsanto didn't own the beans this farmer planted, nor did they own the plants that bore those beans nor the elevators that stored them. They might have sold him Roundup, but if they felt they should be better rewarded for that then they should have charged him more. The court system does not exist to salve the butthurt that Monsanto executives get when their schemes of control and coercion go awry. There's entirely too much control and coercion in modern agriculture in the USA already. If as a result of these proceedings Monsanto were to find that it couldn't charge a premium for its bean varieties, it might very well decide to charge a premium for its Roundup herbicide. That would change incentives in modern agriculture for the better. Instead of committing every year to excessive sunk costs for the purchase of patented seeds, which later in the season induce additional purchase of Roundup to protect that investment, farmers would be more willing to "wait and see" and try different combinations of weed control methods. Roundup use wouldn't cease, but it would be seen more accurately as a more expensive option and so its use would probably decrease a bit. Monsanto would be welcome to bump prices even more if they thought that would help. I don't support the government even having access to billions of dollars, let alone handing them out to anyone, and I struggle to see how my initial comment could have left such an impression. I do see the extant patent regime as a pillar of modern state capitalism, which tends to reinforce the power of state bureaucrats rather than undermining it. I appreciate that bias and appreciate your admission, but I don't share it. I view life as a hungry equilibrium. It has existed on this planet for a long time, and has endured much worse shocks than Monsanto can produce. In the long run biologists will simply see the contributions of intelligent life as another source of genetic variability. That isn't to say that humans always have good ideas about genetic changes: consider the dachshund. Only planetary-scale events have the potential to really screw things up for life per se. I think we can agree that as harmful non-inherited transmissible genetic variation goes, the terminator gene (if it actually works; do we really know why Monsanto didn't buy Delta & Pine?) is probably the least worrisome. A gene that acts against reproductive fitness is not one that will ever be common in nature. As for other variations, patented or not, I expect most will be out-competed outside carefully controlled environments. Few domestic chickens live long in a predator-rich environment. Roundup tolerance itself is unlikely to enhance fitness in the absence of someone willing to pay Monsanto thousands of dollars every year. Those few human-created variations that can establish themselves in wild populations, if we ever discover such, I'm just going to call evolution. The spectre of the super-weed seems silly to me: the essence of a weed is that, in the absence of human intervention, it crowds out plants that humans like. Roundup is only agriculturally valuable for cultivation of varieties that tolerate Roundup; if weeds gained that tolerance it wouldn't be a net loss for humanity.