I don't think it should be about blame at all. It's about identifying causes, so you can fix stuff and prevent it from happening again. You can't blame any individual black or white person for what happened, unless he was personally involved in it. But you can identify what happened in specific communities and sub-communities in order to understand the processes at work. If you don't want to do that because some communities happen to be dominated by certain skin colors, you'll never understand exactly what happened. And let's face it, in the US, skin color matters. It might not be right, but for cultural and social reasons, many people do tend to hang out with people of the same skin color, however silly that may be. I love these kind of projects. We desperately need independence from the Visa/Mastercard monopoly over international transactions. I very much like the 0-click results from DuckDuckGo. But if you want something else, Qwant ( http://www.qwant.com/ ) has something similar. (Possibly even better; I haven't compared it yet.) I don't think it's reading the books that people object to; it's giving money to someone who may use it to campaign against basic human rights. Linux was never intended to be truly innovative. It was intended to be a free/open unix. There was a strong demand for an open source unix that could be expanded upon, and there was none, until Linus released linux. There was minix, which was a lot more innovative (microkernel), but Tanenbaum wanted to keep it strictly for educational purposes, simple and easy, and didn't want to turn it into a big system with all the bells and whistles that linux got. Had FreeBSD been released earlier, that might have had the position that linux has now. Sounds prone to crashes. This is not a modern lens. People back then also called it bad. I remember when Windows 95 was released, people mockingly called it MacOS 89, RiscOS 88, or AmigaOS 85. The line between really great and really creepy is very thin here. Yes, I too would vastly prefer working in a diverse work environment that includes women, over working in a place that doesn't hire women on principle, or does hire them, but they quickly flee. But I would not want to work in a place that treats women as a commodity, or tries to attract male programmers with them. It's a matter of attitude, and that attitude does show in the way you present this as a perk. They can't outright refuse to handle DMCA requests, but they can stop automated handling of such requests. If I understand correctly, big content holders get special tools they can use to remove infringing content from some Google services (YouTube at least; not sure about search results). If they abuse that special access, Google can take away these privileges and double check everything manually. That takes a lot of time, and means that the infringing content will remain accessible for a longer time. Ah, but didn't the US also pioneer secret trade agreements? I can see FB and Google splitting into a US-based main company and an EU-based subsidiary. EU users will be handled by the EU company and US users by the US company. Exactly. Friendly communities attract more people. Linus gets away with it because there's tons of people who want to work on his projects, and he can afford to alienate some talent. Others don't have that luxury. I've heard of plenty of people who prefer one language over another because of the nicer community. Eventually that should mean that projects with friendly communities are more successful. I thought it was about coke, which is normally white, as far as I know. (No personal experience.) I always thought the fear of Lyme was exaggerated (though I'd learned to remove ticks carefully). But this spring, a niece got a really bad case of Lyme. Spent a long time in the hospital, and is still recovering. I don't know all the medical details, but I suspect she'll have to learn to live with aching joints for the rest of her life, which is hopefully a long time; she's 8. The people need a third party to switch to. The current two-party system leads to a serious lack of democracy. Back in 2004, I had 200 sites open in Opera. Worked fine on my Pentium II except for closing Opera, which took 15 minutes. Nowadays I use Chrome, Firefox and Safari on two different machines, and they all have multiple open windows each with dozens of open tabs. I'm pretty good at bringing any machine to its knees. My biggest problem was when Safari gave up and decided not to remember what was actually in those tabs. That sucked. Or at least, it felt sucky at the time. I have no idea what was in them either, so I don't really miss them. I suspect it means there's something on the Internet that I haven't read. To me, Americans with III after their name always look like they're pretending to be royalty. Where I live, only monarchs have that (and only after their first name). But some say it better than others. Fortunately this is more than compensated by the extreme rise in wages for CEOs and other high management positions. ACLU does quite a bit more than just support gay marriage, though. If they do a lot of things you think are great, and a few you're meh about, it's still good to donate. The people who donate primarily for the gay marriage fight don't get to earmark their money either. If there was ever any remote chance of me visiting the US, this definitely kills the last remains of it. Please, please fix your country. (Because I really do want to visit. Just not while it's this broken.) Exposing crimes by the government is good, no matter how illegal it is. I agree entirely with the article that Bezos' claim that he'll resist threats of being put through the wringer sound a bit hollow considering he caved to a simple request. Yes, it was perfectly legal for him to pull Wikileaks. However, that fact that he pulled Wikileaks when he didn't have to (there was no court order or anything like it), showed that he isn't the big defender of free press that he claims to be. Wikileaks was publishing on US war crimes and various secret shady dealings by various governments. Illegal or not, it's stuff that needs to be published. Bezos removing it before he was court ordered to, definitely counts against his credibility as a defender of the free press. > may have bought the Washington Post simply because he hated backing down in 2010. Interesting perspective. I hope it's true, but if it is, I'd appreciate if he said so. The US government seems to think the entire world is basically the American Empire. Everybody can handle their local issues as they see fit, but they can't make any demands of the US, no matter how reasonable, and they have to obey any demands from the US, no matter how unreasonable. Only the US, its interests, and (to some extend) its voters count. The US is Rome while we're Gaul. We're fine as long as we accept their supremacy. But the US is becoming increasingly oppressive. The Snowden case is just one of many examples of that. There are a lot of people in the US who'd like the US to be equally oppressive. Really, not the best of examples here. On the whole, it seems that the US is somewhat less oppressive than Russia, but a lot more than most European countries. Particularly disgusting is that many European countries haven't condemned US behaviour regarding Snowden, and even seem willing to act as US vassals. I guess I should also keep an eye on UX gigs then. I'm a programmer and tended to ignore UX positions because I figured it might be a whole separate discipline. But I can do javascript just fine. (I'm not much good at graphical design, though.) And I'm sure they'll figure out ways to make it more addictive. I've felt like this at every company I worked for, and not just at startups. At the start, I'm learning tons of new stuff, solving new problems, growing a lot of lots of different ways, and that gives me energy to put in way too much work. Eventually that slows down; I've seen those problems before, it's just another feature on some thing I've already worked on, and it starts to feel repetitive. I just need something new every once in a while. I thrive on change, apparently. (My brother doesn't; he's been working at the same company forever.) The problem is: I never get around to my own projects; when I started at a new job, all my energy goes into that. When it turns into an old job, that extra energy is gone. I never have the surplus energy for my own stuff. > I always feel like "just another dev", bored and ultimately like my potential is being cut short. I always had that too. Especially about the potential; I knew I could do so much more than I was showing at all the companies I worked for, but I had no idea how to show it. I quit and became a freelancer. Messed about with my own projects for a bit, did some small freelance work, and now I'm at a big freelance job at a company that's larger than any I'd worked for before. And from day one, I'm contributing beyond what I normally contribute. I'm taking on leadership roles that I normally wouldn't. I make more strategic decisions than every before. I don't know if it's that this company has just the right culture for me, or maybe it's that ultimately I'm a freelancer and my own boss, and therefore I feel far more responsible for my work. I want to sell myself and keep selling myself through my work. Or maybe it's because starting my own company forced me to step way outside my own comfort zone; I have to negotiate contracts, hire an accountant, decide how to invest in myself; I need to think business, and that doesn't come naturally to me, but I do it. And maybe that's what gives me the confidence to take more charge, take more initiative, and keep moving forward in my every day work. And I've got plans inside this large company (my client) beyond my current project. I see ways in which I can mean more to them, help them with more fundamental organizational problems; I see ways in which I can make myself more valuable (and thus more expensive) to them. Whatever it is, I love it so far. And when I stop loving it, I'm free to do something entirely different. I'm my own boss. > you chose to jump into nothing rather than parlay your way to something else. Seems a little impulsive. Impulsive is a red flag Sounds impulsive, but doesn't have to be. It's possible to make that jump after long and thorough consideration. It took me years and a couple of jobs before I finally dared to quit and start my own thing. Not everything I did with my own thing worked out well; spent a lot of time finding my own way, wasted a lot of time, made almost no money in my first year. I did some freelance work, now working on a bigger freelance gig, but I'm really hitting my stride now, and can't wait to go back to my own projects. I'm not a natural entrepreneur. It took me ages to make this step. Nobody in my extended family has their own company; they all work for a salary. Nobody likes this kind of risk, but I love it. I love the freedom and the uncertainty. I love the risk. It was a tough decision, and it still seems impulsive compared to a steady salary, but it was the second best decision of my life. (The best was marrying my wife, but that one was surprisingly easy.) > Why would you quit without another job lined up? You must have a ton of money already saved to cover the rent and feed the children. If you've got children, you hopefully also have a spouse with his/her own income. I'm fortunate that my wife makes enough to pay the entire mortgage on just her income, so my money goes mostly to child care and various extras and luxuries. With a bit of savings we can make it for quite a while. If you're maintaining a family on a single income, then yeah, that kind of step is rather irresponsible. But if you live on your own, you'll have your hands free for anything. I've never had anyone ask about the gaps in my CV. Never. I've been unemployed after the dotcom crash. Nobody cares. Last year I messed about on some of my own stuff. Everybody thinks it's fine. They just want to hire me. Admittedly it's possible that my CV looks a lot more attractive than the average CV, but personally I wouldn't know why. It's possible the job market in Netherland is better than in the US, though. > You insult people who have experienced a police state by calling what we are experiencing a police state. I think you insult their experience much more by allowing your country to become a police state while denying what's happening. It's true, it could be far, far worse. But that doesn't change the fact that the US is rapidly moving into that direction. The fact that the executive branch and the legislature both support the police state, doesn't make it any less of a police state. Yes, you can call it something else, but a police state by any other name stinks just as much. On the subject of whether it's a police state, illegality is irrelevant. If the law makes it a police state, it's still a police state. He hasn't sacrificed his life in the sense that he's dead, but he has sacrificed it in the sense that he left behind the quite comfortable life he had back home. And if he gets extradited, who knows what kind of punishment he'd receive. He was willing to risk his liberty and possibly his life for his country. That makes him a hero by any reasonable definition. It's definitely becoming clear that the US stopped being a suitable country for companies interested in providing such services. Why does it have to be Paypal? They've already proven themselves unreliable in cases such as this. I don't know about coffee, but I've figured out when tea becomes a problem. There have been times when I drank 4-6 liters of tea per day. If I'd quit cold turkey, the next day I'd get a growing, eventually stabbing headache, nausea, and eventually vomiting. But it's very easy to kick: one or two days of drinking 1 or 2 liters and I'm fine. Even less might probably work; I've had times when I was worried that I didn't reduce my tea consumption in time, and I just drank some cola and was usually fine. (I don't like cola. I just drink it to ease down my addiction.) I never actually noticed any significant fogginess as far as I remember. With cafeine, going cold turkey is more likely to be accidental. You don't realize how addicted you are, go somewhere where you don't have access to cafeine (a weekend of sailing, for example), and on the second day the withdrawal hits you. Next time: bring a few cans of cola to drink during the first day, and you're okay. No idea. Though I do get a dry mouth quite easily. 2 liters of fluid is about the minimum per day (you need more if it's very hot). It doesn't have to be tea, of course, but I have a tendency to drink nothing but tea. Tea is often assumed to be utterly harmless and just as good as water, but I have my doubts that's still true at the volumes I used to drink it. Nowadays I drink just 2 or 3 liters. I basically drink per pot, and one pot is about 1 liter (depending on size). Always one for breakfast, one or two at work, and maybe one in the evening. Okay, so I guess it's 4 liters. Still better than the 6 it was. I believe tea leaves have more cafeine than coffe beans, but coffee tends to be made far stronger than tea. From what I understand, steeping your tea very short won't help much in reducing the cafeine in it; cafeine enters the hot water in the first half minute. You'd barely have any flavour if you steep that short. Make employees co-owners. Then they have more incentive to care, and their voice counts in the direction of the company. It's not just someone else's problem anymore. He's probably using social security and medicare more than defense. The chance that he gets sick or unemployed is probably a lot larger than the chance that the US gets attacked or significantly threatened. Knowing that you're covered in case anything goes wrong is enough to make the taxes worth it. > First of all the comment he was replying to was talking about services like housing, transportation, and healthcare, which already are provided by the market and aren't really things the government has any advantage in. As for all the stuff it does pay for, at best it costs exactly the same amount as you have to pay in taxes. But the government spends money on a lot of other things with your taxes that don't really benefit you. So you would save a decent amount of money. And with no competition, the services they do provide cost a lot more then they probably could. Healthcare is one area where a collective (i.e. by the government) approach has a definite advantage. Privatized health care and health insurance is a lot more expensive. The US has the highest medical costs in the western world, yet many people are lacking very basic medical care. The second most expensive country (at roughly half the cost per capita) is Netherland, where health care is semi-private, semi-government, and health insurance is private but regulated and compulsory in order to provide a uniform standard for everybody. And surrounding countries (where it's cheaper) have better health care at least in some areas. I don't have numbers, but I expect that the cheapest and highest quality medical care in the western world will be in some country where health care is strongly dominated by the government. > Everyone pays their taxes to avoid having their property stolen or going to jail. The fact that force isn't applied unreasonably doesn't mean it isn't there. Just like everybody doesn't steal from their neighbour or kill people who anger them in order to avoid going to jail. That doesn't mean there's anything wrong with taxes; it means we live in a civilized society with some basic standards of behaviour. > There are people that don't consent. At best you could say the majority consent. You can justify it by saying it's better than any other system we know of, but not that people consent to it. The same goes for any law. I'm sure there are people that disagree that theft or murder should be illegal. Or slavery, for that matter. And those are the extreme cases. For every law, there are some who don't agree with it. Should every law only apply to those who agree with it? Laws would lose their meaning. Can you name a country that has the system you want, and has it work better and cheaper than most of the western world? The US is the example of the most privatized health care, and it's almost twice as expensive as the #2 most expensive country. That #2 country has a semi-privatized system. Exactly. I have some doubts about Soylent, but the only real argument this article provides is: different people have different nutritional needs. Fine. So how well does normal food adjust to those needs? Who the hell tunes their food intake exactly to their needs? Do we even have the science to determine what your personal needs are? The vast, vast majority of people simply eat what tastes good. Or even just what's available. Some people try to stick what they think is healthy, but they often do that on a much narrower scientific basis than Rhinehart uses. Lots of people follow thoroughly unhealthy diets hoping to lose weight for a few months become they gain it again. Soylent, in contrast, is pretty easy to tune to your needs, once you're aware of them. You're not stuck with whatever the nutritional value in your favourite food is, you can actually tweak it (or let a qualified nutritionist do it for you). In the future, I can imagine Soylent dispensers that dispense your perfect mix when you insert your chipcard with your nutritional needs. So despite the author's dislike for amateurs, his only argument sounds to me like it's in favour of the direction Soylent is taking. Of course it's a play on the movie. Where do you get the weird idea that it might be unintentional? I don't know how they could have worded it better. More detail about the author: "Greg Stevens is an ex-academic and corporate mathematician who writes about science, philosophy, history, fitness, politics and the intersections between them." So he's every bit as unqualified as Rhinehart. He can't possibly have been unaware of the fact that the movie is far better known than the book. Even if he meant it as a reference to the book, he must have been aware of the movie. That 10% probably consists of candy for the kids and alcohol for the adults. I don't think anyone is arguing that Soylent could replace breastfeeding (though there are plenty of people who use something similar: formula). But for everybody else, Soylent sounds a lot easier to customize to personal needs. You can avoid allergens without losing the required nutrients, you can tune the amount of sodium and potassium to whatever you can deal with, etc. With normal food, you don't get that kind of fine-grained control. Wait, is your argument that because we don't know, we shouldn't try to figure out? This is my only real worry about Soylent. Most of the argument people make against it make little sense (including this article). The only thing I can imagine being a problem is the fact that our digestive tract is made to extract nutrients from stuff and poop out the remains. If we only get the nutrients without the crap to poop out, much of our digestive tract has little to do. And physiology tends to revolve around "use it or lose it". Astronauts living weightless for a significant time lose muscle and bone mass because they don't need it. If you eat nothing but Soylent for a year, will you still be able to handle normal food? That's really the only significant problem I can think of with the Soylent approach to eating. And it could be a serious one, though I suspect it's easy to mitigate by mixing the occasional real meal into the mix. I honestly have no idea whether 1% is good or bad, but which depends on a lot of factors: What's the chance that this company is going to make it? 1% of nothing is nothing. If they make it, how big are they going to be? 1% of $1 million isn't all that much either. But if they get bigger than that, it very quickly becomes very worthwhile. How much salary do you get? Equity can make up for low salary, but if your salary is okay, any equity is bonus. Titles are meaningless. I'm my own boss now. I could call myself CEO or Extra-Senior Architect or something. I just call myself Programmer. Absolutely. It doesn't matter much what your reason for the gap is, as long as you make it sound like something you were in control of. Something that you chose, based on your own life priorities. Don't sound like a victim. For some reason, this article is blocked from my work due to proxy avoidance. Somehow seems fitting. Gall-Peters clearly has the best PR, since it always gets mentioned as the primary candidate for a replacement map. And while it's definitely more suitable for getting a good "feel" for the world than Mercator, the enormous shape distortions still don't make it a very good map. There are better ones out there. Personally I'd prefer a map that emphasizes that the world is actually a sphere, rather than a rectangle. I also have a soft spot for Dymaxion, although I don't use Dvorak. I get the impression that calling it Peters instead of Gall-Peters is a good sign that the speaker is a Peters-evangelist, rather than someone who actually cares about cartography. I do, though not as much as I used to. Everything can be negotiable. But it's important to know exactly what your pull is in the negotiations. I recently negotiated a recruiter out of their standard contract for freelancers, and had them accept my proposal for a contract. This only happened for two reasons: there was some bad stuff in that contract that I really didn't want to agree to, and if they didn't sign a contract with me, I could go directly to their client. They had no power over me, and we both knew it. Good unions are great. For employees, for the economy, and even for the employers. I don't understand how American unions got so crazy and self-destructive (or if they're not, why so many Americans are convinced the are). You need to fix both of course. The broken political situation needs to be fixed, but communication protocols need to be improved too. And of course, as long as the current political situation in the US lasts, cloud services in the US cannot be trusted. Run your own server, or use a server abroad. I lot of people were hoping Obama was the start of a new direction. I'm now hoping he'll be the last of the old direction. The big problem to solve is: how do you elect someone different? As long as the two parties get to decide who American can elect, democracy is a hollow gesture. And the media are all in the pocket of the main parties. Honestly, it seems like only Al-Jazeera US might be the only independent news station. Thugs. That's the first thing in my mind. The UK government employs thugs to intimidate people and destroy property. This kind of subject makes it really hard not to Godwin the thread right away., because you know what other government used thugs to intimidate and destroy. That doesn't change the fact that the Guardian is standing up for press freedom, and they're doing it very well. I'm sure there are other newspapers that would have done the same, but that in no way lessens what the Guardian is doing. > This is not surprising since "pj" guards his privacy and anonymity. "Her". Pamela is a woman. I think the real problem is in your head: your anxiety about job interviews is sabotaging something you're otherwise perfectly good at. You need to be more zen about this. More laid back, relaxed, confident, or something like that. You've probably been raised with the idea that job interviews are Very Important. Let go of that idea. It's just a chat with another programmer who's equally ill at ease with the situation. Imagine you're just having a coffee, or maybe discussing something at a seminar or something. He's not the boss; you're equals. When he asks the wrong question, let him know. Suggest changes. Discuss what YOU want to discuss instead of letting him dominate the conversation. Of course it's still possible that he's inflexible about it. That tells you something about your prospective co-worker, and possibly the corporate culture. In a driving test, you still get to actually drive. A driving theory exam is a better comparison. My best technical interview was a take-home programming assignment. I could ask questions by email. After a week, I would present my work to the other programmers and they'd ask questions about why I did something a certain way. Best interview process ever, and that company had excellent programmers and the lowest employee turnover I've ever seen. The acquisition of YouTube isn't that recent. It's been thoroughly integrated with Google's other stuff for quite some while now. The problem is that they want to make G+ the center of everything, and that's a stupid assumption. I mean, I love G+, and my YouTube account now also sports my G+ avatar, but it's obvious that that kind of integration isn't for everyone. There are older examples of problems with G+ integration: a year ago or so, G+ had that stupid "normal name" policy, and people who used an unusual name had their G+ account blocked. And if your G+ account was tied to a GMail account, that was also blocked. But if you only had a GMail account without G+, Google didn't complain if your name was unusual. The main thing that sort of stuff accomplishes, is that it gives people a good reason not to use G+. They have their own domain name. How are they not distinct? If you used a single site for gmail, youtube and G+, integrating it all into a single service, then you'd have a point. But they're different sites, different services. It's nice if you can use a single account for them all, and if it's easy to move content from one to the other, but that's not the same thing. I think I'm going to trademark "software". Looks good. My old CV originates at Linkedin labs, which had some nice templates a few years ago. Using LaTeX is a particularly nice touch, because now I can tell recruiters that I really don't have a Word version of my CV. Now if only they actually start selling this thing in my country, I might consider buying it. Why do manufacturers insist on making their devices so slippery? My old phone (in dire need of replacement) is all rubberized steel. It doesn't slide off anything, and it's practically indestructible. Why doesn't anyone make a phone like that? They need to be more Lean! The post-lunch dip can also be prevented by having a healthier lunch with less carbs (especially sugar and highly processed carbs). Go for a salad with meat or egg, and whole grain bread if you really need bread. And not more than one piece of bread. This has helped me a lot. They're experimental. They're used for experimentation, not production. I'll tell that to my brother-in-law. He writes thrillers featuring a "corporate trouble shooter" specialized in "fortunate accidents" as protagonist, and he pretends to be his main character on social networks. This would be just perfect for him. Despite popular perception, there's more to Netherland than just Amsterdam. Some towns are quite a bit older. Some date back to Roman settlements. Still, building materials mean that buildings from before the 16th century are incredibly rare. Yeah, outright lies like that are definitely bad. But various recruiters have asked me to add some skills to my CV that I personally considered not interesting enough to mention. Like Scrum. I've worked in Scrum, and I love it. But I didn't really consider it a skill until recruiters pointed out that clients wanted clear Scrum experience. I've listed SOAP. Is it a skill? It's fairly trivial to work with. (Though I'm amazed some people manage to mess it up. Tools do everything for you. How do you mess that up? But somehow they do.) But I've got experience with it, so I list it, though I'm hardly a SOAP guru. I don't list Linux, because I'm no system admin. I do know my way around the command line, but everybody programmer can do that, right? Right? So I've got some skills listed that I consider fluff, but they're not lies. I consider them fluff because they don't really add much, and are certainly not on the same level as a language or framework, but I list them anyway because hiring managers care about them. I've never actually interviewed at a company that interviewed like this. Is this the usual way in the US? This is utter genius! Best product tie-in ever. Nice scrolling effects too. Almost enough to make me buy a KitKat. My browser can display the entire history and allows me to skip right to where I want to go. In Amsterdam, it activates the clicking sound for blind people. Very convenient if you're blind, I presume (I've never been blind for long enough to give it a try). When I was young, on my route to school there was a bicycle crossing that worked like this. Cars always have green unless there's a car approaching from the side street. Bikes always have red unless they press the button. So when I approach at reasonable speed and see that the cars have green, I have to stop, press the button, and then build up all that speed again. Nobody does that. Until there was a police car hidden just after that crossing. I suspect it was a very good day for fines. This isn't the Tesla of bicycles, it's the Tesla of mopeds. Bikes don't need a Tesla equivalent, and this isn't powerful enough to be a motorbike. It's a moped. Weight has nothing to do with it. Cargo bikes are heavier than that. But it's motorized and can go up to 65 kph, and that matters a lot. 49kg is not too heavy to be considered "a sort of bicycle". Modern cargo bikes can be up to 60 kg, and I suspect classic cargo bikes are a lot heavier than that, yet they're all "a sort of bicycle", just not a very fast one. What disqualifies this as "a sort of bicycle" is the fact that it's powered. Well, there are power-assisted bicycles, but they don't generally go up to 65 kph. Mostly, this is a kind of moped that wants to look like a bicycle. This is really where unit tests will save your hide. I never did any truly dramatic rewrite, but there was one project (fairly new, even) that had one very badly written, very badly understood module. I started out writing unit tests for it. There weren't any, so I wrote them until I had unit tests that tested everything. Those unit tests also document the behaviour of the module. So then I started asking people what it was really supposed to do. Then I refactored it into something more maintainable. Only after that did I change the unit tests to reflect the behaviour the module was supposed to have, and based on that I finally wrote the code we needed. The unit tests were my anchor in the storm. They keep me grounded. They mean I can do anything to the code, while keeping tabs on the impact my changes have. The main thing you can do is to not use PayPal. Unfortunately there's not really a good international online payment system. Netherland has the excellent iDeal system, and I wish the rest of the world would start using that or something indistinguishable from it. PayPal and credit cards are just too unreliable. That should definitely be illegal. Most of the phone market is very transparent. It's just the roaming charges that make them feel like a bait and switch. Higher monthly fees are better than roaming charges, because there's clear and transparent competition there. In my experience, shit code tends to start with a competent developer solving a problem in a way that seemed reasonable at the time, and then requirements changing, new features getting added, and everything is in a hurry so it never gets refactored. Well, sometimes I do see code that's really very bad and I can't imagine how someone was ever able to type something like that, but that's rare. Usually it's competent people with the best of intentions but as lack of ability to predict the future. I've been programming professionally for over 10 years, and when I see some weird code, I still try to figure out who wrote it and ask him before I change it. Often he admits it's shit and needs to be changed, or he just doesn't know anymore, but sometimes there was actually a very good reason for doing it like that. Those few times make it worth to never judge too early. Blindly assuming you know better is arrogant and will inevitably lead to problems. Discussing the underlying reasons will almost always teach you something. That's why you don't tackle this at the electromagnetic wave level, you tackle it at the operator level. Or maybe at the phone level. Shouldn't the phone be able to recognize and prefer a local cell over a foreign one? I mean, why does my phone prefer the crappy network that I have my crappy subscription with over the much stronger networks of the competitors? Why would this stop working when I'm near the border? The "Paradoxical Gears Explained" video shows a belt behind the gears. That suggests it's not really the gears driving each other. I use LibreOffice to create the invoice, a directory on my computer to keep my local copy, email to send it, and my bank's website to check whether it's been paid. It doesn't have to be any harder than that. Though I rarely send more than one invoice per month. If you send a lot, I can imagine some specialized software may pay off. For me, however, that would be overkill. Huh. That H9RBS.js sounds pretty neat. Can't believe I hadn't heard of it yet. I'll see if I can use it for my next enterprise thing. Almost every recruiter I talk to says they need an expert on some technology, and every time I says I'm not really an expert, and explain in minute detail everything I don't know about it. They're invariably impressed. Yeah, I always need to remind myself that recruiters are irrelevant. It's the client that matters, and the recruiter is just in the way. I wish they weren't part of the process, but I'm not sure how to get around them. > In MVC the views are updated when models change without the controller in between. Wait, does that mean Wicket is a MVC framework after all? I thought frameworks like Rails, Grails and Spring MVC were classic MVC frameworks, while Wicket was View-first (whatever that means), but in Wicket, View and Model update each other directly. I don't see him portraying Congress as anything like that at all. Those people use their money like that because Congress allows it. Congress allows it because voters aren't organized enough to vote them all out. Voters aren't organized for that because the media keep playing the tribal Reps vs Dems game. And I guess the media keep playing that game because there's profit in it for them. It's a vicious cycle that needs to be broken. Right for the job is very general. It's specifically the willingness to submit to abuse that makes someone right for the job. At least from the perspective of this kind of banking culture. Personally I'd feel safer if deals involving lots of money were conducted by well-rested, sane people. These kind of insane hours do not help your judgement, analytical thinking or productivity. I would much, much rather be a plumber or (especially) an electrician than something like a dentist. I'm really grateful there are competent people willing to become dentists, because I could never do that. Of course you could avoid the responsibility of the company by simply not hiring people, and raising your prices until the demand for your work fits how much work you can do. And that may leave you more time and money to do what you really wish you could do. Personally I became freelancer to work on my own ideas. I do paid jobs for others, but it's the time between those jobs that it's really about for me. Working for someone else, I never had that freedom. Now I do. It's not perfect, but it's pretty good. Even when referring to a child of unknown gender? Or a fetus? In Dutch, those are acceptable uses for it (or actually "het"). > with any degree of success there is also an automatic reduction in freedom because your responsibilities go up. It's not automatic. It's up to you to choose to what extent you want to exploit that success. If you want more freedom and less responsibility, hire less people than you can afford to, and take less contracts than are open to you. Stay small and be free, or grow big and be rich. I admit I'm kinda waiting for someone to say: "We're exactly like GMail/Dropbox/whatever but we take security seriously and we're outside US jurisdiction. Click this button and we'll migrate your data for you." I guess I just don't value my boring private data enough to put much work into this right now. But if I ever need a new cloud service, being outside the US will definitely count as a big plus. Yeah, usenet used to be the place where you could get any question answered (though often accompanied by a flamewar). I think I may have actually stopped using usenet around the time I started using Stackoverflow. (Really only 5 years? Unbelievable.) I don't get much rep for answers. I get it for asking the right questions. My rep still isn't fantastic (a few hundred), but it's good enough to give a bounty when I need it. It is your property, but it's not your sovereign country. You still need to obey the law of the country your property is part of, and that severely restricts what you can do with it. > Sold all his belongings, including said house, and travelled the world for a year with almost nothing... probably in 2k8 or so before such an idea became more commonplace. Has this really become more commonplace since 2008? People have always done this. Even before 2008. Maybe blogging about it is a fairly recent thing, though. Ages ago, I also had this idea, including posting about it online. But it turns out I'm a dreamer rather than a do-er. Or maybe I'm just too addicted to comfort. That's a matter of numbers. Lots of people die in unfortunate ways. I'd just rather not be one of them. While I'd love owning some land, owning an island is definitely in a different league. I doubt I'll ever own one (because it is impractical), but it's definitely something to dream about. If you get a moat, I'd also want a drawbridge. And walls. And towers. If they cleaned it up and improved it a bit, they might be able to sell it at a profit. I don't get much rep for answers because usually someone else has already given a better answer than I'm able to give. I'm just saying you don't actually have to know anything to get rep. You can get it for asking good questions too. (But first search to check if someone else has already asked the same thing.) No, it means there's a backup plan. The complaint was that it might only turn out to be adventurous and exciting for a little while. My point is merely that you can always get out again and spend the same money on something new and adventurous and exciting. You're confusing property with country. I don't see him trying to free his hands either. > This is violated by luxury goods. Louis Vuitton purses must be expensive, it's part of their "contract" with their customers. That's because the actual product you pay for isn't the bag itself, but a symbol of exclusivity. > - Steve Jobs, for Pixar and the early 00s turnaround at Apple. I'm afraid the case for Steve Jobs is stronger than that. He founded Apple and made it successful. Then, while others drove it into the ground again, he made Pixar successful (not to mention minor success with NeXT), then turned Apple from a company in serious trouble, into the biggest company in the world. By all accounts he was a tremendous jerk, but you can't argue with that level of success. While I'd love to live a thousand years (as long as it's in decent health), the big danger to society is obviously that it'll be the very rich that will live that long, and they'll hold on to their power that much longer. It creates an even bigger division between rich and poor. Imagine what the world would look like if the medieval elite were still alive today. It's good that the people in power die every once in a while. Not so much "taking over" as "being given in exchange for eternal life". They know how to make any deal attractive. I have no idea how much homework I used to get (Netherland in the '80s), because I never did any. I was lazy and got excellent grades anyway. Well, not for languages, where you did have to memorize lots of stuff (rather than rationalize, which I'm much better at), so I dropped my languages as soon as I could. My not doing any math homework did get me in trouble when I was 17 (5th class (penultimate before graduation) middle school in the Dutch system), because integration meant memorizing all those standard primitives and having used them a lot, and not having practiced them a hundred times meant failing grades for me. A year later math moved on to geometry and I got perfect grades and finished my homework during class for the first time ever. I think it would have been better for me if I'd learned to do my homework; I never really learned to work during school, which might actually be a more important skill than all the stuff it seems to be teaching. But reading 79 pages in a single evening? I hope it's a really easy book, because in anything moderately serious, that would take me a week. Oh yeah, required literature reading put me off of reading for a couple of years. (Until I discovered Terry Pratchett, i fact.) I still haven't looked at the demo yet, but the update in which it was announced said that the next step was to make a prototype/proof of concept with which to draw extra funding. That sounds like the demo isn't the promised prototype yet, and the prototype didn't get finished before money ran out. Also, I checked, and the original campaign didn't actually promise a prototype, it promised a game. A simple one, but still a fully functional one. But the wordt thing about the whole story is that they were silent for 5 months after they had promised to start working on that prototype. The update was definitely badly written. It makes them sound like naive, incompetent morons. Some more communication over the past 5 months and someone to proofread this particular update would have helped a lot. All kinds of funding come with some sort of commitment. If you want to do something else instead, you talk to your funders. They could have discussed this with their backers, but didn't. Android is Linux, but very clearly not "traditional Linux". "Traditional Linux" suggests to me the traditional distributions like Fedora, Ubuntu, SUSE, Debian, etc. It'll be interesting to see how much SteamOS will look like a traditional Linux. Considering the many Linux offerings on Steam, I suspect they'd like to have executable compatibility on that level, which Android probably doesn't have. But will it be as wide open as a traditional Linux? I suspect not. But how do you distinguish a self-signed certificate from a MITM NSA-signed one? Is it irony that Safari considers his $0 certificate unsafe, or did he simply get what he paid for? I'm really hoping they don't have to repay that debt. If it's illegal according to Nepalese law, then surely nobody can force them to pay up? If they will be forced to pay, that makes an already terrible and inhuman situation even worse. Israel is lacking in such rights as well. It's not exactly a shining example for the rest of the Middle East. > This site of mine is secured with a StartCom cert, and Safari has always been perfectly happy with it: https://mappiness.me My Safari can't verify the identity of that website. This is Safari 5.1.7. > For many small publishers like Roundabout, Amazon accounts for a large portion of sales, but the publisher realizes very little of the purchase price owing to Amazon’s discounting policies. This I don't understand. How is it possible that Amazon's discounts reduce the publisher's margin? Doesn't the publisher simply sell it to Amazon for what the publisher thinks is a fair wholesale price? Amazon can screw small bookstores by reducing their own margins to almost nothing, but surely they can't reduce the publisher's margins? If Amazon wants to pay less for the book, then surely the publisher can simply not sell through Amazon? So what use is it to tell people not to buy from Amazon? Maybe I just don't get how the book industry works. > So what they're saying is they are not confident that some degree of warming may occur within a huge band which may do something that sounds really bad (but they don't actually spell out the bad things) in the next 1,000 years. What? In the quote you included, they do spell out the bad things: the complete melting of the Greenland ice sheet, resulting in 7 meters of global sea-level rise. What's unclear about that? A bit more subtle is what that 1-4 degrees warming means. That's not how much they think the earth will get warmer, that's what they think the threshold for the complete melting of Greenland's ice sheet is. So if we manage to limit the temperature rise to 2 degrees C, there's a good chance it won't melt completely, but if the threshold turns out to be on the low end of the range, it might still melt. There's also nothing excessively alarmist about this. It's up-front about the 1000 year time scale. Also, don't blame the scientists for what less-informed alarmists are shouting. Though I agree that it would be easier to inform people if there weren't a ton of people shouting nonsense. > my biggest problem with AGW is indeed the fact that its predictions have an ever-longer history of not coming true. Are you saying that global temperatures aren't rising? Is the arctic icecap not rapidly getting smaller? I believe even the rising sea level is already measurable (though still small at this point). The predictions are coming true in a quite alarming fashion. > http://imagesup.net/?di=15138026329215 This is definitely sleazy. The monthly payment is not mentioned anywhere near the pricing info. The page is designed to look like you make a one time payment, and only at the very bottom of the sidebar (and you know very well that sidebars never get read) does it mention that they're charging you every month. It is obvious that many people will miss this. The creators of this site intentionally mislead their customers. You may not accept the word misleading, but everyone who knows what that word means, does. The page definitely misleads. It does try to position it as something other than a subscription: it tries to position itself as a regular sale. The entire fact that it is a subscription is hidden at the bottom of the light-grey sidebar. The language may be in English, but it's still light grey at the bottom of the sidebar, and not anywhere near the actual purchase and pricing info that you're agreeing to. "Are you sure?" popups don't provide any additional info. Explaining what you're signing up for does. Those million subscribes with very low churn rates, are they actually ordering new shoes every month? Or are they people that haven't figured out they're still paying every month for that one pair of shoes that they liked? How do you know they're happy? Have you asked, or do you simply assume because they haven't sued you yet? You're right that it's a tradeoff. It's a tradeoff between honesty and extra undeserved revenue. So how did that class action lawsuit work out? And isn't this more something for small claims court? You save a lot on lawyer costs that way. I don't see how they could offset reduction of mass in the arctic; they're different systems. Note that loss in sea ice doesn't lead to rising sea levels; it's land ice that matters. If Antarctica indeed has a net gain in land ice, then it would be interesting if that offsets the projected loss in glaciers on Greenland. Also relevant is to what extent it's really long term gain in land ice. > They haven't for the last 15 years, so that may be exactly what he is saying. I hear people claim that, but I can't find anything that backs it up. From what I can tell, average global temperature in the mid-90s was lower than today. Since about 2000, the rapid rise from before seems to slowing or halting, but it seems a bit early to say that this is a persistent change in the long term trend. The steep climb from before is undeniable. In other words, the last 15 years have still been a lot warmer than anything before. > Well, it's not. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2415191/Global-cooli... . Really? The Daily Mail? And you think a one-year fluctuation contradicts a long term trend? Had you actually looked into this subject, instead of clinging to some random image that seems to say what you wish to be true, you might have known that 2013 is still the sixth lowest year for arctic icecap size. And the other 5 are in the past 6 years. You think a random image proves anything, but the only thing it proves is your own ignorance on the subject. The arctic icecap is rapidly getting smaller. Do you know how high 7 meters is? It means that all sea dikes in my country need to be increased 7 meters in height (and a lot more than that in width and mass). Or else most of the country will have to be evacuated. Many coastal area (where most of the world's population lives) will be in trouble. Fortunately, 1000 years is a long time. I've read that Netherland will be able to adapt to a sea level rise of 1 meter in the next century (or maybe two centuries, which would already be a problem), but if it continues to rise at that speed, we'll have to figure out better solutions. In any case, it's going to cost a lot of money. Some minor investment now could prevent a lot of trouble in the future. But "apres moi le deluge" seems to be the reigning attitude. At this rate, 50cm is not going to be enough. And you don't slap it just on top, you have to widen the entire dike to make it stronger. No, we won't be the first place to go; that'll be the Maldives. And we probably can afford the extreme expenditure necessary to increase those dikes. But wouldn't it have been better to prevent that extreme expenditure in the first place? Here's another fine example: http://www.noconsensus.org/ipcc-audit/findings-detailed.php This obviously biased site conducted a survey of how well the peer-review in the previous IPCC report was. They claim it got an F, but when you look closely, all the chapters on the science of global warming got all A's and B's. It's the "what are we going to do about it" that gets the failing grades. But by presenting their results backwards, your first impression is going to be that the report is really bad. Cultural fit is a real thing. I've never been in a position to fire anyone, but I've often recognized the lack of cultural fit. I've worked at great companies with great co-workers and great CEOs, where I noticed I simply wasn't accomplishing as much as I should be able to, because of the way work was organized there. I saw others thrive in that environment, while I didn't thrive. At other companies, I noticed some others who were technically great at their job, not thrive due to the way the company worked, while I and others did thrive. I've left some companies because of that lack of cultural fit. But if an employee doesn't recognize the lack of cultural fit or is too afraid to leave of his own accord, it makes sense that at some point the employer fires him. And of course it sucks to be fired, and it makes you question all sorts of stuff. And the article addresses that. But it can still mean that you eventually end up at a better position where you do thrive. That doesn't mean every case of firing someone is justified, I'm just saying that "cultural fit" can absolutely be a real and valid thing. > If we were digging ditches, how likely would it be that you would fire an above-average ditch-digger, for "cultural fit"? Perhaps, if the above average ditch-digger never gets around to digging ditches because of the way the shovels are distributed. This is why it's important to oust both parties. Even if you think only one of them is the real problem while the other isn't so bad, if one of them remains, most people and media will remain stuck in the old Us vs Them culture. The system and everybody in it is toxic. They all need to go. SEEKING WORK - Amsterdam or remote Java, Groovy, Ruby, Javascript. Backend and frontend, but preferably the interaction between those two (AJAX, JSON). Backend: Spring MVC, Grails, Wicket, Rails, Sinatra Frontend: Javascript, JQuery, HTML5, looking to expand my experience with Angular, Backbone, Bootstrap. I enjoy working with complexity, business logic, architecture, and coming up with creative solutions where standard solutions fail. Linkedin: http://www.linkedin.com/pub/martijn-vos/0/99/727 Email is in my profile If you need them, by all means, talk to them. But if they need you, get a lawyer first. Inspiring. I definitely have a tendency to try to do everything at once n my private projects. I'm using 2 week deadlines to help me keep focus, but after those two weeks, I've got a few features of the project, not the entire thing. Getting a finished thing out the door every day would be a tremendous challenge. With my background, I should easily be able to do a single website in a single day, but I don't think I've ever done that (I've done it in 3 days once). Maybe I'll give this a try. Maybe just for two weeks. 8 simple but finished sites. I think he calls the 70s the end of the golden age, which was the 50s and 60s. Face-to-face tutoring might become as abundant as air when highly educated people with time on their hands and a desire to help or teach become as abundant as air. At the moment we already have plenty of people, but most of them aren't highly educated yet, and they need to spend all their time on stupid jobs that exist mostly because people need to have jobs. So more education and basic income could go a long way towards fixing this situation. At some point the turbines may have to be treated as part of the infrastructure, rather than part of the production. If you produce energy, you get paid for it, but also pay a levy depending on how well your supply fits the demand. The levy goes to whoever fills in the gaps. You don't need systematic birth control. Given enough education and good pensions, people tend to have a lot less kids. Give people enough education and security, and the economy may become a lot more sustainable. Solar is low output, but it requires very little infrastructure. What we need is to make it as cheap as possible, and then cover all roofs and windows with it. Anywhere you need electricity, lay down a sheet of solar cells with a battery, and you're there. It won't be entirely free, but with enough effort, it might get very cheap. Keep in mind that with a $30,000/year basic income, a $30,000/year job would make your total income $60,000. There's definitely an incentive to work. Especially when compared to welfare, unemployment benefits etc, because you lose those when you get a job. You don't lose basic income. You always get ahead by working, even if it's something low paid for only a few hours a week. But more than that, it's quite possible that boring, low paid, unattractive jobs will have to become better paid or more interesting if they're essential jobs, and they might disappear entirely if they're not essential. I think the quality of jobs is likely to increase because of this. I'm a big fan of basic income, and politically very much a leftist, but I also think basic income goes very well with a flat tax rate. If you consider progressive taxation as a high tax rate with a discount for lower incomes so they get enough money to live, then basic income, which provides enough money to live, can replace that discount. Just like it replaces welfare, unemployment benefits, etc. It's going to make social security and the tax system both a lot easier, and cut down a lot on bureaucracy. Because governments can always fund debt with new debt, the inevitable default can be postponed indefinitely. The main risk is that interest payments get out of control, which is what made Greece go bankrupt. Or, of course, that a country refuses to take on new debt to fund old debt, like the House is now threatening to do. Of course threatening to default is also likely to make interest payments spiral out of control. But if the country pays its debts in a timely manner and keeps total interest under control, it can keep this up forever. If someone outsources a job to another company, then surely it's that other company's job to keep their programmers motivated, right? If they can't do that, then that's a reason not to outsource to that company. The article sounds a bit like: don't blame Indian programmers for being bad, it's the client's fault for outsourcing to them. Personally I've worked with a few excellent Indian programmers. They worked on-site in Amsterdam. I later discovered that there was also a 20-man team in India working on the same project. I never saw anything productive come from them (the only time I even noticed them, was when someone checked their "My Documents" folder into SVN). The ones working on-site were clearly the cream of the crop, and I wouldn't mind working with them again, especially the one I keep running into at various open source meetups; he's clearly dedicated to his work. > Type annotations let you get the shape of the data structure out of your head and into code. This is by far the best argument for static typing I've ever heard. I'm not a big fan of static typing (mostly due to Java). I like Scala, but I think its type system is way over the top. For the most part, I care about rapid development, and you'll always need unit tests anyway, so they can also test your types for you. And Scala type matching in its builtin switch statements can always get my type back when I get handed an Object. With tools like that, I don't really need absolute type safety. But getting the shape of your data structures out of your head, that's definitely an advantage. Yeah, I hate those incomprehensible type signatures. Just give me an Object and I'll match with the type I need. That article explains duck typing badly. In duck typing, you actually test if it quacks like a duck. His example doesn't, and just blindly assumes it can quack. It works in other situations too. If someone makes a racist or sexist joke, ask them to explain, because you don't get it. It might be better for him to really start over from scratch. If he's alive, then doesn't he also have to pay his debts and his child support again? I'm a massive hypocrite. I don't use photos of my face as avatar on FB and G+, but I do share photos of my son. I'm a terrible person. She doesn't deny that she was discriminated. She just didn't notice at first, because it happened on a closed mailing list. And by the time she discovered it, she's already proven the bigot wrong. She's absolutely fortunate to be in that position, compared to other women who get more publicly demeaned, and don't get the opportunity to prove the bigots wrong. But it's also important that her story gets told, and that she doesn't get labeled as "the problem" simply because her experience is more positive than that of others. We need more women with positive experiences in tech. Denying the positive creates the impression that it's hopeless, and there's nothing good regarding equality in the tech world. The good examples exist, and we should see them as beacons, rather than deny their existence. In the end, I hope more women get to experience tech like she did, and more misogynists get their comeuppance. Learning Lua reminded me a lot of Javascript. They're both weird languages with a very similar object model, and they're both very practical once you get past the initial hurdles. They both have some issues, but they also have plenty of redeeming features. Online dating is certainly a lot less superficial than picking people up in a bar. I've read somewhere that a significant fraction of modern relationships (a third?) start online. And they tend to be relatively stable. There's clearly something to be said for discussion interests before looking at the picture. The unjustified MS hate is a remnant of the justified MS hate of the past, when they used shady business practices to force DOS and Windows down the world's throat. Nowadays they're fairly tame, however. It's time to treat them as any other tech company. But they're not forcing you to use Windows 8, do they? In the days of DOS and Win 95, they used every dirty trick in the book to force competitors out of the market. Nowadays they can't do that anymore. A lot of software that was only available on DOS or Windows is now available on Mac and Linux. And even if you do need Windows, Win7 works fine. I feel forced to switch from XP to 7, but that's not such a terrible move. I'll skip Win8, and maybe there won't even be a Win9. Same here. I feel like we've reached the end of the relevancy of Moore's Law. My PC at home is from early 2008, and it's still an excellent machine. It played all my games wonderfully, even new ones, even 3D ones. I can't imagine a game looking better than The Witcher 2. Actually, this isn't entirely true; a few months ago, my WinXP install started to play up, to I bought an SSD and installed Win7 on it. Now it runs better than ever. A recent OS helps a lot, as does a SSD. I can see one reason why I might still want to upgrade, though: The Witcher 3. I doubt it's going to run well on my by then 6 year old machine. But maybe a new graphics card is all I'll need. Or maybe it'll even just work. My Macbook Pro is a lot more recent, but it also feels like it might last forever. It can handle everything I throw at it. Why would I ever need something more powerful than this? If I want anything new from my computers now, it's stuff like smaller size, less noise, less power use, etc. They're powerful enough. Seasonic seems to have a pretty good fanless power supply. Those passive coolers generally still rely on some airflow. With no case fans at all, I'm told they won't be able to hold up under any decent load. It may be true in the US, it it hasn't always been true in some southern European countries. Spain has always been pretty hostile to bikes, but that seems to have changed. The difference between northern and southern Europe, or between different countries in Europe, can be pretty big at times. Netherland has had more bikes than people for as long as I can remember. In Spain, the few rare bikers would tend to get killed by cars. It's simple supply and demand. Lots of people want to live in the popular districts of big popular cities, but the supply is strictly limited (you can't simply build a ton of extra houses in an old neighbourhood in a city center), so prices go through the roof. You don't have to live there. You can commute. And if it gets too hard to find good people in London because both the rent and the commute are terrible, companies will eventually open offices in more fertile areas. Another factor might be that it's probably easier to admit you're illegally reading the bible, than illegally watching porn. The best interiew process I ever went through was pretty much like this. Of course they first check the CV, then a regular interview, and when that went well, I got a programming assignment. Something very simple, but in a framework I wasn't familiar with. Had about a week to do it in my own time, could contact them with questions, and at the end, I presented my code to the devs, who asked questions. Afterwards, the devs vote by email. I haven't heard of a better way to do it yet. In Netherland, the standard trial period is a month, during which you can be fired at any time for anything. I'm not sure it's legal to extend that trial period, but after that, people usually get a half-year contract, which won't get extended if it turns out they suck during that half year. There's a strict limit to how many temporary contracts you can get. Eventually, the employer has to offer a permanent contract. You can't let the employee live with that kind of uncertainty indefinitely. Only in some countries. In many countries, workers do have rights and can't be fired trivially. People need to stop using 1984 and Franz Kafka as instruction manuals. It depends on your point of view. Personally I've never been too happy about the state of JS code, so trying something different is absolutely a good thing. Is Angular the best approach? Is there even such a thing as a best approach? Probably not. Look at the proliferation of server side frameworks. They each have their pros and cons. I do like that Angular is a real framework, rather than a library that only gets called a framework. It handles all sorts of stuff for you in the same way serverside frameworks tend to do. Why Reddit? I think this trial week is mostly for hiring fresh out of college candidates. They can spare the week, and it makes sense there. It's not such a good idea for people who already have a job. Doesn't the article state that 34% don't make it? That's a pretty high failure rate for a trial period where both parties were already set on making it work. In Netherland, there's a legal 1 month trial period for any new job, but it's extremely rare that someone will be fired in that month. I'm amazed that people can live with only 2 weeks vacation. In Netherland, 5 weeks is the minimum (though it's rare for companies to go above that minimum), and personally I still don't think that's enough. As a freelancer I'm glad I can take as much vacation as I like. I'd expect some degree of confidentiality to be standard when government agencies inspect private stuff. The NDA shouldn't be necessary. The only real advantage a 20 year old has over a 40 year old is that a 20 year old body can survive insane working hours, skipped sleep, sleeping under the desk, etc. Also, they don't have families and kids yet. That's why some companies want 20 year olds. Edit: I'm 39, and I'm finally hitting my stride. I'm a far better programmer now than I was even 5 years ago. I see more value in accomplishing stuff in as little hours as possible. It's not about the hours, it's about what you get done. And once you get stuck, it can be more productive to leave the computer and get some sleep, eat, walk, take a shower, etc. The best ideas or solutions come to you when you're doing something else. To me, saying you work 60-80 hours means you're either doing something very simple, or you're not doing much at all. In Netherland it was like that when I was young, but in the '90s, shaven heads became very popular with no right-wing association whatsoever. I don't know. I got married during my 30s, so I have no need for dating. But at the same time, I'm way more confident and I'm sure I wouldn't suck as badly at it as I did during my 20s. I really wish I could simply buy an extra bedroom for $500 per month. But I'm afraid I'm really going to have to move. All valid points. Still, I'm inclined to take it simply to beat all the other people with the same name. I did get a startup allowance for 6 months, and I live in Amsterdam, the same city this article is about. Here's how it worked: My old employer went bankrupt, and as a result, I could get unemployment benefits based on my last salary quite easily. Anyone in unemployment can start a company while keeping the unemployment income for 6 months. You do have to write a business plan which needs to get approved. And the money you get is technically still for unemployment, so if it turns out you weren't unemployed, you have to pay it back. It's based on the money you make during the first year as an enterprise. Above a certain threshold, you have to repay the entire loan, below it, you have to repay proportionally. Still a good deal, because it gives you a lot of security, though it'd be nice if it was a bit more than 6 months.