I gnu I had a great quip about his property and identity being open sourced, but can't quite put it together. I hope I don't come off rude, but I don't see anything here that I couldn't get on oDesk. Maybe less. On oDesk, I can pick a language. Here, you don't mention what your skills are. So I could send you 3 problems, one in Lua, one in ColdFusion, and the third a distributed map reduce job for MongoDB, and assume you do them all? Given the grammar and the names on the About Us, I assume I'm paying cheap off-shore rates? What I'm seeing here is a group of folks who want to tackle outsourced work, but aren't big enough or experienced enough to take on full projects. The attempt is to brand it in such a way to capture some of the startup dollars out there. However in reality, it's just the same kind of freelancing that's been going on for 15 years. Click the "raw" link and it's a readable wrapping text-only mode. Why did it take so long? Small team, SDK limitations, funding? I can't imagine that porting an Obj-C code base to Java would take as long as it did. (Doesn't matter how long original code base took; that was development, whereas porting code is more "manufacturing") Not trolling, just curious. Original iPad being junk? There's tons still in service. As a matter of fact, I'd imagine most who upgraded to the 2 or 3 did so due to additional features (camera, Retina), not the RAM. Also, how do I upgrade the RAM in a Galaxy Tab or a Kindle Fire? I think the lack of upgradability is endemic to the tablet form-factor. Would any tablet manufacturer? What do you mean by easily? Recycling is a very industrial operation; it's more than just the neat little recycling containers you see in the suburbs. If iFixit shows you how to do it, you can be guaranteed that professional recyclers can do it. Especially if it's a material of value: they meticulously disassemble dishwashers all the time for the copper contained within. tldr; recycling != recycling bin "Nothing"? I assume you're referring to phones and tablets. You do remember that Apple makes more than iPhones and iPads, right? Despite the attention the new rMBP gets, they are still selling iMacs, Mac Minis, and MBPs that are easily upgraded. Obsolete in 2-3 years? No, those would be Android devices, where a phone 12 months old often can't run or doesn't have an upgraded version of Android OS. However, the iPhone 3GS, released 3+ years ago, will run iOS 6. I don't know of a single product Apple makes that's obsolete in a year: obsolete doesn't mean "doesn't have latest and greatest features". 3GS phones run pretty much all the apps a 4S runs; ditto on the original iPad compared to a new one. Cute to quote a troll comment. However, you can see it's a MacBook Air - those start at $1000, as it appears to be an 11-inch model. Moreover, the article never mentioned being unable to afford; he mentions lack of space. Be fair and link to the review: http://www.ifixit.com/Teardown/Kindle-Fire-Teardown/7099/2#s... Main positives are for ability to remove the back side and use of Phillips screws: big pluses. However, primary iPad issues: glued on front glass, RAM, persistent storage: all true for Kindle as well. I wonder what % of HN readers are totally confused by this? 50%? 75%? Google does overwhelmingly support one party over another, and was the 5th largest donor to Obama's 2008 campaign: http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-505123_162-46840313/google-polit... Probably had nothing to do with the takedown, as YouTube says they take down everything with a DMCA claim attached. Still, you can't dispute the fact that the parties involved aren't objective: the money says otherwise. By title? By summary? Surely not by parsing the audio. If automated, why so quick to take down, when there's videos that have been up for years that are the original recordings? Why trolling? If we criticize censorship of Kim Dotcom or Julian Assange, and express anger, is that trolling? If Westboro Baptist or Glenn Beck abused the DMCA to silence their critics, we'd rightly be waving pitchforks. No different to criticize what appears to be an attack on free speech using the DMCA. Regardless of your political stance, if there appears to be an agenda to silence someone on the one side, then it's fair to label those on the other side as crazy and evil. This reminds of a kid who got totally destroyed in a fight: both eyes are swollen and black, his nose is broken and bleeding, he can barely talk through his swollen lip, and he has a chipped tooth. Then the teacher tells the other guy to apologize and shake your hand. You walk away thinking, "I showed him ..." What % of Android tablets in circulation are the Nexus 7? I'm sure cyclinghacker2's friends are referring to the Galaxy Tab, the Xoom, etc. We're not talking about making generic innovations in your products similar to the iPhone. We're talking specific non-innovative features: white handset on a green background icon, for example. A dock using the same color scheme. Identical curves, with a chrome border on a black case. A home button on the center bottom. Many consumers buy the iPhone "because it's iPhone" - they can't even tell you half of its innovations. So you left out d, which is what Samsung did: d) Build a device that usurps the panache of the iPhone I suspect that's the result of over-hiring (giving a $150K senior position to someone who should be junior). I think it's less a matter of experience than laziness: I've met too many CS majors and/or devs with 10 years of experience who write this code. They get lazy, complacent, and confident, and never grow. On the other hand, the OP has a hunger: I suspect he'll continue to grow if he stays hungry. You don't magically write better code by sitting in a desk for 5 years: you write better code by seeking growth. I think you'll agree that short URLs and names are hard to come by, and will be more so over time. Plus, the push for short names is getting out of control. I'm sorry, but a name like xzb.ly is retarded, whereas GoodCompanyName.com isn't. Most of the time when I hear about an app, I'm at my computer. So I type in the full URL to get to that link or go to the App Store's slow search. Half the time there's several search result, and I'm fighting with iPhone's spell checker if it's a cutesy name or have to remember the company's naming scheme. (For example, I searched for "Flight Track" instead of "FlightTrack" and received tons of incorrect results.) Another good use: connecting the physical world with digital when it's not practical to set up a short URL (think a church having a silent auction, with in-depth descriptions listed on the website) Selling your product by putting flyers on people's cars: yes, totally original. I probably wouldn't respond this way, but: if I see you touching my car, my personal property, and you're not wearing a law enforcement uniform, it would be well within my right to respond as if you're stealing or vandalizing my car. I can't speak to SF, but in many areas, when the police respond to the physical altercation, they'd be asking me if I want to press charges. tl;dr for the flyer text: "We weren't good enough to get into YC, but want to piggyback off of pitch day. Please please please visit our site! kthxbai" So any pitch day attendees who didn't like this, you know what to do: while they didn't get caught in the act, pretty sure posting on HN will allow you to press charges as they've confessed to the crime. My recommendation: the judge should order the culprit to work 6 months at a non-social-media startup with a real business model. As it's sponsored by CloudFlare, I suspect it makes for a good Case Study for them. Second paragraph: "Yesterday we announced the much-anticipated sequel to Plants vs. Zombies. That’s very exciting. A lot of people have been asking about it. The game will come to fruition in the spring of 2013." I do feel there's a legit subtext here: we're going to see a ton of startups operating at a micro level. The culture, and daresay the economy, of SV that is based on big dreams and big VC may not always have enough wind behind it. I don't think that time has come, but I don't believe that the winners will always come out of SV, but we'll see more or more SaaS apps built by 1 or 2 people in Kansas or the Ukraine that generate a nice $200-300K revenue stream. I'd like to know how many are solely focusing on Android development, with no website or iOS app to drive synergistic use. (Facebook app is worthless without the network effect from the website, and I wonder how well Angry Birds would do if you erase iOS success) "illegitimate patents": perhaps, but like others have pointed out, it sounds like your beef shouldn't be with Apple, but with patent system. If Apple has illegitimate patents, I suspect some of the 24,000 patents Google acquired from Motorola Mobility are as well. Please repeat this quote whenever Google utilizes their 17,000 patents (plus 7000 pending) acquired from Motorola Mobility. Oh wait ... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/google/9488453/Google-... Took a look at the home page, did a double take when I saw the "FU Score". Maybe that resonates poorly with potential users? I get that we're supposed to use cutesy Web 2.0 names, but if what makes a hacker smile doesn't lead to revenue, it has no place. Thank you for having your home link on your "blog." domain link to your home page, and not the front of your blog. It amazes me how many startups supposedly know how to build a great product, yet all seem to get this wrong. He lists 3 startup successes: Instagram, Flickr, and Groupon. He talks about their famous pivots. Problem is, these companies pivoted into the kinds of companies that we don't need. Groupon's business model has been debated ad infinitum, and they're trading at 1/5 of their IPO. Instagram and Flickr: free services that could likely never charge, acquired by big services for the eyeballs. As long as acquisition is considered the exit, you're doomed. Yes, there are winners, but that's just a race to the bottom. If your business can't succeed without VC and without eventual acquisition, you don't have a business, you have a gamble. Neat programming != a business, but charging for solving a real need does. +1 on this. I manage a user group for the primary language I use, and in over 3 years of full-time freelancing, I've never been without work. If an OS update breaks a text editor, pretty sure that a sign of an OS failure. I have certainly had a few failed projects, as I've taken on too much work before. As some of the commenters to the OP pointed out, this is a challenge that many freelancers face. Indeed, as with any mistake, we learn and grow. That said, I feel you are calling me out in a public forum is a bit inappropriate. To say I didn't produce a single line of code is a bold statement. As you called me out in a public forum, I'd be interested in discussing publicly. As your statement has the potential to cost me hundreds of thousands of dollars over my career, I realize personal litigation is an option, but I'm a civil person who would prefer healthy discourse, even when my character is attacked. However, that doesn't seem possible, as I have no clue who you are. I have chosen not to hide behind a made-up identity. You, however have the username "hackernews": I assume you are an employee of YCombinator? I doubt it, and to that extent, your username has the potential to be a libelous misrepresentation of Paul Graham's brand. If you do not have the professional integrity to identify yourself, feel free to let me know who you are at a ColdFusion conference; I am a speaker at many of them. Surely a coincidence, but with a variety of titles shown, not a single Ruby or Rails title. Read the thread referenced in the article: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=105818.0e Bitfloor admits to earning about $2100 a month. So it's a totally unregulated market, and it'd be easy to increase your earnings by 100x this month. During the time the wallet was left in an unencrypted location, just happened to get hacked. I can't call the Bitfloor owner a thief, but reading his posts about looking to the future, and not to the past, no claim of a police report being filed, and the generic term "We got hacked!" make for some obvious conclusions. I'm a manager of a user group (not Ruby or Rails, but ColdFusion) but when we have celebs in audience, I always default to them. Members have purchased their books, and read their blogs; they respect them more than they respect me or the speaker (usually me, managers commonly speak at smaller communities). Should they be pricks? No. But that's a question for the universe to deal with; as for our group, we like the celebs. (Ruby world's Katz's are CF's Camdens, Nadels, and Fortas - same difference...) Having listened to Yahuda on various podcasts and whatnot, I get that he doesn't keep his mouth shut. Sometime's he's a douche, othertime's he's the smartest dude in the room and should be listened to. If you are a UGM and didn't expect this, maybe you should decline Yahuda's chance to speak.. his personality isn't exactly a secret, just saying. tl;dr pricks will be pricks; experts ditto. Take the good with the bad, and research celebs. Several active conferences. A thriving open source community. ASP classic is a dead product; All three CF engines released new versions in the last year, with support for REST, WebSockets, updated ORM support, etc. While you'll probably never see it used in YC because it's not "cool", there's tons of it in Fortune 500 and the private sector. I like the Chrome reader; it lets you read offline. Also, for programming titles, I actually prefer using a second monitor: more screen than a device, plus ability to copy and paste code is nice. First paragraph: "In Part 1, we looked at the code of two web services that implement an authentication web service. One written in Java, and one written in Go. It’s time to beat up on them a little bit." http://boundary.com/blog/2012/09/13/comparing-go-and-java/ Not many that are general, but tons that are language specific. I've found that language specific ones often cover relevant topics, even if it's not your language (such as TDD or DI). Many have shows that are completely off subject matter (I learned of PhoneGap for the first time on a .NET show) In my rotation: (.NET) .NET Rocks, Hanselminutes (one of the hosts on This Developers Life), Deep Fried Bytes, Herding Code (Ruby) Ruby Rogues, Ruby 5 (5 minute news, 2x/week), Ruby Show (seems to be on hiatus) (JavaScript) JavaScript Jabber (sister of Ruby Rogues), JavaScript Show (same hosts as Ruby Show - also on hiatus) There's a bigger question here. I get why diego was flabbergasted by the default, and I also hear legitimate claims that the documentation should have been read. But what I want to know is: Why are MongoDB advocates in such a bad mood? It's legit to criticize a language or a database. However, it seems to me that when MongoDB gets involved, the tone is far more aggressive and defensive. What's up with that? It's just software, bits and config files. It's not like someone called your mom a harlot. Here's what I think. New developers, for a long time, have come into the industry and become overwhelmed with everything they need to learn. Let's take typical database servers. Writing a SELECT is easy enough, but to truly be an expert you have to learn about data writing operations, indexing, execution plans, triggers, replication, sharding, GRANTs, etc. As it's a mature technology, you start out barely an apprentice, with all these experienced professionals around you. In recent years, software development has really been turned on its head. We're not building apps using the same stack we've used for a long time: OO + RDBMS + view layer + physical hardware. The younger the technology, the better, it seems. In theory, a 3 year developer and a 20 year developer are now pretty equal when we're talking about a technology that's been around 2-3 years. That wouldn't be true if we were dealing with say, OO design patterns. (Even when new languages come along, you still get to keep your experience in the core competencies.) Attacks on these new technologies are perceived as an assault on this new world order, and those who have walked into being one of the "newb elite" respond emotionally to what they see as a battle for the return to the old guard. Am I totally off base here? I'm not terribly old: 35. Been doing web development as a career since 1999. More relevant, is my experience. I didn't come in when Java came out. I started (1997-1998) with some high-level dynamic web languages: ASP classic, ColdFusion (To this day, I still do CF - I'm a CF user group manager and I speak at CF conferences). Building HTML and JavaScript since 1996 (GeoCities, HotDog, and HomeSite). Nerded around with programming 1995-1997 in high school (TI Basic, Pascal, and Qbasic) In the days when I started web development, a lot of folks were still monkeying around with Perl and flatfiles. I can't really speak to early days of Java: until 2000, didn't really use it. ColdFusion 6 went from C++ to Java, at which point CF devs ran on the JVM and could target it. From the beginning I was a consumer of RDBMSes. Started with Access and moved on to SQL Server. There wasn't a need to know the full DB, only the pieces you needed for CRUD. Perhaps for newbs that has changed, and they have to learn the full SQL administrative experience. Personally I doubt that. Do some db migrations in Rails: you don't even need to know what SQL engine you're running on. (A good thing, IMO, but still means a lesser body of knowledge) Good point that a lot of products try so hard to be the "new sexy" that they suggest an inaccurate comparison, or at best, implement a subset of what they're trying to replace. Very true and wise. As a "mid-guard" developer, it's a fight between "get off my lawn" and "pay attention, lest you become old and irrelevant". I like noSQL, but I feel that Mongo has made some sacrifices to move to the front. Given that performance, I think plenty of new devs have sold into it, and get upset easily at challenges. Maybe they'd have a different response were they committed to Riak or CouchDB. Great example of why building an app != a startup. You should email all users, and post a public apology on your site or blog. If you were a company, you'd have insulation against lawsuits. Two nerds mean you and your family's assets are at risk; launching an app with such a spectacular security hole seriously puts the two of you and your families in danger. Sure. Most responsible lower-middle class or poor families can't afford an iPad, but something in the $99-300 range is doable. This is the trajectory that smart phones went: I see tons of people with Android Crickets. As others have pointed out, this should have no bearing on Apple's success: I've never met someone who wanted a MacBook Pro who changed their mind because of a $299 laptop at WalMart. My other take: no. Highly customized Android tablets will (Kindle Fires and Nook tablets). Most users don't root them; they use them as the walled gardens they're designed to be. Pure Android devices will continue to be a minority. (OP's article suggests this, with Fire's at 50% of "Android" tablet market) To me, a Kindle Fire is as much an "Android" tablet as a Nexus 7 is a "Linux" tablet. I think there's a ton of room at the bottom. There was a time when DVD players and home computers were out of the reach of the poor or lower middle class. Most (responsible) people can't afford a $500+ tablet, but the promise of tablet computing still applies to them. It's a lie to say that the promise of tablet computing can only be accomplished in a $500+ package. There's tons of room for tablets that are $250 or less - see all the "low end" phone providers that now have Android offerings. iOS has had unified search prior to Siri. (iOS 3) I know we've heard over and over about medical bankruptcies, I don't think that's the issue in most filings. It's typical for a family of 4 to have 2 new car payments, tens (if not hundreds) of thousands in student loan debt, a $300K mortgage, $20K or more in credit card debt, and all the costs of kids (soccer dues, etc). How long can a family like that do without income or at best lose half? Probably 2-3 months, tops. That's what causes bankruptcy. Not really. Siri wasn't introduced until iOS 5, and even then, would only run on one version of the 3 (3GS/4/4S) iPhones that could run iOS 5. I'm sure if they release a 7" iPad we'll see a bump. I'm totally confused that the author totally ignored the upcoming event on October 23 where it will be announced: http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/12/us-apple-miniipad-... I use a little obscene language myself, but there's nothing cool or enlightening about it. Any site built around it is at best noisy, but more like puking all over the screen. Obviously this is on open source stuff, but I'd don't think it'd reflect positively with a prospective client or employer. See if there's a job-specific mailing list for the language you're interested in. Get involved: speak at user groups and conferences. If possible, step up and manage. You'll get work sent your way, and once you've built up a reputation (like when people come up to you at conferences and know your name but you don't know theirs), you can often drop the idea of needing work on Twitter and get a good response. This is a problem with the .gov sites. Forget the shortening issue; that any site would happily redirect anything is nuts. I get they're doing it for tracking purposes, in which case, would it be that hard to whitelist the redirect URLs? Tons has been written about Netflix's architecture, and they're down as well. I believe Amazon isn't being totally transparent. Noticed that Rackspace was down for a bit - I presumed they're getting hammered on their WWW as people are considering an infrastructure switch? I tend to agree, but sometimes 140 characters come across as too emotionally charged, so imagine two words. Hence, "WPEngine sucks", which seems a bit harsh. Several recent articles could be summarized as "Founders dumb", "VC stupid", "SV sucks". Because it's not what the cool kids are using. I was at a conference where pud spoke. As for using a "startup" worthy language versus what you feel most comfortable in, he said (more or less a quote), "98% of all web sites fail, and yours probably will too, so might as use the language you want and are most productive in" Pretty much every open source project that has succeeded has been the result of fat wallet corporate backing. I'm sure someone will offer a counterexample, but for the most part, hackers have to eat, and I haven't seen the "donate" model really work out. However, this is cool: it shows that open source isn't anti-commercial, it's pro-freedom. I keep thinking this will be a bit antitrust concern in future years. I'm not even going to get into the FTC's recommendation to sue over patents: http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/ftc-staff-said-to-for... 1) To make use of many Android device features, you typically are required to have a Google account. (Ditto with the iPhone, but it's a bigger deal the more you control the market) 2) The pressure exerted on Aliyun 3) By default, Google search in the browser. How long before there's pressure for a "search engine ballot" screen? This was more true 2 years ago. I think they are trying to capture back some of that "mass market" where people expect a cheap or free phone as opposed to the high end where we are used to paying $200-400: http://www.apple.com/iphone/compare-iphones/ (4: free, 4S: $99) What was the federal-state-local funding model like then? I know most municipalities continue to depend on federal funding, and I can see the US government using this (I recall a similar thing a few years ago around legal drinking ages) I'm sure the average share holder cares more about a rounding error of a settlement than the departure of a major executive, iPhone 5 stock levels, or the uncertainty of legal battle fought on many fronts. Romney already declared he was done running for public office if he lost, even before the election's end. I'm sure that has more to do with his fading into the sunset. Romney never stood on his own. He was the anti-Obama for Republicans. Like a girl's looking for a guy to cheat with to get back at her boyfriend, the Republican party said, "Meh. You'll do." He never had any strong qualities, such as extreme faith views, or TEA Party ideologies. He's said he's done seeking public office. As a result, there's no reason for anyone to continue to "Like" him, as he serves no purpose for them. I agree that it's all the same. I think it feels more pronounced now giving the more personal (yet dehumanized) nature that Twitter and Facebook have taken since 2008. A few months ago Samsung lost $10B in market value when it was rumored Apple was sourcing parts to a competitor: http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/05/16/us-samsung-chips-i... Maybe not if you're living in an apartment in San Francisco. However, if you're in an Eastern Bloc country or India, a few hundred USD per month can radically change your life. So even abysmal returns to me would be success to someone else. When you're poor and looking at the prosperity of the West, you don't care if you break the Internet. The "HN" ethos tends to reward those who go against the odds: founders who jumped off a cliff financially, teams working crazy hours with too few employees, working a full time job while bootstrapping, trying to have a family life, etc. In the end, none of that matters: you either ship good stuff, or you don't. However, whether you have a full-time job or are dealing with the time-suck that is high school, we're here to support, sympathize, and empathize, so it's all relevant. Glad you don't let it get to you. Keep it up: I suspect you've contributed more to the hacker world at your age than the haters twice your age. Maybe a good rule of thumb: When someone complains about a Show HN that links to Github, post their own Github profile, or STFU? :-) Many didn't like posting the age in the title. Yeah, no one ever words their HN submissions to be inflammatory and get to front page, right? I'll take a million hackers showing their projects and trying to win brownie points with their age than a single freakin smart phone troll blog post any day of the week. Thank you for this article. I personally feel that small teams (in most cases, one person) building high quality SaaS apps and creating a generous income ($100-300K/year) will become more common, and is more likely to "win" than the home run, VC model. Having been in that situation from time to time, I've sold stuff. Most of it fairly current technology: SSD drives, iPads, etc. I also pickup quick projects: $500-$2000 projects that can be completed on the side in under a week. Hit up Craigslist. (assuming you're in an area where this is relevant) Not always the highest quality work, but you'll find a lot of quick $$ things there. Managers would prefer a master, not recruiters. Recruiting requires throwing everything at the wall that remotely looks like a fit (I know .NET, am not a master, but it's on my LinkedIn - every freaking unsolicited recruiter contact I get is for .NET) Also, if they can get a novice in there, there's a chance they can pay less yet bill the client the same (talking on w2 contracting here) I tried signing up as an entrepreneur: after doing Twitter login, the modal form does nothing when I click the submit button. No waiting spinner, nothing from the browser. Just sits there. Perhaps your back-end is getting hammered? At least give me some feedback if it's AJAX. I waited, gave up, returned to HN, and there's a pretty good chance I'll forget about the site unless it gets huge (not that I matter, but pretty sure I'm typical) You do see the same blogs over and over on this site, so maybe. However, there are a good number of people who browse the new page, so perhaps that explains it. Perhaps, but why is there an attitude that doctors are evil and that all of them are so well off that we shouldn't care what happens? Seems to me that's the prevailing attitude. They're continually getting pinched: Tens of thousands for malpractice insurance. Hundreds of thousands in debt just to get to the point where they can practice. Seems reasonable if you have a good upside, but that upside keeps getting pressed on. I don't see how that can continue without serious reform in the other direction (tort limits and forgiveness of student debt for medical school) Typically you won't have your app's UI on your server in a PhoneGap app. You'll include the UI in the app, and what's on the server is data services. It's not that you can't do what you described, but if your app is little more than a browser, you increase the odds of being rejected. Most (all?) open source licenses place no limitation using the license and selling the source code. I see a lot of folks jumping to explain away this article. My opinion is that a lot of the HN crowd believe that they are disruptors, bucking the trends. As a 35 year old married guy in Houston, reading HN tends to give me the idea that if I'm not in my early 20s and willing to drop it all and move to SF and work for at least 1/2 of market rate for a funded company building a social product that focuses on traction as opposed to revenue ... then my ship has sailed. Articles like this are a nice reality check. What databases do you use in RDS? RDS isn't a database, it's hosted MySQL, SQL Server, or Oracle. The idea of my time having variable value is a bit scary (trading at a bit over $12 currently, but I'm not sure what will happen when the payout drops soon). Then again, that's what working for a VC-backed startup is: the possibility that my development effort might not pay off. That said, the startup has significant potential, whereas working for Bitcoins will not likely have the upside to justify the risk. First off, best of luck with your project. Secondly, kudos on writing the post-mortem, as I know it takes some guts to own a "failure". I think, however, the need to write something like this speaks to an incorrection assumption: you need a "launch". Of course, TC and HN can give you a nice bump in traffic and even signups. However, in the long run, this really doesn't accomplish much for you. It gives you the kind of traffic that will likely leave and move on to the next article, skewing your metrics. There's certainly qualified prospects in there, but it's hard to decipher with all the noise. Again, the concept of a "launch" speaks to poor business models. It really benefits businesses where the word "traction" is more important than "revenue". Build a business that provides a service that others will pay for and grow as fast as the business can bear, bringing in those visitors that are truly valuable to you. Perhaps, but he did call this post ".. a failed HN launch" :-) I've never thought of HN as a marketing platform. It's a place for Hackers (perhaps the "news" fails to encompass the full site) to discuss PG's concept of hacking entrepreneurs. Far too many Show HNs target developers. Even awesome code won't automatically scale because the developer is a genius. The idea of premature optimization applies to architecture and infrastructure as well. I feel you, but there's some serious dicks in the open source community as well. It seems the same behaviors somehow have different meaning if they're attached to a company that it's popular to dislike. A one-day stock price decrease isn't the news. Zynga was in a very special place at a very special time. Social gaming had an amazing stretch of months, but that time seems to have passed, at least in terms of being on fire. Zynga's relationship with Facebook is really the only thing that set them apart. Innovative games? They took the same game and kept reskinning it. When that fizzled out, they began copying other games wholesale. (lol at a title of theirs I saw recently: "Scramble with Friends") They're not a gaming company, but did a pretty good job of looking like one and getting paid in the process. However, going public was dumb. They should have piled up cash and kept it all to themselves. Going public is meant for companies that are capable of being in it for the long haul. Not for companies that have figured out how to be successful in an industry that didn't even exists two years prior. Zynga can probably transition into other areas, like mobile games, online gambling, etc. However, they are just one of many in that space. They have no secret sauce or magic. They can probably turn a profit, but nothing that can bring their stock price back to where it was. The only ones who care how Zynga does are the crazy ones that hold ZNGA. Otherwise, they're just another gaming company right? If you do hold ZNGA, well, that sucks. Not a "sad set of circumstances" suck. More like "I blew my money on a Vegas weekend" suck. See my comment got down voted, and rereading it, I can see why. I wasn't saying that all that everyone in the open source community is a dick, but rather, a person can be a dick no matter who they work for. Nothing intrinsic about who they work for, or whether they're part of the OSS community. However, there seems to be a confirmation bias when it's a company we're predisposed to dislike. I think people are missing the biggest takeaway: everyone wants to get rich writing Rails apps in a weekend that really don't contribute, that our brightest minds are being wasted. Rather than creating things that are truly innovative, we're barely iterating on things that were barely iterations to being with. What a cute little startup name. How the hell do I pronounce it? I wasn't picking on Rails specifically, and I do really agree with DHH on selling as opposed to "social traction". You get to a very real point (kinda counteracts what I literally said, but gets to the heart of the point I was trying to make): don't play the startup lottery. Real apps, the apps you generate real revenue on, are those that don't require Series A. There's also real people behind shows like Jerry Springer and Honey Boo Boo. Doesn't man they're not crappy. The day Steve Jobs passed the entire front page was filled with dupes. How? There's nothing anti-competitive here. Just because we've been able to swap CPUs for years doesn't make it a legal obligation. After all, I can't upgrade the processor in my phone, tablet, or graphics card. When was the last time you upgraded a CPU on a laptop? Laptops already outsell desktops, and by 2015, tablets will outsell desktops. http://www.inquisitr.com/76157/tablets-to-overtake-desktop-s... I can't see why Intel would continue to worry about an increasingly shrinking part of the industry. I've explained to clients: never charge a fixed upfront price for an app with free ongoing server access. Doesn't matter if it's a game, social network, dating site, or anything else. Give the app away, and either subsidize server access with ads, or charge a subscription via IAP. Went to Social Engine's site. See a few quotes on the bottom of the home page which seem to imply testimonials, and I see: "SocialEngine is rapidly evolving as an amazing tool for building and managing communities." - Brad Feld, feld.com Huh. Now that I know he's involved at some level, but this isn't disclosed with his quote, it makes me question the credibility of the entire site. HN isn't driven by a product YC or PG sells. To me, that speaks volumes. SR (gotta refer to it by an acronym you know) is powered by SE. If it could handle HNish load, that would speak volumes about Social Engine, no? Obviously there's a commercial interest (even if it doesn't drive decisions, it's still there) This is 2012, we don't want names that make sense. What the hell does the word "Uber" have to do with cabs? If my startup was vrxpubz.ly and was a way for kittens to upload cat litter into their social graph, I'd be good for at $500K in seed. My iPhone 5 is 1 in 214,000; my Galaxy S3 was unique. Since the iPhone 5 makes up more than one in 200,000 of the Internet's traffic, even that "relatively low" uniqueness is worrisome. I've done a ton of scraping (mostly legal: on behalf of end users of an app on sites they have legit access to). This article misses something that affects several sites: JavaScript driven content. Faking headers and even setting cookies doesn't get around this. This is of course is easy to get around, using something like phantom.js or Selenium. Selenium is great because unlike all the whiz bang scraping techniques, you're driving a real browser and your requests look real (if you make 10000 requests to index.php and never pull down a single image, you might look a bit suspicious). There's a bit more overhead, but micro instances on EC2 can easily run 2 or 3 Selenium sessions at the same time, and at 0.3 cents per hour for spot instances, you can have 200-300 browsers going for 30-50 cents/hour. See my other comment :-) I've been doing this on a site that is 100% Javascript-driven for over a year, very successfully. It's really no different than hitting a static site with Selenium. Figuring out the proper XPath to use is often the biggest challenge: Chrome Developer tools help immensely. Also, you need to watch for delays in JS rendering, so put a lot of pauses in your scripts. It's of course slow, so if you want to distribute it across several machines, use Selenium Grid or a queue system (SQS, Resque, etc). Setup Xvfb to run on headless Linux instances. Another issue not covered: file downloads. Let's say you have a process that creates a dynamic image, or logs in and downloads dynamic PDFs. Even Selenium can't handle this (the download dialog is an OS-level feature). At one point I was able to get Chrome to auto-download in Selenium, but had zero control over filename and where it was saving. I ended up using iMacros (the pay version) to drive this (using Windows instances: their Linux version is very immature comparably). Headless: Xvfb on Linux. (Virtual Framebuffer, let's you run apps that require a GUI) You can use one of the many options that include Webkit (like phantom.js, the capybara-webkit gem, or Selenium if you want a real browser like Firefox to do the work) Awesome. I'd love some hints or links, as I'm always looking to refactor. My scraping is part of a transactional B2B service, not a high traffic social or B2C thing, so it's a different set of problems than those who want their hands on Twitter data. These are Fortune 100's, so if I can bring down their site, they have bigger problems. :-) I've found that regex is very brittle when you don't control what comes across. DOM traversal is far more reliable. Playing with it now, and while it seems to hit my download need, I can't seem to get it to play nice with sites that are JavaScript dependent. Am I missing something, or is there a way to plugin an underlying WebKit engine? Seems like one a situation where the language in one cultural context would be insulting, but in another, is merely a literal statement. Pretty sure Capone dressed like many others and didn't have a unique style. Wearing black shirt + jeans everyday (or perhaps as a public persona) is obviously intentional. I'd say those are like a football coach always wearing a fedora (Tom Landry) or a rapper always wearing a giant clock around their neck (Flava Flav) to name a couple of examples. That said, I really don't care if they copy Jobs. I can think of several entrepreneurs I'd love to copy in an attempt to channel whatever insights they might have had. Indeed. "It's the app developer's fault, the OS rocks!" is a bikeshed argument in my opinion. I've been doing something similar. I'm on my fourth iPhone, so I'm well invested in that ecosystem. I recently added a Galaxy S3 with a new line for testing purposes. I'm comparing both devices: if I prefer the S3, I'll transfer my personal line to it, and use the iPhone as the backup/test device. I have no problem buying apps. I have a few apps I depend on, and many I like. My thoughts so far: * The S3 is a superior piece of hardware, hands down. * Most of the OS features are superior on the S3 as well, and the built in apps are as good or better than what's on iOS. * The app situation is what kills the S3. 1) Many apps I depend on that are awesome on iOS don't exist on Android, and the "substitutes" are really poor in my opinion (for example, OmniFocus vs. the generic to-do apps) 2) Some of the same apps don't have ad-free Pro versions on Android as they do on iOS. Perhaps there needs to be a separate app store filled with more curated, paid apps? (Say Google Play and Google Pro) 3) Some of the same apps are absolutely horrible on Android. I suspect they are quick ghetto ports of successful iOS apps, not properly developed Android software. (Example: The Chive is pretty decent on iOS, and a bug-filled mess on Android) Again, I was really cheering for the S3, but honestly, ecosystem trumps innovation. I wish they'd put some serious resources into dealing with comment spam. I realize it'll always be an issue, but they could at least: 1) not make comments enabled out of box with no anti-spam measures (moderating isn't anti-spam in my opinion: technical solutions should come before man-power) 2) not make me rely on third-party plugins to combat it BitBucket still supports uploads. I guess it'd be remiss of me to not link to Refund Retriever, the company I've developed software for: http://www.refund-retriever.com FedEx and UPS have been known to collude, and there's currently a lawsuit pending related to FedEx and UPS colluding to shut down third-party negotiators. ASP.NET MVC is really lights years ahead of other ways of building .NET apps, and is conceptually close to Rails in many ways. (Alas, its backstory is very OSS and un-Microsoft) I've used other pieces of software, even some paid-for PHP features, so I agree as to the spam problem. I was thinking more along the lines of disabling comments by default, and making it a bit of a chore to enable, to make point-and-click installs less of an attack vector. You'd end up blocking all traffic then. When was was the last time you pulled robots.txt? As was identified, most of the scraping occurs via Selenium. Selenium just automates a real browser, so it'd look like 100% legit traffic with a legit user agent (it defaults to using Firefox) Selenium executes Javascript, as do other WebKit-based scrapers, like phantom.js. In my hardware comparison, yes, the iPhone 5. (I've also owned the 4S, 4, and 3G) Not sure how you could filter Selenium. A well written script looks like normal traffic. I've done a lot of automation with Selenium, on EC2. (For the curious, it was on behalf of clients with legit access, not wholesale pillaging of a public resource) 1) You can block EC2 wholesale. You've mentioned issues with this, and can be bypassed via VPN or using another network. EC2 is attractive because it's so cheap (with spot instances, starts at 0.3 cents per hour), but it's not the only option. 2) Timing. Normal traffic isn't rapid fire. Many scrapers, however, fire off their scripts as quickly as possible. Block traffic that doesn't have enough meaningful pauses. 3) Report addresses to Amazon. I really don't know if they'd take action. 4) Reverse lookup, or whitelist addresses. I know if it's a legitimate source (like Flipboard) they'd probably work with you at least a little bit. Reverse lookup might not be successful, but maybe that can help you whitelist any legit sources that map their AWS IP to a legit DNS name. Most scrapers use the AWS external domain name. Also, I imagine legit sources give you a distinctive user agent, so that can help you let traffic through. However, if you have a public resource, this is simply an issue you have to deal with. Anayltics: I'd just filter out traffic scraped traffic from your analytics. Content duping: blocking scrapers won't stop this. If someone stealing your content can't scrape at 0.5 cents per hour, they'll pay someone 5 cents an hour to copy/paste. You just have to use the same diligence others use, in terms of reporting to Google, etc. Perfomance: use Varnish/nginx/etc to combat performance hit from scrapers. This change affects specific architectures, without regard to how they perform. Not all scrapers spider a site's contents. Sometimes they are going after something specific. Presumably folks would use it to post screenshots relevant to the code being discussed. I hope if you build it, you charge. I really don't think the world needs another remix of social for the average users. "Should" should be based on your needs (if you want to work for free, let me outsource some of my work to you), not whether or not the socialsphere needs it. The issue with these comparisons is that it tends to be about VMs and storage only. A modern applications requires a lot of moving pieces. Setting up and managing, say, a queue service, has costs associated with it where something like SQS becomes a serious value add. I don't think so. There's some Adobe heavyweights involved with the project. The flipside is Twitter Bootstrap, which was never an "official" Twitter project. https://medium.com/what-i-learned-building/b95033c270af Good for Uber! We love disruption. So when we talk about developers working for $5/hour outsourced, that's disruption too, right? Discussion of that tends to go a bit differently .... I think CodeSchool.com is great, and well worth the cost. You actually don't type out a tutorial, but rather, have to think about the material covered, and code a similar version. I looked at some of the author's titles - they all had one star He's been using Go much longer than probably 99.9% of those who are critical of (insert language here) I'm pretty sure the code shown is the "hacker"'s code, for demo's sake. That said, the server address redacted out doesn't appear to be a Yahoo domain from what I can see. That tells me that it's a third-party that was broken into. Something doesn't add up here, or at least there's pieces missing: 1) Source code show (presumably the attacker's?) shows MySQL usernames/passwords (as implied by variable names) 2) SQL injection attack screen shows errors in System.Data.SqlClient namespace - this is SQL Server: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.data.sqlclien... Might mean nothing. Article says the attacker had access to 12 databases, so maybe it's a mix of different platforms. Still, the 2 screenshots really don't corroborate one another. Get as close to the OS vendor as possible. Less deviation from original intent, presumably more focus on engineering (yes, I know Nexus phones aren't made by Google, but by various vendors who also make their "own" versions), and you get updates much faster in the event of a security concern. I have an S3 - I knew I was getting outside of the Android ecosystem to some degree when I first powered up the phone and saw the AT&T logo splash screen. Then you get into the phone and see all the cute little Samsung apps. Reminds me of buying a Windows PC :-) You can regain some of what I described above by rooting and locking your phone down. However, as you described your needs, an iPhone is ideal. An Android phone gives you a lot of power, but it doesn't sound like you need that much power, and for most people, security trumps customization. Because it should be. That's actually not the correct answer. For most developers, it's not hard. Not only is it not hard, it's a joy to learn a language, or two, or eight. If this is a struggle, perhaps this is a barometer that you're on the wrong path. I'm not saying coding should be limited to the elite. If you want to learn code because there's something burning inside of you, that's awesome. However, I'm thinking of the MBA founder who decided the startup thing was the ticket. They discover they need a developer, and that's expensive. "Hey, this can't be that hard! I'll just learn to code!" I see this movement, and it's scary. Not scary because it's a threat to me. Scary because I'm a decent developer (been doing it sine 1998), and there's a lot of mean scary people who are smarter than me who want to break into code I've written. I can't imagine how insecure code from someone who wrote their first line 6 months ago. Learning is cool, we were all there. The idea that production apps are being launched based on this experience level definitely isn't cool. I might be totally off base here, but I feel like this is a rising trend. Crackers are going to have a field day with all the superduper.ly's out there. It takes 3-5 years to get a marketing or management degree. Anyone who thinks they are going to learn to code in 3 months and build the next Instagram is so delusioned they make the most southern Baptist church look like a center for logical discourse. Those are both the same HN URL - looks like you mistakenly copied the URL for the 2nd by the 1st. :-) Working for small company doing web/business intelligence/SOA work, but definitely not a startup. They are profitable though :-) “Please don’t let us name the browser after a feminine hygiene product!” Ironic that this was a concern, given the later iPad has a low capacity for complex thought So rude. I'm sure you have a lot of good things to say (given your other posts), but resorting to insults and ad hominems is the sort of thing that comes from those who have a low capacity for intellectual discussion. Besides, per the URL you provided, it's a 10 page printout, not 3. 1) Available domains totally broken. Searched for "auction" - it told me auction.com was available, as well as sell.com, sale.com, etc 2) Unlike domai.nr, it will send me to an affiliate (obviously the purpose of the site) even if they don't handle that particular TLD (for example, GoDaddy and .ly) people feeling like they were being sold out Of course they're being sold out. They are the product - product gets sold. Anyone who thinks they aren't the product is delusional. Facebook didn't pay $1B to sell users filters, or hope they login to Instagram.com and click ads. No, they were purchased for their network value. Did you read the article, and not just the title? The article talks about all the challenges that Motorola is dealing with to deliver such a phone. Moreover, the article discusses Samsung as more of the competitor to beat, to ensure that there's more than one big player in the Android space. Samsung's devices are tailored to their branded experience. The concern is that Samsung forks Android and makes it their own creature, in the same way that a Kindle Fire is tailored to the Amazon experience. I have both an iPhone 5 and an S3. As I've written about in other threads, the app ecosystem is what keeps me on the iPhone (I have one main line, a second for testing; either phone could be flipped into either role if I wanted), even though I think the S3 has superior hardware and OS. Very true, but isn't Samsung more spread out than Apple? I'd like to see it broken down by product segment. (Even then Samsung has a number of phones, many that are positioned other than as iPhone competition) My understanding is that this article was in response to various questions that were asked of him on the Ruby Rogues Parley list (all guests are on the list, and others can pay to be on the list). Of course, recent topics he covered like hypermedia were colored by those recent discussions. By that logic, all of the startups that begin only serving their local market (many start in SF and expand beyond once it's viable; true in many other locations as well) would be 1/10 or 2/10. Thought this had been around a while - used it to plan flights for my last 2 conferences (3+ months ago) For most apps, an HTML wrapper like PhoneGap works great, so might as well do both at the same time. DHH has long held that Rails meets his (Basecamp's) needs first, so the whims of the chef hold true. Implicit in this post was the idea that it's not the only serious tool for serious work, and if you don't like the chef's choices, you're better served in a different restaurant than complaining about the menu in this one. Even if you've staked your career on Rails, it's important to realize it's your choice, but his framework. Yes, you could help it. The connection you made applies to any language/framework. This is just his blog. He's the chef of a framework, not an avowed HTML guru. Have you seen the design for YCombinator.com? 1998 called and it wants its Arial font, and tags back. By your logic, YCombinator is worthless for helping Web startups launch. Probably related to Rails 4. Once it's gold, I'm sure he'll have less to say. I think it depends on the why. I have Cystic Fibrosis, which has a 98% infertility rate among males (edit: not so much infertile as much as CF gives you a built-in vasectomy). IVF is an option, but my wife's age (36) means the clock is ticking and nothing is guaranteed. I can't speak for her, but I'd like them, but have put myself in a place where my life's outlook isn't defined by whether or not I'm ever a parent. When I first heard of Facebook, I was in high school. Spoken like it was ages ago.. does this mean I'm old now? (to juxtapose, when I was in high school, I first heard of the WWW) Like it or not, FB is ubiquitous for many. People will use it to make important announcements. "What do you mean you didn't know I was engaged? I announced it on Facebook!" The counter is that it's rude to assume everyone is on Facebook. The same, however, can be said of email or SMS. There will always be some testing of IE6 by developers on clean WinXP VMs. As testing becomes easier and easier (see apps like browserling.com) there may be increased usage of older browsers. I'm not familiar with this situation - was it a public comment? If so, discussion of the work you do for your employer - their intellectual property - could get you fired. Check out the PeepCode "Full Stack node.js" screencasts - it shows building a full app using CoffeeScript. https://peepcode.com/products/full-stack-nodejs-i You're not saying anything. If you don't sue, you lose them by default. I wonder if the discussion changes if we use the same argument against HN-beloved companies, like Buffer or Stripe. A company named Stripe Processing that processes credit cards would be safe, as I'm referring to the "stripe" on every credit card, not a specific company. See my comment on company names like Buffer and Stripe It's easy and popular to reference Jobs. Let's be careful of cargo culting though, and let's omit that anecdote and see if the conclusion is the same. In addition, the article paints a vision of a company filled with employees weary and worn out from the scientific approach of the lean startup. I'm not sure why this is necessarily true. Jobs was known to berate his employees and push them to the breaking point, all in the name of his vision. All the documentation and layout needs a lot more work. Yes, clicking links to get a small page of content to only find another link to click .. gets old really fast. (Old as in it feels like the Java documentation circa 2001) Interesting to post this 4 days after another terminal version of Hacker News http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4992951 Maybe should have put "another" in the title? :-) You're assuming that because the contractor has a higher paycheck that it's more expensive. This isn't necessarily true. Any discussion should be framed in terms of what you and you wife decide is best for your family and your children. There's no "I" or "me" in that conversation. The Lifestyle Business and Tropical MBA podcasts give some insight into this world. Basic idea is to set up "lifestyle business(es)" that provide you enough financial freedom to travel, etc. Downside is that the lifestyle is your passion, not the work you do, and it has a definite non-hacker approach. Reminds me of the channel stuffing that Samsung, Motorola, and others did to tout their tablets sales. Also reminds me of articles that identify the dominance of Android 9 or 10 months after an iPhone has shipped (and when a flagship Android device has recently shipped). I tend to agree, but I was latching on to the commonly accepted definition, as Wikipedia defines it: "A lifestyle business is a business that is set up and run by its founders primarily with the aim of sustaining a particular level of income and no more; or to provide a foundation from which to enjoy a particular lifestyle." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lifestyle_business Had to reread this a couple of times: AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. Gotta love corporate America. True, though it's interesting that you can purchase UVerse at an AT&T Mobility store. (I have a friend who's an AT&T store manager) While it has the appearance of being one company, I guess it's the rough equivalent of an "affiliate" sale. ColdFusion, a language derided by many, has more absolute job postings than Scala, Clojure, and Groovy: http://www.indeed.com/jobtrends?q=scala%2C+coldfusion%2C+clo... (Of course, the obvious growth trend shows that won't always be the case) This means .. absolutely nothing. The original linked chart showed little more. I doubt Scala developers are excited by the day they finally catch up with ColdFusion. The relative trend chart might lead one to believe that they'd be better focusing on Scala than Java, even though there's about 100X more jobs postings for Java. (per Indeed's data) I knew what to expect when I turned my Galaxy S3 for the first time and saw the AT&T logo pop up. (Let's not get into the bloatware installed) Explains the angst against WordPress themes copying the interface. It's not an artistic issue, but a money one. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4993094 As I understand Balanced Payments, it's for the other side of the transaction: Stripe is about people giving you money, but Balanced Payments is for sending others money (where you do a straight ACH deposit). (As opposed to paying them via Stripe, or PayPal, etc) I grew up in a "small town", so I'm a bit paranoid, always looking around me when crossing streets, in parking lots, etc. I've found that people tend to walk around oblivious to the several ton devices propelled towards them. That's the world we live in. As we're a society that feels like we have to protect ourselves from ourselves (and litigation), I can't see a situation where we wouldn't have such warnings. So you want a low barrier of entry listing of freelance work that doesn't have any of the folks that are attracted to low barriers of entry listings? If that's the approach you want, you need to ask yourself if you're a value add over "cheap" developers, worth more for any reason other than the fact that you have a higher cost of living. $AAPL took a beating due to poor stock levels of the iPhone 5. Two months after release you need to write software and tap into an API to have a shot at buying a Nexus 4? A similar failure. I don't think "Rails generation" means only Rails. I think the idea is that we're so dependent on frameworks these days, there are massive pieces of our application that we have no clue how they work, and worse, we trust the framework authors implicitly. More and more we're seeing the downfalls of this. As Rails is essentially the best known and most deployed, hence the name. Think about it: for most apps, probably 95% of your code is a framework that you didn't write. When this is criticized, the response is typically "open source unicorns! speak no more!" Moreover, there seems to be a different level of forgiveness just because it's open source. If ASP.NET WebForms had the same level of security holes in the past years as Rails ... just wow. I love frameworks, and I think an average team would on the whole write less secure code than an open source framework would. If we want maximum transparency into our code, we'd go back to CGI written in C, but our productivity would tank, and looking back, the boom of recent years never would have happened. However, we need a different attitude. Let's be honest: the arguments about open source are mostly a lie. Yeah, I went there. No, I'm not advocating closed source. Too many hang their hat on the ideals of open source. We're not talking ideals. We're talking rubber meets the road, cash leaves the bank reality. "Anyone can view the source - many eyeballs makes it more secure." The truth is, there aren't that many eyeballs. How many download, or (for the real technology ninjas) git clone, and trust what they're working with (whether app or framework) by a faith that rivals any religious organization? As an industry, we need to read more code. We need to push back against the Barnes and Noble developer, the one who paid $29 for a book and now calls themselves a developer because they finished it front to back. Not everyone needs to be a senior engineer, but we have too many with that title after 3 years of building framework apps who couldn't code their way out of a CS101 class if they had Donald Knuth and Dennis Ritchie as their personal tutors. This is pure supposition, but I think if at least 10% of those who used Rails read Rails, it'd be far more secure. So where's DHH's long blog post? Last I checked, he was still in charge. He's quick to talk about hypermedia, or his latest Le Mans effort, or how profitable Rails apps are. You say that like it's an epic conquest to learn Rails. You assume that people who criticize Rails haven't learned it. Probably a large number of haters, yes, but there's also plenty who have taken the weekend or so it takes to get a good working knowledge of Rails. That's what makes Rails great: you can be productive fast. I'd venture to say there's more Java/C# devs who know Rails than vice-versa. "Ass-kicking"? Is this high school football or professional programming? If a language or framework has major security holes, it should fail in the marketplace, no matter how much "ass kicking" it has done. Rereading your post, I'm going to assume it's a troll post. After all, when I see your username, I can't help but imagine, "Do a couple of quick sets down at Gold's, then come back and slam out some Rails, yeah brah!" I'd encourage you to read those vulnerabilities, not just Google to disprove me. I'm speaking specifically on the ability for someone to remotely execute code on a ASP.NET WebForms application, and that was just a random example. What you linked to was comparable to saying Groovy is insecure because of the most recent vulnerability found in Java browser plugins. ( http://www.itpro.co.uk/645031/new-java-7-bug-prompts-calls-f... ) I never claimed we shouldn't leverage well-written projects. I do challenge the idea that there's many eyeballs: most download and have faith. There's a bunch of eyeballs, yes, but not nearly as many as we tell ourselves. You're totally right about frameworks resulting in better, more secure apps. However, much of that is relative: when most apps are hand-crafting SQL, JavaScript, and form handling, a framework is heads above other apps, especially when most attackers go for low-hanging fruit. However, when we get to a point where most apps are in frameworks, where would attackers turn their attention? Is an app inherently secure, or secure because it's less of a target? (Think the Mac vs. PC security arguments) Mine the comments. I typically get more information there, and you'd save everyone from engaging in "OMG! Someone is WRONG on the Internet!" Hell, you could have a full newsletter: "Best of patio11 Weekly" :-) All of the sites with Applets I go to do this in Chrome on OSX (unless I've explicitly said the site is trusted after the first time I run it) (Can't recall a site off the top of my head, else I'd post a screenshot) I've heard the games argument over and over, as if it's true for everyone. I'm a 35 year old male, and I could care less about games. I want a decent game, I'll pull out my phone and download something for a buck or free. If I want a better experience, I suppose I'd buy a console and then have the ability to rent from GameFly. (back when I had a Wii, I thought it was pretty cool to download old games from the 80's, I'll admit) There's a subset of the market: those who want a better gaming experience due to better hardware than a console provides and are willing to drop $60 a pop for the privilege. That may be you, but don't extrapolate to the population. There's a ton of people who don't have time or interest for something more than Angry Birds. I've heard too many discussions about Windows that indicate that games is the only real compelling advantage, and if that's true, that means a large portion of the market is ambivalent. Indeed. Business sales will continue. I certainly don't plan on running Android as the base OS on a development machine. I'm failing to find recent statistics, but I've seen numbers that indicate that 80%+ of licenses for Office are the Home and Student editions. (Even so, the higher cost of business versions makes this a less relevant statistic) No matter what, Microsoft still relies heavily on sales to home and college users. Windows 8 has a definite non-business interface. Depends on what that means. If you base it on their high of ~700, yeah, their current price ~500 looks pretty bad. However, they started out 2012 ~400. 20% gain in a year is pretty rock solid. What do you have against a building materials company?