Google's service must be better, right? Otherwise, people would just pay half the price. What exactly is wrong with charging a fair price in a competitive market. They might even be able to take some of those extra nickels, hire more people and build even more services. Maybe people can start asking their IT departments why they are still using IE6? Chromium will give you the latest builds. You will also need to use it if you want to use plugins on Linux or Mac. We are very close to having consumer robots drive a burst of innovation. We need the Apple II of robotics then we're off! "respect the environment" This is a local rule that needs to be learned? Doesn't this come up every generation? Let's hope they put wifi in the next gen Kindle's. It's crazy that they left it out. Denial is a wonderful thing. People said that "Sun was setting" for about a decade. The warnings were ignored and now the entity known as Sun is gone. The world would have been a better place if it survived. RIP. ...the year of the Linux phone. Android arrives in a big way. We're saving the desktop for last. :-) http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=graph+1%2F10%28ln%28x%2... This is a solved problem. http://stackoverflow.com Pick your topic, search for questions, and ask them. Scala, Clojure, Squeak, Rails... http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scala http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/clojure http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/squeak http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ruby-on-rails These days it's much easier to go from noob to expert in whatever topic, even if the topic is a bit esoteric. The great thing is that you're throwing down breadcrumbs for the next guy. If we could only turn these egos loose on a race to the moon...or something similar The X-Prizes are great but these guys are putting more money, research and effort into building faster ships when there are much bigger, and more interesting, problems to solve. The glass is half empty? I think you're completely missing the point. It's really up to each community (Haskell, Lisp, Scala, Clojure, etc.) to develop their appropriate sections of StackOverFlow. I've been on an Lisp bent lately, mainly Emacs Lisp. Think of a good question and ask it. You'll be throwing down breadcrumbs for the next guy who wants to learn an esoteric language. I've got 86 questions, and the last dozen have been mainly about Lisp, of some flavor. http://stackoverflow.com/users/5020/melling I'm going to turn Emacs Lisp into a mainstream developer tool. :-) Joel and Jeff don't create the content for the site, the communities do. The fact that other communities haven't moved into their sections en masse is not their fault. It's YOUR (ie. everyone else) FAULT. For example, I tried to get the Grails community to use StackOverFlow when the site first started and their attitude was that they would rather just use the mailing list and sift through Nabble. http://archive.codehaus.org/lists/org.codehaus.grails.user/m... The problem isn't with StackOverFlow, it's with the other communities refusing to adopt something new. "After all, IRC is where all the best people hang out...who needs this .Net thing..." I'm currently learning Lisp. You wouldn't be able to get this kind of an answer on a mailing list or on IRC. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2264267/generating-a-quiz... This .Net/C# site just made it easier to learn Haskell, Lisp, Erlang, Scala... a little irony not to be overlooked. StackOverFlow provides structure and organization to the information. I've dug through enough email threads that ended at a dead-end to be able to say that the structure is welcome. People tag their questions, while others vote on the questions and answers. Question titles are matched against the database when people enter new questions. Admins "close" duplicates, and stop trolling. The reputation "economy" provides a way to get an answer. StackOverflow isn't perfect but it is a big step forward in organizing the information so that that the data can be searched more effectively. http://stackoverflow.com/search There are 500,000+ questions tagged. Some are great, some are not. Joel and Jeff don't provide either of these. We do! Don't try this on a mailing list. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/101268/hidden-features-of... Android phones will pass the iPhone within 24 months in monthly sales. Android is simply creating a bigger market by being free and multi-vendor. Study math or physics. You should be able to get a programming job out of college, if you still want to write code. I knew a really good programmer who studied Latin in college. Getting an entry level programming job with another degree shouldn't be too difficult. Do really well in physics or math and you'll be fine. How about we want an open standards Internet and the 90% monopoly Microsoft has on the desktop really endangers that? After all, ms wouldn't give a crap about open standards unless pushed. They have a 90% desktop monopoly, and have had one for almost two decades. The Internet, mobile devices and the browser will finally fix this problem. Competition is good for consumers and the Europeans are making an effort to increase it. Imagine if General Motors sold 90% of all cars. Good for consumers or bad? You don't remember Bill Gates testifying in court that IE could not be unbundled from the OS? IE is still a choice. IE9 will be a much better product because of the changing browswer landscape. The progress of the Internet really has suffered because MS didn't put much effort into IE development. It is the worst browser and it has the most market share. As far as browsers go, how would you rate IE? Is it the best? Second best? Probably third or fourth? It has over 60% market share in the world. 18 months ago, it was over 70%. I would argue that this has more to do with Microsoft having 90% desktop market share and IE is the default browswer. I saw the talk in NYC. From the questions asked, I'm under the impression the system scales quite well. According to Crunchbase, they now have about 400k users. http://www.crunchbase.com/company/foursquare I'm not sure that it matters which technology is used. However, it is helpful for developers to be able to point to large, successful sites that are written in Python, Ruby, Scala, Clojure, etc. because management is not going to take a chance on something that's "unproven". It usually requires overwhelming evidence to convince someone not to keep using the status quo. Java/JSP, for example. There are companies that can't make the move from Java 1.4 to 1.5, for some reason. I was surprised by the number of Linux phones that shipped. Don't hear a lot about them. If Android is added to the Linux count, Linux phones have essentially caught up with Windows Mobile. Hmmm... Read the top voted comment on this recent Hacker News post. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1137337 I'm not sure why everyone thinks Microsoft is a changed company. They still have 90% desktop market share. I guess everyone is too busy discussing the Google "monopoly" with 70% search. Microsoft is, of course, doing what's in their best interest, as should all companies. They aren't running a charity and they are obligated by law to serve their stockholders. However, it really is bad for consumers when there is not enough competition. Now I can read all those bullet trains stories. I hear someday they may come to America. http://www.popsci.com/results?query=bullet+trains Never look back! We might be being a little premature on being on the cusp of a new era. All this technology and science takes time. For example, the war on cancer started almost 40 years ago. We are from a cure. We have so much more to learn before we can really extend life or "cure" death. Yeah, someday we'll have high-speed rail in the US. It will probably take at least a decade to get the first one, if not a little longer. In the meantime, read how GM paid to destroy our mass transit system so people would buy more cars. http://www.trainweb.org/mts/ctc/ctc06.html This is a big problem and could seriously hurt the brand. It felt great to upgrade my original iPhone to the latest OS. Google needs to push companies to allow people to upgrade Android. It shouldn't matter if you buy a "cheap" $50-$100 phone with a 2 year contract. Google is building a brand and it needs to keep people excited about their product. Buying a new phone that is 3 or 4 revs behind will certainly dishearten people. Can someone confirm that I can swap the sim between my iPhone and a Nexus One? I've been doing some Android development and I need some hardware. Would it be wrong to say we're ending the first decade of the 21st century and I was really hoping for a lot more tech. Most of us grew up on sci-fi. I'd say we're a little behind schedule. "Sorry Dave, I can't do that." is a pretty old movie quote. Wow, free FedEx overnight shipping. Google must be making a nice profit. Doesn't this all become irrelevant later this month when Verizon starts selling the phone? Can I just delete all of my questions and leave the board? Sun wanted to sell you theirs for $$$$. Now that AMD and Intel are at it, we'll have 8-12 cores for $200 in a few years. Things did seem to slow down a bit on the multi-core front. I was beginning to wonder what happened. These icons look pretty straight forward. http://aquamacs.org/ There is a nice File, Edit... menu that goes along with it. Close your eyes and pretend the rest of the complexity doesn't exist and it will be no different than using Notepad, etc. When you want more, open your eyes a little. No. All electronic devices. Built with the Netbeans Java IDE. http://netbeans.org I think he was being overly optimitic in the first place. Microsoft doesn't want a cross platform system. They were just throwing out a bone with C#. Having their tools be truly cross platform is not in their best business interest, and no one blames them. Miguel should have understood this when he started Mono. I picked David because his achievements seemed more concrete. The "marketing" and "sustainability" stuff sounded like fluff to me. I didn't read much more of the article after I found out he chose the other guy. Now let's pretend that he decides to live in front of your house. That's ok, right? What's the harm? Providing for homeless people is definitely society's responsibility. I don't think we really want to make people "institutions" and call them iconic because they've camped out somewhere for a long time. If 100 people decide to camp out in Time Square because there's a lot of tourist quarters to gather, is this ok? Should we grant seniority if there are ever too many? I'm sure you've heard the stories about "homeless" people in NYC who make a good living begging for small change and have nice apartments. It sounds great but can't they get rid of the ugly meters too? In NYC, there's a box on the block instead. Haven't used one in a while but I think you get a printed receipt. You probably don't even need a box. Everyone can just go to a web page and see the status for the block, including the meter person. Next, RFID in car talks to parking spot? :-) I wonder what this poor guy from Bolivia knew? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1230939 This works in both apps, and many other apps. Cmd-shift-} Cmd-shift-{ It even works in the version of emacs that I use. And this is not an April Fool's joke. The app store hadn't updated for me when I first saw this. Then the actual buy screen still said $49.99. Now I can't buy it because it's being modified in the store. Sometimes Hacker News is too quick with the news. :-) I imagine this app is at worth at least the price of a cup of coffee. What did you change it to? I tried a UA of iPhone but that didn't work on the couple of sites that I viewed. Got it. http://www.onedigitallife.com/2005/08/03/changing-safaris-us... http://www.labnol.org/tech/ipad-user-agent-string/13230/ A bit of a cliche response. The fact is one can write maintainable code if they so choose and 20+ years later people are still solving real problems with it. It would be great if they cleaned up the language a little and finish Perl6, but in the meantime, Perl 5.x and CPAN ( http://www.cpan.org/ ) are still quite relevant. It might work in a place like New York City. One of the Android groups here is doing some OpenGL stuff. We're trying Blender, but most of us are a little challenged. http://www.nycjava.net/JSPWiki/Wiki.jsp?page=JavaMobileStudy... Yeah, and I predicted the iPhone a decade before it happened. Not by Apple, but I described device in long drawn out geek conversations with friends. Basically, the premise was that we only need to carry one device, and that would be a phone. We should be able to slide our phone next to a keyboard and monitor then have it become our desktop computer. This will happen someday. I'm still predicting it. At any rate, predictions are meaningless. The real trick is to take an idea, even a small one, and invent the future, or at the very least turn it into a business. That's where people have real talent. It's infinitely more difficult than predicting the future. What I would give for some of that talent. :-( At this point, there are plenty of Objective C developers. Apple doesn't need to change its minds. A few years ago perhaps. There will continue to be a steady stream of great apps. What could happen is that a developer might get permanently banned for using the Adobe tools, thus locking themselves out of the iPhone market. What's great is that Google is getting everyone upgraded to each new browser. If only Microsoft could do that with IE, and Mozilla with Firefox. Too bad Google isn't as effective with Android versions. I think people are forgetting how long it took to get Flash on Linux. All platforms are beholden to Adobe to get Flash ported. As a business, Adobe can't support every OS and device that appears. Where's Flash for Android? Oh, it's coming... HTML5/JavaScript is a more open technology and we finally have several good browsers. Most come with source! Today Java is even more open, and no one is complaining. You can download the source for Java, but you can't get the Flash source. Apple is accelerating the adoption, and hopefully the evolution, of HTML5. In two years, perhaps even one, no one is going to miss Flash on the iPhone and iPad. This is great. Now maybe if people can get as upset about Microsoft not better supporting HTML5, in particular the canvas tag. http://www.webmonkey.com/2010/03/internet-explorer-9-shows-u... IE9 is a big improvement for Microsoft. However, if they included more support for HTML5, developers could get "all their wood behind one arrow." I thought reason we had a problem with social security was because we ignored the underfunding problem for years. My entire life I've been hearing "don't count on social security when you get older", and I'm no spring chicken. RISC will rise again! Seriously though, it will be great to have as much competition as possible. I want my next phone to be quad-core and run for a week on a charge. A lot of competition is the quickest way to get companies to produce their best work. Look at what Intel did once AMD gave them a good kick. The real trick is that both companies need to remain strong. AMD needs to get back in the game. How many nations have put a man into space? I think we're up to three. I can't say I'm all for a race to Mars, but I think need to make constant progress, and we can't let the program fall apart. It will cost even more money and years to restart it. As it currently stands, we have a space station and for the next few years America won't own a ship to get there. Well, if they really believe it they should be aggressively funding electric/hybrid and fuel cell vehicles. They've got the kind of budget that can make a big difference in innovation. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darpa Not a great article but he's right. We need another good input device. Ideally, Bluetooth enable and will work with future phones too. Just buy his books. He does a great job. Hacker News books all the way! Most people are not going to miss Flash on their iPhones/iPads. All the major sites will soon offer HTML5 for video and there will be 250,000 apps in another year. I think it's the idea of Apple forbidding Flash more than actually really needing Flash this is annoying some people. I bought the Simplenote app for the iphone so I could be more productive on the go. I was going to try and write a novel. However, I'm settling for taking notes for my blog and apps that I'm writing. I think mobile learning and productivity are going be big in the future. Want to learn Spanish while on the go? I'm working on it. :-) http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=h4labs Are you asking why Apple allows the same stuff you can find in a Barnes & Nobles but refuses to allow porn? Maybe Steve does the B&N test? Microsoft has 90% desktop market share and 90% office market share. Where does Apple have a monopoly where they can drive the market? A mistake or two and they will have a problem. Look at Nokia or Motorola. This is the attitude many have had for decades. We had a recent debate about drilling in Alaska and many said "things are different now, and the ecological impact would be small." We don't need to drill in these places. We aren't going to run out of our current sources for decades. In time prices are going to rise and people will be forced to drive smaller, more fuel efficient vehicles, but it is about time. I read most of my Hacker News from an iPhone. I feel less guilty not "dedicating" too much time to it, and I get in my fix a little more often. What is important is that IE is no longer the de facto standard. 60% is much better than 90%. I remember 6-7 years ago when developers thought they were done when it worked in IE6. They didn't feel the need to support other browsers. Browsing in Linux was difficult because things never looked (or worked) right. Now with so many options, developers need to target standards. I agree that some sort of pen based solution would be useful. Imagine a screen where we could write anywhere on it then select any area, like a drawing, and paste the text. Being able to compose our own notebooks like Leonardo is the endgame. http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8... That's correct. And the iPad is just a tablet notebook like the one from Microsoft in 2000. http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/features/2000/nov00/11-13... And the iPhone is really just a cleaned up smart phone. StackOverFlow took an old idea, cleaned it up and made a better product. Seems pretty simple after the fact. Getting the small things right in a product really makes a big difference. StackOverFlow isn't perfect (and neither was the iPhone or iPad) but they got a good minimal viable product and now they're off to the races. Books aren't set up for discussion. I'm guessing that you think they aren't good for "fishing" either? The basic idea with StackOverFlow is to ask well-defined questions and get well-defined answers, without the long messy threaded response found in most forums. The worst is when the thread ends in a dead end. The wiki feature and the ability to include formated code are very useful. The reputation economy is essential, so more questions get answered, including older ones. What happens in a forum when no one answers a question? Ask again a few days later? Also, they do have short discussions through comments, which I have found to be effective. Finally, I think you, and many others, are completely missing the point of StackOverFlow, and hopefully other future sites like it. If say, for example, 100,000 people are learning [Lisp, Scala, Java, C++, Go, jQuery, C#, etc], they are going to have the a lot of similar questions that really only need to be asked once, with one or two solutions provided. Now the next 99,999 people don't need to ask the same question. So, now we have taken the FAQ and improved upon it by creating it dynamically through voting, and question matching. There are various improvements that could be done to StackOverFlow. They are essentially creating a huge database of programming knowledge. Ideally it, or a similar project, could be organized to enable someone to start learning any new topic and become proficient by browsing and searching the site. Questions could be further categorized to enable better filtering (eg. Mac OS bug, compiler warning message, compiler error message), include specific version solutions (eg. Java 1.5, Java 1.6). A Rosetta Stone feature could be added linking solutions. For example, the question: "How do I reverse a string in [Java]?" could provide links to the Perl, C#, Java, Lisp, Scheme, Javascript solutions. Google is moving to HTML5 on YouTube so there is no benefit here: http://www.youtube.com/html5 Android should just do h.264 video. There is less overhead. Also, won't apps written directly for the native (Java) APIs on Android provide better results? Aren't "native" Windows or Mac apps usually better on their respective platforms? AIR is a nice idea but adding one more layer on a phone with limited resources has to cost something in terms of app performance, battery life, and/or usability. It's good that Google is supporting Flash. However, I think they just need to be careful to make sure that there are a lot more "native" Android apps. Microsoft has had 90% desktop market share for over a decade, with no end in sight. Apple doesn't have that kind of market share, and it's doubtful they can get even close. There's way too much competition with Google, RIM, Palm(hp) and even Microsoft. Google is very strong, microsft will never quit and Palm has another life. Another SA story on high-speed trains in America. I've been reading these stories for 30 years. I finally took the Osaka to Tokyo bullet train last weekend. It was very cool. The more interesting thing was they print your arrival time on the ticket, for whatever stop (eg Kyoto), and that's the exact time you arrive. With Amtrak, you can easily expect a 10 minute delay. Two weeks ago I waited 15 minutes for my girlfriend to arrive from her "45 minute" trip. She was just sitting on A train outside the station waiting for a track to open. So, we really have 2 problems. Slow trains and getting them to arrive on time. All good arguments. Unfortunately, Apple will cause a large reduction in the use of Flash, unless it becomes available on the iPad. scribd, for example, already decided to make the move to HTML5 even before the Apple/Adobe clash. Flash might be able to do more, and browser makers might be implementing an unratified HTML5 spec, but that is how it's going to happen. Bottom line: If a site wants to work on the iPad/iPhone, it needs to avoid using Flash. s 10b aapl go for coffee ... I've noticed you can't make mean comments that have a point either. Becoming pretty obvious? I thought it was really obvious almost 3 months ago. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1129465 The first demo was the most interesting use of Flash. Any demo with video is pointless. The iPad/iPhone are now going to drive sites from Flash video. I'm in the camp where I think together Apple and Google can fix html5 so that Flash isn't necessary. The web is much too important to be built around a plugin, unless Adobe completely open sources their plugin. There are almost 50 Android phones, and every major carrier sells at least one Android phone. Apple can't possibly win against that. In fact, they aren't trying to. They want to build the "best" (in Steve's eyes) phone in the world. They aren't trying to build the phone for everyone. These two tasks are mutually exclusive. Android will find its way onto $5 phones in the developing world, for example. But hey, that sure is a news grabbing headline. Let's not forget JRuby. Java might be stalled but the JVM is really starting to show a lot more value. http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/sensationalist I'm going to say that nothing was staged and we simply have a record of the events that occurred, after the initial attack. I don't think anything was done by the person recording the event to influence the audience. Having a video of an event can certainly provide more insight into an event than a well written article in the NYT. I had to order one online because all 4 Apple stores in Manhattan, and the closest store in NJ, are sold out. I originally thought they would only sell 5 million in the first twelve months. Now I'm guessing 12-15 million. Let's see what happens once you international units ship. 50 million units in 3 years? Mass market? I guess it's hard to be held accountable if they don't define exactly what they mean. People are creating accounts just to troll? Someone needs to address this. Didn't Alan Kay dream it up a couple of decades before that? As much as I am upset at BP, I think the American consumer needs to pay too. We need to tax gas to incentivize people to buy more efficient vehicles and fund alternate energy. Yes, windmills are expensive. Gas was already expensive a few years ago. The consequences were GM was screwed because they sold big cars. People will buy more fuel efficient cars as gas gets more expensive. That is already proven. We could also fund mass transit with the gas tax. We don't need a large tax. Start of with 25 cents and let's take it from there. Seems like http://www.lifelock.com is getting a little slow. Everyone is seeing if his ss# is still there? All Manhattan stores were sold out the weekend of the 8th. I gave up after a few days and ordered mine online. It arrives Friday... Probably be a short supply for a while. International sales are gonna be big too. Alan Kay told everyone in 1968. Dynabook? I'm getting a little tired of this "open" vs. "closed" debate. Someone should ask Richard Stallman what he thinks about writing C# on Windows. There's only one platform on which the millions of lines of C# using Window's CLR are going to run well. Truly open means your software can run anyway, with a bit of effort. Mac software doesn't port well to Windows, native Windows software doesn't port well to Linux. Mac and Windows are walled gardens, they're just bigger gardens. If we could only channel all the pointless effort that went into writing this article, and others like it, into some way to contribute to projects like Diaspora, we could actually accomplish a lot. Imagine if they could efficiently vacuum your floor and mow your lawn. We're still a long way from robot world domination. Until we devise a system where consumer products, or government grants, drive more research like this, the military war machine is necessary for this type of funding. Most public company's with deep pockets live quarter to quarter. Gotta beat those earnings estimates, by a lot. I'm coining "speed chess programming". Getting a bunch of programmings together to hack out a quick project with limited time to think about your next move. Do you have a breakdown of their net profits? My understanding is that the majority of their profits are still from Windows and Office. The other option is to find a market for what they can build. For example, bring more effective advertising to consumers in places they don't normally get it. Something eye catchy? My suggestion was to put ad dollars to good use. That's part of the formula for freemium. It's how X-Prizes are funded. Google is taking us to the moon. We're spending billions on ads every year. The paper kind that show up in my mailbox, that I immediately throw away, are worthless. Some would argue that they were always worth more. :-) It's interesting that this happened without breaking Microsoft's 90% desktop monopoly. Apple got bigger but it wasn't to the detriment of Microsoft. They just grew into new markets. Shameless plug: I wrote an Android app a few months ago to help learn/maintain Spanish. http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.h4labs.free.spanish_vocab I've been studying Spanish for several years, including 10 weeks in Guatemala. It's easy to get rusty and I always need a refresher so I wrote this app. Gonna add more grammar and hopefully turn it into a "real" app, including versions for French(started), German, etc. I hope too. Just got my iPad yesterday, and I have an iPhone too. There's so much I can do with the screen real estate on an iPad. Want to get my Android to a Pro version first. Working on the verb conjugator now. I got mine on Monday after much debating. Initially I was going to wait for the second generation because I know it will be so much better. In the store, the iPad felt a little heavy and basically like a big iPhone. After a few weeks, I took the "you only live once and it's cheap enough that I'll just by gen 2 if it's really that much better." By last night, I realized this thing is revolutionary, or the start of it. It's perfect for consuming the Internet and other information. The apps make a difference. Instapaper Pro, Good Reader, SimpleNote. I bought Numbers last night and I'm investigating whether Omnigraffle is any good(many poor reviews and a few positive ones and it's $50) Missing multitasking. Need To keep Pandora running. My only disappointment. That sounds relatively inexpensive. An average Shuttle mission costs almost $500 million. Investing in robot R&D and making space exploration cheaper seems like a no brainer. The US govt needs to convince the public that this is the sexy solution. http://wheels.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/06/22/motorcycle-helmet... The Chrome video was cool. I watched the "Making of" video and got bored pretty quickly and didn't finish watching it. A few months ago my gmail was slow I deleted my mail down from 23k msgs to under 1000. I nuke all unstarred msgs from mailing lists, etc. Seemed to help. Although still not lightning fast (like the Chrome browser :-)). I bought TextMate but still mainly use Emacs. However, I'd still pay for an upgrade. TextMate was incredible when I had to write a lot of HTML. A Windows and Linux version would be nice. Emacs runs everywhere and I don't always get to choose my platform. My fingers know what to do in emacs. TextMate everywhere would make retraining more worthwhile. Finally, I'd pay additional for a Linux version. My download count hasn't updated for a few days. Someone must be on vacation at Google. What's the most fair and effective way to stop these types of law suits? Perhaps these can be filtered through some other group of judges to determine if they have merit? Even lawyers realize the system is broken. http://www.ted.com/talks/lang/eng/philip_howard.html Good for Apple. It's great to see a company make big jumps in the consumer market. There are too many "me too" companies that won't take a chance and invent the next big thing. Can someone talk Steve Jobs into building a consumer robot? Someone needs to kickstart this market. Lots of new Mac and Linux users. Hopefully, some of the people will be dedicating some of their 20% time to improving the Mac and Linux platforms. Market share: Windows 90%, Mac 9%, Linux 1%. Where are virus writers going to put most of their effort? Windows being as secure as Mac wouldn't help make it safer because a lot more implemented exploits are going to exist in the wild. You have a nice ecosystem of Unix OS's. Solaris, OpenBSD, NetBSD, ... and a handful of major Linux distros: Ubuntu, Fedora, Suse, Gentoo, Debian, etc. Once you've gone Unix you have lots of choices, including the Mac. Did Google roll their own Linux? Which kernel do you target? which apps? http://www.virtualbox.org/ Just run Windows in a VM. You could even rdp or vnc into a few test boxes. How about a version built with the Adobe tools for the iPad the way Wired released their magazine. I'd also prefer to pay for 12 issues at once. The Internet cannot be built around a plugin from one company. We are much better off taking the one step back then moving two steps forward. Soon there will be at least five good browsers that support Html5/css3. If we can get canvas support in ie9, html5 usage is going to exploded. I bought the 3G iPad but I only plan on buying an AT&T plan when I know that I'm going to be somewhere without wifi for an extended period of time. I keep "marking the spot" on my iPhone. Yet my service seems to be getting worse. How much hard science can be done in this experiment? On most compatibility tests, IE9 always seems to come up way short. It looks really good on their tests. Where does IE9 really stand? What are the chances of getting support? IE9 could be the key to taking the web to the next level. So the countermove is for other browser vendors to go through the list and fix these "small" cases. This takes away any of IE9's bragging rights and we'll have 5 browsers that pass on this exact subset of tests. Microsoft is forced to be more compatible and html5 arrives on the scene sooner. IE9 takes us to 2014 or 2015. Let's push Microsoft to do even better. The problem with universities is that there are so few excellent ones that we don't get any of them competing on price. Every year tutition increases more than the rate of inflation. This can't continue forever. People think they need to pay $50k/year for an NYU education because the smaller, cheaper one located [insert your town] isn't nearly as good. Fair enough so it can't be done in HTML. Is it possible to have a simple HTML version for when Flash is not available? Flash is not available to most mobile users. Android users don't have Flash yet either. I have a Nexus One and I don't have Flash. Where is the Flash 9 plugin? Froyo isn't officially released yet. Millions of G1's will never get the Froyo upgrade. You are forced to use IE6 because the IT department decided that's all you need for your job. If sites stopped working in IE6 then people could make the case that they need a modern browser for their work. In the US and Europe, IE6 usage is around 5%. I think we're close enough to push IE6 completely out. It's a support "issue." Large IT departments will say that it requires extra support to install a second browser. Is it worth the "extra" cost in time and support? As a developer, in some organizations, you can't install anything on your own machine. So, you can't get your software to work on Firefox, for example. All your software simply has to work on the company standard browser. The idea is that you'll deal with it later...and 8 years later... Isn't this a bit political for Hacker News? We could be here all day. Yes, it was a little slow on my iPad. Couldn't get the AS3 demo to load. I guess the question we need to ask is "will html5 get faster?". For example, will we see 2x or 3x improvements in the next few years? Java, for example, was initially much slower than C++. Now it's quite competitive. We'll have gigabit fiber by then. 100mps will be wireless. Think back 10 years. How far have we come in a decade? The law is ridiculous or complying with it? I think some people live in a fairy tale world. North Korea, for example, recently sunk a South Korean ship killing 41 people. There really are bad people in the world. Personally, I think the Cuba issue is legacy and it's probably time to resolve it. The fear of communism is long gone. Now I think it's just a matter of a bunch of rich voters in Florida who want their nationalized land back, which probably isn't going to happen. 1) No I can't. Can you prove the opposite? No. Pointless argument. Yes! So why even make it? Can you find North Korea on this map? http://paradoxoff.com/north-korea-night-map.html I bet there aren't too many hackers staying up until dawn hacking on Notepad++. Why does a country with no electricity want to be on this list? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_states_with_nuclear_wea... People in power, or anyone else for that matter, really don't have the time to debate the finer points of the export laws (which includes free software), so it's probably better that they just made a simple law that even developers can understand. Someday, this will go away: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korean_Demilitarized_Zone Then software developers can find another problem that they can solve from the comfort of their Aeron chair. So, you are arguing that an accidental killing is the same as an intentional one? You do realize that the US killings were an accident, correct? Friendly fire...kind of like this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_Tillman Here's a friendly fire list on Wikipedia. Most probably don't get cataloged. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friendly_fire So, it's safe to assume it will happen again in every current and future war. The point is that wars are very ugly and imprecise. Now, I'm pretty sure that it is a war crime to intentionally kill innocent civilians, so yes, if the US starts doing this, I expect the rest of the world place embargos. At any rate, you are free to leave your comfort zone and make the world a better place. It's easy to complain and have all the answers. It's an entirely different matter to effect change. I'm sure at least half of those morons in Congress would have nailed you to the wall for making such a flawed case trying to prove your point. [Edit] I guess I only focused on his first statement. I addressed the common statement "Why does it hurt to allow the export of a text editor" in another post. In short, it's easier to make a blanket law. gcc, for example, could be used for weapons software development. Emacs? Well, it can run a version of Lisp! :-) Notepad++? Never used it. Anyway, who has time to evaluate every piece of software for export restrictions. Yes, people can get around them anyway, but that doesn't mean there shouldn't be speed bumps. Ugh. We should forbid political posts on Hacker News. Such a time suck... After reading through the other posts, I don't think Notepad++ was ever restricted by export controls. Sourceforge initially didn't allow them to specify that the software was not restricted by law so they restricted everyone. So, other than software that contains encryption, what software is restricted? I think it is usually understood that when people say html5, they are discussing the set of technologies that you mentioned, at least among developers. Unless another buzzword arises, the term html5 is going to stick. When the nyt or wsj write an html5 article, for example, do they really need to explain the details to their readers? Sign up for a github account. It's free and they have help. If you're on Windows, I've been told TortoiseGit is good. http://code.google.com/p/tortoisegit/ I wonder how many more decades before we get high-speed rail in the US... I've been on the trains in France and Japan and it's a great way to travel. You didn't say where you live. In the New York City area the reality is that driving a car is neither fun or convenient. Have you ever spent 40 minutes looking for a parking spot? We already have a problem and providing alternatives to driving is the only solution. Never liked reddit so I missed this entire resource until now. Thanks. I want all my non-perishables delivered this way. Let's get the robots to pack a more complex box. Sorry, the futuristic rail system will arrive a little later. Two steps forward, one step back. Right-sizing the boxes goes a long way towards using extra capacity. If you don't need them the next day, is shipping them in tractor trailers that much better? I've never worked in defense. Can someone explain what "these kind of people" means? People? They need to adopt Android. There aren't enough developers to support more than 2 or 3 platforms really well. Microsoft might be the 3rd. Tried to comment on his blog from my iPad but it didn't work. Basically he should throw in McDonalds, Panera, and other major chain that offers free wifi. Who decides in other systems? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_punishment#Global_distr... It seems like in some of these other systems, people are executed for non-violent crimes too. 432 miles is farther that I expected. Let's get high-speed trains running along the North East Corridor. NYC to Philly - 95 miles NYC to Washington DC - 225 miles NYC to Boston - 220 miles Washington to Bostin - 420 miles That Amtrak train isn't going 150mph. Gotta take the curves out the tracks. I was going to say that...or I was going to say that it's probably just simpler to open to one market where all issues are resolved then open it to other markets as issues in those markets become resolved. Can't decide which one sounds more logical. Were Gmail, Picasa, Buzz, Wave, and Google Docs available only in the US first when they were first released? I'm not sure what you mean by equivalent but would all 3 exist if they didn't have significant differences? Would they have gone off in search of the Holy Grail with Perl 6 if Perl didn't have a few nasty issues that needed to be cleaned up. I'm one of those guys who has used Perl for over 10 years. It was wilting and I'm glad to see some new life being breathed back into it. Perl6 was started in the year 2000. It's a lot more than a rev from 5.08 to 5.12, for example. Can you elaborate on some of the more details? For example, what concepts from Ruby and Python are they borrowing in Perl6 that don't exist in Perl5? Wikipedia didn't elaborate. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perl6#Goals Sure, at some high-level they're all the same, but the devil is in the details. Just saying they're all the same is specious. Isn't that pretty much the world in which we live? Nothing unusual, right? Competition is a good thing. People hate the idea of a Mac vs. PC "war", for example, but it was a good thing. In reality neither company really competes in OS's any longer. Neither Windows or Mac OS are really undergoing a lot of development these days. Apple and Microsoft are both content and off doing other things. Phones, tablets, games, databases, etc. Has all the interesting stuff been done with the OS? Why is this story #3 on Hacker News? The guy is probably wrong about the Mac Pro. Of course Apple is going to lead the way with USB3. The HN story where Steve says Apple will continue to make the best computers in the world is more interesting. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1457680 Look, I really dislike Microsoft, but we're not allowed to discuss why on HN. :-) However, IE9 really can catapult the Internet to the next level by being highly standards compliant and having great performance. Let's give them credit on this one. Safari, Chrome, Firefox, and Opera competing against a strong contender from Microsoft is a great thing. Search for my down voted response on this page. It refers to another HN post where Steve says Apple will continue to make the best computers in the world, meaning he hasn't lost focus on that market. The tablet did fail. They've been trying since the year 2000. http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/features/2000/nov00/11-13... I don't think the iPad's niche is for reading books. I'm sure Apple has all kinds of cool stuff in their labs that they don't announce because most will never see the light of day. Apple built their "tablet" first then decided that there was a possible market with smart phones. Three years later they did the natural thing and built a big iPhone. I use mine for apps and to browse the web. It's a great little device! Personally, I would like to see a real tablet (with optional stylus), but at least Apple kickstarted the market in the public's eyes. Much more is lost due to Hacker News. :-) I indent my Perl code. Not everyone does, however. It's a trivial task to reformat it in an editor. I guess the only complaint I might have is why bother thinking about indentation, ever? Throw in a couple of {} and now the tools can provide additional help. Shouldn't tools take care of that before a commit to svn, git, etc? Java has formatters, the Go language has one. Do any exist for Python or Perl? In the 1990's Microsoft forced every computer vendor to pay them for a DOS license regardless of whether they shipped DOS on the PC (did this apply to Windows?) They basically killed any chance of a competing OS in the PC world (4DOS, Quarterdeck, BeOS, Unix, OS/2). The US govt eventually forced them to stop this practice, but it was too late by then. Competition all dead. Another example, they built the browser into the operating system, thus killing of Netscape. Once they did that they let IE stagnate for several years, providing no innovation (IE6 is 2001). We are finally crawling out of that hole. IE9 is going to be good because it has competition and Microsoft now must compete or see further erosion in their browser market share. In short, because Microsoft has a desktop monopoly (90% for 15 years), and they've used it aggressively, they make people a bit unhappy. Personally, I don't care if people choose to use Windows, but many people don't want to, yet they must because of "corporate standards." The only other thing that bugs me is people always want the govt to look into Apple and Google. Everyone seems to have forgotten that Microsoft still has this huge 90% market share. If it could be reduced to 70%, for example, everyone would benefit, including Microsoft users. What's the reason to go after a couple of "small" fish nipping at the heals of Microsoft? Hopefully, China is going to contribute a lot to basic research in the next decade. Shipping cheap junk to the US isn't nearly has beneficial as doing hard science, along with R&D. If they pull it off, we'll look back in the year 2020 and laugh at how little we knew. I quit StackOverFlow once they devalued asking questions. No one on the site seemed to understand that incentivizing people to ask great questions was the most important thing. The site could have been a great starting point for learning esoteric topics like Haskell, Scheme, Lisp, Grails, Scala, Lift, Go, Emacs Lisp, etc. Basically, in general, you need one good question with 2 or 3 good answers [yes, some types are better with 100 answers]. "How do I reverse a string in Java?" "How do I reverse a string in Haskell?" "How do I ... in Haskell?" The questions could have been linked to build a Rosetta Stone, as well as a complete beginner's guide to topic X. Actually, it could have been a guide from beginner to guru. If I cared most about reputation, I wouldn't have been asking questions in the Emacs Lisp and Common Lisp groups, for example. As you can see, you don't necessarily get a lot of points for asking or answering questions in an esoteric section. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2264267/generating-a-quiz... http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2264286/generating-a-quiz... I had around 90 questions when I quit. The way the game was set up, you always got a lot more points for answering questions, then getting them upvoted. In general, you are going to get more votes in the most popular topics. Reputation is also a currency. You can spend it to get better answers to your questions, 50 points minimum. My reputation was probably between 2300-2500 before the devaluation. I guess I would have lost half? Not sure. At any rate, where StackOverFlow could have been really interesting is moving beyond the simple questions and solving specific, but a more complicated, questions. If you don't take the time to be specific, someone will just give you a link to another site. That gets upvoted a few times and your question is done. Hopefully, someone will come up with a better model. I'd do it without rep, but I like the economy aspect. I think it draws in people. People will game it, so design the model to get the desired results: Great questions and great answers. Reputation is also a currency. You can use it to get [better] answers to questions. 50 points is the minimum so it can go fast. Is anyone using Java on GAE? I love Java in general but for web dev I never found a great framework. Was considering learning Python/Django. However, the one thing about Java is that I might be able to go with Scala and/or Clojure at some point. Version like Wired magazine on the iPad? Yes, it's a bit of form over function but it was enjoyable, and more importantly, that's what I would gladly pay for. A one year subscription would be ideal. NYC to Chicago is about 720 miles. That's about 3.5hrs by train...sometime in our lifetime. Exactly when is just a matter of deciding to spend the money. The technology was invented 50 years ago. Application developers need official releases. A few people using an unofficial upgrade doesn't help the platform. Here are the versions developers are going to need to support by the end of 2010: 1.5, 1.6, 2.1, 2.2, and 3.0. iPad is built for web browsing. It will get between 1%-2% market share in the next 12 months. It's possible that in the next 2-3 years, it could get as high as 5%. Android tablets should do well too. The author asserts that Visual Studio is a much better development platform than everything else. I use IntelliJ, emacs, Unix cli, Perl, etc What am I missing? I'm sure Visual Studio is good but even if it's better, how much better is it? IntelliJ is great. They have a free version for people who want to try it. http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/index.html The same guys make Resharper for Visual Studio. I can't imagine that Visual Studio is better if the Java guys are making a plugin for it. I have heard that for C++, VS is hard to beat, but I haven't done that in a few years. Why not try to capture some of the Hacker News talent and create a crowd sourced Hacker News project? I little bit of everyone's time could add up to something interesting, and perhaps useful. Why can't humans be a little more self aware? We know almost nothing. We're still in the stone age and we need to work really hard, invest a lot more money in education and research. It's not how far we've come, it's how far we have to go. Hmmm. I got voted down without any comments. No one can remember the big debate 25 years ago when the US had to choose between the Hubble and the Super Collider in Texas, which would have been bigger than the LHC? Hubble won, but many argued that it was a waste of money, which turned out to be far from the truth. The discoveries about to be made at CERN could have happened 2 decades ago. I guess I was trying to convey the fact that there are a lot of big discoveries waiting to be found. People seem to not put enough emphasis in research and education in the US. The Hubble vs Super Collider debate many years ago. Nasa is always underfunded, IMO. Seems like there is so much more we could do. Robots. This is going to be the decade of robots. Carnegie Mellon is a world leader, and Pittsburgh should benefit from the boom. Just Google and see what you come up with. I found a few: http://www.seegrid.com/seegridoffices.html http://kotaku.com/5577771/intel-inside-your-mind-serving-you... - Intel Lab in Pittsburgh http://www.pittsburghroboticssociety.org/ (Open)Solaris died a few years ago. It has got some great features like Zones and ZFS, and it's still very stable. However, they lost the hearts and minds of almost everyone. I used OpenSolaris for a few months as my desktop. They don't have the package support of Linux, or the large community. Gotta remember to get GNU Make before Sun's Make in PATH, Gnu sed before Sun's, or was the other way around, Perl CPAN modules not compiling... What a waste of time. As Scott McNealy said: you've gotta get all your wood behind one arrow. That arrow is now Linux. This story says duct tape will work. The following story in the Economist says insulating tape will not work: http://www.economist.com/node/21008277 Will any kind of tape work? Duct, electrical? The only commercial supersonic jet no longer flies. The Space Shuttle is being retired without a replacement. It has taken months to stop the spill in the Gulf. Billions of dollars spent and we can't cure cancer. We can't even cure the common cold. Only a small fraction of the world even contributes to progress. Most people live on a few dollars a day and are just trying to survive. In short, we have a long way to go, and there's a lot of work to do. Switch to IntelliJ: http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/index.html I even prefer Netbeans to Eclipse. http://netbeans.org There are 3 fully featured Java IDE's. You have only tried one of them. Why do you need to "standardise" on a Java IDE? Do you standardise on vi, emacs, or Notepad? Can't developers simply use whichever IDE they prefer, keeping the code formatted in the desired format? Can anyone provide technical articles discussing the iPhone 4's antenna? How it compares to other phones, for example. There are too many anecdotal stories. Personally, I'd like to see the issue quantified. Didn't some of the Self research get used in the JVM? There's already plenty of competition in the smartphone space with Nokia, Apple, Android, WebOS, and RIM. Microsoft in this market won't make a difference either way. You know where there's not enough competition? Windows 90%, Mac OS 9%, Linux 1%. Google only has 70% search and people scream monopoly and want government regulation, and I can switch search engines in a matter of seconds. The desktop market will be healthier when Microsoft has 70% market share. Although, at this time, I'm not sure how that's going to happen. :-( Is it easy? Maybe they had an intern do it? Will this functionality be missed? Try working out the amount of code you write in an average day, or week. If you're writing, say 500 lines per hour, for 4 hours a day. At 5 days a week for 50 weeks, you've written 500,000 lines of code in one year. Rather than pointing out where it won't work, how about finding places where it will work. The northeast, for example, is densely populated and the major cities are close. The real problem is building straight tracks so trains can go 200mph. NYC to Philly - 95 miles NYC to Washington DC - 225 miles NYC to Boston - 220 miles Washington to Bostin - 420 miles I haven't enabled 3G on my iPad because I'm usually near wifi these days. I can't imagine that a 3G Kindle is necessary for too many people. The extra cost is your first 4 books. Funny, I do the same thing. Recently my notes moved to ~/Dropbox/Notes and I also use git. You can be up and running in Emacs in a few minutes, if you grab AquaEmacs. It uses the Mac keybindings. Cmd-w, Cmd-s,Cmd-o, Cmd-c,Cmd-x,Cmd-v, etc. Just like any Mac program, navigate the menus to see what features and keybindings are available, when you get the urge. http://aquamacs.org/ I imagine on Windows you can find one with equivalent key-bindings. As you get the urge to learn more, start reading blogs, etc. Here's a good place to start: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/60367/the-single-most-use... This trend was pretty easy to spot. Almost 6 months ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1129465 The problem is that developers are making a lot more money on iPhone apps. I've heard several developers complaining that their apps don't sell on Android. Will this eventually change? It is probably worth noting that AMD brought 64-bit to the PC world. Intel was telling customers they didn't need it. AMD actually took a small bite out of Intel and Intel quickly changed its mind. Breaking the Wintel monopoly will spur a lot of innovation. A third choice like Chrome or Android on tablets or notebooks might do the trick. When we get to comments like this, I think we can safely say this doesn't belong on Hacker News. There must be some other political forum where this can rehashed. "The Year of Linux on the Desktop" may never arrive but it looks like "The Year of Linux" might be this year, or next. Mobile phones could soon make Linux the most popular OS in the world. It will add 5 minutes for everyone else too. Get in a security line on a busy travel day and 10 extra pat-downs will add up. We need a better solution. I want to arrive, with my carry-on luggage, 30 minutes before takeoff for my 1 hour flight home. Huge? 17% is significant, but not huge. http://marketshare.hitslink.com/browser-market-share.aspx?qp... People have several options: Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, and, IE8. All of these are free, so I think we're almost to the point where people can be nudged off of IE6. Marketing? Actually, I think we've been waiting 45 years for a general purpose tablet. http://www.filmjunk.com/images/weblog/treknobabble50_9.jpg I think we still need an an optional stylus. Some tasks require more accuracy than a finger. I guess you haven't read up on compound interest. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compound_interest The 401k will compound tax free until you take out the money. Also, I don't think there is any reason to have any debt beyond student loans and a home mortgage. You're throwing away money by paying interest on credit cards. 9 out of 10 people already use Windows. Are they trying to get that number back up to 9.4 out of 10? I think their efforts are better spent in mobile and building an iPad competitor. It's really going to hurt when Apple and Google lock up the mobile and tablet markets. Good points. Why not get corporate sponsorship? Can't bikes be kept in designated secure locations? Being able to bike around NYC would be great. Perhaps with a little ingenuity it will become a reality.