I do not believe they have a monoply any more. a few years ago they where much more prolifict, I paid for ALOT of things via paypal. in the last 5 years I have made 0 transactions on paypal. With Amazon, Stripe, and others merchant solutions, as well as Apple and Google geting into the game soon for webpayments in addition to app paymets I do not believe the reliance on paypal as a quick way to process credit cards for business is as high as it was, further the reluctance for consumers to enter their credit card data never really materialized. Currently I think a business that only has PayPal as a payment option is harming their business, while you might keep it around for those few users that still only want to use paypal if I see an option to use anything other than paypal I will take it. Independent Auditing happens in all kinds of industries and for all kinds of reasons There is no reason a neutral 3rd party can not review logs, software, or other data to ensure in house ad metrics are accurate. >>Shadow of Mordor is near unplayable) Really because I have played over 200 hours, seems to work just fine in my Arch Linux system... Let see Top 10 Games by play hours, all on native linux (no WINE) 1. Borderlands 2 2. Shadow of Mordor 3. Cities Skylines 4. Civ V 5. Stellaris 6. Borderlands Pre-sequel 7. Space Run 8. X-Com 9. Wasteland 2 10. Race the Sun Plus I just bought like 10 or so titles on Steam Summer Sale, all Linux but have not had time to play them. Solar2, universe Sandbox 2, Tropico 5, Portal 2 are a few of those. >>But please let's not portray Linux as a viable gaming OS. I game exclusively under Linux now, if the game is not available for Linux native I will not buy it. I no longer own any Windows Computers. I see so not only do you have to play exclusively AAA titles now you have to play at 4K in order for you to be called a "gamer" according to dogma1138 Talk about moving the goal posts For the Record, Most windows systems struggle to play games at 4K unless you have 2 980TI's in SLI or the new 1080, my system could not play Shadow of Mordor @4K if I installed windows, linux has nothing to do with it Further I am not selling out the money for a 4K display, I have 4 1080p monitors, and 1 1920x1600 hooked to my system, I play games on the 1920x1600 It runs just fine at that resolution on a couple generation old card. Not really... There are several I have on my wishlist but are still more than I want to spend.. >Also how come you don't run windows Because I find windows to be technologically inferior >but somehow have no problem with a closed source OS (SteamOS) and a closed source platform (Steam) with always on DRM taking over gaming on Linux? While I do support open source, I do not choose Linux simply because it is open source. I work in a windows shop, if windows was not a steaming pile of shit I would not have a job. When I get home I want my computer to simply work, the way I want it to work, with out problems or having fucking update popups every 5 mins, or having driver issues (yes I infact have more driver issues on windows than Linux, party because I ensure I select hardware that is supported by the Kernel before I buy something so hardware is never an issue for me) I choose Linux because for me it is the best computing experience for my workflow, not simply because it is open source. I have only installed SteamOS once, and do not currently have any system running it, I use Arch Linux for any Desktop Systems, and some dev servers. CentOS for all Production Servers, and I dabble in all the others. As for DRM, while steam does have DRM not all games use it, People often confuse SteamDRM with the other features of the Platform. Steam is a Application Library that has DRM, I have never had an negative experience in relation to SteamDRM so it does not really bother me. You have seem to confused me with RMS or something. This argument is about like asking why I use the Nvidia Closed source Drivers... Hell maybe that is your problem with Shadow, you are attempting to use the nouveau drivers Linux support for oculus started to Decline when John Carmack joined the company and the final nail in the coffin was the Sale to Facebook, anyone that thought linux would be supported after those 2 events are ignorant to the history of computing As for Valve and their Lack luster support of SteamOS, again you have to look at history, and why Valve started the SteamOS project, they do not have some Philosophical need to support an OpenSource Operating system, When Widnows 8 was announced it clearly looked like Ballmer was going to turn MS into Apple, and close the ecosystem. This was a direct threat to Valve's business model, so they responded as any company would with an attempt to diversify and at the same time control the platform for themselves. With Ballmer Leaving, Windows 8 almost universally being rejected by consumers and business, and the release of the More Open and Traditional Windows 10 the "need" for SteamOS (in Valves eyes)has lessened considerably, which is why Valve has not pushed it as strong as they did a couple years ago. They still recognize the Risk being primary on Windows as such they will not kill the project but the "New Microsoft" seems to be embracing being more open than at any point in MS history so.... Including having their own Linux "distro" for Software Defined Networking, and working directly with RedHat and Canonical I get overruled almost on a weekly basis, there are ALOT of things I wish my company would do different, I make these suggestions, I explain my reasoning, and if my boss accepts my reasons and approves the change happens, if not well thats the breaks. He may have a perfectly valid reason why what I suggest will not work for reasons unknown to me that is why he is management and I am not (thank god) I however never circulate a petition to my coworkers asking is they agree with me, or my boss. I never circulate a petition to my coworkers and then present it to my boss as if my work place was some kind of democracy in which is my coworkers all agree then my bosses veto is somehow over ruled. >>>I seriously doubt that firing them was the best way to teach them anything. It should have taught them that when you are a new employee and something you request is denied, that is the end of it. You do not circle the wagons and attempt to force the issue. It should have taught them that the work place is a heirachy with Interns at the bottom, It should have taught them that the real world is a cold ruthless place and your feels are irrelevant. >that includes the damage done to young tech workers asked to work 80+ hour weeks for months on end at no cost to the employer over a 40 hour week. That is not really a union issue, what we need is a few tech workers to push for IRS Exemption rules and sue over it, to get some clear established case law on who and who is not exempt from overtime. The IRS and DOL have been woefully derelict in their guidance on this issue, and I personally believe that many of the IT workers that are classified as exempt today should not be. >regulation exempting "computer professionals" broadly from overtime pay in 2003. I am aware, I am also aware the "computer professional" is narrowly defined and simply because you work with a computer does not make you a "computer professional" I am aware of several companies that do not classify their employees properly >> Workers should do it ourselves. Workers should by refusing to work those jobs, I myself am Salaried Non-Exempt. I personally disagree with the concept of unions, and find they are often worse over the long term Netflix today is using EME. If you access Netflix on Chrome (including in Linux), or IE11 in Win8 or higher you will be using the Netflix EME based Player, using MS PlayReady, or Googles Widvine CDM. >>>I don't know why this is news. if you read the post by the company they clearly explain why this should be news. the fact that twitter allows at least one company to do this already IMO is enough to make ti news. Why can Politwoops exist but not this site? In todays shaking legal ground, it would not shock me if Twitter could not get some Agency in the federal government to Arrest the founders/programmers/executives of the site under CFAA and charge them with criminal felonies If your nation has a extradition Treaty with the US I would be cautious as well... US has been very good of late about charging people that have never been to the US for violation of US laws online. It is bullshit but it seems many nations refuse to protect their citizens from harassment by the US legal system This will not always save you. If a company uses the "Fulfilled by Amazon" service they ship their stuff to amazon and it is co mingled with all of the other SKU's purporting to be the same item, including Amazons own stock Clearly you do not understand how Amazon Warehouses work Just because you buy someing from Seller A, even if Seller A is Amazon LLC, you may not be getting stock from Seller A If I am A retailer selling SuperWidget 55, and I ship Amazon 100 Genuine SuperWidget's to store in their warehouse for amazon to ship to my customers (aka Amazon Fulfillment Service) . Then another competitor ship 100 Fake SuperWidgets to amazons warehouse. All Amazon records is they have 200 SuperWidgets. When a Customer orders a SuperWidget, they will get what ever SuperWidget is closest to their location, and a random one from that location, it may not be my SuperWidget but one of the 100 fake ones, even though the customer selected to order from me. So then the next question is why would a retailer use Amazon Fulfillment, well if you want to get any Prime buyers you must, as if you do not use Amazon Fulfillment your orders are not "Prime Eligible" which eliminates a huge number of consumers. >>> Torrent sites only host torrent files; They do not even host those any more All of the Torrent Sites are only Indexers of Magnet Links, no different than google. The BT Client then takes the Magnet Link, downloads the torrent file from peers in the network. When you Click on a download link from KAT nothing is downloaded from their server, it is simply a protocol link that tells your BT client what file you want. It is Technologically No different than a HTTP url, so if KAT if violating Copyright law then every other Search Engine is as well >>>Plus its all legal and protected, Sorry but Ripping BluRays is not legal under the DMCA even if you are doing for a "backup". >>>You can try but you'll never be able to rationalize stealing from someone. Especially when you use someone(s) else's actions to try to justify stealing from them. The supporters of a too-strict, repressive form of copyright often use words like “stolen” and “theft” to refer to copyright infringement. This is spin, but they would like you to take it for objective truth. Under the US legal system, copyright infringement is not theft. Laws about theft are not applicable to copyright infringement. The supporters of repressive copyright are making an appeal to authority—and misrepresenting what authority says. To refute them, you can point to this real case which shows what can properly be described as “copyright theft.” Unauthorized copying is forbidden by copyright law in many circumstances (not all!), but being forbidden doesn't make it wrong. In general, laws don't define right and wrong. Laws, at their best, attempt to implement justice. If the laws (the implementation) don't fit our ideas of right and wrong (the spec), the laws are what should change. A US judge, presiding over a trial for copyright infringement, recognized that “piracy” and “theft” are smear-words. https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/words-to-avoid.html#Theft As a libertarian I would never work for Government Especially the IRS. >>You often need permission, then pay royalties, to copyright holders. That is the theft. You operate under the idea that I believe they are entitled to these things, I do support or believe copyright is ethical, I do not believe the government has the ethical authority to tell me how I can arrange the bits on my hard disk, I do not believe the government has the ethical authority to grant a person or company the monopoly on an idea or arrangement or words, notes, or images AMD had about as much of a Chance at breaking in the to Intel Dominated OEM market as Linux had to become the default operating systems on all Consumers PC's MS and Intel both put EXTREME pressure and incentives on OEM (and both were accused of Anti-Trust Violations) to keep their defacto monopolies >> That's unacceptable in 2016. The fact that simple Banner ads are no longer acceptable is the reason I use uBlock Orgin.... >>But posting your child's naked photo on Facebook will get you account banned instantly and if you are US based can get you in a lot of trouble Citation on the Legal Case law that now lists a Child Bath time photo as Child Porn that can get you into "lot of trouble" in the US No in the US the 1st amendment protects you from Government Prosecution, codifing the Concept of Freedom of Speech into the very foundation of our Legal System Freedom of Speech however is a concept that applies to everyone, and everything including Google Companies that proclaim the desire to respect Freedom of Speech, that claim to operate platforms in the promotion of Freedom of Speech, and make a profit doing so, should be HEAVILY criticized when they violate that principle Data Security and Privacy are never going to be convenient. If someone does not respect their own security and privacy enough to do their work themselves they can never enjoy privacy and security, as by definition if you are not setting up and maintaining the systems, you are giving up control of your privacy and security to a 3rd party, be that Google, MS, Apple, or some other "Trusted" party This gets into the whole debate over who owns, or should own, your data IMO I should have the right to access, and authorize 3rd parties to access, data stored about me even if it is on a 3rd party platform like facebook. If Facebook does not want to allow Me or my authorized agents to access this data then facebook;s only recurse should be to prevent me from using their platform AND delete any and all they have collected about me. Here Facebook wants to control how my data is used, stored, and disseminated. they want the ability to Prevent me or my Authorized Agents from access my data, but they do not want to be forced to delete said data. I am a strong advocate of strong Data protection, access, and Right to Know laws. Authorization is the key question, for me Power Partners was authorized, by the USER, that should be all the Authorization they need. Facebook should be sending notices and cancelling the accounts of the USERS that authorized Power Partners, not be going after power partners directly. This... I hate being slow rolled to idea or opinion.. If you have criticism about my work come out with it, I am not some delicate little snowflake, if there is better way I want to know. So did the credit reporting agencies until laws were passed requiring them to give people access, and a path to correct inaccurate info. Now these are hardly perfect, but I think this idea needs to be expanded to all companies that store PII about you. For example I do not have a Facebook account, but I am sure they have data about me, I have no way of ascertaining what info they have, or the accuracy of the info, and they could in time be selling that inaccurate info to agencies or other parties that could impact my life in some manner. Facebook is hardly the only one, and actually is far from the most egregious when it comes to the potential of screwing up your life. There are many companies most people have never heard of that take data from all kinds of sources, some with out any kind of actual verification and compile massive databases on people for sell to anyone.. Stalkers, Creditors, Employers, etc etc etc. I view employment different than most people I have found anyway Trust has nothing at all to do with it, nor does ownership as the article implies as I do not own any of the idea's or work I produce for my employer. That is the purpose of my employment, I trade my skills, knowledge and experience for currency. My employer trusts my boss that is the only Trust that is required, I give my input based on how I see things, if they accept it great, if they want to go another route or use a different idea that is fine as well. I do not have these types of emotional attachments to my work HUH???? Seems like you are attempting to construct some kind of terrible and very specific straw man. I believe I explained my position fully, and your comment does not pose any additional information or questions that requires any more comments than i have already made, if you would like to try again I will be happy to respond. I do not believe I advocated for anything like that. In this case The data was either Scraped via downloading the HTML pages, or used Facebooks API with the users permission. I believe that should be all that is required is the user permission, if the USER does something that is a violation facebook policy then the recourse should be banning of the User, and removal of all data for that user. Facebook does not want that however. So you see Facebook does not have to provide anything, but they can not pick and choose what a person does with the data they are storing about them. That said there is one Data Service I do believe should be required, I should be able to request my data from any company to be delivered to me in some kind of Machine Readable format. XML, JSON, some other structured format. This could be only on Condition of Closing my account, or some other string attached, but I should be able to get access to this data. >>The TSA was created for legit safety/security purposes. No >> The answer is not regressing to poorly trained and poorly organized DIY security operations. The answer lies in not giving up essential liberty for promises of safety The goal of Terrorism is to scare people so badly they give up their own way of life "voluntarily" because they are scared, in that the terrorist have won It is not simply that Getty is attempting to charge for the Photos But rather Getty is Claiming Copyright over the photos, and are Issue Cease and Deist letters to anyone they find using the photos that did not pay Getty for a License. So regardless of the status of Public Domain or not, Getty is not the Copyright Holder, and should not be issuing DMCA, or other Demand Letters claiming they are. >sick that I have to vote for the least worst one. Of course you dont, There are 2 Other people on the ballot in Most states given you 4 options. I personally will be voting for Gary Johnson this year. (as i did in 2012) >>People always say they want open source, support, locally manufactured products etc. but then they seem to take pretty much any excuse possible not to support it. I think you confuse the 2 vocal groups, it is not normally the same people Wanting Locally Manufactured products and wanting Cheap Knock offs, even if both want Open Source I Love opensource, but I have little respect nor desire to support Arduino LLC, and will happily buy the cheapest board, I will also support projects and vendors by paying a premium if I feel it is worth it. >Retailers also take quite a big piece of the pie from smaller manufacturers. Margins are these boards are very very thin, this is why Retailers like SparkFun, Adafruit and other are making their own Arduino Compatible boards because it is more profitable, It is not true that the retailer is taking a "big piece" of the pie selling Aurdinuo LLC licensed boards. this is also why other Platforms are starting to replace the what I consider Overpriced Aurdinuo. I have been starting to use ESP8266 based boards (like NodeMCU) for example. If I want a $40 board I am using a rPI not an Aurdinuo... >>Of course, this isn't the case when you are contracted by the government to develop software for them...I'm not going to say let's ban shrinkwrapped software in the government Shrinkwrapped software != bespoke software that is contracted to be developed for the government IMO any software that is contracted to be developed by the government should be public domain, if the government "owns" the software then in reality the public "owns" it... after all the government is "for the people, by the people" right... This does preclude the government from licensing the USE of software (like Windows, Office, etc) that is a completely different debate. However if the government is contracting with a company for the company to build custom software the exclusive use of the government they yes that should be Public domain. That is not how location services work, you always at least 3 data points, Lat, Lon and Accuracy http://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/geoip2/web-services/#location It is up to the Developer to do sanity checks on the Accuracy for their type of application. in some instances just knowing it came from the US or some other country is accurate enough. To claim they should simply not return any data if they do not have an accuracy level to your arbitrary standards would make the service useless IMO Max Mind is not the problem here, people taking the data and using it as if it is accurate to 1in is the problem. Geo-location data on IP address has NEVER EVER been that accurate, NEVER. The fact the law Enforcement, Consumers and others use this data as the sole data point then act on that data is the problem, not that Max Mind Returned a Lat Lon to the center of the US So at what level do you believe these service to be Accurate to before returning data? 10mi? 1mi? 50feet? If they can not tell me what room in my home I am located should they simply return "the moon" as my location? Different Services use this data for different reasons, some times simply knowing what nation the IP is from is enough, but you believe they should return "the moon" if all they can determine it is came from with in the US? >Ideally they'd offer version of the service that gives a probability 'heat map' that is not "ideal" at all, one of the first uses of this data was for real time CC fraud Detection, giving a computer processing CC info a graphical "heat map" is less than useless. Most geolocation API data is consumed by computers that use it for many things, not presented to the user directly. >In reality the simplified version would be provided as a service with a default threshold, anything under the threshold would not report a position, but could still report a country ISO code and perhaps state, county as optional extras. It appears you believe this data is only for Human Consumption. If an API is designed to return LAT and LON and Accuracy, then that is what is should return, not an ISO country code. I get you believe no API should be designed this way, but I as a developer that consumes these services prefer it that way, makes it easier to write against I as a developer am asking for Max Mind to give me Lat Lon and Accuracy, not a ISO Country Code or Heatmap > So, a lookup in a geo-ip database should give you an area. Good thing that is exactly what it does. >A common analogy is comparing an IP address to a mailing address or phone number for computers. For most purposes, this analogy is good enough While it is a common analogy, is not "good enough" because it is incorrect, inaccurate, and has lead to a host of problems far removed from this current GeoIP issue. RIAA/MPAA is one of the worst offenders at attempting to equate an IP address to a Physical Address/person for the purpose of civil and legal liability. I believe they are the ones that cemented this very very flawed and incorrect analogy in to the minds of the less technical minded persons The side effect is the Intel and Atheros are better anyway, BroadCom Wifi is utter crap IMO Some ISP turn over their Residential IP Blocks to Blacklist providers to add automatically to the blacklists. ISP state in their TOS you are not to run "servers" from your home connection, as such they simply blacklist all Residential IP;s from the start, because if you are running a email server on a Residential Connection it is either a Botnet, or you are violating the TOS of your plan. Comcast, ATT, you name it. Any of the Big US ISP's Current Comcast AUP ( http://www.xfinity.com/corporate/Customers/Policies/HighSpee... ) >>use or run dedicated, stand-alone equipment or servers from the Premises that provide network content or any other services to anyone outside of your Premises local area network (“Premises LAN”), also commonly referred to as public services or servers. Examples of prohibited equipment and servers include, but are not limited to, email, web hosting, file sharing, and proxy services and servers; Not for everyone, just People on Android and ios mobile devices... I can assure you that you will never have to reboot your laptop before it will work... as it will not work at all on your laptop. It is for Android and iOS only. hmm there are 7 billion people in the world, according to you 1.9 billion use Antroid or iOS. This means there are ~5 billion that do not, thus basic math concludes that this new app is not even for the majority of people and far far far far far from the "everyone" claimed. >the refresh cycle for PCs/Laptops is going to very soon be transitioning from the traditional 2-year cycle to 3-years, and, in the case of desktops, we're going to be seeing people run their systems for 4, even 5 years before considering upgrading. We have been on a 3/5 cycle for the last 10 or so years. (3 year laptop/5year desktop) We are likely moving to a 5/8 cycle with our current hardware. > their dominant computer is their smart phone/phablet, which is being refreshed every two-years, I am seeing less and less people willing to replace their phones on the 18-24 month cycle. The primary reason this occurred originally was cell phone carriers used the "upgrade" to lock people in to an additional 24mo contract. As we see less and less contracts and more people paying for their phones out of pocket or in installments, the replacement window is increasing, I expect by the end of 2017 to see the replacement be 36-48 mos for Cell Phones. This is especially true for any phone priced over ~$350. Most of this comes down to how long the OEM will continue to issue OS Updates for the hardware, if your phone is getting updates to the OS 36mos after you bought it there is likely very little reason to spend another $400 on a phone. We will likely see some Manufacturers/Carries taking the opportunity to screw over their customers by refusing updates after 24 months in order to extort them into a replacement. Hopefully the market responds to these companies by pushing them to bankruptcy but... >>> Apple, Google, and Amazon currently So in your world 2 wrongs make a right... because "everyone else" is doing it is a justification for you? See I was taught from a young age that just because my friends did something incredibly stupid, illegal, or immoral that dis not give me license to commit the offense. While true, this also gets into the ethical, moral and legal obligation a company has when for all practical purposes they have a monopoly on a market segment. This type of action is what got MS is legal trouble in the EU and US in the 90's >>First off, companies do not have ethical or moral obligations at all. Corporations are purely amoral. It's up to customers to penalize them for unethical or immoral actions by refusing to support them. If the customers refuse to stop throwing money at them, it's the customers that are to blame. I completely disagree with this, and believe this type of belief is one of the core problems in society. Corporations are just a social organization of people, and the people of that organization absolutely have ethical and moral obligations. Choosing to join a social organization like a corporation does not absolve you of those obligations. >Secondly, MS does not have a monopoly, except for having an OS that runs software designed to run on Windows, just like Apple has a monopoly for the market of "OSes that run software designed to run on iOS or OSX". Lots of people run Macs rather than Windows-based PCs, and some run Linux. This goes to how you define Monopoly, For most government regulating entities a monopoly is created when a company reaches over 80/90% market share in a given product category, in the 1990's Microsoft was a clear monopoly in the personal computing market. Today that is debatable if you include Smartphones, Tablets and other devices in the Category of "Personal Computers" However simply saying "There is an alternative" does not in fact legally mean there is not a monopoly. For example when Standard Oil was broken up as a Monopoly there were other Oil refinement companies, however their market share was such that they were still considered a monopoly under the legal statues governing monopolies Your analogy to cars is just absurd, Most people do not actively seek an Operating System, they use what ever operating system is supplied by the manufacturer of the devices, one of the MAJOR anti-trust violations MS was charged with was using Vertical Conclusions to lock out alternative operating systems like Linux. Intel was also charged with Anti-Trust violations for attempting use their market dominance to lock out AMD from OEM channels. Car makers did similar things in the early day with Maintenance, accessories and parts. this resulted in MASSIVE regulation of the Automotive manufacturing industry and passage of the Magnuson–Moss Warranty Act which electronics companies today like to pretend does not exist >MS didn't have any legal trouble in the US, ever. They "lost" an antitrust trial in the 90s and the penalty was absolutely nothing, and that trial was all about their OS forcing the bundling of their browser. While it is true that the FTC, as is usual, failed in their duty to the American people, there was much more to the case than simply IE, that however was the most reported on in the Media, and what MS focused on in the PR efforts after the settlement was announced. Sadly with Windows 10, they have back peddled even on these provisions, no longer are browsers able to automatically set themselves as default, a user must navigate to the Default Applications Settings and manually change these. Even when doing so it asks "are you sure" at least 1 time before actually changing the default. Further users report often updates will revert these settings. >>The lesson here is that if you're hoping for the government to step in and save you, you're hopelessly naïve, as proven by history. I am expecting no such thing, I am a libertarian. Geo-Libertarian to be exact. At no point did I say anything about the government saving anyone. The fact I believe corporations have legal and moral obligations have nothing at all do with government. Having said that, given that corporations are government created entries that can not exist with out the legal framework the government created that allows for their existence, I do believe any evil a corporation does can and should be directly attributed to government as they are ultimately the creators and protectors of ever corporation to have ever existed and ever will exist >As I pointed out above, if you don't like Windows, there are viable alternatives now (the alternatives were much worse in the late 90s, now they're actually much better). I have been using Linux since 1999. > If your 3rd-party software vendor doesn't support non-Windows platforms, then maybe you should find a better one. I normally just write my own I dont remember any of the posts Attacking Appelbaum being flagged... So basically your defeatist attitude is simply never to discuss these topics because it is likely impossible to change. Why do you come to places like this to discuss things if you do not actually want to discuss anything. As to what I am going to do about it... as I already stated several times, you seem to keep skipping that parts, I have already left the Microsoft Ecosystem, did many decades ago. that does not mean however I will not continue to address their bad actions publicly when ever I can. You see it as pointless, maybe it is, but silently going into the night is just as pointless There will be a class action over windows 10, and it not assured that MS will win as you seem to think. Sorry that is just not how any of this works. Further your continued instance that MS can literately do anything it wants and if you do not like it "get different software" is less than useless and not relevant. And one other thing, Simply choosing other software is pointless unless you can get the majority of users to follow you or get enough users to make a large enough PR problem for the offending company they must react. (as MS has done several times when complaints have reached critical mass) one way to do that is Continue to bring up this issues in public forums, to educate the users of these software products. One way not to do that is to continue to be a defeatist and say "well the world sucks and is run by sociopaths so i give up" which is what your posts are about >>So why is it only working with CF? Because CloudFlare is basically a MITM Attack.... that is authorized by the website owner. http://blog.ricardomacas.com/index.php?controller=post&actio... https://stirling.co/blog/cloudflare-mitm/ >>Unless your telling me your buying a smart phone and never installing an app. I have a smartphone that does not send info to google or apple. Runs Andriod with no google account, no Google Services, and my app store is FDriod not the play store. You assumption that everyone that owns a smart phone is a icloud user or uses the apple store is ridiculous >>If your company has internal support mechanisms, they might be able to stretch it out further. We do, I have probably ~2,000 systems under management, not a single one of the Apple. We always buy the 3 year extended warranty from the manufactures, and most of the Major Vendors will also sell a 3 year extended hardware support after the extended warrany, giving us 6 years of full hardware support on the systems, after 6 years most of them have been full deprecated by accounting anyway so for year 7 and 8 (desktops only, laptops would have been replaced at that point) we likely just keep a few spares and replace as they fail. >>Did you mean to say that none of the 2000 systems you have under management is an Apple System? Yes >>That would be very unusual for a technology company, where being able to use Apple gear to get work done is a pre-requisite for a lot of engineers considering applying for a job. Where did I say I work for a technology company? We do have alot of Engineers however, Mechanical and Electrical. None of them use Apple. Further I assume by "engineer" you mean software developers, I know a TON of devs that will not touch apple with a 10 foot pole. They us Linux or nothing. Of course I also avoid silicon valley like the black death so.... >Downside, is there isn't the same type of "Onsite, 4 hour repair service" that companies like Dell offer. This is what we have. We use Dell and Lenovo Mainly WHile I despise this new licensing, your redition of history is not correct Monty sold MySQL to Sun, he believed Sun would be good steward of the project, provide it the resources it needed, and allow it to flourish remaining Open Source When Oracle bought Sun, Monty and most of the MySQL devs where very very very very very concerned that Orcale would be detrimental to MySQL going forward so they forked it and founded MariaDB to replace Oracle's mySQL Some of their fears never came to be, but Oracle has closed the development of mysql is many ways, it is not as bad as it was orginally feared, but it no where near as open as it was under Sun. What... no. To believe that MySQL was Sun downfall is extremely ignorant. Mysql was not even Sun's largest project. Further mysql is still extremely popular where mariadb is less so. The fork happened while the sale was happening. It did not have enough time to become profitable. Sun bought Mysql in 2008, they were looking to sell to IBM in late 2008/early 2009, and by April 2009 had a tentative deal with Oracle... If you are "invoicing" the company you are not employee but an independent contractor Contractors never get Paystubs and yes there it is a HUGE red flag (and likely illegal) for a EMPLOYEE to invoice a company for their wages. Didnt this happen like 2 years ago when CoreOS created the Rocket Project? https://github.com/coreos/rkt/ >>>I have no idea what Paypal is trying to achieve by passing on this fairly personal piece of data. For years the Paypal API sucked, and even today their are many companies that do not have full integration with paypal, so this is a way to match payment records as for 99% of shoppers the email address for the order/account will match the paypal email address. 1. Enforcement would not be on "Linux" but would be about a specific section of the code, under which the copyright holder (the dev) is suing. 2. Has no legal basis, something being "Free as in beer" does not make is public domain, that would be easily countered 3. That would probably be more dangerous to the company arguing that then it would be to Linux, since most of the companies that would be targeted by GPL enforcement likely have alot of IP that could also be considered "derivative" It is sad to watch the Tor Project implode. While it in no way impacts the project as I was a very very very very minor user of Tor in the first place, I have removed any and all installations of Tor from my systems, and will no longer donate to or support them in any way Tor has lost their mission, which should have been Privacy above all else. Today they seem to be more focused on Social Justice, and less about privacy. The problem is that the average or "mainstream" person does not care about privacy, or even human rights. Not really. The second they learn that tor can and will be used to spread "hate speech" or the classic CP, Drugs, Terrorism, the "mainstream" will (and is currently) demand that Tor sacrifice privacy in the name of defending Social Justice, stopping terrorism, ending CP, or catching drug dealers. Under new board of Tor, and this new direction I fear Tor will cave to these demands. Edit.. and just to be clear. Social Justice is not the same as Human Rights. People of late seem to be confusing the 2. >>> It is a legal right as well as a human right under under the UN's Universal Declaration of Human Rights You have highlighted the difference between Social Justice, and Human Rights. They kicked or forced out more than Jacob Appelbaum. if I understand the situation correct only 1 person has accusation of rape, The rest of the accusations are unwanted sexual advancements, with at-least one of them having been refuted by the actual "victim" as the report was from a 3rd party to misrepresented the situation. Here is a good Multi-part series that is worth a read through https://contraspin.co.nz/the-weaponising-of-social-pt1-the-c... Clearly you do not follow the Project closely or the inner workings of the Project if you believe Jacob Applebaum was the only person in the project forced or kicked out. There are 3 possibilities here 1. You do not get out much 2. You are very young thus do not have a frame of reference of the time before SJW was a large scale movement 3. You are a Social Justice Warrior, and are infact surrounded by them because of this you believe that is normal. Take your pick The entire governing board. Multiple Major Exit Node operators The old bridge node operator Those are just the people that have spoken publicly about their exit. Many others (given the nature of Tor) are not going to come forward publicly. They simply stop contributing and disappear. Jacob was a distraction and excuse. A Distraction so people would focus on that instead of what was happening with the project A excuse to implement massive Social Justice and what I believe to be long term Pro Government reforms/policies within the project. There is a difference between "taking an exception" and shouting someone down Here are some example in everyday real life that have occurred recently and been recorded, situations like I link below happen every day, and are often never recorded. There are also HUGE numbers of people that self censor so as to not draw that attention of the rabid SJW. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMT3vuSQk3g https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeNJFz-WCZs It should be pointed out, that the people shooting the video believed they were in the right, believe they where showing the world a bigot, or racist, or misogynist. They believe their actions is the proper reaction to encountering such a person. So the question I posit to you is. Do you agree with their actions, would you agree with their actions if the target of their rage would have actually been a racist, or misogynist? If you believe these are proper reactions, and the persons in the video are simply "calling out" behavior they dislike, then you prove my point that you are infact a SJW and can not identify them because of that fact. The people highlighted in the video are I admit extreme example, but not too extreme. SJW is a raising trend, it started probably 10 years or so ago in Universities, and is spread on a massive scale to HR dept's in major companies, and to every day interactions like the ones shown in the video. It is not a conspiracy, it is reality. that is not the only 2 options, It does not need to be a conspiracy for SJW to be a movement. Legal Protections against entrapment are very minimal and not what people think. FBI routinely creates, plots, then recruits people for made up terrorism plots, then arrests them The DEA, in partnership with the ATF, recently ran a operation where they recruited people to rob fake stash houses, then arrested the people that were coerced into the plot Entrapment is often used in prostitution stings as well. None of these instances are tossed by the courts, entrapment is very much alive and well in the legal system >>>>For the most part wether the fbi was operating this server or not the people who visit the server came there out of their own free will in an attempt to acquire child pornography. While true, there are some very significant problems with this. For decades now the basis of the law against viewing child pornography is that each time the image is viewed the child is victimized. Thus by running the server for even 1 second the FBI was, according to the law, victimizing children in order to catch criminals. If you then claim is no children were actually harmed by the FBI's action then one has to start looking at the very foundation of the Child Porn laws. Personally I think the ethical and moral position (and should be the obvious one) is that the FBI should not, under any circumstances, be distributing child porn. Period. Edit: Sources for above can be found in this comment https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12432737 Which part do you believe is fiction? DEA/ATF Fake Stash houses? https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20160809/14081135202/judge... FBI creating their own Terror plots https://www.hrw.org/news/2014/07/21/us-terrorism-prosecution... Or do you disagree that the legal foundation for making the act of viewing/possession (not making or distributing) Child Porn is based in the idea that simply having the child porn is re-victimizing the child depicted Osborne v. Ohio, 495 U.S. 103, 111 "the sentencing judge, who stated “it is a clear reality . . . that every time one of these web sites is opened and every time one of these images is viewed, additional harm is visited upon the victim. " New York v. Ferber >>>The court quoted academic research, which concluded that “Because the child's actions are reduced to a recording, the pornography may haunt him in future years, long after the original misdeed took place.” --- United States v. Blinkensop, 606 F.3d 1110, 1117 (9th Cir. 2010) (affirming the sentencing judge, who stated) >>> “it is a clear reality . . . that every time one of these web sites is opened and every time one of these images is viewed, additional harm is visited upon the victim. ----- FBI and DOJ routinely state the same in Sentencing, victim impact, and other official court and prosecution documents and activities The idea that simply viewing child porn victimizes the child, is infact the legal foundation for its prohibition It is clear and well established fact I do not support the idea of giving police all kinds of exemptions from the law. The police should have no more power than a normal person, they are simply hired and trained to do what normal people do not have the desire to do. This goes back to the foundation of American style governance, For the people by the people. The police are people, as such they are not the masters of anyone, nor are the people subordinate to them. I believe that was answered, the FBI simply ran it on better and faster hardware, with better uptime. I do not believe the FBI continued to operate it as is on the criminals hardware, I believe they took possession of the "server" then likely imaged it and spun up a new instance of the site on the FBI own servers, these servers likely had much better specs, and a much better connection to the internet. The problem with the public outrage however is that is makes any rational discussion almost impossible When the topic of child porn comes up, emotion takes over and logic goes away. One of the largest problems with child porn is the actual definition of child porn. To most people when they hear of child porn, they think of a Person under the age of puberty being forced to engage in a sex act with an adult person. However 2 17 year olds having sex and video taping it is also child porn, they can (and have been) charged with producing, and distributing said child porn Many many many teens were arrested and convicted before states starting passing exceptions to the law, and many states today it is still illegal for a 17year old person to send a nude photo of themselves to another 17year old person, haven forbid a 17 year and 364 day old person send picture to a 17 year and 366 day year old person.... https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20160809/14081135202/judge... >>>>For example, ambulances and firefighters are certainly also allowed to speed, when they're carrying out their duties - we've added exceptions to our laws for those circumstances, and done so as part of the normal democratic process. More mundanely, a park ranger is going to be allowed to do things like not pay the same parking fees that everyone else is allowed to, or cull animals out of season when the general population isn't allowed to hunt. and see I do not agree with these exemptions, or rather I believe it should be acceptable for a normal person to also speed when there is an emergency that would require it. So the Police and Fire are not exempted from the law, it is simply acceptable for all persons to speed when X is happening, and in most instances X would only apply to police and fire. The same is true for park rangers, If there is need to cull animals is should be open to all persons to cull them when the need arises. This is generally true today, as most places will hold a lottery or some other activity to give the public limited access to an area to cull the needed number of animals. >>This is fine! In a democratic society, It is not fine. I will set aside the fact that I am not a strong supporter of democracy, democracy is mob rule, and simply end with a Quote from an essay that I feel should be the Basis for law. ----- The Law by Frédéric Bastiat "What, then, is law? It is the collective organization of the individual right to lawful defense. If every person has the right to defend even by force — his person, his liberty, and his property, then it follows that a group of men have the right to organize and support a common force to protect these rights constantly. Thus the principle of collective right — its reason for existing, its lawfulness — is based on individual right. And the common force that protects this collective right cannot logically have any other purpose or any other mission than that for which it acts as a substitute. Thus, since an individual cannot lawfully use force against the person, liberty, or property of another individual, then the common force — for the same reason — cannot lawfully be used to destroy the person, liberty, or property of individuals or groups. Force has been given to us to defend our own individual rights. Who will dare to say that force has been given to us to destroy the equal rights of our brothers? Since no individual acting separately can lawfully use force to destroy the rights of others, does it not logically follow that the same principle also applies to the common force that is nothing more than the organized combination of the individual forces? If this is true, then nothing can be more evident than this: The law is the organization of the natural right of lawful defense. It is the substitution of a common force for individual forces. And this common force is to do only what the individual forces have a natural and lawful right to do: to protect persons, liberties, and properties; to maintain the right of each, and to cause justice to reign over us all." ---- If you believe in individual freedom at all, then it should be held that the collective force (government) can have no more power than that of an individual, and the government does not have the legitimate authority to grant powers and privileges to one individual (police, fire etc) that are not granted to all individuals. You believe this to be case because you are conditioned by the FBI to believe this is the case. Do you know that every image on this server was the "raping 8-year-olds" kind. Did you personally examine every image? Morality is personal. What you believe to be immoral is not what another person would believe to be immoral. When government attempt to legislate morality is when atrocities and abuse occur. To millions of people in various religions, being gay is immoral, a woman showing her face or hair, is immoral Adult pornography is considered immoral by a large part of the population. Instead of making a case for morality, one should use science and logic to make the case for victimization. Each person has the self evident right to their own body, aka self ownership. We accept this has as the fundamental foundation of Human Rights. Society through science has shown that children are mentally not equipped to make a choice to have sex as such society has prohibited adults from manipulating children into having sex. We also recognize that any time one person forces another with violence to engage in sex is a violation of their person hood. We have grouped these 2 crimes into the category of rape and created punishments for these crimes No morality involved. Using science should also come into play when evaluating the punishment and criminality of viewing or possessing child pornography. Morality and Emotion have no place in the law A private citizen most certainly can detain and subdue person violating the law. Atleast in the US. Now if you do this and the person is not in fact violating the law it will be you being arrested however if I catch someone breaking into my home at 3am I most certainly can use physical force to detain him/her. 1. Based on DOJ and Court rulings what the FBI did here was actual child abuse. The FBI abused children in the course of their investigation. The Official DOJ and US Supreme Court position is that any distribution, or viewing of child porn images is in fact child abuse. As such the FBI running the server is in fact child abuse. 2. Who were these mythical "kingpins" you believe the FBI was seeking, in every case publicly known about prosecution resulting from this operation is about simple possession of child pornography, Not production. From my understanding of the cases not a single child porn producer has been prosecuted, and I believe the FBI has stated most of the images are very old and previously known to the FBI or other agencies. That made that statement to attempt to curb some of the outrage. Given that however it contradics your reasoning for them to continue operating the server as they had already caught the largest "kingpin" the server owner. It would seem they worked backwards in this operations, they caught the top guy first then used the server to sweep up the "street level" or bottom level persons. I think it is extremely dangerous to believe email is a private conversation. One should expect that any email they send will at some point be posted for public consumption and compose emails accordingly Email is not a secure or private means of communications, the faster people learn and accept this the better off everyone will be I believe in voluntary contracts, not contracts forced under threat of violence I am neither an anarchist nor an archist, but am squarely down the nonarchic middle of the road." According to US law is there is no difference between those 2 types. The solution that is ending software patents which should not be a thing in the first place 1. The Developer of such an addon may not have ever agreed to the TOS 2. Google is under no legal obligations to enforce a contract between Facebook and the Facebook user 3. The TOS applies to the user of facebook, not the developer of DOM manipulation Plugin 4. To the extent the developer agree to said TOS, it is largely open to interpretation if TOS have any legal authority at all beyond giving the ablity of platform operators to ban users for violating them. I.e Facebook's recourse would be to identify people using the plugin and then ban them from the site. of-course Facebook has no desire to actually ban anyone for using a public so they use legally dubious trademark claims. >It's absurdly backwards because it's asking you to create debt which normally is the opposite of showing you are good with money The American economy, and largely the world economy is based on accusation of debt. If everyone in the US, or other First world nations simply started living with in their means, never incurring debt the entire of the world economy was cease. Thus the credit system is design to reward people that acquire more and more debt and punish people that save or live frugal life styles with in their means The modern economy depends on a person gathering debt from their 18th birthday until their death, where the assets of their life are then sold to cover those debts ensuring the next generation also has to acquire debt repeating the cycle. It always blows my mind to see people suggest the police exist to provide protection. The government and the court system is very clear that the police are NOT a protection unit, any protection provided is merely a by product of their primary mission, Law Enforcement. Law Enforcement has nothing to do with protection, but rather order and control. Protection can be a side effect of order and control but it is not the primary goal, or reason for the existence of Police. >>I'd much rather see a super-efficient all-knowing and well-intended protector That is a recipe for a Tyrannical Police state. >>EDIT2: I am sure violent criminals would love such a database as well, this way when they need an illegal gun they know which homes to rob. No, you have no right to know what I own, be that Gun, Drones, or TV's. You have no right to compel me to publicly list my assets in a database you can search. >>We already have access to other information as a matter of public record 2 wrongs do not make a right. There is FAR FAR FAR too much information accessible to police and even other citizens now. It is clear you believe everything about a person should just be open to everyone. Do you believe in any privacy at all? Where did I say anything about the 2nd amendment? "We the people" have no right to know who own the guns, and if the police infact when armed "to the teeth" door to do looking for any object, gun or not, then any vestiges of a free society will have long been abolished. I desire liberty above all else, I do not derive this belief in liberty from the Constitution or any other document, I derive my liberty from the Philosophy of liberty which itself is based in the Principle of self ownership. These beliefs transcend the constitution. It is sad you are willing to give up essential liberty for perceived protection by the government, who will ultimately take your liberty but never provide you with protection. >>>>Being a registered gun owner does not endanger you in any significant way. Actually it does, in a large number of ways. However that is also not relevant, even if there was no danger I would still oppose such a registration, as you have no right to require me to submit to such a registry. Anyone the respects individual liberty, and freedom will agree. >> They are sworn (like all public employees) to protect the Constitution Sorry no. Federal Law Enforcement, Military, and Elected officials maybe. Probably some other Federal Employees But there is no requirement, nor do many local police dept, require any oath at all, and I can not think of any off the top of my head that have a oath to the Constitution in their ceremony. That does NOT apply to "all public employees" That apples to Elected Officials, Judicial Officers. Further my state has no such clause in its constitution You can not be a strong advocate for privacy, while at the same time believing in a National Publicly accessible gun registry. These are mutually exclusive. Pick one. And I disagree with all of them. Unlike what you claim to be, I actually am a strong advocate for privacy. The fact that the government has already violated my privacy in many ways, is not a defense or justification for more intrusion upon my privacy. A privacy advocate should never use the justification you have I think we have very very very different views of what a utopia would be. In no way could a society where I have no privacy be a utopia. Not to me. I value my Freedom and Privacy above all else What is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death! You clearly are not a person who studies history. Most of our progress as a nation is a direct result of people breaking the law in various ways. Would there have been a Civil Rights movement at all if an all knowing protector would have stopped Rosa Parks from even getting on the that bus? Or the Woman's Rights movement if an all knowing government was able to eliminate the movement before it got an mass attention. You want to see a complete conformist society with no ability for any person to exist with out the "approval" of that society. I shutter to think would have happen to LGBT persons if your vision of a "utopia" existed Today we are locking up people based on what plants they choose to grow, and are raiding home because they happen to throw some loose leaf tea in the garbage after shopping at a gardening store. How will giving these incompetent morons more power going to make things better, going create a utopia. That is unless North Korea is your view of a "utopia", where the politically connected, the politically correct, and the conformists are rewarded by government and anyone that speaks out, or has an opposing view is simply disappeared. Cops are so trigger happy for a wide range of reasons, not knowing who has a gun is not one of them The reasons include but not limited to (and in no particular order) 1. Poor Training in Gun Operations and Saftey 2. No Training in deescalation 3. No Accountability for murdering people 4. Decades of "War on X" public policy that makes the citizens the "enemy" of the police 5. Militarization of police. We have effectively turn the Modern Police force into a Paramilitary organization with less oversight and fewer rules of engagement >They do not view themselves as civilians charged with protecting other civilians (which is what they are) that is what I have been attempting to dispel. The common misconception that the public has is that the police are in fact a protection force. They are not. I actually give your State Police credit for being honest with the public. Every other police force lies when they claim to be their for the protection of the people. there is never been any legal basis for this belief, every single court ruling on the subject in in fact direct contradiction to the statement "the police are for protection" Police are there to enforce the law. period, end of statement. They have no other purpose. There are very very very very very few cases where police provide any actual protection. For the most part they are revenue generators, tax collectors. They also provide needed protection and security for the government apparatus of power. they ensure the citizens do as their masters in goverment demand. this idea that police are simply citizens here to protect other citizens is a myth and we can not have real police reform until people wake up to reality and stop living in that myth >>I prefer not to have to bother removing stickers every time I want to do a Skype call. I solve that by never talking to anyone ;) >What more do you want? Them to open source and GPL all their software. >MIT isn't good enough? Because they did use MIT. Windows is MIT licensed now? System Center is MIT Licensed? Visual Studio is MIT Licensed? (not core, core is not Visual Studio, it Github's Atom editor with a MS skin) I believe I said ALL software not just some side projects To translate if you are attempting to exploit other peoples code with out giving anything back to the people that created the code then GPL is a cancer >MIT or the MS-PL is much more practical. This depends on the project I normally license my libraries, code I intend to be included in other software under BSD or MIT, but full developed software that is intended to be used as is gets GPL. Or maybe they would choose to work with OpenStack and discontinue their relationship with a draconian and backward company that locks their API behind a NDA >You don't "have to" pay taxes. Someone's going to come after you, but they're not going to kill you over it. While they may not kill you directly for paying taxes, if they come for you, or your property, and you attempt to defend yourself they will kill you Thus I believe that is in fact being killing because you did not pay taxes and that also means you in fact you "have to" pay taxes IRS agents, or more likely local tax agents will attempt to take your stuff, i.e your home, land, etc to cover your "debt" to them if you attempt to defend your property from their theft then you will be shot. So yes they will actively kill you. Why do you believe you have a ethical claim on my labor? Do you own me? While there can be a case for Land taxation, there is no ethical claim for Income Taxation. This would be valid if we were only talking about taxation applied to the actual land. The scenario I described was the IRS taking your land to cover taxation based on your Income, IRS does not tax land in any way. They tax income and other transactions but not land. The IRS however can take your home, car, or any other personal property you own to cover income based taxation. I actually agree with your assessment for pure land taxation (not to include any structures, or other items you places upon the land) Taxing land value I believe has a ethical foundation for the reasons you stated, taxing income has no ethical foundation for those same reasons. If you believe the government has the right to tax land because it has or once had an ownership interest over that land, then the only possible reason you could agree that the government has the right to tax income is if you believe the government has a ownership interest over your person. or 90% of the US that is not SF/Silicon Valley >>> if the action is just to get a search warrant to search that location for more evidence, that seems OK to me So you believe based on nothing more than your IP address showing up connected to alleged criminal activity, the police should be allowed to batter ram your door at 3am, shoot your dog dead, detonate explosive in your living room, and potentially kill you if you are not fully awake instantly and follow their commands to the letter with perfect accuracy? Because that is how the US Police force "serves" a search warrant in 2016. So to you the only options possible is suffering for poor people, or massive government programs? That is really the only 2 options you believe can exist? They might as well adopt blink. Make Firefox a Chromium Clone/Fork and call it a day, that seems to be what they want. >>>architectural changes like electrolysis People always being that up like it is a good thing... I like Firefox the way it is, I do not like electrolysis or the way chrome does it processes >>Firefox's extension model wasn't a model, it was a wide open API hole which you could reach into and tweak whatever internals you want with. That's not great Actually it was/is Awesome, It is what made Firefox great. >>>The W3C exists as place for these companies to work out interoperability standards. Web for All The social value of the Web is that it enables human communication, commerce, and opportunities to share knowledge. One of W3C's primary goals is to make these benefits available to all people, whatever their hardware, software, network infrastructure, native language, culture, geographical location, or physical or mental ability. Web on Everything The number of different kinds of devices that can access the Web has grown immensely. Mobile phones, smart phones, personal digital assistants, interactive television systems, voice response systems, kiosks and even certain domestic appliances can all access the Web. https://www.w3.org/Consortium/mission EME and DRM violate the Stated mission of the W3C >>there'll be a standard DRM multimedia format whether it's "endorsed" by Open Web people or not Open web people can not endorse DRM, once a open web persons endorses DRM they cease to be a Open Web Person. No, a No True Scotsman fallacy exclude the specific cases or others like it by rhetoric, without reference to any specific objective rule. Claiming to be a Open Web supported while also endorsing closed items like DRM, is an objective violation of the Philosophy of the open web People over use and misappropriate the charge of No True Scots Man >Please note that I'm not making (here) any argument for or against S5 Sounds like you are, sounds like you are making a very Pro S5 argument >>You'd have to provide evidence that Theresa May has been planning terrorism. the problem with that is defining terrorism. Since the government defines what legally constitutes terrorism they exclude themselves from being perpetrators of said activity. However under the technical definition of Terrorism, which is "the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims." I can make a case that almost every nation state on the planet is guilty of terrorism in some fashion. Leaders of those nation states are then terrorists. Most people however give a break to using violence if it is "legal" under the laws of a nation, they associate terrorism with the illegal use of violence, instead of the actual definition which is ANY use of violence legal or not "in the pursuit of political aims." That would depend on the circumstances around the stone throwing and the goals of person(s) throwing the stones. In some instances yes it would be terrorism. Terrorism does not have to involve massive loss of life, or even be life threatening. People today seem to believe terrorism is only when Brown people blow themselves up in a Town Square, or when someone goes on a Mass Shooting rampage under the guise of a religion. Terrorism can take many forms, and is more rampant then people want to acknowledge. People today only want to focus on Islamic terrorism, and exclude almost all other forms as they seem to be more socially acceptable often because they are legal >>>all-hands are quite important to remind people of the company culture and to connect individuals to the mission. My mission is to trade my labor and experience for currency I can use to fund my life. That is all >All-hands aren't about corporate bullshit. Yes it is. This entire concept of "we are a team" or worse "we are a family" is bullshit, the second it is more profitable for the company to not employ you than it is for the company to employ you, you are shown the door. Taking only Gas Taxation as the only "user tax" is dubious at best "User" Based taxation figures should include 1. Gas Taxes 2. Sales Taxes on vehicles 3. Registrations and Inspection Fees 4. Yearly Excise Taxation 5. Environmental Fees an several other kinds of taxes that directly apply to operation of motor vehicles, Further this study (that I saw) did not seem to address the MASSIVE subsidy given to commercial operations on the Interstate system, the Gas taxes paid by Commercial Trucking companies is fraction of that charged to operators of non-commercial vehicles. >>>Also what is BI? Business Intelligence helps corporations analyze on their core competency in order to synergize growth strategies globally for cloud-centric and client-focused innovation One has nothing to do with the other You can be VERY good at systems security, while simultaneously wanting to violate your customers privacy.... >>>it's not clear to me that Github took it down because of DMCA. Exactly, there seems to be a common misunderstanding that if anything is taken down then it because of DMCA, there are number of ways content may be removed from a platform, be it GitHub, Facebook, YouTube, etc. Not all of it is DMCA. In fact for large platforms that offer take down processes outside of DMCA I would say the vast majority is not, for example anything taken down via ContentID on Youtube is NOT a dmca take down. >>> No logitech mouse support Make sure you support vendors that support linux, I have no logitech devices in my home for this reason. >>>While it supposedly exists, I could not make f.lux work. Redshift, much better >>> The ridiculous amount of times I have to type in my password (and use sudo) is really user unfriendly. You should only have to type the password if you are attempting to access a area outside of the users control, this should be limited to administrative functions like installing software, or changing system wide settings. Sounds like you have a configuration issue or at attempting to do things that SHOULD be locked down and SHOULD require elevation and are complaining because linux is more secure than windows One of the reasons windows is terrible at security is because every time they attempt to add security they give people a simple "click yes" way to bypass it rendering it useless Shhh, one should not have to learn how to use their tools. >>>If you do buy a Thinkpad, I recommend reformatting the machine and doing a stock Windows install. that should be done with all computers no matter who you buy it from Yes because Lenovo is the only major vendor to install spyware, break ssl, or any other things. Dell has never done that... ohh wait https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2015/11/superfish-20-now-dell-... If I look deep enough I can find where every manufacturer has done this... that is my point. Dont use OEM Images, or better yet dont use Windows... that is my point Ayn Rand was also very outspoken about not being called a Libertarian, she create Objectivism to be separate and apart from Libertarianism, one of the differences between Objectivism and Libertarianism is copyright/patents Compromise: Taking the worst parts of 2 ideas and make an even worse singular idea..... On paper this is true... In reality this is only a win if you have the deep pockets of google and are able to implement all the things that Safe Harbor Requires, respond to all of the Automated and primary bogus requests in a timely fashion, and are willing to have to your platform censored to the extreme. YouTube can withstand it because of its inertia, many new platforms have tried and failed. Safe Habor, as written, ensures YouTube's dominance in online self uploaded video. Further Safe Habor does not protect you from being sued, it simply gives you a defense should you be sued. See the YouTube vs Viacom case. AS such one will still have to pay lawyers to defend them, this results in many content platforms being shutdown, or never being created in the first place No in reality Safe Habor only seems like a good thing on paper, and then only if you are a Copyright Maximalist that believe the current copyright law is acceptable or does not provide enough protection. >> For now, Sancoff has decided to stop filing patent applications altogether. "We're afraid the government will come in and put more secrecy orders on us," he says. I see this as a good thing.... IMO the protection patents provide are over rated in the first place (unless your a patent troll) for companies that are actually making something. Of course it will not stop the State Dept from using ITAR to kill your business. >Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) has weighed in on Sancoff’s behalf.“It doesn’t seem right for the U.S. government What does not seem right is the US government can issue secrecy orders in the first place... That is what does not seem right. That seems like a clear 1st amendment violation to me. One should argue that being prohibited from talking about your technology is a 1st amendment violation, and if we are to have the concept of "Intellectual property" then the government banning you from selling it would be a 5th amendment violation with out just compensation., However given that the constitution is widely ignored by the US government today, with full support of the court system, it is unlikely that the constitution will protect anyone. >>Sports is the one area where it basically costs whatever people decide I wish this was true, and with cord killing and Ala carte media becoming more of the standard it will be, but Sports today, especially major sports like NFL, MLB, etc have a hugely over inflated cost because of bundling. The authority to create copyright and patent law is most certainly in the constitution, if it were not all copyright and patent law would be unconstitutional People seem to forget what the constitution is, the Constitution grants government its power, if the constitution is silent on a matter than the government is suppose to be powerless, is not suppose to engage in that activity. This means a whole host of things the government does, should be unconstitutional, but sadly the courts have interrupted the constitution to include powers it does not contain. You remember what the Major Media companies want you to remember. It is revisionist history at best. Yes there was copyrighted content on YouTube, as there is today, but no that is not why is gained popularity. It gained popularity because it made video accessible to everyone. Before youtube attempting to host your own videos, be it a cat video, or a major movie was EXPENSIVE. Back then, as today, most of the "violations" are actually fair use.. Copyright Maximalist however believe copyright gives them total control over their work, meaning if a person using a 1 second clip for commentary, or happens to have a song playing in the background while their baby does something cute on video and uploads it to Youtube that is a violation of copyright. This is only valid if 1. You live in the US 2. You believe the US government is moral and "good" 3. Any "enemy of the US" is evil 3 assumptions I am not willing to support >>Replace "boat" with nuke and the argument starts to sound ridiculous. Why would one do that, there is no law agaist making a boat, it is criminal to make a nuclear device. Thus your argument is not only a Straw man but a moronic one at that. >>>In fact I would expect to be thrown into jail without even seeing court. Really? Then I feel sorry for the world you want to exist in. Even if you did build said nuke, I would expect you to get Due Process, but charged under the criminal laws of the land, and be held to account by a Jury of your peers To believe the government should have the authority to throw you in jail with out trail is extremely dangerous. I am 100% against regulation of Drugs, and the War on drugs so I would say no.. But even under current laws, if you make a new drug the government must go through a process to make it regulated and classify it. It is not automatically illegal. By default all things are LEGAL until they are made ILLEGAL, not the other way around. The one exception to this is Medication, where in order to claim it treats as specific illness it must be approved by the FDA to treat that illness, the drug itself if not illegal per say, it just can not be proscribed by a doctor to treat X until it is approved to do so. Further even in the regulations of Dangerous drugs they do not prevent someone from finding a market in other nations for them. There are a whole host of medications that have been not been approved by the FDA that are sold in other nations. They simply publish them to a book, and send the book.... ITAR is unconstitutional on its face, sadly the courts have upheld it. Phil Zimmermann and MIT Press showed everyone how to get around ITAR, 1st amendment trumps all Information should be free.... >>Its about understanding that your government is responsible for the safety of citizens, and that your enemies will want to kill you Governments are about control, not safety. as to the "enemies want to kill you", most that stems from government aggression in the first place, government is the cause, not the effect of that equation I live in the US Yes the US has Enemies, No I would not be upset is some local corporation sold breakthrough military technology to that "enemy"... I lived through the first cryptowars, I do not have the desire to give the government that kind of power I see the resurgence of the new cryptowars on the horizon, government can not be trusted to choose what information should be public and what should be secret So then you should get off the internet, as the Internet is Military Technology Better stop using that GPS as well, and about 1000000000 of other common everyday technology that was created for military reasons. GPS is still 100% military, the US Military can kill the civil band of GPS at any time it wants, all of the satellites are own, operated and maintained by US Sat Com. The internet started as a ARPA research project, the fact that it is used by civilians today is not relevant to the conversation You stated that "I think advancing military tech is at best neutral, and at worst very, very bad." GPS and the Internet are 2 prime examples of Military Tech has that massively improved the world. Nuclear Power being a 3rd, I can cite 1000's of others. I found it confusing that they expected growth over the last 2 years when in 2014 they functionally announced they were going to abandon it, transitioning it to "community ownership" This is a self fulling prophecy >>I realize this often isn't the case, but the pursuit of taxing specific behaviors is supposed to only be used to fund things caused by that behavior: That is only for the press release.. It is never actually that way. Almost all taxation applied to a general fund, meaning all taxes are simply put in a large pool, then various programs are funded from that pool. There are almost never any actual legal rules that requires say a Gasoline tax to only be used for roads, or a cigarette tax to only be used for Health Programs For this reason, and many others, I never support using Taxation for social control Government should not be using tax policy to incentive or decentivize any activity. Taxation should be used to fund X program period. Taxation should be generalized, AKA a income tax, a sales tax, etc. There should not be special taxes applied to individual products or product types >> Or do you suggest that government should not be involved in social control? Bingo... I do not believe the government has any ethical role in tell me how I should live my life, or punishing me if I choose to have a life style the government disapproves of. That is a slippery slope, if you want to talk about products or activities that "harm society" Further then you have to define what "harm" it is doing. I also suspect part of that "harm" you talk about is Costs associated with healthcare that is paid for by the taxpayer, meaning you likely support government run socialized health services. I do not. I do not question the harm cigarettes do to individuals, but individuals make choices every day that cause harm to themselves. That is not a reason for government involvement I do not believe it is my place to tell individuals what chemicals they can or can not consume I am 100% against the War on Drugs as well, and believe that all drugs, including crack, cocaine, and all prescription drugs should be legal to buy if the person desires it. I am an individualist, not a collectivist >>I don't think teaching science better It is not about teaching science better, it is about teaching critical thinking at all. Schools, especially primary schools, are devoted to conformity, social acceptance, and political correctness They do not teach people to be critical of those in authority, or power. This drives out the required critical thinking a person needs when they hear dissent on climate change, or how GMO's will be the end of humanity instead they just accept it as fact because a person of authority in their lives(be it a politician, preacher, or even simply an older adult they look up to) has told them it is fact so it is fact. >>disrespect the right of the authors to get a fair share for their work. Because there is no right or "fair share". Creators have only the right to ask for money for their works, they have no right to compensation at all. Further from an American Legal perspective there is no "choice is between authors not getting paid and freedom of expression" the constitutional reason for copyright, patent and trademark is to promote free expression. That is the sole reason the government was empowered to create copyright law in the first place. to the extent that copyright becomes detrimental to free expression it becomes unconstitutional Copyright does not exist to protect the profitability of Disney no matter how much their lobbyist believe that it does >>Everyone has right to ask and receive a compensation for their work. Nobody should be forced to work for unfair compensation Last I check no one is being forced to create movies, music, books, software, or any other creative works. I work in software development. I have had commercial projects fail miserably, I have spent 100's of hours on projects that have earned me $0, why because while I valued them clearly no one else saw enough value in them to provide me with money for them. I have no right to compensation for that labor. I only have the right to ask people to compensate me, if they choose not to then I miscalculated the market. There are many forms of "value" outside that of currency. Further the sole reason they may use my software it because it is free, any attempt to even charge $1 for it exceeds the monetary value of the software. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_Supreme_... That is easy. Linux is technologically superior to Windows in every way. >>we as consumers have no inherit right to view So if I am walking past a home and they happen to be playing a movie I do not own I some how "owe" the created monetary compensation? > use their work without paying the creator's asking price. that depends on how you define use, I do not believe a content creator has the ethical authority to tell me how I can or can not arrange the bits on my computer system, or what order I am allowed to write words on paper I own. I dont believe a creator should be allowed to use government violence or the threat of government violence to prevent me from downloading instructions from a website that directs my computer to store a series of 1 of 0's in a manner that a translation program can then direct my display to light led's in a specific pattern that many brain will recognize and accept as entertainment They have the right to ask me to voluntary give them money in exchange for them recording how the computer should store these 1 and 0's but to make it illegal for me to copy this pattern is where I draw the line. >> I'm going to make the assumption that you're referring to the idea that no law should be made that you aren't willing to resort to violence to support. All laws are enforced by violence, that is what makes them law. Law is force, Force is violence. Every law, from Jay Walking, to First Degree Murder is based by the threat that an armed agent from the government will enforce that rule upon you. And that has nothing to with if I owe the creator of the movie monetary compensation because of "viewed" the movie Clearly you are not in the United States... >>Most involve certified letters and negotiations between lawyers in front of an (unarmed) judge. While the judge himself may be unarmed, he has armed protection often several armed protectors at the ready. And if you ignore the commandment of the judge he/she has no problem ordering those armed agent to bring violence upon you to compel your obedience >>but that's all it is, a justification. And in my opinion, that justification results in less original content. Given that more content from more people is being created today that at any point in human history runs counter to your statement Copyright is about protecting the Gatekeepers, the Movies Studios, the Music Labels, the Book Publisher, not about protecting creators. Karl Fogel does a great job explaining the History of copyright and why is it not needed to protect creators https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhBpI13dxkI >> it's our own propensity to not respect the rights of the creator which has encouraged the adoption of DRM. I do not recognize them as rights. Copyright is a Positive Right created by government. I am a supporter of Negative Rights theory and do not support any Positive rights at all >>The rest of your argument centers on DRM; it is not just about DRM,DRM is how they attempt to force my property to disobey my commands, it is also about the law the DRM is attempting to enforce on my machine This is why libertarians only support laws that are DEFENSIVE in nature, i.e law banning Assault, rape, murder, theft, fraud, etc. Outside of these types of laws, enforcement of other laws like Copyright, Drug Possession, etc are unethical initiation of force. Here is a quote from what many consider a foundation book on libertarian legal theory http://bastiat.org/en/the_law.html#SECTION_G004 The law is the organization of the natural right of lawful defense. It is the substitution of a common force for individual forces. And this common force is to do only what the individual forces have a natural and lawful right to do: to protect persons, liberties, and properties; to maintain the right of each, and to cause justice to reign over us all. >>>Government is strongly limited by time. There's a hard ceiling on the amount of things that can be proposed, debated, and voted on within a term. Consequently, if there are things in the statute that are no longer used it's often better to simply ignore them than to spend precious time in the house arguing about removing them. That is exactly why all laws should have sunset rules built into them. We should have listened to Thomas Jefferson who wanted all laws, even the constitution itself to expire every 19 years That is the entirety of PCI PCI is nothing more than Security Theater so Mastercard and visa can claim it is all the merchants fault for data breaches and shield them from any liability There should only be 3 options to moderation that are acceptable 1. Removal of Post outright 2. Editing of post WITH ATTRIBUTION or Acknowledgement of edit 3. Banning of user/thread/topic/etc with full and open disclosure This habit of Redit and other sites have of "hidden" moderation needs to end The Practice of silent moderation, silent editing of post, shadow bans, etc should not be acceptable to anyone that values free Speech And before you go off on your moronic tangent about Reddit not being a democracy. Yes Reddit can legally choose to censor anyone they want, or do anything they want really on their platform, that is not the topic of debate. The topic of debate is around do YOU a presumed reddit user want to continue to support such a site. Do you want to visit an ecochamber of heavily censored topics and discussion? Reddit became popular on the back of having very very very few limits on expression, the reason people flocked to it was because of open and uncensored discussion. If the site Admin's want to turn it into a Democrat echo chamber free of any alternative view points they are free to do so. I am also free to fucking call them censorious fuckwits if they do Some how I have a feeling you would not hold the same opinion spez did this to a community you approve of, or on topic you approve of //and for the record, and I should not have to say it but I feel I need to which is telling in itself, I did not vote for, nor do I support Donald Trump. I have been for more than 20 years a Libertarian, and voted for Gary Johnson in 2016 if only there was a way to turn of notifications when a person says your name.... Ohh wait... there is. http://imgur.com/a/wXsWU >>Free speech has a limit, unfortunately, Sorry no. The second you limit speech it is no longer free speech. This is a concept people have a hard time grasping. People that say reddit is not free expression are correct. It is limited expression. There used to be fewer limits, than today, and reddit seems to want to massively increase those limits even more. >because large groups can't police themselves Based on your subjective view on what they should and should not say they cant. >No, but if you go to the_donald that's what you get. Or do you really think they don't censor certain discussions? Dont know, never once visited, dont care what they do We are not talking about the Policies of a indivual subreddit. Most subreddits are not for Free Expression, most are topic based and heavily censoured to ensure the topic of discussion stays on topic. For example posting political threads on /r/sysadmin is not allowed, I have no problem with this as the rules are fully disclosed, open, and I know what I am getting into when I subscribed You see I have no problem with Moderation. I have extreme problems with SECRET moderation. >A message like "F U $ADM" has no place in any subreddit I would tend to agree, and would have no problem the SPEZ removing the posts. But redirecting F U $ADM to F U $MOD secretly is not the solution, it is childish and should not be viewed as acceptable. The problem can only be made worse by involving government. Sad that Bruce Schneier does not understand that reality FCC is openly hostile to Open Source, so I doubt they would require anything to be Open Source >>>>These exemptions are meant to cover people in certain job roles where output is measured by work delivered, not hours spent, and where the person has independent responsibility for controlling their working hours to certain extent and were overtime as such is in theory voluntary. While that is the stated reason, if you actually read the law it becomes clear that these exemptions are meant to cover people in certain job roles where the lobbyist paid congress the correct amount of money to get their preferred job roles exempted >>>>It's worth noting that this change also follows a change in 2004 that went the other way Yes and many (myself included) are wondering why the 2004 Rules in favor of business are with in the scope of DOL power, but the 2016 rules are not. Legally speaking if the 2016 rules are not valid than neither are the 2004 rules History. What you will end up with is likely something that is LESS secure but now mandated for anything made/sold legally in the US. The rest of world will be free to do better things You will also end up with mandated Backdoors, weakened encryption, and a variety of other NSA/FBI wish list items that will be included in any "Cyber Security" bill I have no interest in the US congress regulating IoT devices, that will not be good for liberty, or security So then I guess you also want a Personal Computer or Home Security System to be $1,000,000. Have no Open Source Technology, and generally have no access to the average person let alone low income persons. If Boeing will be the only company allowed to make IoT products then you might as well kill the IoT industry, as each product will cost 100000x more than it should. I classify that BAD... sad you do not Security is one thing, but if it comes at the expense of Open Source and accessible systems then i choose Insecurity. I will choose Freedom over Government every time >>I have to say I'm really disappointed and this is a huge blow to people that invest in startups offering hardware. Buyers need to start demanding Open Source Software and Open Hardware... With out that, you will always be screwed It is already very good. They may not have any Legal Liablity, but it going to be a PR problem for them I know I will not buy any FitBit products either, if this acceptable to FitBit, to do nothing for these customers knowing this was going to happen then FiTBit does not deserve anyone's money either. It would have been better for the company to just Die if they were that bad off (which I have my doubts unless they were Seriously mismanaged) These Acquihires where a large company partially buys out another company for there personnel and/or IP shuttering the original product and fucking over customers need to come with at minimum a HUGE PR back lash for the company buying the assets to make them at least do right by the original customers offering things like Reasonable levels of support, Transition planning, etc I shutter to think what you believe a "strong position" would be if you do not believe patent holders today do not have one. I am personally favor abolishing all patents, especially true for "design" and software patents. I feel Patent holders today have FAR FAR FAR too much power to the point where the patent system is HARMING innovation instead of encouraging it My tool buying methodolty is 1. Buy Harbor Freight Version.... 2. If a break the Harbor Freight tool, then I will look at a SnapOn, Dewalt, Ridged, or other Contractor/Professional Brand I have very fews tools in the #2 category... Hand Tools still have a lifetime warranty Power Tools and Specialty Tools have limited time warranties I am mainly a Woodworker as a hobby and IT has a Profession My Cars are worked on by Professionals so I do not have alot of Automotive tools or needs While I too oppose DRM, I find it less objectionable on a Subscription service like Netflix because there no assumption of ownership. I do not own the content on Netflix I did not buy it, I am renting a access licenses to a library of content for a monthly fee. Now DRM on BluRay, DVD, Digital Downloads, Games, etc that do have an assumption of ownership because I pay a onetime fee with the expectation of accessing that content in a non-time limited way. Those types of things should never have DRM >>> Tree Style Tab 105,213 users compatible That is all that matters to me I have never understood the desire to have 1 Homogeneous Platform with no variety, no customization, no personality. To have a large corporate overlord dictating how I use the device I "bought" I see these same statements in the Linux Desktop world where everyone bitches about how All the Distro's are different, and how the Arch way is different from the Debian Way, and different from Red Hat, Canonical etc. That is what I LIKE about Linux, that is what is LIKE about Android. If i wanted a Corporate Overlord I would use an Apple or Microsoft commercial garbage >> when a collaborative project would be able to reduce that by a huge factor and benefit everyone. Or benefit no one because you create a Desktop that no one likes because it is developed in a way to pisses everyone off Gnome users do not like the KDE Experience Awesome Users do not like the Gnome Experience XFCE users do not like the Awesome Experiance This is the reason these products exisit, and no it is not "duplicating efforts" any more than have different models of Cars is "duplicating efforts" Do you really believe the automotive industry would be better off is all the Auto Manufacturers did away with all Models and simply made 1 car. >target audience Of what? I was a early backer on Kick starter... At this point I believe the Hardware to be vapor... They have pushed the delivery date for backers back soo many times I if I ever actually get one I will be shocked. Many backers have made their own from the software using their Own rPI's Then dispense with the formality and Start pricing tickets like UPS prices shipping Weight X Distance X rate Treat humans like Packages, I am sure that will go over well This happens all the time with marketing, surely this is not the first time you have seen a company co opt a term for marketing purposes. This seems like a case of perfect being the enemy of good. Healthcare is not immune from Automation either. there is huge efforts underway to replace Doctors, Nurses, etc with AI. That is not a complete Electrical system, just the panels which are only cheaper in area's with ideal solar output. Go north where there is less sun, and more clouds and the cost starts to rise fast, further Electrical Storage is a major concern since solar only works at most 12 hours a day, you have to something about the other 12. So no Solar is not cheaper when looked at in total cost to supply useable power to people 24/7 Further the cost of Coal is higher today largely because of artificial fees places on it in the form of Carbon Taxes, EPA regulations, etc. While I agree many of these are needed and benifitial to the long term it is this has to be factored in to the statement that Solar is "cheaper" if the government adds all kinds of fees to everything but solar of course solar will be cheaper, but that is an Artificial Result created by government intervention in the market place not technology. The draw back of this is that increases the price of power for everyone and that hits poor people the hardest when their power bills double because of some new EPA Regulations >>Who's dream is it to perform a "relatively narrow set of repeated tasks" for 8 hours a day? No ones, but they also want to eat, have a home, and provide for their offspring > As mentioned, take these "prime aged workers" teach them skills, and suddenly we have a spike in actually valuable labor instead of a middle class of unfulfilled office drones stuck in a stupor. What about the people that can not be taught "skills", what about when the machines take over their skills? What about ... 100 other scenarios I can come up with >the framing should be look at this amazing business opportunity to onboard high value workers, not cautionary doom. To do what, exactly? No job is safe from automation. To deny the potential for this new wave of automation to create massive poverty is to deny reality. We have ti adjust how society functions, how we look at labor, and honestly how we look at human rights. If we do not, if we hold to the same Social Structure of 40 hours a week with minimum amount of pay as possible all that will be is suffering for the majority, because even in this "utopia" where you can take 100% of the lower skilled worker and magically impart upon them more skills all you have done is flood the market with a greater supply of workers for those higher skilled jobs while no increasing the demand for them. Economics 101 tells up that results in a reduction in the price of that labor, so what was once "valuable labor" is no longer valuable. Surgeons are but one small and very specialized part of the Health Industry, just because Surgeons may not be replaced soon (even that I can debate) does not mean the other jobs in Healthcare are as immune, GP's, Nurses, Lab Techs, etc are all targets. the comment I replied to was wanting to take People in Job A, and retrain them for Job B in healthcare as a second career do to Job A being automated. You are not likly to be a Surgeon as a Second Career unless you are already a non-surgical doctor. You are not going to take a welder and make them a Surgeon as a second career most likely. As such it was implied that Healthcare was a "safe" industry for people seeking refuge from having their jobs automated away. I was pointing out it is not.