I have a very simple question: What would happen if they tried to sue a developer in a country that doesn't consider software patents valid, and in which their patent has the worth of decorative piece at most? Said developers aren't interested in coming to USA, either. I wonder how the hell did they focus on Misaka and upskirts... cause anyone who read/watched the material would know, that the running gag is that her clothing makes any try at pantyshot futile... and thus doesn't really care about moving in a way that would normally expose her. I guess my astonishment comes from the fact that to me, the name reminds me not of a minor gag, but rather of the mentally-broken, war-torn 13~14yo who could take over any computer system, and use coins (and other conducting materials) as hypervelocity projectiles (thus her nickname, "Railgun"). So... once again, media jumping to worst possible interpretation? ... I am sorry, but that's very untrue. As it happens, not every language is implemented using runtime written in C/C++, nor does every language modules written in C/C++ to extend it instead of FFI. Dealing with libraries written in C++ without C API is one of the worst PITAs in my experience, leading to crazy things like KDE's SMOKE (which, to make it funnier, has bad documentation, so I'm still unsure if I can make it work outside Qt's object model) At that speed, it could easily cut through the rather delicate construct that is an airliner's wing, especially close to tip as it did. The simulation also didn't agree with facts, without proposing anything regarding why it the plane might end up where it was found. Pity the facts, right? Because "accident" is how you call such disasters? Also, people in the industry knew the less-than-sterling reputation of governmental transport service. EDIT: I should clarify that "accident" is a specific class of event in aircraft accident investigation, together with "incident". It's literally "aviation terminology" stuff. Except it's not 100 tons of steel. It's a very delicate structure of tons of parts, and the part that got damaged wasn't the most resilient (nor did it account for 100 tons of steel). Breaking into pieces happened when the whole plane hit the ground in the worst possible (for airliner) way - upside down. At over 180 km/h. A big problem is that the newer stack is not homogenous - the applications deployed on Dyno have much, much bigger variability than the old "Rails/Rack only" stack of Heroku. Meanwhile GAE stack is fully controlled by Google and reuses, afaik, their impressive "google scale" toolchest that goes from replacement naming systems, through monitoring, IPC, custom load balancing etc. While F5 and similar offer nice hw for that, I'm not sure if their hw (or HAProxy's software) supports the architecture type used by Heroku (many heterogenous workers running wildly different applications with dynamic association of worker to machine etc.) FB is a ghost town for me, despite having bigger amount of "friends" there than on G+... The difference is that the occasional content on FB is utterly lost between tons of "apps" and ads, to the point that I can count the amount of times I visited FB in 2012 on fingers. FB's last "pro" is Messenger... which I use actually to talk to only one person. Quebec's case is rather their laws regarding contests, lotteries etc. Basically any contest from outside Canada won't give a damn about working all of those rules in (if it's even possible at all), so they are simply banned from essentially all international competitions of this kind :) In their interactions with Quebec residents, apparently yes. The actual decoding passes don't translate well to shader architectures, so GPUs include custom circuitry to handle various transformations involved in decoding. I am sorry to say, but in this case, at least some people I know would refuse not because it's "old", but because it's PHP. They would joke about rather using COBOL than PHP, indeed. (I count among them, and yes, I do remember enough to somehow get by in ISPF on IBM mainframe ;)) The long loading time might be unoptimized-yet parsing of various XML files of ones app. In general, it's mostly an evolutionary work on existing IntelliJ Android plugin. The View editor afaik has some support for custom views, but only some - it's rather iffy (IntelliJ Android view renderer simply used Android libs to render them, but of course that doesn't work for everything, and anything fully programmatic is dead anyway). Fwiw, IntelliJ's XML editor was always much better at not freaking out at the fact that you haven't finished writing that new tag so of course your view doesn't validate (something that was a constant for me back when I used Eclipse). The editors in general are standard for IntelliJ, with some nifty transformations added - the XML string example reminds me of how IntelliJ dynamically renders certain idioms into Java 8 forms while still keeping the code in 1.6 (well, that's how I have it configured, that is). In general, it's nice, I hope it will be available as plugin into plain old IntelliJ as well. Hmm... other than some issues with disappearing completion windows (probably related to me running XMonad), I haven't really found it to be that ugly on linux... Maybe not very slick, but frankly speaking, for the benefits it's small price :D Could you describe your workflow/emacs.d ? I've been thinking of going with Emacs for Java coding for some time, but JDEE always seemed to be missing something (and some of the newer options tended to eat hilarious amounts of resources or required maven) I think that there's a significant number of people who didn't do the learning you apparently did, and instead tried a let's call it "vocational" approach. Funnily enough, such approach is at the core of the jokes about a so-called "humanist" studies leading to a job at McDonald's - the difference being that you can usually get by enough to start in STEM fields. The other group of people complaining about university, to whom I sometimes belong, is grumpy due to how easy it is to be self taught, even if you might miss some of the more theoretical stuff that you won't use unless you work on a harder problem than most software in the world. Sometimes it's not even about education as much as it is about finances - I quite often found myself looking at job ads and thinking "I could do the job right now if I dropped uni, and I would have no more problems with money". I have seen bias based on operating hours which can benefit USA based freelancers, but rarely I had seen someone explicitly wanting someone from USA when the job didn't involve on-site work. OTOH, I have actually seen jobs restricted to countries marked as "developing economies" in order to take only the cheaper bids. I think the real issue is that nobody[1] really cares about ad-hoc networking, especially in anything linux related. I recall times when NetworkManager team, back then the only "nice" tool for wifi, outright claimed they don't ever care about ad-hoc (or even static IP). Similarly, barely anything appears to support ad-hoc, and I am not sure if many current users recall that it exists at all… [1] an obvious hyperbole, but that's the feeling I get In Ruby World, Sequel ( http://sequel.jeremyevans.net/ ) probably gives a bit of best of both ORM and direct SQL use, because what it really does is an object-oriented ("native" to language) interface to SQL database. And yes, it can build models like ActiveRecord, too! In Common Lisp, postmodern ( http://marijnhaverbeke.nl/postmodern/ ) serves a similar role, with both DAO and lower-level access methods that compose pretty well. The 'perec' ORM from DWIM project was based on Postmodern, and among some weirder things I did quite easily was embedding custom SQL into query builder, so that the object-based accesses would use the advanced SQL. Really nifty feature :) Pretty much the only license that CDDL conflicts with is GPL, and that's because of differing approaches of both licenses rather than one being non-free (IMO). However, that doesn't really prevent it from being used with linux in any practical use… Yes, it does happen on some text inputs, it tends to depend on relative size (for example, I recall zoom in landscape but not necessarily in portrait, etc.). Generally I welcome it, because I can click on the teeeny input field and have it come "closer" to me for editing then get out of the way. IIRC, Sun sued Microsoft for creating & pushing proprietary extension that, when used, limited the created application to Windows platform and MS' JVM. Not for improving Java itself, afaik. Aren't both of those only on non-thinkpad branded machines? I think most Mac hardware doesn't have the ability to drive them at 60hz. Except people have bad tendency to not throw out prototypes and are unwilling to do the work to deal with bad decisions from the prototype time... Not that much manual setup - just check it out into quicklisp local-projects directory, and run (ql:quickload "sketch") Seriously, what kind of pre-done setup one needs these days? Even PDE-style package can be prepared for this with CL-launch and some editor support, and the editor is probably going to be biggest issue (if not using SLIME and Emacs). It's doable to make a single monolithic application out of Sketch as well, but I guess it hasn't been done yet (especially since most lispers use SLIME) ... Except that BeOS didn't really put anything that isn't also present in Windows or (much later) in OSX, as well as at least some implementations in Linux. And I might be a bit pedantic, but filesystems are databases. Indexing and navigation methods sometimes differ, but a lot of people use advanced indexing in windows that not only checks extended attributes but also contents. etc. Papert's approach was, AFAIK, wildly different compared to recent spread of "just teach people to code". Papert was going more about actual thinking and exploration using new tools, rather than "teaching everyone to code". Except that "Setup Mode" exists and every serious computing device that uses Secure Boot provides it, because big business customers wants it. What is "Setup Mode"? It's "load your own root of trust and wipe any preinstalled keys". Nothing, nothing says that the root of trust has to be from Microsoft or Intel (and Secure Boot specification that is tested for Windows Logo certification would reject such system unless manufactured by Microsoft or Intel). The difference with jumper is that you have standardized APIs etc. for the signing process, including a standardized "jumper". And they seem to continue to false axiom of assuming "static" == "strong" and "dynamic" == "weak". FFS, some people should finally learn. The real big power of Access was that it could use other database engines through ODBC. Quick RAD tool for databases! It already was such a system - configure the database to use a named ODBC data source that points to shared server instead of JET file, distribute, run. That's more a disaster of our tooling - that we have menial work still, even though it was regarded bad and avoidable in 1970s with C! (not to mention smalltalk, lisp, etc.). GCE provides significantly more reliability promises to us, from the PoV of user - As far as I know, DigitalOcean and RamNode don't provide things like no-downtime host maintenance (hell, AWS doesn't provide that) Interestingly, the "3 cores for 1 user acing one" would explain the pricing of "preemptible" instances - which can cost as little as 1/3rd of full instance. And the main difference is that they are fully rescheduled every 24h or more often, and there's no live-migration for maintenance... … I am now wondering if GCE runs fault-tolerant VMs. Because if it does, holy moly As someone who has run Hdfs in production on bare metal, I wonder how much you dislik gitlab... TL;DR - HDFS is rarely the answer, mainly due to pains usually involving crashed nameservers. Naughty Dog still does so, just usually for game logic, tooling etc. with core engine in C++ (reasons are afaik language-unrelated). Some presentations about uncharted and other games they did recently describe how they use it Dial up lines are still available in some datacenters, had some both for services and for OOB access as recent as 2015 (San Jose) As someone who learnt to glide on modern (30:1 glide ratio) glider, those numbers make me think of truly ancient hardware... A core issue is the use of Record/Playback approach... something that Selenium itself has dropped long ago (Selenium IDE is dead, people, DEAD). In my experience, once you stop trying to record clicks, often on elements that will dynamically change outside of your control, and instead use proper coded tests for locating UI elements like Selenium 2+ gives you, it's much easier to have both tests that don't break and tests that are easy to maintain. There's even a specific concept in UX research related to that whose name escapes me at the moment, but generally boils to "discoverable interface" that is also open and encouraging the user to explore. This way you aren't "blocked" when you first open the application - but you're encouraged to learn and become expert. The signals are skewed in predictable way, which allows recovering the ordering of transmission. IIRC, there's no common clock at all, each lane is "independent" and the ordering is applied on top. Workers aren't well empowered in many of those situations, at least in my experience. Those productive engineers? They figured enough of office politics skills to do the equivalent of taking a manager to a dark alley, then leaving the mutilated remains hanging from the "gate" to their time. Unfortunately, those skills are not skills we teach anyone, at least not in computing. Meanwhile, project management seems to be a common subject in engineering classes in other areas... I find it rather rare for GNU to actually use (any) lisp or support it. Sometimes I have a feeling that only a few hard working people somehow carry the torch of Guile as standard extension language of GNU project. :( Well, I recognize my own lack of skills there. What's worse is that I also have a generally uphill battle with interpersonal skills, so I'm really not the person to teach them to anyone. However, so long as we don't have professional courses taking this into account I don't think we can talk about teaching "software engineers". It's also horribly written and essentially a bad joke. I don't have anything against Apocrypha in an otherwise serious document, but this is so badly written that I know people who only understood what it was talking about on the third read of it, specifically looking for the meaning. It's so low quality that I suspect many people simply don't care about keeping it in, especially as it comes out of left field and not, let's say, general snarky tone (which can be great as anyone in the trenches can recall from time to time). Considering the stories of the breakdown of MIT AI Lab, you might be... surprised. (No, Levy's book was not honest to the facts) Unfortunately, at times I look at GNU and see that it's a project whose success is in spite of RMS. He gave a good basis in the original manifest, gave generally good inspiration, but that's what it is - inspiration. Said inspiration made people work on the projects that over time somehow managed to end up under GNU umbrella. But a lot of RMS-managed, top-down GNU projects? Never got anywhere. See also the discussion mentioned by Ulrich Drepper back in 2001, regarding RMS' behaviour back when Ulrich started to port glibc to linux. "Hackers: Heroes of the Computing Revolution" is probably the most common source for those who "weren't there" about AI Lab, and it paints a story of the lab being destroyed by Symbolics, proprietary software etc. - I have personally seen the meme of "AI Lab hackers got bought out" with referrals to the book itself. What a lot of people don't know is that one of the descriptions used by RMS to talk about how "AI Lab lost people", the story of how he couldn't meet people at lunch, isn't because they left AI Lab for "evil corporations". It was because a lot of people avoided RMS, especially after lawsuit often considered more crucial for the creation of GNU than the Xerox printer story (Stallman violated Symbolics-MIT source licensing deal). From better sources, I have met two AI Lab members from 1970s - one even claimed to have been RMS' supervisor back when RMS was Harvard Undergrad working part-time (and if certain war story is to be believed, is indirectly responsible for Emacs happening) - the impression left was that a lot of RMS' AI Lab contemporaries wouldn't shake hands with him since 1980s. Heard also interesting stories on RMS' mismanagement of early Hurd initiative and how it resulted in close to 0 work being done. The fun thing is that Go on unix is not the native Go environment, and it shows in several places, including treatment of import paths of all things (the whole GOPATH thing). It shows even more in the fact that it originated, and afaik is still partially compatible, with a C compiler that is completely alien to both GCC and MSVC worlds. In essence, Cgo is a hack even on GCC. Windows treatment of C and C++ as "just yet another language" is very alien, however, to the devs who come from unix world, and many basic things are not handled corrently by them or even planned for :( The compiler backend, till the Go rewrite, had been in production use for ~15 years or so from the top of my head, it's just neither GCC, nor the new hotness LLVM. Calling convention TBQH is something that often has to be custom in a language outside of interop bits, otherwise you are forced to deal with various C-style brammage. Unfortunately most OSes don't have language-independent interop calling conventions (Windows has COM, VMS has, iirc, SDL, the rest pretty much has nothing), so even if technically there's some official document practically you get stuck with peculiarities of a specific compiler and its relationship with C standard library. Syscalls are about the only safe interface on most unices and the reason why you can make self-standing Go programs that don't bring glibc garbage and random and unexpected shared library dependencies, something that is quite a reason for the following Go gets on container based platforms. A significant part of it is that there's a disconnect between a bunch of the core team, and the rest of the world, because even said fossilized group of the community often has no idea about certain Go fundamentals (like that significant portion of the runtime is copy-paste rewrite of certain C libraries, libs that even were part of the runtime before the rewrite, and that Go is verily not unix/posix native language). Yet Excel is probably one of the best "UIs" you could support for data entry in the workplace. Damn easy to create new forms, actually not that bad to implement import if the forms aren't brain damaged, it probably beats whatever you make in terms of UX for data entry not to mention ability to massage data locally. The problem is, IMO, the lack of middle ground. A lot of those solutions are old, and integration of more modern functionality is lagging - it's there, but it's not well integrated because the concept of multi-user system with access controls wasn't a concern when the system was originally made! The problem isn't that Access locked in data, it was that people stuck with MS JET engine instead of hooking ODBC server properly - then Access became a funky, useful UI tool for databases. I recently started working with DCOS, and so far it seems that while it might have been more mature and ready platform 2-3 years ago, today I have to deal with issues I don't have to care about on K8s Modding tools (supposedly based on real SDK) for Homeworld (don't recall if 1 or 2, I think 2 since I recall switching some crucial values to make game easier for last mission) used Excel with extensions. GWT is still alive though I think mostly forked by now, and used mostly in Enterprise systems, not fancy-shmancy world of startups and SFBA. It was a flood prevention system which was triggered by IRCcloud network going broken for a long period of time. It's also used by several other open source channels. Oracle is not capable of relicensing OpenZFS, as they do not hold the copyright for it past code that is common between ZFS v28/ZPOOL v5 and OpenZFS. From my understanding both Linus and ZoL team prefer to be separate. It's the opposite way - GPL automatically covers the final product, and does not allow for licenses that have stronger terms than itself. CDDL is per-file license, does not automatically extend itself to the whole product. But it also has wording about patents et al, which puts it beyond direct inclusion in kernel just like MPL. Out of tree with one degree of separation (Solaris Porting Layer) is based on the precedent of AFS implementation for linux, where the argument was that the code is not derivative of Linux kernel code, as in no way was VFS unique to linux or any other crucial part involved. Apple AFAIK started work with Sun in charge - it was Oracle getting its hands on Solaris tech that had Apple pull out. I believe SNI had been considered a privacy leak and thus there are calls to replace it? classic Unix memory management is based about "break pointers" which describe highest address of data segment, and a top of stack pointer, which limits the stack segment. Those areas are linear and you can't free a part in the middle. This is a historical curiosity from PDP-11 before the advent of paging, but apparently still used by some malloc() implementations. Modern memory management doesn't use linear mapping but instead uses paging to create chunks of accessible memory. Some applications still use a big linear address space by appropriately asking the OS then interoperating with memory management to only request the memory that is needed I can only base this on discussions with ZoL maintainers. From my personal look, there could be significant mess due to attempts to "remove duplication" or similar moves to make the code more linux-like. While ZFS is not the rampant layering violation some people accused it of, there's significant amount of code there (and funnily enough, there's actually overlap with some less-known linux features) Why not both? I also recall that a lot of local clinics one would normally go to end up closing thanks to lower funding... so, let's fund more walk-in clinics around? Sats have wild accuracy shifts and depend heavily on the plane being fully operational. Ultimately what you end up with sats anyway is list of waypoints, not anything dynamic, and it can be done with radar as well. No, they do realize exactly that, which is why quite often the paths didn't change as much as they could and why aviation community tends to rebuke ideas like "remove SSR and PSR because GPS and Mode S + ADS-B is enough". Sats provide good "happy path" when everything is ok and allow greater density. But approach and departure routes are going to be designed for safety as well, including when those features fail. In-flight accidents are a thing. GPS and the like provide an efficient "happy path" and a horrible failure mode, which is why there's strong opposition to the removal of radars "because ADS-B/Mode S is good enough" Have you looked at how Smalltalk and late Xerox Interlisp/Xerox Common Lisp machines managed that? I haven't worked with specifics of storage in Smalltalk environments, but Xerox Interlisp didn't use text at all, nor files IIRC Making working per-project definitions in NixOS is what ultimately got me to drop NixOS :( The specific reason is Ruby + RoR leading to nokogiri... which is something people have been dealing with for several years and there's no solution, and I lost the one file where I managed to get it working good enough to launch rubymine in a way that sees everything necessary. Similar issues crop in other places, due to how Nix dependencies are handled like unflattened node_modules at times :/ "clusterfuck" and "ansible scripts" tend to go hand-in-hand no matter what you're deploying, though - at least in my experience. That said, Ansible scripts used by OpenShift take the cake so far for me, some of the worst I ever encountered. But guess what? You don't need all that, which is exactly what things like k3s are exploiting. The common joke became that devstack was the only thing actually tested and if something ran there it was considered done... The practical end result was that you didn't buy "OpenStack", you bought "Mirantis OpenStack" or "Juniper Openstack" (... that one was so broken...) and so on, and there wasn't much portability between them. It has a very clear API stability process, preventing the typical arguments about google dropping things willy-nilly. I rarely have to change anything in my manifests to get them to run after upgrading k8s Running openstack inside docker using k8s is how SAP managed to waive many pains of openstack installation/maintenance If the compile tasks depends on OSX, things get crazy. Even if you can avoid OSX for iOS (here be dragons, but it's possible) Lisp, Smalltalk, Self, and more. Huge body of research that appears nobody pointed out to authors back when this was written (it's a BSc work if I understand correctly, and supervisor should have pointed literature out...) Good work otherwise :-) On some of the most popular GPUs (intel) you get reliable VSync without compositor because synchronization logic has been removed from the chip. And while some tolerate tearing, many don't Do we actually "know"? Cause I "know" that the opposition to GPL was not to make it incompatible with GPL (which is a point of contention actually, and hits deeply into question of when a code is derived code). The point was that making OpenSolaris GPL would block integration chances with NON-GPL projects. In fact, at least one anecdote points out that Sun expected CDDL components to make it into Linux source, just like cases of other non-GPL components in the past (AFS, for example) The very term REPL comes from a language that's been used compiled to native code since 1960s (Lisp) In fact, "compiled" programs on many platforms require an interpreter to set them up by dynamic code loading (including modifications if needed). In ELF header, it's called "program interpreter", which gives a path to a program that understands this particular file and can assembly a running image in memory There's a difference between owning the job in organization and farming it out completely. You don't need to have all competencies inside your org, but you better have some kick-ass people you can trust that can ensure you're not scammed by external consultants - or who know how to talk with contractors so that the project is not catastrophically buggered by nonsensical behaviour and unrealistic expectations of your org An example of a blackboard system in the wild that many would be exposed to today is kubernetes For certain security profiles in Windows 10 and related Windows Server versions, it's required that Secure Boot uses customer keys and MS keys are purged (you have to sign your installs with your own keys). Due to that, any "enterprise level" hardware has to have a way to switch Secure Boot into "SETUP" mode, which cleans all keys and let's you put in your own master keys. MCA was normal DMA bus, including extensions to use it as memory bus (which added few pins to help recognize a memory card and manage it, with plain MCA transfers for access) Closest to complex "IO Channel Program" on PCs was I2O which largely tanked despite leaving huge mark on SCSI controller design. While I don't like that tone, it's at times hard to not fall into it. Because all of this had happened before and will happen again, often without learning anything about the past (example case: NoSQL) No, they aren't. Generally you have some level of grouping and complex rules on how and when can they branch For those who balk at the mentioned 192kB of memory - the addressable memory was 32 kilo-words (each 48 bit), and the ma vc one was equipped with virtual memory so actual physical memory was larger. I'll give a potentially flamebaity response... But it's because reality appears to say that OSI protocols were right and TCP was wrong. Plain TCP essentially emulates a full duplex serial port. Applications need more on top of that. Methods for framing, attaching Metadata, data flows, secure transport layers, etc. So HTTP which provides a modicum of those options ends up being default, because it's available. For comparison, OSI defined various components to handle those elements and a proper OSI stack should have then available to application developer. Another example would be Symbolics Lisp Machines (Genera) where the network layer provided a bunch of mid-layer protocols, like one which provided messages that were formed of basic typed data structures. So people would use those to quickly build custom protocols for their applications, thanks to not having to deal with low level details. Various Middleware also come to mind. TCP is not enough. Expert systems are AI. (and some of us are salty about statistics creeping overreach on terminology). It seems to me that HN might not be too frequented hy people who work with symbolic AI, but expert systems and semantic tools are very, very deeply connected. In fact, semantic technologies are derived from work on expert systems, and using JESS with RDF store was part of my coursework at university. One day I switched off turbo while playing Test Drive 3. Suddenly, I didn't need superhuman reflexes to play, and could drive on curves at speed :-D Reference counting nor "manual" memory management are not faster than GC by themselves. Both tend to have pretty bad slowdowns that tend to result in optimizations... By batching operations similar to "GC pass", because there are different metrics of performance and occasional pause appears to be good compromise for most. Personally I'm partial to deterministic schemes akin to IBM Metronome, where GC runs in bounded static time. By energy use, Garbage Collection is generally better than typical manual approach, except for when "GC" is actually a naive refcount. Exact results depend on what metrics are you targeting - a stop the world pause can result in very efficient (in total time and power use) system, but one that has problematic latencies. A metronome style approach will have lower efficiencies but timings more predictable than reasonably optimized malloc()/free() We wrote latency-sensitive and high-performance code in GCed languages back in 1980s - avoiding pauses or having predictable latencies (in fact, more predictable than usual manual memory management!) are more of "we don't teach people how to program" rather than issue with GC. As for energy savings, many garbage collectors have amortized energy use lower than malloc/free. Even pretty simple ones (some of the simplest I've seen beat it so hard it's not competition, but they are specific to their application) A good "keyword" to search is "non-consing code", from lisp lore meaning it doesn't construct (allocate) new space. As sibling comment says, it often involved object caches and static allocations. Interestingly enough, similar rules are necessary with malloc()/free where dynamic allocation is often forbidden for latency critical code (or safety critical one) Also - I really, really recommend reading the classic GC book ( http://gchandbook.org/ ) and related sources. I stopped complaining too much about developers when I noticed pretty much Noone gets taught how memory management works - either manual or GC Because people aren't taught about GC or memory management at all, so cheap soundbites about "GC being bad" from old survives as "wisdom" The point is that you lose not only in tight loops. (Tight loop allocating with good GC is actually well known good [1] case, it's deallocation that is PITA). free() as well as malloc() and related have significantly complex algorithms behind them, unless one can simplify base memory management in certain ways - and those ways tend to also allow region-enabled GC to outperform them anyway. [1] Allocating memory in many Garbage Collected systems can be down to one instruction, and if using per-thread heap, it can be atomic add without CAS Symbolics (and other systems like it) had typed memory with hw type checking (so you had safe memory by default), and had one important bit for efficient GC (one that is also utilized by Azul and Shenandoah) - forwarding pointers, in their case implemented "transparently" to actual code. With forwarding pointer, you can copy data and update a reference in a way that is transparent to concurrently running code, as when it access the data again the CPU (or software implementation) will notice the data had been moved and follow the forwarding pointer to new location. The rest of the support for GC was centered around structure of virtual memory, without anything very specific to GC in hw - we're talking about things like "memory is divided into X areas, inside each area the lower side is ephemeral... " etc. There was also some register use to keep track of GC status. I think some versions had MMU or page fault handler update the GC register data. Not having GC in no way improves understanding of architecture or gives better performance. Hordes of C/C++ programmers that don't understand memory management but swear by malloc()/free() are a good example of that. And it's not like C/C++ are only language without GC, they are just popular now . Typical programmer is taught nothing about memory management, till maybe they learn bits and pieces (often by hearsay and cargo culting). It doesn't matter if we're talking manual or automatic. Without such understanding one cannot write performant code or make a good architecture. Also - a good working definition of low-level language is language that makes you care about things irrelevant to your task... if you believe that then you have no idea how Garbage Collectors work, period. In throughput-optimized GC setups (not latency optimized) that's the case. Though free(), despite being seemingly "constant", can have unpredictable pause times as well when you hit a bad point. Azul essentially provided tagged architecture AND I think forwarding pointers. The former gave you precise GC for free, the latter allowed concurrent GC to move data around without pauses. Lisp Machines didn't use tags for tracking liveness/evacuation of objects, though. They used them for safety, which automatically gave them precise , as opposed to conservative , GC which always knew whether it was dealing with a pointer. They also had special, CPU-handled type of forwarding pointers, which when accessed "normally" would transparently redirect you to forwarded location. Being explicit usually means that you have to drop whole classes of optimizations, or manually perform the analysis yourself (probably resulting in errors). Lisp is also typed - the tagging made for easier native code compilation vs. bytecoded approaches. Would probably help if they had constant-time GC available, where you bind mutator ("application code") and collector (GC) to specific quanta of time to run, thus providing reliable timings. The question is whether it would be fast enough. Bags risk damage to the slide, which could prevent passengers from using them, as well as causing physical impact injuries to passengers below. There is no excuse. And how is that relevant? Go channels et al are actually a syntax sugar for a C library that later got subsumed and rewritten in Go, but can still be used - libthread After hearing of seagull gangs having turf wars, and observing a ritualised duel between two seagulls with a circle of watchers who proctored it (the whole thing looked like Greek wrestling using beaks), believing in organized warfare between cats... Is easy. the latter is true, the former isn't - Ref counting is the first automatic memory management (actual name of the field) technique you learn in some of the seminal works. Then you learn why it sucks and not for taking space for counter. Rust's region management also falls under automatic memory management, just "compile-time elided" You need to get the community organised for a hunt. I recall one that happened when a rogue retransmitter managed to spill religious radio onto TWR2 frequency at local Airport You don't need waste disposal sites if you have full reprocessing chain. Which was made nearly-illegal and an invitation for us-sanctioned airstrike for several decades even if you abide by NPT, so... Dunno why, the first thing that came to my mind was "Bastard", which feels much more appropriate for a cat... Might be an association learnt in school? It's not so much eliminated, so much as we can reprocess a lot of what we now have as "waste". Yes, it still involves possibly polluting reagents (some common reagents are the same as in microchip production, btw). However, it enables use of different types of reactors and different total economy of nuclear power generation. The end result is that properly managed, you can limit remaining waste as well as extend usability of each kilogram of fissile material several times. Reprocessing of waste is also how several crucial isotopes are produced - for example, Canadian CANDU reactors are famous for producing important resources for medicine (radiation sources mainly). Similarly, Polish research reactors near Warsaw partially pay for their upkeep by reprocessing the spent fuel into medical isotopes and weapons-grade plutonium (which is then milled with uranium into MOX fuel for civilian reactors) The flight computer responses were ones that help ensure that the airplane remains in safe maneuvering range when air movement suddenly shifts around. For example, a sudden encounter with wind shear might push an otherwise well-trimmed aircraft into just that kind of move, and the FBW computer would be expected to compensate. In this case, the "eyes and ears" of flight computers failed in ways that were unknown to designers and thus bypassed safety measures against their failure. In the Lisp community, there's an infamous story of a Lisp Machine made out of Nokia Communicator (the early, DOS-based model with 80186 cpu) by Timo Noko using Nokolisp. What happened was that the DOS flash image got corrupted somehow, so Noko implemented missing bits in his lisp implementation and made the phone boot directly into it. Since all the software he used was written in his Lisp, there was not much of a difference in usability :-) Socket API was bolted onto Unix as a port from TOPS-20. It might have become accepted part of Unix, but so was XTI which in retrospect was probably better. Honeycomb was rushed release to get proper tablet support out, and essentially wasn't released for phones (it worked there, but badly ). Once the catchup on mobile side was done, you got unified 4.0 Apple doesn't release anything to allow 3rd party development of drivers that integrate into accelerated pipeline (afaik you can do basic frame buffers but that's it). nVidia coasted on having been used in some of the mac hardware thus having access to at least some versions of the APIs, but it seems that what they have no longer works with Mojave. That's...interestingly old HW. As in I'd expect it to be more expensive than newer 64 but stuff Major parts of the firmware were licensed, I assume for time-to-market reasons. Some of the license issues are also AFAIK due to how, somehow, we let entertainment industry strangle hold us - both ME and PSP now have code involved in setting up "protected av path" which is queried by streaming services et al - and if it's not found, you don't get to play 4k media (at least, afaik, with Netflix, it's 4k). AMD could release a friendlier version but it would not be able to do what majoroty of the market expects it to do. n.b. there are license-built cpus that have alternative firmware in PSP, but it's also closed and they are not really available on open market. While I cannot condone bulldozing the graves... A lot of those red army soldiers fought against Estonian army. They weren't in any way liberators, just as Germans turned to not be ones. Yes, those standards are usually about not paying anything including owed wages or PTO (why do you think "unlimited PTO" exists? It means you don't have to pay it back or accumulate it over time, making it easier to reject any PTO request) Ryżem branded cpus have single NUMA zone, threadripper have 2, EPYC have 2 per socket Just basic post-flight download of data takes more than the flight. The reconfiguration happens only in two or three places in the world and can take weeks if not months and then you need to have high-speed Internet access to get it. Quick turnaround is something yiu get from Soviets/Russians or Swedes, where the doctrines involved make it priority feature. They did - original network addresses were, iirc, around 16 bit. Meanwhile OSI went with 20 byte maximum and strong preference for separating service and implementation and putting numeric addresses in implementation side... It was more a result of bad planning and bad incentives. Corporations are similarly centrally planned, but the quarter plan is in many ways as bad as 5 year one. Good companies mix both long term planning and reactive processes Fwupd works on all recent thinkpad generations, but you need to run without bios emulator And "illegal combatant" Coreboot is NOT an UEFI alternative. Unless you want to regress computing to closed platforms (it can be open source and closed platform). My wish is a good open source UEFI implementation running on top of tight coreboot setup, that goes all out on the security features. The simple system is reliable, has certain anti-locking behaviors, and doesn't depend on complex electronics while being obvious if jamming happens Is that feet or meters? Because 1000 feet ASL was the altitude at which it was mandatory for me to start preparing for landing in a glider. 1000m ASL is perfectly normal altitude, unless you're purposefully avoiding ATC interaction by staying under 300m which is dangerous. Nation in nation state is pretty recent addition and already dying off (fortunately), but the state owing allegiance to its citizens (ever imperfect) is better than slide back to feudal-authoritarian corporation that is in no way on the hook for anything towards the common man. Nation state is still better than corporation Windows 10 appears to support one of the newer standards for announcing su h details in beacon Don't forget incompetence in local government with regards to EU grants, too. Often there could be less paperwork than there is... 4chan derives its design from Japanese forums, and the Japanese web for had a very minimalistic design to a huge part of it, even up to today, due to C-HTML and use from flip phones. Unless you are trying to run software that explicitly depends on some of the brokenness from upstream (Gnome3) you can just setup a classic system that will behave the same way you're used to and honestly, I didn't encounter problems with software in that configuration BSD Sockets were never part of "UNIX Philosophy", they are an ugly quick'n'dirty port/rewrite of code from totally alien system (TOPS-20) because DoD had to deal with vendor abandonment Interesting that GDB had its own "time travel" support for longer that afaik works on AMD. Will have to see what rr brings to the table. The virtualization extensions are actually different, but yeah, VMware supports both across all platforms. I think it's only AMD Hackintosh where you might have an issue? ncurses had its support written in September 1995. SysV4 curses had support earlier. I haven't been able to point exactly when xterm gained mouse support to send the data to terminal programs, but definitely before September 1995. Such communities are easy pickings for exploitation, which is how they get infiltrated and made toxic to hell. See also "incel", something that started out from a woman's blog and turned from self-deprecating to a bit of mutual help, to finally a toxic hell hole. Interestingly enough, Go's network functions, by virtue of being native to Plan9, actually are based around Plan9's file-based network API. It works pretty nicely, though "everything is a file stream" has its issues. Government, Politics, resistance to change, NIH syndrome, "us vs them" and a bunch of other issues all conspired to keep BSD Sockets alive. The first is the origin of BSD Sockets at all - UCB got paid by the government to port TCP/IP to Unix and, AFAIK, provide it royalty-free to everyone, because DoD needed a replacement for TOPS-20 as fast as possible and widely available, and there were tons of new Unix machines on anything that could get paging up (and some that couldn't). Then you have the part where TLI/XTI ends up in Unix Wars, associated with slow implementations (STREAMS), despite being superior interface. NIH syndrome also struck in IETF which left us with the issues in IPv6 development and defensiveness against better interfaces than BSD Sockets because those tended to be associated with the "evil enemy OSI" (a polish joke gets lost there, due to "osi" easily being turned into "axis"). Finally, you have a slapped together port of some features from XTI that forms "getaddrinfo", but doesn't get much use for years after introduction (1998) so when you learn programming BSD Sockets years later you still need to manually handle IPv4/IPv6 because no one is passing knowledge around. It also supports at the very least WiFi Alliance's Passpoint, based on 802.11u. "Flight speak" depends on multiple details that are not always obvious. For example, "feets" for altitude are "temporary allowance" and in many places are used only because of the influx of cheap US-made hardware. Flight Levels are actually not specified in meters nor feet, but in air pressure, so that if everyone has altimeters on the same "zero" pressure they will be able to communicate their flight level perfectly. Nautical Miles are used because unlike feet, they actually make sense. Middleware might have Metal support but not be used by the game nor tested. And not everyone is going to redo testing and QA on niche backend. and smaller than other platforms for the users of such middleware - and due to physical and power differences isn't usually running the same game but a modified one. A lot of porting to Mac depended on OpenGL being an API that you could start debugging on other platforms as well. They wouldn't pass cargo certification as well. Nobody likes a cargo plane falling on them. Those problems started with Boeing wanting to keep 737NG type rating as a selling point. Keeping the type rating means that they needed to avoid making completely new wings or significant fuselage changes, which would require a new type rating as well. All of that led to fitting engines in a way that caused a bunch of aerodynamics problems, which led to crappy solutions. The economic incentives started it. CAAC apparently got significant respect at least when it comes to civilian/airliner planes. A lot of people who think of C as genesis and end of systems programming also tend to ignore what was done in Bell Labs, too... even by the team behind C. The longer they spent since last HL2 episode the more DNF the case became, and after few years it was certainly better to not make HL3 because it would fail horribly. The problem is handling failures. We could do automatic landings back when the British introduced Autoland, and in fact any serious autonomous landing will use ILS as the backbone. The problem is that we barely got to the point where an autonomous plane was capable of reasoning enough to do a go-around, but I have zero belief that it would handle failures in other ways than "crash in unoccupied terrain" (if there's any). There is a huge fundamental difference - you can't stop on the curb and send SOS when something breaks . There's no margin for error. the effectiveness of CAAC ban was result of the respect, not the other way around. Like sibling comment noted, Inferno and Limbo. Then there's Alef, Newspeak, Bell Labs fork of C (separate from ISO C if mostly compatible), few other languages I believe, the whole original Unix phhilosophy often is forgotten as well... I recall Brian Kernighan alluding to some of this in his humorous (but true!) mention of "first Go commit" ( https://github.com/golang/go/commit/7d7c6a97f815e9279d08cfae... ) Apparently they are going for SBSA, which means it will have proper UEFI implementation, including possibly ACPI, so you will have normal UEFI experience. Coreboot only handles low-level initialization, it will still need a higher level payload unless you're going to hardcode your kernel to the board for every update. Now, coreboot+tianocore uefi for somewhat open firmware... "real time" has nothing to do with raw speed, and even with C/C++ requires custom allocators to get around normal memory code being unpredictable. Real time requires predictability, something that was solved in GCs by mid-1990s and had workarounds (which are required in C/C++ as well, and widely used by games etc.) by 1980s - when real-time GC'ed programs started to be used. Including hard-realtime in telephone switches. Haskell was strongly localized, and with heavy university bias. There were users outside, but not many, and I think it was around 2003-2005 that it became more common to use (also I suspect GHC to be significant in causing that). Also, Microsoft is quite open in its support for more heterogenous programming than typical Unix environment, with significant use of "niche" programming languages in various places (including things as atypical as putting custom Prolog implementation into Windows network configuration tools, just to run a prolog program that handled said configuration) Didn't Multics Emacs predate ZWEI? Or was kind of contemporary to it? Multi monitor display worked perfectly for long time, long before "it works on intel, let's call it new standard" crew decided that flat shared framebuffer is the only way to go (apparently because of compositors and nothing else), something that also broke support for multi-gpu and especially heterogenous multi-gpu. It's also significant portion of "people who pay for Linux developer salaries" in the form of few workstation users that use Linux-based software that is often paired with Quadros. For a bunch of stupid, hysterical reasons, the Open Source X11 server still has all the warts of early-1990s release. XFree86 used the MIT X.Org core dump to implement open X11 on Linux, but outside of certain new things (DRI, XRender extension) it remained stuck in "world is dumb framebuffers with optional bitter" design. Over time, a lot of useful stuff was broken and supported less and less, then reimplemented in bad way over compositors, instead of having composting Xserver like Xsgi. Security extensions or even basic security tools (private input grab) got waylaid because toolkits didn't implement them (try running GTK3 on hardware without 32bit color GL or on system that defaults to lower bit depth than 32/24). Generally, after letting it get more and more broken, the suggestion for big rewrite arrived. Said suggestion often results in something that resembles "devs first graphic stack", with a lot of basic, important features for daily life relegated to "someone will make an extension for it later" or "use D-bus to implement it elsewhere, and who cares about compatibility". Haven't seen a case of dbus daemon replacement, only I think one or two client libraries, and one is niche and the other is so niche I think less than 10 people ever used it. Windows supports core APIs for longer than Linux, or in fact, X11 exists. It's actually possible (and was demonstrated) to upgrade from 1985 Windows 1.01 all the way up to 32bit Windows 10 and run windows 1.01 application without changes . Arguably backward compatibility is the true reason how MS got to dominate OS market - you had good chance your software was just going to work on new OS version. A lot of that is due to lack of those features. It's really not worth it when you are facing huge downside in usability on things that should have been accounted for in core protocol(-set), but a decade later you need to face aloha-quality, unstable warring incompatible proposals . Nothing prevented X11 frkm adapting with hardware. In fact, commercial implementations did just that. It's XFree86 that was running pretty much on original framebuffer-oriented code dump. Also, if you actually run on server that was more directed towards modern hardware, like Xsgi, GTK3 will simply flip out because it has heavy assumptions that pretty much break. Go is direct successor of a long line of alternative C evolution (Bell Labs didn't stop evolving the language or experimenting with new ones, and Go pretty much initially was a syhtax sugar for Plan9 C and its runtime and style) Pascal had two killer apps. First, it was used for teaching, like Java today. So you had a wide base of programmers knowing it. Second, there was Turbo Pascal which made it an extremely popular language on PC platform (also used to have significant presence on Mac, but I'm less familiar there. They retired public access and private access for "small clients". The engine is still there, Google just decided it's not going to keep the vendor-client relationships. Do these groups include, in their core beliefs, the idea that others should have no rights or worse? No? Nazi do. They aren't going to extend the same olive branch to talk things out if they have the power, but will hide behind "but your tolerance! DEBATE ME!!!" when they don't. The only thing I'd extend to them is the right to due process and innocent until proven guilty - but walk around with Nazi paraphernalia or slogans and you're getting punched. IIRC after Alef went "bust" due to disagreements about GC, its thread semantics got ported to C as libthread, as well as used in Limbo. Then Go kinda resurrected it but with GC? kdbus was afaik not-exactly-compatible (at least not wire protocol compatible), and as its main reason for existence had speed . And finally died after Linus went to town on dbus-daemon pointing out a bunch of fixes that made it much faster (though I don't know if anyone turned that example into actual patches for dbus-daemon). As for arguments against d-bus - It's a mess. The protocol is variable-endianess for no reason , back in the very beginning the XML interface spec got significant criticism because introspection required punting and parsing XML. Personally I'd also point to mess of multiple identifiers - last time I tried to figure out details for third-party implementation, I got 3 different addresses per object, whereas sometimes I believe just a reference would suffice. Also, unlike its (probably closest) predecessor DCOP, it's very hard to use d-bus outside of writing a complex program. Systemd is a factor, but it started years before. D-Bus is "desktop bus", and was rather obviously designed to be the interconnect between applications on the desktop. It seems to me to be preciously rare in its original goal of "COM-like" interop on desktop. Then it got started to be used for system daemons. HAL was somewhat reasonable if problematic. PolicyKit and ConsoleKit ... not so much. Those two laid foundations for badly described but "crucial" APIs provided by logind and systemd that were forced down everyone's throat later on. Now that I think of it, NetworkManager taking years to being configurable without gnome panel might have a hand in it too (and cast a shadow on D-Bus due to NM developer arrogance in the past). So, generally, a bit of technology, a containership of politics. very tightly integrated with Irix and SGI MIPS hardware, from my understanding. A bit like IRIS GL never getting open sourced, because it wouldn't be of much use without matching hardware exposed over /dev/GL interface. The bit with `ping 0` is sadly unexplored, as the nature of "any host in network" and "any host in any network" addresses are sadly unmentioned these days. Then come the joys of debugging someone's configuration because a tutorial told them to "connect to 0.0.0.0" instead of localhost... There's already GCP Filestore. Ahhh, sweet naivety. The people who end up calling support often aren't the ones paying the bill, for starters. That's definitely the case for Bluejeans and Zoom. It also doesn't matter if you make a great FAQ page. Majority of dissatisfied people will never see it. Majorly because they won't call support but instead complain and grumble locally, the second biggest portion because once sent towards FAQ by support.... They won't follow it. Only the tiny sliver of most dedicated will follow up long enough to reach the FAQ. 0.0.0.0 is a valid address. You also have a route for 0.0.0.0/0, usually called "default" :) Just not valid for a host, as it is a network address where "network" is specified as the whole internet . It's how you create services listening to connections from any address - technically you can setup a listening socket waiting for connections only from specific network, but I haven't tested it. It's also why minimal compliant IPv4 network has 4 IP addresses: the network address, host 1, host 2, broadcast. There's an unratified RFC for allowing only host 1 and host 2, but I believe it works only on some combinations of gear/software. Then of course you get systems accepting broken setups, like 192.168.0.0 host address with /24 or /16 netmask. However, 192.168.1.0/23 is a valid address a host can have. Tolerance needs to go both ways. When the other side's core belief do not allow for "live and let live", there's no space for tolerating them. Depends on country, but even then I think "limited trust" is the approach expected from drivers. If you use a phone with a Qualcomm modem you use one such system, based on OKL4 (or at least they used to use OKL4 + L4 Linux for non hard RT parts) I suspect we might be using different meanings of multi-server microkernel OS, unless the modem software is even more limited than I thought - I meant that the system is composed of multiple communicating servers. Does the modem just have few independent colocated "big" servers (like the ancient 4.2 BSD server for Mach)? EDIT: Also, had some fun in the past learning about the modem software on Qualcomm modems, back before iPhone or Android so nice to meet someone who worked on it :) So, some software actually parses 0/8 as localhost? This explains so many broken tutorials.. The old "For Dummies" books were very respectful if used self-deprecating humour on authors side often. The polish term used to translate "For Dummies" was a bit better IMO, though not exactly translateable. In my experience GCP, GCP , not Google , customer support had been pretty great. We don't pay too much, in fact I'm not sure we would rate any support from AWS given our spend - or at least it's not something visible to me. EDIT: Found AWS page about support. Was definitely harder to find than GCP's... In practice from my work, I've seen mostly cases of AWS being chosen because of "AWS=Cloud" mentality, and Azure because "we're MS shop". TBQH, the latter is bolstered by MS doing a really great push for developer tools, integrations, etc, even if actually using Azure is at times like eating broken glass. The problem is, that at least in my experience chrome never does that. Which is why I recently had only 5g "available" (not free), and it was all swap, because Chrome had been a degenerate example of resource mismanagement on all of my computers since it was first released. I have yet to see Chrome free memory in way other than murdering the render process myself or closing the tabs and hoping it wasn't a shared process one, at least on Linux. Intel had been considered to get insane premiums on their chips for a long, long time... They consider the Windows + .NET stack to have saved them more money than they pay in licensing et al. At the time, major "web development" stacks that people would have thought of on Linux tended to be much more resource hungry (still are), meanwhile the people behind StackOverflow had very good .NET skills that they could apply immediately. This translated into being able to serve more people per server than if they used, let's say, PHP, Ruby, Python, etc. And as people said, SQL Server. Which is a very, very capable database server with impressive performance. Even then, AFAIK you weren't "told" what kind of career you were getting, but at times people would get assignments they could take for a job in their field? When I was 8-9 year old, I wanted to become aeronautical engineer and in university to get "MSci-Engineer in Aerodynamics". People change a lot since that age ;) I really like those "no reversing" clauses. Because they are worth less than the bits used to write them in Poland - only the "distribute derivative works" would be enforceable because that would be blatant copyright violation last time I checked, AOT is heavily used, and if you load your assemblies into GAC you're getting AOT compilation for pretty much all code if you're not going to generate bytecode at runtime. PHP performance is still a pig, which is pasted over by various caching behaviours (for example in OS). I have to deal with making HA for a PHP site whose design precludes keeping read-only copies of PHP code, and have to load them form NFS... let's just say that even with php.ini tweaks it involves pretty much constant reads of code.