Stupid requirement that does nothing but discourage the use of other related MS services --- the ones MS actually earns money from. Your vote don't matter --- in half the cases. Half the states are already decided with near certainty. California is voting for the Democratice candidate, South Carolina is voting for the Republican. If you vote for or against the pre-determined candidates in these "one party" states --- your vote don't matter. The only case where your vote might matter is in a swing state. The really amazing (and illogical) thing would be if more than 50% voted. I'm not arguing against all voting. Just pointing why it doesn't matter in a lot of cases. In the cases where it does matter, vote. Google killed Mozilla --- by lulling them to sleep with the promise of easy money --- all while they worked hard to position themselves to take over their market share. Now the easy money is history, and so is their market. They're both "magic fairy dust". Melding code and data into an "object" is a natural thing to do --- in some cases. In others, it creates more problems than it solves. Similar holds true for functional programming. Bottom line --- there is no universal "right way" to develop software. LOL! Did the AI hire a patent attorney to file the application? Maybe the AI would like to sue the patent office to overturn this decision? What was that? Don't be absurd? My point exactly! Open source is only free if your time has no value. Just use Brave. It is more widely compatible with similar if not better privacy. ...if a person's skill can be validated... Just as important as skill is productivity. And both are more difficult to access remotely. Credentials have limited substance in the US labor market. In India they have even less --- in my experience. There is no way to sugar coat this --- India has a credibility deficit in my opinion which translates into additional management oversight required. Because at this stage of the game, "artificial intelligence" is still an oxymoron . It's really just a database developed through trial and error (aka "training") that we "hope" contains enough differentiating data points to produce a reasonable, weighted "best guess". I really think your approach is kinda inside out. The real question is, what are companies in India willing to do to gain credibility? Assembling a "warm body shop" doesn't add much. Pick a problem space to specialize in, assemble a competent team and develop an open source app for it. Then use this as "proof of work" for marketing purposes. You undoubtedly know Indian culture better than me --- what do you think is the most likely response to this sort of selection process? No one understands Indian culture better than Indians. I'm sure the marketplace will reward you with all that you earn and deserve. Best of luck and we'll see you out there. "Open source" is primarily a coding phenomenon. But an operating system is about more than just code. It is the central component of a computing ecosystem. And producing a viable, productive ecosystem requires much more than just open source code. It requires design, implementation, incentive and marketing. If code was all that was needed, Linux distros should be dominate by now. Instead, after 30 years of effort by some of the best and brightest and billions of lines of code later and the result is --- a big yawn from the general computing public. But, but, but Android. Well, Android isn't totally "open source" now is it? Key pieces of the ecosystem are not really "open" at all. And these key nuggets capture the incentive that propels the design, implementation and marketing forward. Bottom line --- it takes more than an engine to produce a best selling car. And likewise, it takes more than charity, good intentions, free labor and open source to produce a truly viable and popular operating system. My answer should be obvious. They are using what they feel best addresses their overall needs. And like the general computing public, their needs extend beyond the availability of source code. Haiku looks like an interesting project. I like the concept and the consistent design, but ... it is still missing one critical feature ... a viable business model. Linux is an example of what to expect without this critical piece. Decades of manhours from some of the best and brightest, millions of lines of code ... and a miniscule marketshare on the desktop. Yes, I know. Linux is most successful where only a shell interface is required. But this is not what Haiku is about. Haiku lacks a lot of features the Linux kernel has, but the overall system architecture and design is significantly cleaner and less fundamentally fragile. Yes, absolutely, spot on. But an OS does not exist on it's own. I'm afraid it will all be for naught unless you (or someone) has a viable business model to push the surrounding ecosystem forward. Dedicated, embedded, custom made, single purpose GUIs where the OS is buried so deep that most users will never find it. Again, not what Haiku is about. Small but still significantly more popular and vibrant on the desktop than Linux --- due to it's business model. It doesn't need one --- as long as it only aspires to be another hobbyist OS with a miniscule desktop user base. Linux was a starting point --- that it's gone well beyond, Please stop moving goalposts. I think we need to re-examine the playing field here. Correct me if I'm wrong but Haiku appears aimed strictly at the desktop as a general purpose OS. Cellphones, servers and embedded systems are all out of it's league --- and thus the success of Linux in these areas is not really relevant to the topic at hand. ...AFAIK would be more than 30M users. I would presume these are more technical users --- with a strong preference for open source. Does this sound like who your product is for? It is all about identifying your target market/audience. I thought DuckDuckGo was the working antidote to Google. It's hard to imagine what they can provide that will justify $10 a month. Just say "no" to Apple --- as most people already do. They have their captives, fans and "subscribers" but for most, their approach is a non-starter and has been for at least the last decade. I would simply call it deflecting responsibility. The question is too vague for a specific answer. For starters, how much do have to spend? 1) It's less likely to be abandoned. Flawed assumption. A $10 monthly fee may severely limit it's use --- and the less it is used, the more likely it is to be abandoned. Personally, I think a $10 annual fee would be more reasonable but finding the magic sweetspot between users and dollars is a market research topic. It's simply not realistic to expect highly accurate facial recognition from public surveillance cameras. Resolution is often lacking, angles are distorted, illumination is poor, people are moving, features are hidden or blurred, people wear hats, etc., etc.. Mug shots, maybe. Frame grabs from public surveillance, not very likely. So you want to grow a community of software developers? Or a community of software users? A "community" needs a place to congregate and communicate --- like Hacker News --- which you have obviously already discovered. Build a web site to host and dispense your content and post links to it here. There aren't many web sites tbat allow you to do this as freely and openly as here. Or you could build your own alternative. Take a look at dev.lemmy.ml Really, this all boils down to the age-old question of "buy versus build". The only way to completely control every aspect of your computing ecosystem is to build your own. Open source offers a convenient starting point but there is still a lot of work to be done to produce and maintain a fully comparable, equally integrated ecosystem. In other words, cost and compatibility are the typical sticking points to rolling your own. Do the benefits justify the expense? This is the ultimate value judgment to be answered. If nothing less than full control is acceptable, the answer should be obvious. The GPL is a system of perfect logic built on the foundation of a few flawed assumptions. Flawed assumption #1: Others will or can be compelled to share their code. Flawed assumption #2: Software is more or less independent of hardware. China has no real interest in sharing with the west and there is no legal system to compel them to do so. Software is a lot easier to produce than hardware. This gives hardware vendors (i.e. China) the upper hand in controlling the marketplace. For an example, see Android. Have you ever tried to replace or update the software on your phone without the hardware vendors input? It's not easy because the hardware vendor has control and no interest in allowing it. And they could easily make it all but impossible if it suited them. In other words, open source system software exists mostly to the extent that hardware vendors choose to allow it. Just because the PC platform has traditionally been fairly "open" doesn't mean it will always continue. In the history of computing, this is actually more of an aberration. If China decided to sell low cost closed hardware boxes with some proprietary variant of Linux, there isn't much Open Source could do about it --- which is exactly what we have here. "Why the ads" is not relevant enough to justify spending my time trying to figure it out. Just block ads and tracking in general and Google in particular. If DuckDuckGo can operate successfully without tracking, Google and their cling-ons can too. Figuring out how and why --- that's their problem, not mine. Google is mainly an annoyance, kind of like a parasite. If Google shut down tomorrow, any significant loss of functionality could be easily overcome by the end of the day for most people. The fingerprint is a hash of the visitors IP, User-Agent and a salt. So the fingerprint is not unique for vistors from a corporate network behind a NAT router where multiple individuals share the same public IP and use the same corporate mandated browser. In these cases, it's back to cookies --- unless you don't really care if your analytics are faulty or not. Or maybe just stick with cookies since it works in almost every case. It is difficult to build/create something you don't understand. A computer is just a playback machine for binary logic. We know that "intelligence" can create binary logic. We don't know if binary logic can create "intelligence". Claims that it is possible are really more "religious" than scientific at this point. All purely binary logic. It can't be anything more --- this is all the hardware understands. Life in general and your brain in particular may very well be more than "just chemistry". We really don't know. What we do know at this point is that no amount of "just chemistry" has ever managed to create even the most rudimentary form of "life" from inert chemicals. And the only working models we have for "intelligence" at this point are inextricably bound to life. Someone won an award for mathematically proving that a simple general purpose computer could be built from a handful of color coded wooden switches powered by a hand crank and programmed by punched tape. This simple analog device could run any possible binary logic program that could ever be created --- albeit much slower than a modern digital computer. In other words, this rudimentary analog logic playback device is every bit as "smart" as any other binary logic computer will ever be --- which is to say, not at all. There is quite a bit of evidence that your brain is analog, not digital. There is lots of evidence that it is both chemical and electrical in nature And while it is capable of logic, it does not rely strictly on any specific form of logic. In other words, the only working models we have for "intelligence" are nothing like the silicon binary switches we are attempting to use to replicate it. Are you suggesting life is supernaturally sustained? No. I am simply suggesting that creating life (and intelligence) from inert materals may involve more than "just chemistry". In the same way that lead can not be turned into gold by "just chemistry". I welcome knowledge and proof to the contrary but thus far, there is none. Nice straw man. A computer is not just a playback machine like a mechanical loom. What is it then? Magic? The fact that you don't understand how it works doesn't make it magical. Every program ever written for your desktop computer was ultimately "compiled" into a long series of simple binary logic operations that your computer blindly repeats at very high speed. For every set of inputs, it recreates the same output --- kinda like a loom mechanically weaves a particular pattern at high speed once it has been "programmed" using a set of punch cards not unlike those once used to program computers. No. It is not necessarily a claim that it can't be crossed, it is a claim that we currently lack the knowledge and resources needed to cross it. We haven't figured out how to travel faster than the speed of light. That doesn't necessarily mean it can't be done. But we currently lack the knowledge and resources needed to do it. Stating that it has yet to be done is a fact --- and facts are not ignorance What sort of discovery would count as "proof" to you? The ultimate proof is actually doing it. Start with nothing but inert materials and produce a new, unique form of living organism using "just chemistry". I'm not saying it can't be done, I am saying that thus far, it hasn't been done. And the reason it hasn't been done might be because "just chemistry" is an overly simplistic description of what is needed to actually achieve it. But feel free to prove me wrong. The only deeper point is that labeling it "just chemistry" may be a gross over simplification of what is required to actually achieve it. Dynamic = Binary Logic By it's nature, binary logic is "dynamic". A computer is just a playback machine for binary logic. Stating that it is "just chemistry" has no implications on whether it can be done, which was the claim being made. The fact that it has not been done with "just chemistry" is no proof but it does tend to skew the probabilities toward the view that substantially more may be required. What a gaudy abomination! A big part of it's functionality appears to be distracting the driver --- and impressing the boomers next door. Take most of the screen away, leave the bare essentials needed to successfully and safely operate the vehicle --- and then if you have additional pertinent info for the driver, convey it audibly or verbally. Just my opinion. In general, the value of any certification is inversely proportional to how many are awarded. If they are easy to get and lots of people have one (think liberal arts diploma), they're not worth much. For comparison purposes, you might look at other similar proprietary technical certifications that have been in the marketplace longer --- for example, RHCE or MCSE (now defunct). So he's going to build a big, beautiful firewall --- and let me guess, China is going to pay for it? Maybe the reason Trump hates China so much is envy. The mere fact that you have to ask this question suggests that an LLC is probably what you should be looking at. A C Corp is a fully standalone legal entity, seperate in every way from it's ownership. An LLC is a seperate entity primarily with regard to legal liability. Income for example, is still typically taxed as personal income of the owners. The real question is, can their stamp be trusted. From their privacy policy: We may also use cookies, device information and IP addresses, along with clear GIFs, cookies and third party services ... Sounds like just another privacy abusing data collector to me. Misuse of technology --- technology that actually detracts from usability. Provide essential info and control in the simplest possible manner. If you feel the need for additional gadgetry, use voice recognition and response --- something with minimal distraction from the essential task at hand. All "inc's" are not C-corps. I never said otherwise. I only addressed C corps because the question posed specifically asked about C corps --- not S corps. Yes, Python at the top is an instant loss of credibility. Meanwhile, China is investing so much that no one can even keep count. In short, science denial is based on emotion instead of facts. Most likely, because the only logical purpose of a "middle ground" is to create the illusion of financial backing that doesn't exist or can't be easily verified to exist. In other words, it's still a financial deception --- commonly known as a "scam". Attempting to sell part of a bridge that you may or may not own is still an illegal scam in most jurisdictions even though some may be "fine with it". Crypto investments are difficult to judge by the unsophisticated investor Correction: Crypto investments are impossible to judge by even the most sophisticated investor. The reason --- missing data, lack of transparency by unregulated exchanges. Highly dense storage is a nice goal but ultimately not very practical if the data can't be retrieved easily and quickly. The goods news, we have your data safely stored in a sugar cube. The bad news, it may take months to retrieve it. The first clue that you're going to have water problems are the steps leading down to your front door. You built a catch basin to live in. Second clue is it is made from concrete. Concrete by itself is not water tight. It can be made water tight but some significant effort is required. Just ask anyone who has ever built a basement. One of the virtues of living in a "cookie cutter" home that has been built hundreds of times --- most of the bugs have already been worked out. See the youtube example below. An underground home needs substantial strength to resist the weight of the soil all around it. Concrete is strong and cheap but porus --- not watertight. To make it water tight, you need a sealed membrane that extends all the way under the foundation. Otherwise, water/moisture will be seep up through the floor. Saturated soil surrounding your home will exhibit water pressure from gravity trying to force it into your home. The required moisture membrane is subject to being broken during construction or afterwards from settlement. Personally, if I was sold on the concept, I would look at the possibility of building up --- not down. Think of a tube open on the ends or a box open on one side but otherwise covered by a mound of soil. The foundation could rest on one big French drain system and this could be extended up the sides as well. This way, the force of gravity can pull water away from the home, not into it. Stupid question: Why does anyone really need this GPU? Does playing a video game in 8k make you a better player? Are your eyes sensitive enough to notice the difference over 4k or even 1080p? Is your reaction time fast enough to realise any advantage from ultra-high frame rate? Is your monitor even capable of keeping pace with an ultra-high frame rate? This looks like a replay of the desktop processor wars a few years ago. Does anyone really care anymore if your computer runs at 5ghz and doubles as a space heater? I've said all along, Linux on the desktop will happen once people don't care so much about the desktop. This day is almost upon us. To a lot of people, the web browser is the computer. Everything they do starts at google.com. What is likely to happen will be a lot like Linux on the phone --- Linux may be buried in there somewhere but most users won't recognize it --- or even care. If Android qualifies as a Linux victory, then a similar one may be on the way. Why is Google in the health care industry? For the same reason they are in any industry --- to invade privacy and sell advertising. Do you really want your health issues following you where ever you go on the internet? As usual, the hardware is way ahead of software. I would be very surprised if the same didn't apply to tech jobs in general, regardless of gender. In my experience, the half life of a STEM career is about 10 years. After 10 years, half the graduates are no longer doing STEM. Another 10 years and the numbers are cut in half again. The problem in the USA is not a lack of graduates; it is the retention of graduates --- attrition, by choice or otherwise. I would like to see a survey on the percentage of citizen employees over the age of 40 in tech jobs versus other fields. Speaking from personal experience, probably one of the most common things I saw were people starting their own businesses. A friend quit engineering to build high end custom furniture and has done quite well at it. Another started a landscaping company. He makes more money working fewer hours than he ever did in engineering. He now has about 10 crews that do the actual work. He just handles problems, makes sure equipment is repaired/working and everyone gets paid on time. My opinion, the problem is a cultural thing with US business. Engineering is viewed as a cost to be controlled; sales is viewed as a profit center to be nurtured. The explanation I heard over and over again was, "No one gets paid until something gets sold". My response was, "Nothing gets sold until something gets built". One is just as valid as the other but lots of America companies spend as much or more on sales and marketing than engineering --- and the results usually speak for themselves. If you're an end user --- don't buy Apple. If you're a developer --- don't build for Apple. Problem solved. So the solution to covert racial segregation is overt racial segregation? Who knew life was this simple? I understand the stated objective but the focus and tactics look a little short sighted and self limiting. This sort of specific social targeting generally leads me to start to question motives. How about just a bank that pledges to treat everyone fairly and equally ---regardless of race? It's possible to do all the same things and achieve all same goals (and maybe even more) without the strict racial focus. So why this route? Is there some objective here that I don't see; something left undisclosed? The missing piece; judging from the photos --- the suspension. Sure, a skate board will work --- if you don't mind bone jarring and teeth rattling. But I doubt most people will find that acceptable. There is nothing really new here for the auto industry --- they have been using multi-vehicle unibody for years. The Mount Everest of evolutionary biology is to create life from inert chemicals. Science assumes it's possible but has yet to prove it can be done. This may be a significant step in that direction. Nope. You could have evolved from microbes that arrived on an asteroid. Until someone actually does it --- creates life from inert chemicals, it remains an unproven assumption. Impractical temperature or impractical pressure Pick one. In a few decades, I'll probably be more enthused. Asking for government support is really an admission of failure. It is an admission that the open source concept cannot survive on it's own merit in the marketplace. It is asking government to pick winners and losers by way of funding, instead of the marketplace. What could possibly go wrong? Everyone knows that government lives on the cutting edge of technology and will always respond instantly to the open source community --- rather than say corporate donors and lobbyists. They would never demand things be steered in their direction. As they say, be careful what you wish for --- you just might get it. Good analogy. Both are dependent on low level sub-atomic physics. Yes, absolutely correct. If the marketplace controlled the interstate highway system, every on and off ramp would have a toll booth --- not to mention that the roadways would likely receive minimum upkeep. Some things are simply unworkable under the "free market" and transportation is one of these --- but software is not. COVID-19 is a national emergency, open source is not. Vaccines easily survive on their own merit in the marketplace. Government funding is being used to speed up the process and insure redundancy in case of failure. ARPANET is another questionable comparison. A world wide, failure proof network had never been done at the time so the military subsidized the basic research and development. Once the basic R&D was done, the funding ended. I would be inclined to support new, innovative R&D but I am not willing to pay taxes simply to clone existing commercial software. So back in 1990 and 1995, they compared GNU utilities to commercial utilities? And this is the proof that "free software" is more reliable??? Is it also proof that "free software" is several decades behind? Mozilla is a Google subsidiary whose job is to support and perpetuate the illusion of competition. In other words, silicon based binary logic playback devices will never be anything more than inanimate tools. Mozilla is a Google subsidiary whose job is to support and perpetuate the illusion of competition. Mozilla privacy policy is a lot like Google's --- sufficiently vague and opaque to allow them to violate user privacy whenever it's convenient. Don't buy Apple, don't build for Apple. Problem solved. I know it is hard to believe but the solution really is just this simple. There is no one "best" way to program. This is the pipeline of talent that companies need, right now. Why is there this persistent and well publicized need and effort to suck "kids" into this pipeline of well paying jobs? Maybe the answer lies on the other end of the pipe? Could it be because large numbers of these "careers" don't last beyond middle age for a multitude of reasons? Could this persistent shortage all be due to the less publicized fact that companies use up, burn out and dispose of STEM workers at an exceedingly high rate? Could it be that the career trajectory for STEM often resembles that of professional baseball with only a tiny fraction of the payout? Could it be that the realistic, overall perspective on these high paying "careers" isn't all rainbows and unicorns? I think the writing is on the wall for completely djfferent reasons: 1-Lack of funding and development progress. After 24 years, they're still not even close to version 1.0. 2-Microsoft is working toward Windows being freely available (zero cost). This dampens the motivation for an open source alternative. 3-Drivers for the latest hardware will always be an issue due to #1 above. Old code? Do you need to run 16 bit code under Win64? There are solutions for this. Here are a couple: https://github.com/otya128/winevdm https://www.dosbox.com/information.php?page=0 Are they? Yes. You can download, install and use Windows 10 for free (zero cost) from Microsoft's web site. The only issue is you can't customize the user interface and there is a watermark telling you to "Activate Windows" Why would they give that up? Competition from "free software". And because the "huge advantage" you speak of is non-existent. Azure has more Linux instances running than Windows. OS licensing to individual users is no longer a significant profit source. I don't see that happening anytime soon... Today, you can download, install and use Win10 for free (zero cost) from Microsoft's web site. https://beebom.com/get-windows-10-key-free-cheap/ They can make it infeasible to compete whenever they feel threatened. The alternative is Linux instances --- which Azure also provides. In fact, as I said, Linux instances outnumber Windows instances on Azure. If they have a huge advantage, the numbers don't show it. Amazon Web Services claims to host 57% of all Windows instances in the cloud. ....getting that they're working towards making in free? Win10X The biggest reason people don't vote in national elections in the USA --- in many cases, it is a senseless exercise with zero impact on the outcome. Example: A Republican vote in a heavily Democratic state will have zero impact on the outcome --- and vice versa. It is only in a handful of "swing" states where your vote is likely to have any real impact. South Carolina is voting Republican, California is voting Democratic. I'm not psychic, just realistic. The outcome is not in doubt. Vote or not, the results will be the same. So the biggest privacy invader on the planet has launched a VPN --- to make your browing more private??? I can't decide whether to laugh or cry. Great idea --- but severely lacking in one crucial area --- manufacturing. And everyone can see this at a glance. The only way this will have any significant impact over the long run is by teaming up with a competent, modern hardware manufacturer. It takes more than software to make a great phone. The world's biggest privacy invader is offering a VPN --- for privacy??? ROTFLMAO Privacy --- by routing all your network traffic through Google's server??? Really? It's impossible to underestimate the stupidity of the herd. Moooow. Is this how Kim Peek does it? I don't think so. He probably doesn't even know how he does it --- it just happens instinctively. Did life on earth "evolve" from inorganic chemicals or did some essential components just drop from the sky. The common assumption is the former but until someone shows it is possible, it remains an unproven assumption. Either way, we are made from stardust. Not easier and here is why --- virtually everyone already has a bank account or credit card and is fairly familiar with the fiat money system. There is essentially no learning curve with Stripe. Not true with bitcoin. The article was just showing how easy it is for a merchant to accept Bitcoin payments. It may be easy to accept but for most merchants bitcoin is still just too risky. Merchants are in business to make money. They are not inclined to watch their funds evaporate due to the whims of the bitcoin "marketplace". I am writing this post on a Moto G3 play running e/os. The user interface is simplistic and kinda reminds me of iOS. I don't miss Google apps at all. First and foremost, Google is an advertising company. And this is reflected in everything they do. The idea that Google is a technology company --- is really just another marketing facade. Their technology is only as good as it has to be to further their advertising objectives. Any product they offer is subject to the whims of their advertising needs. All of which leads to the current state of affairs. You wouldn't expect "free" technology or data storage from a restaurant. And you shouldn't expect it from an ad company either. Any disappointment here is really a reflection of unrealistic expectations and naive acceptance of Google's marketing hype. Trump is such an idiot. There are lots of ways to make drilling and exploiting this wildlife area unprofitable. Little known secret --- there is very little "intelligence" in current AI. Supply and demand --- as always, a vicious circle. A big factor is age discrimination. Companies prefer to hire younger developers. This drastically decreases supply. Are salaries really that expensive once you factor in that the typical dev career is probably over by age 40? Accountants earn less but their career lasts a lifetime. So the biggest privacy invader on the planet is going to encrypt your messages for you? Really? Teaching your kid to code is this generation's version of teaching your kid to type. If you can type 40 words per minute, you can always find a job --- that's what they said. Sure, there are devs over 40 --- there are always exceptions to every rule. 20 years ago, there were just as many young devs as there are today. I know because I was there. I also know that 20 years ago, there weren't very many (comparatively speaking) over the age of 40 --- just like today. Age discrimination in tech fields is not even debateable. Fraud. Crypto exchanges are not regulated which makes fraud not only possible but highly likely. https://cryptobriefing.com/tether-bitfinex-must-stand-trial-... Ignorance runs deep in America --- and coal country is no exception. Trump just took advantage of the situation --- making promises that people wanted to hear with no intent to deliver. The truth --- the times they are a changin' and no politician can stop it. What really killed the coal industry is fracking and cheap natural gas --- which by the way, Trump is also a big fan of. Less pollution and less cost --- sold! So which side of Trump's lying mouth sounds sweeter to your ignorant ears? Or are you ready for some truth now? Not yet --- but there is always hope. The fastest way to get me to not use a product is to plaster the name "Google" on it. Does anybody really like privacy invasion and advertising? This is baked into everything they do. Bitcoin is a fraud. It is totally ineffective as a currency --- for a long list of reasons. It's main utility is speculation. But this too is a fraud due to the fact that the speculation is managed, controlled and manipulated by unregulated exchanges which operate without oversight or transparency and with blatant and inherent conflicts of interest in some cases. The fact that bitcoin is a lousy currency is inherent in it's design. Transactions simply cannot be processed quickly or cheaply in large volumes. Don't take my word for it, look it up. The fact that crypto "exchanges" are unregulated black boxes is well known but feel free to look this up too. If fraud is easy, someone will do it. To wit, a case pending in Supreme Court of the State of NY. https://cryptobriefing.com/tether-bitfinex-must-stand-trial-... A chain is only as strong as the weakest link and in the bitcoin marketplace, the weakest link is what happens in these "exchanges". Not just my opinion but also that of the Attorney General for the state of NY. Is it self balancing or self defeating? Time will tell but the answer should already be obvious. Mining fees decrease over time and eventually disappear --- taking security with it. It is not only possible but also likely that at some point, the majority of remaining miners will be controlled by one entity. The worst case scenario for "investment" is if government doesn't do anything but ignore bitcoin and allow it to fail under it's own weight --- taking your "investment" with it. Ponzi schemes are built on misplaced and misguided trust and designed to benefit early investors at the expense of those who follow. Your simple minded strategy virtually guarantees that you will be a follower. The problem I see is the assumption of a uniform distribution. The problem spaces I normally deal with involve clumps of data, not really uniform except within each clump. It's often possible to do "better" by tuning something toward the data set. Finding something that is always better is hard. One thing I have done is a double binary search. Store prefixes and suffixes seperately. A binary search of the prefixes identifies the suffix clump to search with a binary search. This involves a slight increase in storage --- each prefix needs a suffix pointer. But maybe I will now try an interpolation search on the suffixes. LOL! The concept of "fail" clearly eludes you. When it is discovered that Chinese interests have assumed functional control of bitcoin mining and are using it to perpetrate widespread fraud, all bitcoin trading and contracts will be frozen. Just one possible failure scenario. It will be impossible to extract anything from the "marketplace" because it will evaporate back into the ether from which it sprang. Your "faith" in bitcoin is based on an unfounded assumption --- that crypto "exchanges" are financially stable, reputable and trustworthy institutions similar to the regulated securities markets. They are none of the above in my judgement. They regularly engage in what would be considered illegal fraud in more reputable markets. And they are fully prepared to fold up shop and disappear in an instant if need be. "I see no reason for [Ponzi scheme] to stop growing" --- said everyone who has ever invested in a Ponzi scheme. LOL! It's the proverbial goose that lays golden eggs --- with a modern AI twist. If you really had such a creature, why would you tell others about it? If Donald Trump really had a secret way to get rich in real estate, would he sell it to you --- or use it himself? This only proves that millennials like technology ... but they don't really understand it ... or markets. China controls over 60% of bitcoin mining. Effectively, they own the bitcoin network and can assume authoritarian control over it at any time they choose to do so. Also, the crypto "exchanges" are opaque, unregulated black boxes --- nothing like the regulated stock and currency markets. In effect, this makes fraud and manipulation not only easy but likely. https://cryptobriefing.com/tether-bitfinex-must-stand-trial-... Why should I learn blockchain? What real world problem have you solved using blockchain that can't be done easier/cheaper/faster using a more conventional data store? Isn't private blockchain really an oxymoron? And a public blockchain really needs some method of funding/reimbursement --- like cryptocurrency. Otherwise, why would a "community" devote resources to the overhead of a blockchain? Without significant "community" resources and commitment, a blockchain can lack trust and thus start to wither and die. In other words, aren't the "social engineering" aspects of a practical blockchain just as significant (if not more so) than the technical ones? Aside from a few niche areas like cryptocurrency, isn't blockchain really a solution in search of a problem? Fuchsia is an open source effort to create a production-grade operating system that prioritizes security, updatability, and performance. Notice that privacy is not one of the priorities. The odd thing about privacy.com is that in order to use it, you have to surrender all privacy. You are required to provide them full access to your bank account. Yes. When they decided to give you the printer but sell the ink for $1000 per gallon. This is what happens when you let accountants make business decisions. I'm sure it looked like a real golden opportunity at the time. But what it actually did was kill the home printer business --- or at least most of it. Now, most home printers aren't worth having. Just a wild guess on my part --- but I doubt she understands that 60% of bitcoin mining takes place in China. Just one of a number of things about bitcoin that I doubt she really understands. I don't think she should be teaching anyone about bitcoin. Nice simple forwarding service. I need something slightly more complex --- I want store and forward/routing/hub mailbox with API control. I need API access to obtain sender and destination address of mailbox item and then decide how to dispense with it, either delete, retrieve or forward to a different destination. "Destination" may involve dozens of addresses. Reply address may be changed. To minimize storage and costs, any item over 24 hours old can be deleted. I want to integrate email management and routing services as part of my client service package. My clients have a lot of hourly employees that they need to communicate with but for privacy reasons, they don't necessarily want to use a corporate or private email address. For example, a manager may want to use his private phone to send an email to a group of employees. Any replies would be routed to his secretary at the office --- with all addresses remaining semi-anonymous. My software will handle all this with the help of your service. I currently have several hundred clients with a total of over 20,000 employees. In other words, this all strictly opt in --- no marketing. Will do. I could probably do it with mailgun but there would be a lot of unnecessary data tranfer. In many cases, I don't really care about what is in the body of the email, I just want to re-address and re-direct. I can get the info I need to do this from just the address headers. Translation: Phasing out 3rd party cookies the right thing to do for Google. In other words, Google is securely implanted in the industry and any "3rd party" tracking needs to be done through their "services". Bitcoin is totally ineffective as a real world currency. By design, the max transaction rate is about 7 per second. Visa says their transaction rate is better than 60000 per second. Fiat currency is going to be around for while. The only thing bitcoin is really effective at is speculation and manipulation by unregulated exchanges. For the rest of the world , the bitcoin economy may become a weapon to dethrone the dollar Hundreds of thousands of transactions in US dollars occur all around the world every second of every day. Bitcoin can't even handle the currency transaction needs of a large shopping mall. The bitcoin blockchain is limited to about 7 transactions a second. A cryptocurrency of some sort may eventually become a threat to the US dollar but bitcoin is clearly not it. The important bit is that bitcoin is not technically capable of being a threat to the US dollar or any other major currency. As currency for use in real world transactions, bitcoin is a huge step backwards. In a shopping mall scenario, most people would already have open channels with their favorite stores, similar to how store credit cards work today. I don't have any "store credit cards". Too cumbersome --- and so are "open channels". Nice try but this will likely be self defeating. Fewer people willing to work as waiters and a decline in the quality of service equates to fewer customers and less profit. My biggest concern is the fact that "exchanges" are completely unregulated. Crypto fans operate under the assumption that these marketmakers are stable, honest and trustworthy --- like the regulated stock and currency markets. This is not assured in any way --- and neither is the assumption that Tether is backed by dollars. Tether is just one example of how "exchanges" can easily manipulate the market and traders they pretend to serve. Just one of many ways to lose your investment in crypto. The company is called "apple", not "fruit". The only thing that gives the right to oppose "fruit" is their financial ability to hire more lawyers. Bitcoin is crypto version 1.0. Don't ever buy version 1.0 unless you want to be a beta tester. The very laws of physics imply that artificial intelligence must be possible. Einsteinian Physics or Quantum Physics? Maybe the problem with trying to create "intelligence" is that we don't really understand the physics that makes "intelligence" work. At this point, we're really just intelligence "alchemists" --- we keep putting binary logic in and just hoping that by pure dumb luck something will pop out and surprise us. Thus far, it hasn't. The primary overriding misconception about Bitcoin: "Unregulated crypto exchanges are stable, trustworthy and honest --- just like regulated stock and currency markets". https://ag.ny.gov/press-release/2019/attorney-general-james-... Yes, I'm sure about this. Coming soon to a smartphone near you --- The Trump Channel. Streaming derangement and lies 24/7 --- all for only $19.99 a month. Only in America. Maybe Elon Musk should have a discussion with Jack Ma. https://e.foundation/ Google is a top 10 contributor to the Linux kernel. By your definition, Linux is not "entirely free of Google" either. e/OS removes any Google dependencies or contact with Google services. The objective being to eliminate any Google knowledge of, contact with or control over the operation of the device. This is about as "Google free" as it gets. This post was made using a Moto G4 Play running e/OS. Short answer --- for the same reason tulip bulbs had a lot of value back in the 1600's. I am definitely not a Google fan but this complaint is just a little absurd. They don't want Google to use their content. Fair enough, Google stops using their content. They complain again leaving one to conclude that what they really want is a cut of Google's revenue model --- amount to be set by them. Next stop, simply abandon the Australian market as unworkable --- which I'm sure will produce further complaints. At that point, perhaps Google can negotiate a payment to stay. I suggest half the amount of taxes Google currently pays in Australia --- payable to said content creators. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Visually slick but not particularly fast. Trump pardoning rioters would essentially seal the deal as far as his full ownership and responsibility for the insurrection He assembled and incited the crowd. Refused to take any action to stop them. Why not add pardoning them for their crimes --- just to remove any possible doubt as to who is the head of this seditious snake. This would undoubtedly figure prominently in his upcoming senate trial. If Google and Facebook don't like it, tbey can move operations offshore --- out of the country, More band-aids indictive of an inadequate desjgn. Wake me up when Bitcoin's primary function, utility and real world impact is something more practical and positive than speculation and energy consumption. If anything they need to be reigned in as they decimate foreign media. How does directing traffic to a media site "decimate" it? If such is detrimental, then Australian authorities should be happy to see it stop, no? They are not. https://news.trust.org/item/20210114053955-8glv8 It's decimating but they don't want it to stop? What?!? Basically, they just tipped their hand. This shows that what we really have here is a sad display of an attempted and targeted shakedown of foreign entities by Australian government. Media impact is the best justification they could derive -- or were somehow influenced to derive. By the way, I am no fan of either Scroogle or Facecrook. But the idea that they are collecting $ billions at the expense of Australian media content (aka Rupert Murdock) is absurd. If content theft was really the issue, existing laws could/would be applied to address it. It is a pile of good-enough solutions... The real problem is that the foundation of Bitcoin is not good enough to ever function as a practical, real world currency. And over a decade of development and use has produced little evidence to the contrary. Bitcoin's main function remains speculation. ... whether a country's media institutions can ask Facebook and Google to pay. They can ask --- and Google/Facebook can refuse --- by de-listing these "media institutions" from search results. Sound fair? But this is not what is happening here. Australia is making Google and Facebook a mafia style offer that they can't refuse. The only way to avoid paying is by leaving the country altogether. This is where it becomes a "free trade" issue. What they are proposing is essentially a tariff --- a unique, special, unavoidable and highly targeted tax on these particular US companies just to legally operate in the country. All this aside, what is really happening is Murdoch wants a cut of their profits without having to compete for it. Subject so-called "stable coins" to audits to verify that they are indeed fully backed as claimed. If this cannot be verified, it is effectively fraud and subject to prosecution. Do this and watch bitcoin freefall. The flow of Tether into Bitcoin generally correlates to the rise in price... Tether is being used to manipulate bitcoin up and down. https://ag.ny.gov/press-release/2019/attorney-general-james-... https://www.forbes.com/sites/robkniaz/2020/12/16/the-problem... Google and Facebook --- avoid whenever possible. Posted using a de-Googled Moto G4 Play running e/OS. Did these researchers review their financial records? I don't think so. If Tether is really backed as they claim, why not prove it to the AG of NY? Instead they delay and obscure as they mint tethers and inflate bitcoin. https://bitcoinwarrior.net/2021/01/deltecbank-reveals-huge-p... Can your narrative handle the fact that they are already backing away from the claim that Tether is 100% backed by USD? https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-04-30/tether-sa... There is little to no regulation in crypto. This makes fraud not only possible and easy but also highly probable. No, they haven't. And their offshore bank has already admitted that reserves are invested in bitcoin. https://crypto-telegraphs.com/2021/01/20/bitfinex-claims-its... https://www.fxstreet.com/cryptocurrencies/news/tether-awaits... Bitcoin pump and dump. 1) Slowly accumulate bitcoin. 2) Mint stable coins and "loan" them to certain big customers (i.e. players in this scheme). Note that the only "backing" of these coins is just a promise --- not USD. 3) Big customers/players use "loaned" stable coin to buy bitcoin --- thus inflating bitcoin price. 4) Small investors/speculators see rising bitcoin and jump in to buy inflating price even more. 5) All together now --- sell bitcoin at inflated prices. Profit! 6) Stop minting and "loaning" stable coins. Bitcoin drops. Naive small investors get screwed. 7) Repeat at step 1. What facilitates this scheme is people accept the fiction that the stable coin is 100% backed by USD. Doing this in any "regulated" market would subject you to a huge fine, prison time or both. I don't disagree. Google is synonymous with privacy invasion. The fastest way to convince me not to use a product is to put the word Google on it. What I do disagree with is the Australian approach. For instance, privacy is ignored. If I understand correctly, privacy issues are not addresses in any way, shape or form and would remain as-is under their proposal. So what we're left with looks more like a good old-fashioned, heavy handed, targeted, mafia style shakedown of a foreign company that would hand Rupert Murdock a slice of Google profits without him having to compete for it. This is not free trade or free enterprise and just begs for similar protectionist retaliation against Australian interests. Fair enough if they never plan to conduct commerce with foreign entities. Otherwise, they are just shooting themselves in the foot in the long run. Sounds like a great way to encourage similar retaliation against Australian exports. Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. What prevents an amoral entity from being evil? Lack of motivation perhaps? I guess the issue here is that it's the Australian government standing up for one American multinational against another American multinational. How thoughtful of them to take an interest /s. Murdock and company totally dominate Australian media. His roots and influence there are much deeper and more pervasive than in America. Risk analysis. In other words, lack of motivation. Google is a moral company, which does evil. I guess I'm just a little simplistic and old fashioned. Where I come from, doing evil makes you evil. Surprise! Your phone is really a tracking device. Google = Privacy invasion No surprise, just more of what they always do --- mind your business. Posted using a de-Googled Moto G4 Play running e/OS. Sorry, blockchain is still a solution in search of a real world problem. Stock trades happen in real time or as close to it as possible --- and at extremely high volumes at times. Any delay can cost someone a lot of money. No one wants to wait for a blockchain to try and reach a consensus. No one waits days to buy/sell stocks. Average execution time with the top brokers is a fraction of second. https://www.brokerage-review.com/investing-firm/broker-trade... Nowadays, the underlying instrument (i.e. a fancy piece of paper) rarely ever changes hands. It's possible to get it (with some delay) but most people don't bother. The digital/electronic record of the trade and the transfer of monetary funds between accounts is generally sufficient to establish ownership and both happen in near real time under SEC regulations between registered brokers. Basically, if the cross checked double entry accounts of buyer, seller and their brokers all agree that the trade took place, that is good enough for most folks and the SEC. Day traders can and often do buy and sell a stock multiple times in a day without delay. The fastest way to convince me not to use a product is to put a Google label on it. Posted using a de-Googled Moto G4 Play running e/OS. I have my phone set to dark mode. It is clearly the way god intended smart phones to work --- increased backlight and battery life. Unfortunately, god deviated from this plan once he heard the devil preferred dark. So being strictly anti-devil, he designed the rest of the universe around the production and detection of light, not dark. The human eyeball got caught up in this anti-pattern too. Investing in China is really a leap of faith. China does not play by western rules. It's not just another IPO. These investors gambled on an unusual situation beyond their control --- and lost. Apples and Oranges --- a good portion of MS cloud revenue is from hosting MS apps which AWS doesn't really compete in. Why buy it when you can clone it for free? Applecoin? Apparently, I'm not in the 30 cities that are accurate. Used Magic Earth on my phone which is based on OSM. The very first address I input was off by about a mile. Didn't exactly inspire a lot of confidence. Bitcoin is Crypto 1.0. There are better ways to do this. But people remain infatuated with Bitcoin. He keeps calling bitcoin a 'scam', without defining what entity is perpetrating this scam. A more appropriate question would be, "Who is not perpetrating the scam?" Crypto and the exchanges are unregulated --- which means that anyone and everyone can get in on the scam. Example of a bitcoin "pump and dump" scam. The pump --- "Famous wealthy entrepreneur" announces with much fanfare that he bought a large quantity of bitcoin. The dump --- "Famous wealthy entrepreneur" sells said large quantity of bitcoin after the price increases 20% in reaction to his announcement. I am not saying this scam is what happened. I am saying there is nothing currently in place to prevent this sort of scam from happening. Do this with any regulated security and "famous wealthy entrepreneur" would be in legal trouble. Instead, he is scamming naive crypto "investors" for fun and profit and daring the SEC to take action to stop it. A critical point missing from the article --- bitcoin and the "exchanges" which form the crypto marketplace are _ not regulated _ by government. This makes the crypto markets very fertile grounds for both sophisticated wholesale manipulation and simple scams that would never be tolerated in "regulated" security markets. One of the simplest and most popular scams is the "pump and dump". For example: The pump --- A famous, wealthy entrepreneur announces with much fanfare that he has just purchased a large quantity of bitcoin. This enourages naive "investors" to purchase too driving the price up 20%. The dump --- Famous wealthy entrepreneur then sells his large quantity of bitcoin and realizes a 20% gain. If famous wealthy entrepreneur did this in a "regulated" market, he would find himself in legal trouble. If you don't understand how these scams work, _ you _ are most likely one of the people being scammed. I guess the main point where we disagree is on the order of importance. Until you fully grasp the inherent risk in any _unregulated_ investment scheme, you really shouldn't get started with it. Public blockchains are massively multiclient, open state databases Only 2 small, little problems. 1) Who needs this --- other than cryptocurrency? 2) Who pays the operating cost --- other than cryptocurrency? Bottom line --- Blockchain is a solution tailored to a unique problem that only cryptocurrency has. The fact that IBM failed to grasp this before jumping on the bandwagon does nothing but further erode confidence in IBM. Have you considered investing in a few low cost adapters? Keyboard and mouse are low speed devices that have little to gain from moving to USB-2 or USB-C. I'm sure they will eventually but there is no urgent rush. Things like KVM switches tend to be low margin and target the lowest common/practical denominator in the marketplace. The manufacturers won't retool on a whim. How to create one super successful email client. - Support IMAP IDLE - Support all the major business platforms: Web, Windows, Mac, iOS, and Android. - Support email encryption on a one off basis as needed. Nothing fancy just encrypt the email with AES256. Don't worry I'll get the key to the reipient. Why this would be super successful. 1) It would eliminate instant messaging for most business use. 2) Consistency, simplicity and ease of support. 3) Contrary to popular opinion, 99 percent of business communication is not super secret stuff. It doesn't warrant the complexity of full time end to end encryption. But it is nice to bave it readily available for the 1 percent where it is really needed. And yes, I have used K9 personally and I will support it but it doesn't begin to meet my business needs. IDLE and NOTIFY kinda work together don`t they? In any case, all I really need is "instant" notification of new messages. Delta Chat has a lot of good stuff. What I need and what I think most businesses need is Delta Email instead of Delta Chat. Yes, and these are welcome improvements. Unfortunately, they only apply to Android with K9. K9 would be much more popular if businesses could simply tell employees, "Use K9 for mail" or even "Use K9 for mobile email". I think business doesn't actually want Email, it wants NNTP Or how about just an email client with better support for mailing lists? The SMTP protocol supports multiple recipients adequately enough --- it's the client software that could stand some improvement to make it easier to apply/use. Apple's inadequacy doesn't have to be universally applied. You only have to "file" a federal tax return once a year. What you are obligated to do is pay estimated taxes due at least quarterly. If you don't do this, you will have to pay a penalty when you "file" at the end of the year. But, since current interest rates are near zero, the penalty is usually small and the IRS will even figure it for you and left you know the amount you owe. My advice, forget the accountant, do your own taxes, pay everything due at that time (except the penalty) and let the IRS work the rest out and get back to you as they see fit. Sales tax is a different animal that varies based on where you live. I'm no fan of Google and Facebook. But I'm also no fan of this government attempt at extortion. Basically, this law singles out these two companies and requires them to enter into a binding contract at a rate set by others. This was a mafia style deal that government thought they couldn't refuse --- but I guess they were wrong. Say whattt??? The problem I see is --- Joe Public won't grok this. But it never stopped Bitcoin so who knows.