What are your thoughts on combining the programming subreddit and this site? I know I'm probably just bringing up an issue that has been beaten to death somewhere in a hideously long thread, but consciousness makes me think strong AI is impossible. This is my line of thought: 1. Consciousness is essential to human intelligence, because our great mental advances come from our awareness, and objective description, of our own mind and thought processes. 2. A consciousness is by definition irreplicable, since two different consciousnesses are essentially different. 3, If strong AI is possible (and computational), and there is no essential difference between copies of the same code, then multiple identical copies of the same IA mind can be made. 4. If 1 and 2 hold, then 3 is false. Therefore, strong AI is impossible. If any of these assumption need elaboration, let me know. And please, by all means, direct me to that hideously long thread instead of answering my argument in detail. I don't like to waste people's time. Much obliged. Cool, thanks for the reply. Well, if consciousness/free will an illusion, doesn't the notion of illusion require a consciousness to be having the illusion? And why does it make sense to say we have to act as if we can choose to act in order to act, if it's an illusion? Yeah, I know the arguments in the end tend to boil down to: we're just matter, therefore all intelligence is AI, QED. But, can we go the other way? AI is logically impossible, therefore we're not just matter. That's why I'm interested in the purely logical case for AI here. As for whether it is meaningful to say we aren't just matter, it seems so on the surface of things. Most of oure concepts that we use to communicate aren't material, especially if consciousness is an illusion. I.e. there is no such physical thing as 'red.' Yet, we still seem to communicate quite effectively, even better than when restricting ourselves to purely physical terms. At least in terms of thought experiments, it makes no sense to me. Think about it like this. If I can copy my consciousness and place it in a different environment, then I should be aware of that other environement at the same time I'm aware of this one. But for this to happen, information has to be transported from both locations to eachother in no time. While pretty awesome if true, the laws of physics don't allow for this, as far as I know. So if I said I was going to give you immortality by copying your consciousness, but you wouldn't be aware, wouldn't you feel gypped? I like what they do with microfinancing in india. Give someone a little bit of money to start a simple street business, i.e. food vendor, and only give him a bit more if needed to help his business run. The real problem is throwing money at problems without much thought. We westerners have done this way too much. Kids' creativity and problem solving abilities are significantly underestimated. It would be cool if scientist could record their research in a machine understandable format. Then people could either state their assumptions or conclusions and the computer would provide the other side, or state what information is missing. Oh, I know that scientist currently use computers to prove things. I mean as a general method of organizing and correlating knowledge that anyone could use. I've seen a similar project, an ontological Wikipedia, but it's probably too tedious for the general practitioner. Though I'd agree with his portrayal of 7 Habits. Reads kind of like those How To Get Rich books that are meant to get the author rich. Machiavelli seems to have gone through a lot of trouble just to write a satire. Hack hack hack? Hackity hacka hack. Hack hack hack! It's generally been said that sin pays of in the short term, while being very bad in the long term. I've started listening to my body more than the experts. After all, it has alot more experience than they do. Traditionally, man has two kinds of intellectual abilities: contemplative and practical. The only time the purely practical is best is when you aren't supposed to think critically. Hijack that google image labelling game idea and apply it to something like WoW. Basically, make an open platform that encodes computer AI hard problems humans can solve easily into a MMOPRG format. Generic combiner of web 2.0 apps. Not the same as a personalized homepage, e.g. google's homepage. The system would work with any web 2.0 app that provided an API, and would either give users an easy plug and play method of combining the apps to create something new, with easy app discovery; or use AI to resolve general goals. Basically, SOA on a global scale. autodidact - state the subject area you want to learn and it presents the best resources for learning the subject. Someone has to make sure the hackers aren't hacking things up. (Btw, how about a couple synonyms for 'hacker?') Isn't yahoo pipes just rss feeds? The google game was kind of fun. Another unoriginal example would be using RTS games for real wargaming. I haven't come up with a good characterization for the general case though. As #4 lite, it'd be cool to have a subreddit here for people to submit ideas. Then all us slackers can feel useful, and maybe make some money. I think the more important thing is depth and rigor. To have truly original ideas, we need to understand the underpinnings of our current civilization. Otherwise, many 'innovations' are merely going back down the path we came from. I had an undergrad education like this. We went through the main books of the Western canon, and instead of being lectured at all the time, most of what we did was creative and rigorously scholarly. We'd read a couple classics a week, with a couple class debates/discussions concerning the works. Then, we'd have to write a thesis every semester. Finally, we were highly encouraged to do important extra-curricular activities such as acting or music. Probably one of the best educations you can get in the US. What, you sleep and eat or something? Psshh, mere mortal. Here's a similar question I asked in proggit: http://programming.reddit.com/goto?id=23yo7 No, it was at Biola University (private Christian college) with the Torrey Honors Institute. Probably not quite up to par with St John's and the other one (Thomas Aquinas?), since THI only started about 10 or so years ago. Yeah, I third the Master and Commander series. Besides extraordinary historical detail, his characters show a deep understanding of the human personality (at least to a socially inept geek). That being said, I'm only on my second one so far. Is freakonomics pretty credible? It seemed intriguing, but also smelt a bit of marketing obvious ideas when I flipped through it in the store. Being a programmer, you've probably felt the appeal of Platonism, so I'd recommend a couple of his dialogues: Phaedrus, Symposium, and the Republic (in order of length, short to long, since they are pretty dense). I'd also recommend reading the Republic last, so you can get over the misconceptions you were probably taught in high school. Allan Bloom's Closing of the American Mind is also very enlightening for a) understanding the goals of the enlightenment, and b) understanding the current state of our culture. Along a more specific line, what are the best books for understanding the business world? That's pretty cool. Do you know whether it's been effective? We were segregated in the sense that THI took the place of GE. Otherwise, we were even more involved in campus life, representatively, than the normal students. Plus, we all had normal majors. Yeah, I thought it was an incredible experience, much more interesting and fun than any schooling I'd received before. The professors worked hard to encourage the students to take ownership of their education. In a way, the fact that it is a young program works in its favor, since it hasn't been encrusted by tedious layers of administrative BS. My main criticism is of myself, that I did not take the initiative more and was not brave enough during discussions. oh right, duh Yeah, nothing matters besides me and this life. Which is why people sin. Really? Pride, sloth, envy, wrath, lust, etc. all seem to cause more trouble for the person who can't control them. How do they maximize long term gain, or are you thinking of something else? Check out scriptoriumdaily.com for the tutors' blog. Before Plato and Heraclitus, Greeks thought reality was essentially chaotic and impossible to understand. You can see this in their creation myths. Heraclitus originated the idea of the Logos, a pattern underlying everything, and Plato built on this. Before Plato and Heraclitus, Greeks thought reality was essentially chaotic and impossible to understand. You can see this in their creation myths. Heraclitus originated the idea of the Logos, a pattern underlying everything, and Plato built on this. Articles like Steve's happen when people don't know their history of philosophy or science. Search for logos here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heraclitus The thing about philosophy is that it ultimately questions everything and is the gateway to every new realm of knowledge. Useless philosophy is just stagnant thinking that has given up on truth. Ah right. However, this has a bad long term effect for the market as a whole. Just look at what such thinking has done to our culture as it is. What is the education method, or is it proprietary? Crock pot + tortellini + spaghetti sauce + meat A classical education instead of GE: intense reading of the classics, 6-9 hours of intense discussion/debate with your peers, & a thesis every semester. The comment/submit buttons needs to be hidden in the source, like the down vote button was, so only hackers can figure out how to use the site. Yeah, exactly. All these mediums are just waiting to be integrated. Just think how similar chat and email are. On a hacker site, why not make all the important tools only accessible to hackers? The companies pay them. Companies bid to have users increase their process' priority, or promise to pay a percentage of the earnings. Plus, most people barely use their CPU at all most of the time. If the system was secure with enforceable contracts, I don't see why this wouldn't work out. Assuming a material origin implies reality is orderly and understandable? Rant rant rant!! Rant. I wouldn't just be focussed on ID, I have wide ranging interests. That's why I was wondering if anyone would just generically fund me to do whatever. Regardless of my interests, isn't this something you'd want? Why go through all the effort of a start up if there's a quicker way to get independence? Ok, noted. I agree the ID debate, and like flame wars, should be censored. I value this community and don't want to bring it down. I wasn't quite sure everyone would automatically censor me for the idea, so I was testing the water. I think mentioning controversial subjects should be alright, like if someone wanted to know what I would pursue if given the means, but debates about them should be done offline. Yeah, it was. I don't get it either. But it's just karma. Not like it's important or anything. Kinda, though I know if I had alot of money, it would be kind of cool to fund people who are passionate about something to just go do their thing and see what happens. I figure creative work prospers best when a person isn't tied down to some specific problem space. This is where most of our great scientific revolutions seem to have come from. This was true for the Greeks too, who built so many of our intellectual foundations. I see. Well, sounds like you know more about the pre-Socratics than I. I was under the impression that it wasn't until Heraclitus that people thought things in our mind, like math, would correspond with external reality. Uh, have you read Plato's dialogues? The defining characteristic is that they aren't philosophical treatises, i.e. not pedantic monologues claiming all knowledge. Their whole point is to stimulate the reader to think for themselves on very interesting questions. But software has the shortest feedback loop between high metaphysical concepts and practical instantiation. For example, OO is a variation on the notion of Forms. It'd be useful to see some support for your claims about the history of philosophy. Specifically: 1. Aristotle's Metaphysics, and the like, had no effect on its readers. I'd also like a clearer definition of "did something." I.e. does changing the way one thinks about practically theoretical fields "do something?" 2. No one challenged the two until the 1600s. Kant, by himself, isn't a good source since his philosophical agenda was to overthrow the relevance of religion (which was tightly coupled with classical thought). See Allan Bloom's Closing of the American Mind for details. For my undergrad I studied the classics, and I'd say your generalizations are too general. People, such as Aristophanes, said the same things about Plato in his day that you say in your essay. Yet, generations of great thinkers have chosen Plato over the Cynics and Epicureans, today's relativists and materialists. Your critique of the uselessness of philosophy is more indicative of the fact that many of the humanities in academia today are purposely biased towards relativism or materialism. While I agree that philosophy should be tested with practice, I don't think practicality should restrict inquiry. Otherwise, we become very short sighted. Math is a great example of this, which you've pointed out in one of your essays. Finally, you misunderstand Aristotle's support for 'useless' theory. You're confusing 'useless' with 'pointless.' All useful activities are done for a specific goal, they aren't important in themselves. Therefore, the ultimate point of useful activities is by definition 'useless.' Aristotle thinks the final goal we all aim for is happiness, and the highest form of happiness is a kind of knowledge. So what happens if I am merely testing whether people care more about the quality of my comments, vs some ideology I may or may not buy into? If this is going to be a better community than reddit, the way a person argues and supports their view should matter more than whether they happen to hold a controversial idea. For the most part I've been pretty impressed. The Diogenes quotes are interesting, but don't they lampoon Neo Platonic thought more than Plato himself? Even more important, was Socrate's Republic meant to be taken seriously? For a better presentation of the contemporary view of philosophers like Plato, you should read Aristophane's Clouds. It's also alot deeper in meaning than a mere facile mockery of poorly understood ideas. Godel was a Platonist. That being said, I am very much in favor of hacker philosophers. 1. Creative, logical thinking is an inherent part of what we do and love. 2. We created and own the best communication and research network in history. 3. Programming brings our ideas into existence in very short order, and allows us to model pretty much every aspect of reality. Unfortunately, we also tend to get stuck in our own little world of ideas, a important strength which is our major flaw. That's a good point. I'd have to research the issue. Elaboration: keep in mind the whole point of creating a city in words was to get a look at the soul, and Socrates hints at the fact the city wouldn't be practical in real life. Damn, now I have to learn Haskell. Huh, I'll have to find out what made Heraclitus' notion of Logos so distinct then. So if our universe is essentially computational, what are the implications of Godel's incompleteness theorem? Doesn't this mean there must be an infinite number of axioms our universe is generated from? The problem I see is 'truth' that is not generated by the system the universe is a function within. To then maintain truth is that which corresponds to reality gets hard. Kinda trippy. Science makes progress by assuming there are not real contradictions. I think the author makes a good point about criteria that are most easily fulfilled by the privileged. Yeah, that would probably work as long as I don't have tough competition that can work full time. So when I release, I have to release pretty complete and bug free, and it'd help if the product was very hard to reproduce without knowing the internals. I can probably do those, since I currently have a year and a half of comp sci research ahead of me (getting a masters). Any recommendations on especially pertinent fields? I'm planning to look at SOA type stuff - intelligent agents, evolutionary algorithms, systems architecture, etc. I'd like to throw some Godel in there too, but can't really see the applicability yet. The rate of ship jumping is accelerating. First, diggers jump to reddit. Then redditers jump to proggit. Proggits jump to hacker news. Where next? Soon it'll be a new social network site for every new thread. Then we'll need a meta social network site, and so on. I bet the reddit engine could be adapted to do this. If the rating system could also rate items for you based on the interests of those who rated the page, where the rating value would be a function of the similarity of interests to yours, then it would no longer be eternal September. The only thing missing would be a meta commenting system, similarly constructed. That the system would be based on existing networks would ensure the cross pollination of ideas between different interest groups. The bulletin board system at my college did this. Quite handy and very missed once I left. The delay function is useful for other things too... Paul Graham is so good, good was defined as (+ Paul Graham good), and implemented with tail recursion. You're right. I can have all the time I want at Fort Knox. Anyways, this is part of thinking around the problem. A deep solution is better in my situation than scratching some random itch, since anyone can do the latter. So, to rephrase my question more exactly: what are the deep underlying problems of the web that need the type of strong theory I can learn at university? In answer to your last set of questions, something that really needs to be made is an aggregation service for all the web 2.0 stuff out there. People want an integrated, secure, and trust based work/socializing platform, and my current research interests are geared towards solving this kind of problem. Facebook is trying to do this, but I don't think they have a good mechanism yet for integrating apps. Leo Strauss would say otherwise. He has a whole book about Aristophane's take on Socrates, highlighting the crucial tension between the philosopher and the rest of society - the reason Socrates was killed. According to Allan Bloom, the whole enlightenment project can be explained as an attempt to solve this problem by displacing religion with philosophy, through science. Ok, here's a better one: Chuck Norris wanted to be like Paul Graham, and tried to learn tail recursion. The best he could do was a roundhouse kick. Just remember how important the fool is in Shakespeare... I like the notion of how constraints help. I think that's pretty key, prevents feature creep and the rest, which could easily overwork a full time team that gets to ambitious. Aw cummon! I thought this was the ultimate cap - tail recursion? roundhouse kick? Chuck Norris? haha? YCU I'm not referencing ID. Heh, sounds like bait, but I stick by what I said and not take it here. You can email me, eric holloway, with google's email service if you want to know my views on ID. The point is, why do you want to get rich? I thought most hackers here aren't in it for the money alone, but for the freedom it gives them. But if all you hackers really care about is moolah, then that's pretty boring. If you look at history, how many of the really fundamental, ground breaking ideas came from the people who mainly cared about getting rich? But, I'm not proposing a different system. I'm all for people sponsoring startups. Just if people are interested in sponsoring hacking that's primarily aimed at interesting ideas, I'm more for that. I suspect pg is headed in this direction once YC becomes lucrative enough. His philosophy posts obviously show he's interested in much loftier things, albeit with empirical feedback. Which is a waste of time if I can get funded. This is a general question asked on behalf of all hackers who primarily want financial independence. Idea modeler means computers. Romantic, but I don't want to be a starving artist if I can avoid it. Well, it's one of those questions that get right to the heart of the issue, but people don't feel comfortable asking because their context is based on one specific answer. Many times, those are exactly the questions that should be asked. Sometimes they're just retarded. I decided to give it a shot. Seriously, think how little money it takes to live, and fairly comfortably - probably only about $20,000 a year. That's nothing for any of the multi-millionaires that roam this site. There should definitely be some kind of criteria to determine whether a person is promising (such as what they've done on their own time), but besides that I don't see any problem with the idea. There's also kawa: www.gnu.org/software/kawa/ It's scheme implemented in java, so you can still call all the java libraries. It may also be possible to recover the java code from the class files kawa creates using jad, but I haven't tested this yet. Jad: www.kpdus.com/jad.html I wish more courses were taught this way. I became interested in programming because I wanted to make games, and that naturally lead me to learn higher math to do 3d graphics. Plus, this gave me the background of trying to solve some important problems myself, so the solutions I was taught in school made sense and stuck a lot easier. I think it would be possible to base a comprehensive education around making a computer game. Comp Sci would provide the technical and theoretical background, while classes such as history, english, art, etc. would provide the material for the game. This gets around the problem of a person having to waste comp sci time on non comp sci game related problems, and they learn to integrate everything they learn to a much higher degree. Plus, it'll be more fun to grade their work. Probably Shakespeare's too. Uh, gregorian/rennaissance/etc. chant? Classical too, though don't really know who's playing usually. I like Chopin alot. The best is music that sounds like thinking. I also second silence. That's the usual case. I've been learning about this transition in my software design class, and the funny thing is the waterfall method should never have been in the first place. The method is actually based on a misinterpretation of Dr. Winston Royce's paper, where he advocates a system like rational unified process, but a bit more nuanced. If non hackers created a successful web startup, then they must have some other kind of talent going for them, which is a plus since most others in the YC community have the hacker thing going for them. I don't get why people care so much if someone thinks highly of themselves. As long as they aren't hurting me, or really screwing up the world or society, I say more power to them. I'm glad someone's thinks they're up to taking charge of things, so I don't have to and can do the cool stuff instead. I'll echo that. First two years in the Air Force I volunteered all over the place and got all kinds of recognition and such. But now I'm in school again, thankfully no more of that crap:P One of the biggest ways Facebook will change the internet is giving it a trust foundation. And it sucks that Google Answers was closed because of those other services. One way Facebook can be very useful is by providing trust and accountability for distributed/social applications. For example, if everyone did email through facebook, then you could restrict incoming email to within 6 degrees of your friends. If spam starts being sent because of one of your friends, you have incentive to cut off that friendship before you get cut off from your social network. Like that article awhile back talked about, Facebook is another step in automating the way we build trust. And trust is the bedrock of a cohesive and effective society. The thing keeping them from becoming a true commodity is an effective aggregation service. (Not yahoo pipes, which is just for rss feeds) Ah, ok. I remember reading that it couldn't compete with the lame Yahoo! equivalent for some reason. I still think Web 2.0 is missing some kind of app aggregator. Something that would both improve the findability of applications, and allow them to be plugged together similar to what yahoo pipes does with RSS. However, without some kind of standardization amongst the apps, this is way too complex to implement. And creating a trusted distributed computing system on facebook, where clients would compete to have users give their programs highest priority. On a simple analysis, while this would not be a very dependable system, it seems cheaper than Amazon's service at $1 an hour per core. Plus, this could be made more complex by integrating a contract system - clients can promise a certain payout based on the results of their program, kind of like the lottery. I like it. Maybe also standardizing the way of phrasing input so as to make it somewhat machine understandable? Another idea to go along with this that I've thought cool would be to create a wikipedia like system where people logically state their info and arguments in a machine understandable format. The machine would then crunch everything and tell people what the contradictions and possible truths were in the overall system of thought, or particular sub systems. Combining these two systems could make a very powerful research tool. Could this be a regular feature of YC? Even with Google, it's hard to find some of the articles in the past, and this is a valuable thing to keep track of. No, not quite, it's missing the pluggable architecture. It would be analogous to yahoo pipes, but apply to general apps, not just rss feeds. It'd be kind of like gluing together stuff in *nix, except in a way the web savvy crowd can. Most UI problems are a lack of interoperability. All solved with emacs and flat text. Valid point. That's cool. Someone really needs to close the email, chat, blog, etc gap. They're really all the same thing, just with slightly different purposes in mind. Collaboration would be so much greater if each wasn't stovepiped into it's own solution. Combine email, chat, blogging, etc. into one real time system on facebook. Everyone's going to want to start communicating there anyways, since the trust network keeps out spamminess. (I think someone said something similar last time) In terms of capabilities that users want, I'm right. In terms of making the UI intuitive for the common user, obviously my solution isn't the answer. my point is that they should be one system. Similar to how email and chat are the same in gmail. Maybe some kind of "typing box" too. That way we can explain how we vote, or just type for fun. These "boxes" would be all over the page so people always had somewhere to type. The backlash of it all will be even more apathy, which can be pretty dangerous. "We're all going to die anyways." Hence, a vicious cycle. Playing the devil's advocate, I think large severance packages can be good for the company. A phenomena you see in the military, and I would expect any other place with large responsibilities, are leaders unwilling to make the tough calls. Why? Because a bad decision can cost them their career, their family's livelihood, and may even mean a court martial. So, in the corporate world, a large severance package can encourage the CEOs to make those tough calls. Of course, the other side is that taking away repercussions can lessen the gravity of a decision, and a leader may not exercise due diligence. Hence, large severance packages are more a balancing act than something we should direct our moral outrage against. In my opinion, it is often better to make a tough decision, even if it is wrong, than to wait in paralysis. I think we all would like it if everyone else were better behaved than we want to be. In my opinion, this is as strong AI problem, and only people have strong AI. Therefore, large social sites are always going to need human moderators to have a good signal to noise ratio. I didn't say it's a complete solution, otherwise we'd never have disagreements, wars, etc. But, it's the closest we'll get to a solution. That being said, I think algorithms can be very effective as intelligence amplifiers, allowing us to make higher level decisions and micro manage less. As an aside, this is actually true, though the filter we read the Bible through makes it quite boring. There's a reason the Bible is the most important book for understanding Western civilization. Another thing that could help are functional -> industrial language translators, such as Kawa. At least in this way the programmers can use FPLs in a normal job setting. If they can show increased productivity, this will move the market towards FP. Style is probably still a problem in this case. Can style be automated? I.e. can FP code be translated into correctly formatted industrial code? I haven't research the conversion process carefully, but from what I know it converts the code into class files, which can be reverse engineered into java files. Tedious and it wouldn't produce very readable code, though, so not really a solution. Anyways, your second statement shows you missed my point. If there are translators as I described then any average java programmer can take over the functional programmers job without having to know functional programming. Notice the part where I said Kawa isn't really a solution? It was meant as an example of something like what I'm talking about, but not quite. Whoa, I checked out their website and it looks to be a pretty sweet school. I was homeschooled for a significant portion of my life, and I really liked the open endedness of it all. That's when I was truly motivated to learn for its own sake. I read voraciously and taught myself to program so as to make games. Then I started going to public school where they happened to not like new Americans much:P Anyways, here's hoping that model of education catches on much more widely. Orson Card's "Redemption of Columbus" is based on this idea. They figure out how to calculate a change in history that will create a better future. This leaves the possibility open that technology can reach a state where the meta-timeline can be retraced and everyone resurrected. At worst, no. Be very careful with advice from people who don't know you and don't necessarily care what happens to you, i.e. people on some anonymous forum. For example, #1 on the highest rated comment is horrible advice. It has screwed up the lives of many, many people and will adversely affect all the future relationships of anyone lucky enough to get away with it. Definitely not in the same way. Sex is not a bodily necessity, vs eating and sleeping. We only feel it is because our culture is way oversexed in a very unhealthy manner. Plus, STDs, unwanted pregnancies, and single parent homes are horribly epidemic. Safe sex is not safe. And, the relational impact is not to be ignored. Sex functions as an important element in preserving a couple's relationship, and flagrantly misusing it undermines yet one more of the few effective bonds between a couple. With all the broken homes in our country, this is not something we want. Finally, restricting sex is an essential part of focusing energy in a society in a useful manner, and today's 'free love' has very much dissipated our cohesiveness and diminished what we can accomplish. Make no mistake, the sexual 'revolution' has messed up our society. Even if all you care about is yourself, this isn't true. Plato explains this in the Republic. Indulging in extreme pleasures dulls their effect, while making us want more extreme pleasure. This makes us more dependent upon the changing world and at the mercy of our bodily desires and others. Not a recipe for a fulfilling life. And we have universities full of specialists. You know what I mean. Having sex often is not something we need to do, vs eating and sleeping. What's wrong with that point? Freud says man's libido is sublimated in society for the purpose of getting him to do great things. Since 'free love' undermines the social constructs, such as marriage, that sublimate man's libido, I'm saying essentially the same thing. You want to take this up with Freud? The reddit thread on this has a very insightful analysis of the project's importance. Well, if sex is the only place you get wetness, then your life is kind of sad. I mean seriously, every time you want to get a drink of water you have to have sex? Or am I misunderstanding you here? AI is the soul of computer science. Computer science is essentially about automating different aspects of our mind, and AI is the field of computer science that comes up with new methods of thought automation. If AI truly ever dies, then computer science is dead. I didn't mean to imply zealous abstinence, just am against the prurient nymphomania or whatever recommended in that reddit thread. Still, though, I think there is something to be said for virginity. For some reason it was even an ideal in the Greek world before Christianity, e.g. Plato. But it wasn't an ideal in the sense that sex was considered bad, just virginity, voluntarily taken, was a nobler thing. That's another discussion, though. First of all, I'm pretty sure it's commonly accepted that the notion of the 'dark ages' is a product of bad scholarship, though I don't have a good cite for you, so you can ignore that point. As for religion and science, I'm against any attempt to undermine reason, but this means we have to be open to the truth no matter where it lies, whether in today's 'science' (which is very philosophically narrow) or theology. However, this doesn't mean contradiction between the two is resolved by ignoring science. If people really believe theology is supported by the evidence, then they cannot believe there are any real contradictions between science and theology. That's the position of the sophisticated element of the ID movement. Also, keep in mind that the ID movement is not essentially Christian or fundamentalist. For example, Christopher Langan is an ID theorist who is a pantheist, which is pretty interesting. Yeah, sorry, I was pressed for time. I think you miss my point. One simple example of what I'm talking about is the Western world's birth rate problem. Where did I say that? I suspect you are just jumping to conclusions based on the fundamentalist stereotype; not that I'm one of those, either. There is a position inbetween having alot of promiscuous sex and having no sex. I am merely stating why I think alot of promiscuous sex can be a problem. People are, of course, free to do whatever they want and don't have to listen to me. Anyways, I'm not trying to be a troll. People keep misunderstanding or needing elaboration, so I explain and elaborate. If people ignored what I said I wouldn't see a need to keep posting. As elaboration, I agree with Daniel Dennett's synopsis of what is dangerous about religion: blind faith. Blind faith is the essential ingredient for all the atrocities and religious wars. However, blind faith is not an inherent aspect of religion. For example, Christianity historically recognized the validity of both scripture and the conclusions of natural reason, i.e. science, and said they are both part of the same Truth. Therefore, they cannot truly contradict in the final analysis. Daniel Dennett's talk at TED http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/94 No, I didn't mean bad scholarship during the middle ages. The notion that there was a dark ages is the result of bad scholarship. There actually wasn't such a thing. Also, Galileo wasn't persecuted for his ideas on cosmology, but for the manner in which he promoted his ideas. Yes, I agree there is an anti intellectual trend with some creationists, as there is with hardcore atheists such as Dawkins. But the theocratic element of American Christianity is actually very small and overblown by a paranoid media. Again, you have the same sort of thing on the atheist side, which is also a very vocalized minority. My tutors' blog is a great example of very smart people who take the traditional Christian view of reason and revelation: http://www.scriptoriumdaily.com/ Yeah, I don't get why this stuff is considered so revolutionary. It's like no one involved ever studied tcp/ip. This kind of gives geniuses a raw deal. Sure, many of them are undisciplined, but their brilliance is useful. If managers just focus on how they don't have the same strengths as the rest of the company's employees, seems like the managers aren't making good use of the company's resources. Now, if only I can be dumb like Newton, I'm golden. I keep a couple scorpions loose in my house. Getting ready for work in the morning is always a thrill. Does anything not mediocre ever take off on large social sites? Is there any substantial point to institutional higher education today? The only possibilities I can think of are: 1. Research that isn't tied down by practical concerns. 2. Professors can help people learn the material faster than on their own. 1 is good, and from my very limited knowledge seems to be fairly strong, but fading, in academia. 2, of course, depends on the person, and the emphasis on grades can slow a person down, as you say. I'm churning through the busy work right now in my courses, since grades still matter at least for their appearance. In my opinion, our educational model needs to be majorly revamped, or augmented. I know a couple people here went to Amherst, and I quite liked what I saw on their website. The answer lies somewhere in between. The problem with big questions is lack of traction, whereas the problem with small questions is lack of vision. The insightful questions latch onto the pivot points between these two realms, either reshaping the big questions in light of the small answers or visa versa. Isn't intelligence known more for ground breaking work than becoming an expert in a particular field? Also, I think a big reason we don't see more results from intelligent people is due to our cult of intelligence that worships the raw power more than people making good use of it. Hey, there are a surprising number of billionaires today. Is it possible to make these kinds of games multiplayer? I think dogfighting would be fun, or co-op stunts. Maybe a sandbox mode? Anyways, I like the game, and echo the request for level unlocking. I'd say you can in terms of how knowledge plays a role in the game. In chess, the computer can calculate the best move given a situation. It doesn't need to know anything about the opponents strategy. In poker, it is pretty much the opposite. Your move depends partially on purely deterministic criteria, what people likely have, but more so on what you think everyone else thinks. Here you enter a realm I'd say computers are inherently bad at. This, I think, is what mattmaroon is getting at. So, are you a major user yourself? Even caffeine, which I use out of weakness and necessity, I worry about. Subjectively, it seems like my increased focus and lack of tiredness comes at a cost to my higher intellectual functions. No objective proof of this, though subjectivity counts for something. Has anyone here achieved good enough control over their body where they don't need this stuff? Have you found a significant difference between operating on and off drugs when going without sleep for long periods? Why are athletics so important? I think they just help colleges attract money, no real intrinsic value. Man, I wish I had your friends. Most people I know think such OCDness is weird. My parents are always telling me to 'have fun.' I never realized all you need is a favorable wind and hot air to make it to the top. Makes sense, I guess. This is an off topic question, but what do you think of India's economic competitiveness compared to China's? According to Fortune, China is supposed to be the big player for this century. If true, this is pretty bad since the Chinese elites view people as a means to the end of Chinese dominance. India, on the other hand, institutionally has a better respect for human dignity. Though the caste system is still alive and kicking, it is a religious institution, and not something the government is pushing on the people. It's a conspiracy theory that made the digg/reddit rounds awhile back. Here's Ars Technica's take on it: http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/20070125-8701.html The author doesn't find the theory plausible, but does link to a DARPA paper detailing how social networking principles can allow financial transactions to be better tracked. Thanks, yes that's a good answer. So, even though India doesn't compete with China industrially, what do you think about it's intellectual competition? Some of the most innovative mathematicians have been Indian, whereas I don't know of any such Chinese innovators. While industrialization is very important for turning good ideas into products; the good ideas, in my mind, are more important. As Al Queda is showing us, technology isn't the panacea we often think it is. Crap, now I have to worry about whether the girl I'm chatting up is a cultural zeitgeist, besides just getting up the nerve to talk to her. Thanks alot, Neil. How good is Arcs underflow checking? Recommend any of those books? and would you mind sharing what your best feeds are? I wish the emacs macro system was easily Turing complete, but that must open a can of worms or something. I like the notion of writing a program as I do an action, but the macros don't really have control structures built in. It has inherent social value - it influences the way people interact. I'd say it's analogous to any other measurement of social status. So, when I see someone with high karma, I know they epitomize the ideals of the largest*most active group in a society. (Comment about things you can't say) Brilliant people seem to go crazy kinda often. Upvote this comment if you agree, but don't want to fall for vlad's trick. As the above comments show, smart people tend to take things more seriously. Not that that's a bad thing, but I think it explains the extremes in the views of smart people. Of course, I've just moved the question up a level here... You, sir, are a genius! We also need to watch out for those diggers. I hear they are even worse and ruined reddit to begin with. We must fight against the encroaching dark. Another question, has it always been this way? I remember reading somewhere that our levels of depression and suicide are a historical anomaly. What is different between now and then? It's a problem if the situation is escalating... Later on q reaffirms aaron's argument (@ 2008-01-19T10:55:30), seemingly based on q's own read of DD's work. So, at least two seemingly smart people come to the same conclusion independently. No idea. Some commentator. Yes, yes I did. The majority of people today are mostly concerned with subsistence too. Its the same with the news, comedy, movies, etc. Negativeness is edgier and seems more relevant. I think we are addicted to stress: http://the-programmers-stone.com/about/the-dreaded-jungian-b... When debating with people online, I have to be caustic and biting (although not too much) to be taken seriously. Kudos for trying hard to be even handed with a "you can't talk about it" subject. Difficult even on hacker news. Anyone read CS Lewis' Great Divorce? What is it about geeks that turns women off? Is it merely the social maladjustment? We males tend to adjust our behaviors based on what women find sexy, which is partially why universities used to be male only. Geekiness correlates with good intellectual work, but as mentioned, women don't like it. Which also makes me think that the key to guiding society is by defining what women find sexy. Were/are many of you homeschooled? I ask because his image of hell is an endless expanding country of people who can't stand anyone else. Loneliness can often be a symptom of our selfcenteredness, and this drug is like giving someone painkillers for their broken arm. Let's hear them! I'd say the definition of sexiness has changed. Now "sexy" is dashing, promiscuous, childmen. The qualities essential for good families are not considered very sexy, whereas they used to be moreso. I don't think I "offend." I seriously can't think of anything that offends me. I might consider you immoral though, say if you thought genocide was a good idea or something. But, I'd do this on principled grounds and explain why. However, many people's profiles are linked to their real selves, so this isn't a non taboo area for them. Yeah, my outlook improved once I had more control over my life and didn't have to live in the socially backward world of public school. Once my social worth became dependent on the actual productive things I did than on my ability to fit in, I had higher self esteem. That's why I think the US is pretty cool. Just think, in many countries people have to live in public school society for the whole of their lives. Yeah, it's more about the attitude towards learning, so I'd say so. The main way homeschool benefited me was to not kill my intellectual curiosity (and give me plenty of time and freedom to do my own investigation). ?!? And a tangent on that: It's been said that algorithm + data structure = program. But really, the only true 'algorithm' is the cpu. Everything else is clever data structures. Just thought I would say... Information is inherently free, dissemination isn't. A. Higher interests rates for people who can't pay to begin with isn't going to get them more money. B. Don't give credit cards to people who historically pay badly. In my opinion, greed on the part of the CC companies is also to blame, besides financially stupid creditees. No, dissemination always consumes resources. I'm not just talking about the resources for sharing files, which are minimal. The real resources consumed are time and energy creating/discovering the information in the first place and putting it in a format that is usable. That's why people need some kind of guaranteed reimbursement for their discoveries and limited IP is a good idea. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Absurdly high interest rates clearly seem a form of theft on the part of the CC company. I've been thinking that there must be an easy way to tie the emacs webbrowser, macros, and regexs together to make powerfully customizable crawlers, but I haven't really investigated. Anyone know of this being done? Actually, I think it would have been more insightful for me to say interpretation isn't free. Dissemination matters, but the interpretation is primary. Information is inherently free because information is basically numerical, and anyone can (potentially) think of any number. However, information is only useful when the numbers are correlated with actions or objects. It's this correlation that is truly valuable, and the creation of the correlation requires resources (i.e. time and energy). Any good sources for all the sciences? Also, is there an overview of how computer science impacts all the other academic disciplines?