What are you trying to accomplish with this? :) Books give him a temporal high? WTF? Yes, stuff like this! Heh... but I really liked _feeling_ on par with whatever people are using/feeling inside BigCo. Do you agree with the answer to #2? He goes on to say that some former JPL employee named Ron attributed his high productivity to Lisp but, when he joined Google he found out C++ programmers there that were more productive that he in Lisp. Then he realized it was the programmers that mattered, not the programming language. Now, isn't this a bit stretched? I'd believe if it was Python against Lisp, of course... I don't like it. They should just try to mimic OSX... I disliked the Dark theme for ubuntu 9. Guys, shouldn't we be talking about 11th position? Lisp! Remember? So, they can't live from its profit yet. :( OH COOL! Congratulations! When I was deciding for Django, this... So, how do I build the next Google? Sure, but I'm not a designer. Someone isn't ugly just because they have a big nose, for example. I can't explain exactly why it is ugly. But it is in the fonts, the anti-aliasing, the theme that tries to be new but only changes some colors, the terminal tab bar too big... Should I learn SQL alone first? Misread as XeXeca Who would say.. C++ is the language du jour again! Meta-comment: this Safari site advertises it has over _9000_ books and videos! How is that going to attract people? It's more about the concepts, IMHO. Google has implemented MapReduce in C++. Which is probably why they're dominating the world while I'm playing with another language I'll never get to write anything in... Youtube: "Quants: The Alchemists of Wall Street." What can give me IDE-like popup completion for the current file using a live python interpreter beyond the scenes? Why isn't there SLIME for Python? There are also slides packed with the source download on Sourceforge (/doc). Hm, blog has two entries, both are on HN at this moment... is it considered ok to ask for friends to post links to your blog? Just askin... Shouldn't a team like this start their own business instead of thinking of being hired? Imagine if the skeptic had a heart attack at that very time... YES! Why Rails sites always look better than Django ones? Curious... why do you think themes are a bad design choice for Chrome? What about it? I do 67^2 as 60 60 + 7 60 + 7 60 + 7 7 ... What is NurteShock? The "Themes by Google" ones are a little better. Nah, I'll just see them on Youtube. Neko -> Haxe -> Cool flash stuff Related: http://ncannasse.fr/blog/physaxe [edit: oops, I think Haxe doesn't need Neko if you're targetting Flash] Totally different? IIRC, Neko is based on Ocaml, which is on the other side of the spectrum from dynamic languages like Lua... So... what do you mean? the sad thing is that that product will only work for english :) on one way, recognizing (and translating the subtitles to english) other languages would be more important because most people already know english... there's "english sound" -> text.. what i meant is that perhaps "chinese sound" -> text or something would be more useful fost most people around here What about environment? Does it take pictures? before getting to know them.. but then you should. Joel was a fun read back then. Respect. aka "bunnie", the guy who become famous for hacking Xbox, IIRC. ...with Lars Bak. Python is fine for Norvig. Just got over 9000 with a snippet in Perl, using regular expressions. Does the codebase matters more than the ideabase? Surprisingly, this allows sending SMS to all operators in Brazil, and just tested on mine. I wonder, how they did it? Did they have to contact each operator and make a deal, or I'm missing something? Self-answering: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=449670 I wish there was some service that would allow me to send SMS for free, and they could add a 30-char ad along... A VPS could be easily shared if you have couple friends interested... Hate the dark theme. Feels like a skinned desktop from the nineties. Changed to a light theme which looks ok but like the same I used in the last 10 years... When will I install an Ubuntu that doesn't make me feel so "Oh this is still Linux"... Also, why isn't VLC the default video player yet? Hm, it was quite easy to install more window borders. If only I could get fonts to look like Windows... Nice design. How long does it take an expert designer to make a site like this? I'm wondering if can/should a programmer learn to do this? Because I intend to create a startup and would like to save money there... 1. Perhaps something similar could be done with people travelling on airports? (Ok, it's very dangerous to just carry random stuff, but perhaps would work for books or things like that) I'd ship many empty boxes at the beginning, to test how many of those arrive the destination. I suppose the payment is done after the package arrives... My stocks going up. Less people thinking the dark ubuntu theme is nice. Nice, not as verbose as I thought Scala code was... "Shouldn't we all be using the same CSS?" Video: http://propella.blogspot.com/2009/12/wooden-half-adder-video... Funny dude! Thanks. I felt this should exist somewhere already. Here, some systems say you have an "waiting time: 10 minutes" every 10 minutes. But what can I do with this, startup-wise? :) (It's a problem to myself also) Can't you just turn it into a crime not to deliver? I kept adjusting the contrast of my monitor until I reailized the logo was changed. I always envied smokers because of that. Go for a smoke: cool. Go think about something: nerd. Picture yourself saying "I need to think" to the hot gal. Fail. "Very strong possiblity" ? Where is the data? You might be the person to tell me. I always felt people can't stop because they associate smoking with bad feelings. You give a smoker bad news and he lits one, every time. Now you associated it with something good: engaging with the boss. And so you could easily stop. Would you agree with that? The coolest guy in the world, Obama, smokes... (BTW, can he smoke on the White House? Is it considered his house or a public property?) js.el is a new major mode for JavaScript files. I think js2.el (Steve Yegge) was combined with javascript.el to make a new mode. Might be interesting... This guy is smart. Also worth viewing to see the VP getting demoralized. Do you happen to work for UN? No, serioulsy. It's bad enough if smoking increases your chances of having a lung cancer by 10% or something, but I can't believe 95% percent of the smokers will have a painful death. So, no need to makes bad things worse than they are. Go to bed now, Paul. No, you won't. Hacker dude. Give them flowers, folks. And tell her how much you love her. It's hard sometimes for us to express how we really feel... I love you too, ma. Useless for real work? I never saw negative comments from js2 users... I remember it was similar to nXML in having its own parser... do you think nXML is badly engineered or useless too ? I wrote a mode inspired by your Stylish for Lua one day. I wish there were more editors that would let you do that kind of thing... Not a good time to sell Lisp. Too many interesting languages succeeding out there.. (not the author) Inside C++, there is a much smaller and cleaner language struggling to get out. - Bjarne Stroustrup Clay is an attempt at creating that language. Link: http://tachyon.in/clay/ That's what I meant.. Please expand? It's always nice to put a face on a name... I suppose the same effect would happen in a organization, perhaps even more because the ones reviewing have power over you... I don't understand, why is this program valuable to be open-source? What does it do? I'd love to do rock climbing, but I'm overweight (100 kg) so it's not for me... I lolled. Sincerely I think the original cane was a more breakthrough idea. What if HFT systems exploit the fact that they have access to the information a few ms before the rest of the market? Which of those are we seeing on this live stream? http://code.google.com/intl/pt-BR/events/io/2010/session-sch... Also, what's the GMT of the schedule? And if you are here reading this after telling yourself you really would code your ass off today, you already lost. Err, my short stops are from BC2... That's great for node.js! My node is back, but linode.com still down for me. Also, http://twitter.com/linode . Is this official? The site is looking better than news.yc :) Aren't comments included in the maganize? One would think that comments would become something like "Readers opinion"... Make you own Kno. You will need: - 2 x Apple iPad - 1 x Hinge IMHO, there is good and bad advice there. I always liked how people seem to miss the "live slight below your means" insight. tl;dr Java or C++ Ai ai ai.. bring lisp back. I asked what this project was probably written in... What would be advantage of doing that? The slide that shows a performance comparison between Nginx, Node, Thin and Tornado says those were tested on Linux. Then he points to the Mac and complements "actually this laptop". So, do people consider MacOS equivalent to Linux for testing purposes? But earplugs amplify internal sounds, like touching my head and breathing... Visually, perhaps you can take something from this example which mimics Google wave layout using the ukijs javascript framework. http://ukijs.org/examples/core-examples/wave/ Suggestion: send email/tweet to @names in the board w/ OCR... Shouldn't this be better executed with JS on this iPad days? Most people are like that, in varying degree. The internets have certainly made it easier for us to stop doing stuff for more attractive stuff. If I was in jail with only one book, I bet one could really read it and grok it. Something similar is happening to me right now: a website I was developing has moved beyond the "cool" phase to the "now I need hard work" phase and I already started playing with another website... If you remove fundamentalists from both sides, won't there be new fundamentalists: the first and last elements of the spectrum? And I get wrist pain from doing C-x b a hundred times per day! Whould it be heavily taxed like cigarettes? +1. I'm trying to use Eclipse right now. I love the Emacs way - but this uber productivy is exactly what f*cks up my hands. If staying awake is an effort for them, then yes, they generally are going to be more intelligent because they are dedicating more than the rest of the population, on average. Minister Rastaman. Is answering or seeing this thread right now in your planned schedule? What would you buy today, a Macbook Pro 13" or 15" ? I ask because the processor is very different (Core 2 Duo vs I5/7)... Also, can a 13" drive an 30" cinema display? usesthat.com! lets do it One factor I forgot when buying a PC: noise! The fans are horrible... 2kg? Positively or negatively? My sister bought this dell ( http://www1.la.dell.com/content/products/productdetails.aspx... ) and its 1.6kg. Everyone loves the weight. My experience: the glasses make the movie darker, feel bad in front of my glasses and I try to focus on 3D objects desperately. I end up enjoying the film less. We should be producing more of this kind of bloggers, just in case he doesn't come back the next time. I can't even get real time (meaning not delayed by 15 minutes) stock quotes for my startup here in Brazil. More chance he'll read if you comment this on his blog. You also thought it was like Prince of Persia? I visualized something like: http://bit.ly/dzScOQ I used to think that mousing was a waste of time, but now that I used Eclipse (instead of Emacs) a little bit, I start to realize that a little bit of mousing lets me work a lot longer without pain that I'd get from doing everything with the keyboard. Trying all the combinations 10000 shouldn't take all that long. Is there anything better? Do you allocate some fixed time or number of pages as a goal to read every day ? When I start programming it takes up all available time.. That gal is a fantastic hacker. I wish I knew more about circuits when I ser her site. How well does this apply in practice? "You're going to receive some friends in your house while you're away." Just enough to live the rest of your life from it. Would it work with such a small screen? The next step is to reorganize the ads on the page dynamically so you can't avoid them! I open Colloquy to get help or to see what the cool guys are talking about. Is the culture that could produce those precious things long gone? I was thinking about building something like Instapaper, only you would be able to add notes about pages you read and share with people... Could work, but I'm sure almost no one will take the time to name a group, so you want to do that automatically (which you can do by finding out what those pages have in common) He died poor after having spent more than 300k in expensive Polaroid films. I have a VPS, but I'm wondering what happens when you just pay to "host your site" in some defined infra-structure (Python+MySQL for example) ? Oops, made the joke before actually seeing the site. After reading it I understand the downvotes... If only someone was producing OSes with the look quality of Apple software too! Unfortunately http://www.khanacademy.org/ doesn't touch computer science, but I love to watch to review math and physics. Vim modal keys will always be more effective (and less painfull) to just edit raw text. Emacs will always be more extensive because elisp, with all its problems, does great there. I also prefer how Emacs handle multiple buffers too (even with Vim's project plugins). That said, I'm trying to use Textmate now. I think Emacs is what fucked up my left wrist. Yep, got those installed. I wish the project drawer would have the same color settings that the main window. Also, folding is very nice on Textmate. The other games are good references. IMHO you could try doing something for the "hacker" public, to contrast with something like Linkedln, where (I guess) people take it very seriously. Suggestion accepted. Now I only I could play a random sound... When they got the right interfaces, integration and extensions they will re-release it as another tool (It will be another tool then). No, because people just care if they are going to make money with the deal. I have a strong negative reaction every time I view the InfoQ site. I can't say exactly what is the problem thought... perhaps they should have somewhat bigger margins to separate content from menus and ads? Then WebGL comes along and the community splits between bare-bones vs OpenGL...again! Same here. For displaying plain text strings any of those is good, but how can I do authentication/sessions? Only 20k/mo searches for "online trading" ? But Vim is IMO ugly. Even Emacs looks so much better.. Vim is so.. character based. I always wondered: where is the list of things we (humans) forgotten/unlearned? Look at you. Now look at him ( http://infosecurity.us/images/Dean_Kamen_IBot.jpg ). Now back to you. Now him again. Sadly, you aren't him. I keep thinking Instapaper and this service could do more with this valuable "items to read" data. This information has infinite value: they know what I'm going to be like (read) in the next few days (future). Of course it makes the implementation more complicated, but it could also make the site invaluable. At least, show reviews from other people who read the same links, track "hot" and top rated links (because people just put too much stuff in their reading list and have to filter it anyway, they might as well help each other sorting what is more important). More complicated things would be: automatically separating links in clusters (categories), telling me some link is no longer valid (some info only has value when new), detecting friends as "people who read (or like) the same stuff, etc. Right now those sites have little more value than a txt file (or Org-mode), and that makes me frown. I was thinking about the metal ones, and a comment in the site said "And yes it is generally thought that the bronze originals were painted too." Why are so quickly defending this guy? What's so special about him? I wonder if he gets into editor wars online. Heh. The LudumDare developer that impressed many folks the other day was using Eclipse! I imagine this is related with WebGL support, right? Could not deliver my simple multiplayer game.. Will try to finish in the week... Viper is too mainstream for me: http://jjfoerch.com/modal-mode/ Refactor: remove God references, rename entity-that-created-law-of-Physics to God. Learn with Node and do a ClojureKnockout? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shorthand Over 9000. If both accounts are from Gmail its even cheaper... From the article: “Combat espresso,” on the other hand, is brutal. The creamer, instant coffee and sugar are poured directly into one’s mouth and then washed down with water. How are those ingredients organized inside the main plastic bag? Thanks for all the info. Also, they seem to include the heater these days: http://www.mreinfo.com/civilian/mre/civilian-mre-comparison.... Is smoking still popular in the field? OTOH, with this feature sometimes you are going to change what you're searching before finishing it, because you can already see you're going the wrong way. Also, it has tab-complete. If only I could install an alternative syntax... edw519 arriving in 5..4..3..2..1 Any guy that dances like that is very high or very gay (happy). Yes, a Lisp. I want to write Lisp for Factor. dup swap only gets you so far. Slava's posts are very enlightening, how he decomposes problems into a million words. But in practice, it just takes me too much time to solve problems (that don't involve just calling a library). [edit] Even though you could say I could write code using locals and stuff, but that doesn't feel natural. Or I'm just used to prefix, or prefix is better for some reason. (+ 10 (* 20 30)) looks better to me than 20 30 * 10 +, even though, as Factor folks will tell you, concatenative languages are the ones with the "direct" syntax: Lisp is the one inverted. [edit 2] Another annoying thing: programming in Factor forces you to make a name for code you wouldn't normally name. Again, folks will say that that actually makes your program better, more testable, etc. In practice: harder. How, or in which level would a Lisp be integrated with Factor? Generate Factor code, generate Factor-VM bytecode? Do you feel that is possible? All-rounder! Respect if you do it because you're harmful to society, childish if its because society is harmful to you. For that, what are the advantages of a cave, comparing to a silent library? Also, toilets instead of holes and toilet paper instead of leaves. You just recalled me of a documentary that showed chinese (IIRC) folks sleeping in LAN houses because it was the cheapest thing for them. A nice idea I must say. Tell @DmitryBaranovsk! Then just thumbs up the other comment ;) Request: make an ode to Inception movie using it! So you can't type sdf in your code? People often respect the worst because it makes them feel good. I was really expecting to see a link to his git repo in the end. You can agree or disagree with his ideologies - but you can't agree or disagree with putting innocents in jail, killing people, ... I never thought about evolution and creationism as mutually exclusive. How does one guarantee that a site provides objective candidate information? First line says "Abortion issues: Pro-choice" Now, putting it like that already causes a bias in the reader, the opposite bias that "Pro-life: YES,NO" would cause, of course. My point being: is very prepotent to say your site provides objective information. And you're probably pro-choice, right? After the first pomodoro, the other pomodoros are easier. For me the difficult is to start! I want to say "Thanks for making it affordable and easy to people from all parts of the world and all levels of income to have a personal computer." Sometimes I write a comment, but writing makes you think more clearly about the subject, and so I realize it is not very insightful. Then I discard it and feel very proud for saving everyone's time. There are many cool things one could do with this, but I'm afraid the most popular one is going to be homemade porn. This is sweet: "Twitter.com is now a client of our own API. It fetches data from the same endpoints that the mobile site, our apps for iPhone, iPad, Android, and every third-party application use."