I remember realizing that I could use JavaScript to fake include()s so I wouldn't have to update every page on my crappy middle school website. Don't use your gmail (ebay, paypal, ...) password for ANYTHING else. For some reason, it thinks I'm not in America. I'm a guy, and I couldn't care less about the NBA, Howard Stern, or James Bond trivia without spraining something. What exactly IS "girl stuff"? The article didn't mention a single example of what a "girl link" is, except jokingly mentioning a few sexist ideas. No more hurtful than seeing current species stuck in a zoo. Clutching a clump of mammoth hair and watching a count-down from inside a teleporter booth. It would make sense to me that every cell in your body is in a polygamist marriage, which is you, which can in turn marry other things. But does that mean that your liver cell is married to your partner's brain cell? Not at all. What this means is that marriages are potential partners as well! Model that. I strongly disagree with his opinions, too; I went to see him speak, and it was a great presentation until the end where he somehow spiralled off into a tirade about gay marriage killing society. But I don't care. He writes (mostly) great books and he'll keep getting my money so long as he keeps it up. A customer decided they wanted each order placed on their site to have an 4-character alphanumeric designation. It took surprisingly little time to encounter "SH1T" during testing. You're besieged by idiots on all side. What else is there to do but drink? It's still pretty impressive, and puts us one step closer to my dream of having a camera with me wherever I go, ready at a moment's notice. I think that largely depends on what type of website they are working on. I think the majority of our clients' users are still on IE. 6. :( Ever since a high school teacher busted me for starting an end-of-term paper only three days prior, I've always copied the final copies of any documents I've had to submit anywhere into a clean document created the morning the submission was due. I'm glad that the habit I learned still has value past high school & college. You noticed someone's shoes? You're not one of us... We've all seen Speed! You could just put that on a loop. The rolling TV screen is less important than the rolling camera. Or perhaps just 45 seconds of a baby crying or nails on a chalk board? I'm 100% certain that I'd find a way to make one of these explode when I sat down, covering my wallet, money and ID in a sticky mess. Which would make it pretty tough to get into bars. Methamphetamines, man. Wouldn't it be easier to use a different browser instead of creating multiple accounts? With the limit of one burger per customer, the maximum value is (users * whopper_cost), bringing the ceiling to 360 million dollars. It should actually be a little less, since at some point there will only be 9 users who will have missed out on the flurry of unfriending, like victims of a fattening ponzi scheme. Except the assembly-line environment worked great in its context. 5540905. Can't believe I remembered that. It sort of rhymes in my head. I remember my number, but not any of my old phone numbers or addresses. Sometimes I forget my own birthday. Swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket and reflected the light from Venus. Obviously. Eh, I already saw this in the season finale of Reboot. I'm pretty sure we need to find Hexadecimal. I don't know about e-mail - I've been locked out of several accounts, and have had a few scary false-positives with my spam filter. On the other hand, I doubt any spam is going to come from a .gov domain... Trying to upvote a game didn't do anything - the number didn't change, I didn't see any message telling me something went wrong - just nothing. At that point, I got bored and left. I'm more interested in how to make that damn chime stop chiming whenever I turn on my Macbook. People have suggested that I mute it every time I shut down. This is asinine, and doesn't help me if I have to do a hard-shutdown. Monaco 10 over here. Using 13 makes me feel like grandma. I always loved Flashblock for Firefox not so much to save bandwidth/CPU, but to make sure that wherever I go, jackasses can't spam me with retarded videos and annoying background music. I grew up in Moscow, Russia, and was taking the bus and subway by myself from quite an early age; I left there at 10, so it must have been several years before then. (I know it's not Japan, but wanted to point out that this was done even in what some might consider to be a western-yet-scary part of the world.) I think the sad thing is that there are spoiled teenagers in America who don't truly become independent until well into their twenties. But that's like rumors of America's obesity - yes, there may be a problem there, but we aren't literally drowning in basement-dwelling twenty year olds or other people's flab. Local backups and a few offsite backups, too. Recently paranoia has hit, and I'm planning on storing everything that I hold dear in at least two online locations and two local ones. I wonder how many families in India have a TV. Yes, we are a perennially screwed socio-economic subset in that regard. Why the strong refusal? Does he have a blog? I think as HN gets bigger, it'll become more and more like reddit. You either have to learn to live with idiots (like me, I'll admit) or you gotta keep island-hopping. After reading The Daily WTF (and assuming those stories are at least 80% truth), these sorts of tales don't really surprise me. If the economy collapsed tomorrow, where would you get your food? Would you starve to death first, or attempt to murder your next door neighbor, who lives alone, to feed your family? Would he kill you first? ... and then some conscientious time traveler goes back in time and tightens up the truck's brakes a little ... I'd hate the hassle much more than spending the $300. Suddenly, blackmail is a legitimate business strategy. My only advice is to go for B's. A will be too suspicious. Well, at least it knows where it is. 403 error. Yes, you'd really need siblings who came from the same parents, yet were separated at birth. My stepfather has said a few times that he wishes he had taken the "further" option. I'm not sure if I ever want kids, but something about freezing my sperm and getting a vasectomy worries me. A fire at the sperm bank, and my genetic legacy is lost forever. (Of course I could go in for a reversal, but those don't always take, etc., etc.) Like the pilot said, though, it was only incredible luck that left him alive. I doubt that your odds are significantly improved or decreased by where you're sitting if your supersonic airplane falls apart around you. need tinierurl. Not to mention, what happens when inevitably idiots with delusions of competence catch on and everyone from Granny to Clueless IT Manager start saying it reflexively. Can't wait to come into work to find a disgusting piece of rotting cheese. I will be toothless before I give up bread. "Caffeinated products are not recommended for people who are prone to panic attacks or those who suffer from anxiety." Goddamnit. I love the idea of non-transitive dice. It would also be nice to list the song duration in the search results. And here I thought the story was about some sort of return & refund scam... Are you sure it wouldn't let you continue? That absolutely doesn't sound right. I think one of the arguments raised in one of the Jurassic Park books was that parents are necessary to teach "culture"; in the novel, the raptors were incredibly aggressive, going as far as fighting each other and killing each other over food, instead of just fighting hard enough to show the beta male his place. Stolen cellphones could also be rendered useless by programming them to disable themselves if they detect that the user of the phone is not the legitimate owner. "911? I need help! A man has just collapsed at the bus stop! I'm calling from his ... hello? Hello? Well, shit." I think that an applied philosophy text would be more interesting. You know, something like Cosmo, or Weekly World News. I disagree; it might be self-promotion, but it still raises a good point. We just started using BaseCamp at my company a few months ago - I'm sure glad we just dove in and started using it instead of looking at lists of features and trying to figure out whether it would work for us and then committing to it once and forever and never looking back. Exactly. When I visit my friends, or go to parties or bars, I can be social, but I can't do it seven days in a row. If I don't get a few nights to myself per week, I get crazy and hate my life (and other people's, too.) I'd rephrase "There is no recorded way to solve your problem means that you can solve the problem any way you want." as "There is no recorded way to solve your problem means that you can fuck up the problem any wrong way you want." Actually, once I realized that I'll never remember their name anyway, I stopped fretting so much about trying to memorize their name, or what they look like, or pretty much anything else about them. If I never see them again anyway, who cares; and if I see them again enough times, that information will start to stick naturally. Well, it all depends on what you want them to use it for. I have zero interest in knowing when my friends are eating a sandwich, and sadly, that's the only types of updates 90% of them make. I wish I could convince them to get off Twitter. Other than that, the best way to show them the utility of Twitter, I would think, would be to show them people who use it well. Don't show them a stream of "eating sandwich", "that was a good sandwich", "going to the bathroom brb", "okay poop is coming out now" updates. I had it memorized to 20 digits after buying a book about Pi. After that, I think I got bored with the topic, but I still remember about that many. Lemme tell you how many girls this gets me at parties. Every spam account I've seen has had several hundred followers. Mostly other spambots, I'm sure, or other karma/attention-whores, but the point is that follower ratio isn't a very good metric. I don't really understand why that would carry any stigma. I mean, do we hate doctors who are only in the medical field because it pays well? I've started telling people I'm a database administrator just to pre-emptively ward off "will you check why my computer is so slow?" questions. Go man go! I think one fascinating aspect of this whole thing is that by creating tougher and tougher captchas, Google and the like are actually helping make great strides in the field of image recognition by forcing spammers to adapt. But you could still make it out, right? Are kids nowadays so bored that they would fill up a disk quota with fake accounts just for shits and giggles? I attribute mine to the fact that I haven't gotten laid in awhile. Ain't that the American dream? when you are shy it helps a lot when you think about everything you do in terms of "what would be the worst outcome of this if I screw up?" Sounds like a quick trip to panic attack city. "Alpha Male" would be a better term. It doesn't imply that you should be constantly trailed by a bunch of frat breauxs, but it does mean that you're capable of leadership. You almost certainly provided a guarantee. And global weather patterns are too complex to predict. some embedded controllers in racks in the auxilliary deisel generator control rooms have EPROMs which have been known to be erased by camera flashes in the past Am I the only one terrified of the fact that any part of a nuclear reactor can be tampered with by a flash of light? Anatel and the Navy, according to the article. Short list. I think I'd rather prevent an eight year war that's going nowhere and all the unnecessary death than comes with it, rather than elect an arbitrary minority who may not have been elected if his opponents weren't the worst possible option. Taking on a full-time job is a way to earn "extra" money? When I’m in the office, I sit near the break room, which makes it very easy to corner people I need to speak to about projects — they’re bound to make a coffee or eat lunch in there at some point. Thanks, dude. Because when I'm sitting there with my lunch and a book, that's my secret signal for "COME BOTHER ME ABOUT WORK." Wait, so it would be unethical for a human to bring a Neanderthal child to term, but if we cram it into a monkey, suddenly it's hunky dorey? Hey, metajokes ought to have all the same rights as jokes, even if they were born of a chimp! "Earth-like" is pushing it. It's not ridiculously bigger than the Earth, and it's probably made of rocks. It is an important discovery because it shows that we can discover planets that are approximately Earth sized, but put down your home-made space-suits, people. Seems like it would be more efficient to use a binary search algorithm; first flash the first half of the alphabet, then the second, using their method to detect which half the user is focusing on. In fact, I suppose you wouldn't even need to flash both halves; just flash the first half and see if the user's brain "twitched". Edit: bah, nevermind, I misunderstood how it worked. I guess I should watch the demo videos before mouthing off from now on. Like the ones he linked to? Myspace becomes slightly more usable if you're running Flashblock. So, presence of oxygen and methane aren't necessarily indicators of life because "that makes assumptions about what life is", but stating that life must result in a huge majority of specific-handed molecules doesn't? I'd say that hackers helped win WWII. Jamming radar, breaking codes, etc. What's a book? Yes, I'd much rather adopt a function... although I'd rather not pay more than $5 a month. Perhaps a function could be adopted by more than one person? First two people get to be parents, then after that your title would be grandparent, aunt, uncle, cousin, and what have you. I, for one, have a really bad memory. Photos help remind me of the places I've been, and bring up memories of being there. Plus, that way I can help share a part of my memory with others, at their leisure, instead of telling people about details of my trip a dozen times. One of the best and easiest things you can do to stay healthier is to buy your own ingredients and make your own food. And "potato chips" isn't an ingredient. I used windows for years to do the same thing. Now, when I'm at home, I'll hook up my mac to the monitor and hide half of my windows desktop because I'm much more productive here. We should compare notes. I bet we're both doing something wrong/stupid in our rejected OS's. And yet, it's depressingly relevant. I hate the technique of separating articles into pages on the web. Thank god we've moved past that awful age. The security issues mostly come from the community; PHP is branded as a language that's easy to learn, and in that same spirit, a lot of the examples offered by the manual and by people trying to teach others are horribly insecure. I think nearly every SQL example, for instance, totally ignores the concept of SQL injection. Do you remember what those are called? I don't remember reading either book, and I've read quite a lot of his writings. I, for one, am tremendously excited to see kids laying around on a couch and reading . Have we invented psychohistory yet? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychohistory_(fictional) // express agreement echo "I agree."; Depending on what you use twitter for, yes, it's etiquette, which basically means mutual masturbation. You follow them, they follow you, so both your counts go up and you get more "popular", which may matter if your account is basically just another PR angle, or if you're so self involved you believe the world is interested in you live-tweeting your lunch at McDonald's. I just mount everything via sshfs, and keep trucking with textmate. > 500 years: The outer shell of cellphones made of plastic still look like they were made a couple years ago. Then why does the one I bought four years ago look like crap? Damnit! What other species stores information? I always thought it was amusing that the 3 is right above the 3, and the 0 above the o. I've made a few "leet-speak" errors in the past just due to finger-slips. A bag of cereal costs $40? > If both people are online at the same time, a wave acts just like an instant message -- except that you see each character as it is typed, just like in subethaedit. Ah, back to the good ol' days of You are a fucking asshole^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^Hmistaken I didn't get that far, but I assumed that it surely would. Still, there will be many people who will be unaware of this, at least long enough to make an initial snafu. > Getting your Windows refund may take several hours of work, after which you'll get a small amount of money. I'd rather spend the time working and get a larger amount of money. The ratio is even worse on the internet in general. I'm thinking about canceling that, too. I'm confused about what happened. You accepted an unpaid internship position, provided something of value to the company, and are now upset that they will not pay you for your unpaid position? I can't imagine a meal being better than a weekend in Hawaii. Doesn't Flickr already allow you to limit who can view photos? Come to think of it, Facebook does too. I don't think it's too much to ask people that commit crimes to at least not litter the neighborhood with flyers. I received three of these from one client. I especially loved the warning that "You have to click!" Of course, I knew that I didn't have to do any such damned thing. But I wonder what threat Grandma imagined looming over her if she didn't click either of the options in the e-mail? I think we're allowed to express surprised at the fact that the girlfriend would put up with a relatively unaesthetic solution to this problem. Although I guess in the end they'll probably cover up the bare materials with something nice. Maybe a rug. There's a difference between the bare necessities we need and space we need to be happy and satisfied. Sure, I could live in a closet, but I'd be pretty damn miserable most of the time. (This is, of course, considering bachelor hackers. If you're living in a car, your priorities have to be rearranged and your happiness might have to be deferred for awhile.) Yeah, I thought the same thing. If you're living in a car, you probably can't afford to drop the British equivalent of $50k on a house - especially one that doesn't come with land. Yeah, I thought the same thing. If you're living in a car, you probably can't afford to drop the British equivalent of $50k on a house - especially one that doesn't come with land. Well, so long as you clearly mark something as being a store of data, a sufficiently advanced civilization would be able to figure things out. You could even place some dummy data before the main store, with redundant storage in another format - if you read ("decode") the data and it matches (like you suggest) something carved in a block of stone surrounding it, you know you have the process down, and you can go on and decode the main store. I also recommend studying hard and going on to high school, and then after that, college. It will, however, convince each and every student to buy their own printers. Now the IT support line will have to handle more calls, and more hunks of plastic will end up in the landfills in a few years. Right, but none of those things really affect the college's bottom line in any way. Students buying their own printers doesn't cost Unknown U any money, and the landfill issue is also not something that they're fiscally responsible for. As far as IT support lines, I don't remember my university's IT department supporting private purchases, with the exception of problems relating to connecting to the school-provided wireless connection. The problems you raise are real, but not relevant to the subject. I work for a web dev firm, and one of the features a client wants is a facebook-style "invite your friends by giving us your e-mail and password" feature. I'm trying to think of a nice way of convincing the client that the feature they want is really a psychological bug that's going to cause long-term problems for, well, everyone on the internet. I would be alright with that as well, if every piece of software I'd ever written was 100% bug free. I envy your perfect track record. I'm confused; so instead of using a cellphone he used an application that let him make and receive phone calls, but also allowed him to not pick up the phone and instead make the decision to call someone back based on the content of voicemail? Gee, I wish my cellphone could do that. I liked Merlin Mann's suggestion of "toot". Furthermore, my friends and I have started referring to direct messages as "queefs". I know it's unlikely that anyone here will miss this, but note http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=682896 - the website Twitter was concerned about was TweetKnot, which looks pretty much exactly like a Twitter knock-off, down to the graphics. That seems like an unwarranted assumption, but I'm going to be an optimist and agree with you. Correct. Well, you'll still need a Delorean. (Or a train, but I'm betting the Delorean would be cheaper.) > The database does not need round-the-clock availability (middle-of-the-night maintenance windows are no problem). Yeah, this is idiotic. This kind of thinking is why it sometimes took three days to register for classes in college, and why I couldn't check my account balance in the evening after I got home from work/class, why I sometimes couldn't search the library catalog... etc., etc. I can think of perhaps one of our clients who would be fine with their database being down for hours at a time at night. Maybe. That button isn't tiny, and is in fact very obtrusive. It makes creating designs and layouts hard enough as it is, and the file dialog isn't even used very often. I'm pretty sure you can implement something like this on the web with some simple javascript, dynamically changing the input type from "text" to "password" and vice versa. I think it's much harder to memorize a 16 digit number rather than a (usually) mnemonic password. And thus begins the network of the Qeng Ho. I'd be interested in getting more biometric feedback, including my food consumption - but it's a pain in the ass when you make something from whole ingredients, and then on top of that have to find out what fraction of the prepared meal you actually ate. If I make a stir fry, it would take me 20 minutes just to figure out how many calories I ate, much less other stats. Sell me a widget that'll somehow track if for me, and I;ll just give you my wallet. If the headlines is accurate, at least people are learning an important lesson - if you don't want anyone to read something, don't put it online. It wasn't open in the same sense as Twitter is - you could make your profile private, and only allow people who are your "friends" to view anything besides the very basic information. Of course, this lulled people into a false sense of security; Anna made her profile private to make sure that Bobby wouldn't read her diary, but her friend Cindy would just login and let Bobby read everything from her account. It does seem like something that only works once. As soon as a warrant is served and they stop updating the file, when can they start updating it again? When the warrant is made public? There were fades? I gave up when I realized I'd have to click "Next" 8 times. Hopefully at some point multiple people will be able to film clips, so you can kind of put together your own film with whichever amateur scenes you like best. > BMW and Lexus are also ripoffs by any objective standard. Very well said. I bought a mac laptop because I enjoy working on it much more than I do a windows PC; I didn't make the choice by comparing the prices of the components, or the relative value of the chemicals involved in assembling the thing. I didn't mind the user experience of XP; in fact, there are a lot of things I still prefer in Windows over OS X. However, the BSD back-end of OS X has completely sold me on mac laptops as a work machine forever. (I know I can install Cygwin, or switch to an actual linux desktop, but those are the things that feel clunky and glued together to me.) It would probably be easier and cheaper to make hardware for any given person to wear. It's not like they'd have a shortage of volunteers. There's hobo dumpster diving, and then there's grabbing a loaf of bread that was on a store shelf 5 minutes ago. I worked for a place where our boss quit with less than two weeks notice. At least he was still quite friendly to us, and would answer any questions we had over AIM. I know this is just me picking nits, but > Mark Montgomery, 53, was let go from an Owens Corning insulation factory in April and can't afford his $575 monthly mortgage payment. What, local WalMarts aren't hiring? Yeah, but your solution doesn't make money, and doesn't appeal to the average fat guy watching American Idol. "Percentage of chart which resembles Pac-man." Probably because the article was specifically about salting passwords, not alternative login solutions. If I wrote a blog entry about how to perform proper car maintenance to increase your gas mileage, I wouldn't put in a plug for selling your car and buying a motorcycle/bicycle. A dumb programmer is born every second; it never hurts to post a public reminder on how to do something. One paragraph break does not a reformatting make. Feels pretty good over here. I've read them all before, way back in high school. Then the site went down, and I've literally been waiting five years for it to come back up. Subjectively, I'd wager. I moved to America and went to elementary school. Total immersion is the fastest and best way to learn a language. Arguably, it's the only way you will ever be fluent. If you want to learn Spanish but can't move to a Spanish speaking country, see if you can find a local Spanish-speaking family to "foster" you - offer to pay them rent to live with them for awhile, on the condition that they only speak Spanish to/around you. Or imagine the FBI freezing your bank accounts. If there's a 10 day blackout, odds are you're not going to able to buy much, anyway; ditto for natural disasters - and you can usually drive far enough away to get money from a place with power. If your assets are locked, you're screwed no matter where you go. It would be even more effective if you rigged a dangerous current to the latch. Do muggers generally search their victims? I would imagine that they'd want to avoid getting too close, to avoid getting into an actual physical confrontation. I wonder if any families have joined forces and got houses together, instead of moving across the country to some dingy hell-hole, to live in their parents' basements. Considering that the guy eats donuts and drinks jugs of Pepsi, I think that spending $40/week wouldn't kill them. I always preferred "Erotically yours," in a business setting. Do you actually know Latin, or are you using a translation service? One of my signatures for the longest time was "Eta erat cuando hic adveni", which I believe means "It was like that when I got here", but I'd really like to get someone to verify that. (Someone who aced some difficult exam - GRE? GMAT? - proudly said they knew Latin, and were pretty stumped.) Sometimes the question isn't even "do we spend time and money to update our applications", because sometimes the code for the applications is long gone, along with the company that wrote it, and all they have left is the compiled code running on some server in a back closet. "What this effort will do, if it is successful, is defang ... all populations, overthrowing the protective effect individual firearms ownership, destroying the intent and effectiveness of the Second Amendment, and unbalancing the Constitution permanently through evolving technology which end-runs around the original intent of the Framers." Hasn't this already happened? Iraq very clearly demonstrates that a massive force will overrun you no matter how many arms your citizens possess. Citizens usually don't possess missiles, anti-tank weaponry, large-caliber arms, etc. You don't need significantly advanced technology; you just need slightly better weapons, and slightly more of them. The flipside, though, is that we could reinterpret software and hardware as arms; if robots are standing on the street corners, the ability to fight back electronically becomes the only option. The article didn't say there aren't any women. It just said they're not interested in us. I really wish there were. I paid $5 for Tetris, and I dislike it immensely, and wish I could get a refund. Oh, well. At least it's only $5. :P There is an upside to scumbags like this. The publicity will, hopefully, teach people to NEVER give their existing account information to another site. News like this spreads the lesson that you should never tell anyone your password, so I'm all for this being on top of every news aggregator out there. The whole online stuff? I actually make it a point to not hang out with people if they don't record my drunken shenanigans for posterity. Isn't the point of a self-reinforcing transaction that it doesn't need a third-party mediator? And Stephenson then went on to mention, through Randy and his uncle (or was it his father?) that the problem itself was incredibly difficult, and they were going to borrow some time on a huge machine to solve it. And then Randy cheated, anyway. Wouldn't the two people not cutting wait 'til the knife was in the middle, and then try to yell 'cut!' as fast as they could? First person to yell "cut" would get half of the cake, and the other two would get a quarter apiece... Cool, another thing I can ignore. It's the convenience fee! Isn't that convenient. Wow, incredibly unrealistic. I mean, where's the hundred "WHAT KIND OF DINOSAUR ARE YOU" quizzes? Where's the dozen invites to join a VAMPIREZ VS. WEREWOLFS app? I mean, come on guys. At least try. True, but I wish someone would write a guide for people like me to avoid conversation with strangers when I don't want to have one. If I'm in an elevator, what's the quickest way to make someone stop talking to me about my bike? If I'm waiting for a bus, what's the quickest way to get a stranger to stop talking to me about his life? If I'm reading a book, what's a polite and effective way of saying "Sorry if you're illiterate, but I actually do read for pleasure"? I wonder if CouchSurfing.com has any mechanism in place for removing users that are convicted of this type of activity. For that matter, can surfers leave comments about their hosts? Yeah, people thought that solving world problems were that easy? Really? "It's easy, I'll just write a perl script solving world hunger!" For that matter, why not work at home? When I worked at coffee shops a few days a week (or a month), I went specifically to get some new background noise and new background scenery. Although, I suppose a library offers even fewer distractions than home does, and you do have to wear pants. Little do your female friends know that the only reason that woman is with me is because I have the antidote. I download 99% of my music. While I'm not admitting to anything illegal or unethical, let's just say that my downloads don't exactly add anything to the statistics. The only time I actually buy CDs is at concerts, so I know the money stands a better chance of going straight to the artist, and so I can on occasion get a signature. I wonder if perhaps that's skewing the statistics. At least they learned from the heavily armored helicopter whose gigantic windshield was made of non-bulletproof glass. The building's maintenance department still hasn't fixed one of our office doors. The springs are broken, and it's a heavy glass door. It could break your hand or brain you pretty good if you're not aware that the spring is malfunctioning. It's been two months. And we're not even a gigantic corporation. Can't this problem be solved by looking at a photo of _why and comparing it with ? That valley just isn't quite canny enough yet. Though it's getting beter. Weird. When celebrities slipped up and let their private cellphone numbers get released on the internet, the cellphone industry didn't suffer from a massive backlash. My friends loathe the taste of onions. I consider them to be diseased. I can't remember the last time I used the paper. Wait, no, I cut out a few articles to put up on a board to help add some office ambiance to a movie set. I believe that in order to qualify for the seat, you have to make your reservations ahead of time. You don't just show up, then get your seat stolen out form under you, and return home in tears. Furthermore, you could apply this to virtually anything. Ever been to an all-you-can-eat buffet? Every shrimp you eat is a shrimp that some poor retiree won't get to eat. You monster. I wish the site were already up, with an RSS feed. I will not remember to check that domain in a week. Wait, is that sarcasm, or does it really load slowly for people? Nah, at the bottom should be "GUESS WHICH TARANTINO MOVIE CHARACTER YOU ARE!?" Interesting. Could you provide step by step directions on how to do this? I'm not really sure where to begin.