You need attorney generals, which generally run on shoestring budgets, to be willing to criminally prosecute millionaires and billionaires who are likely going to drag court out forever and most likely walk anyways. It's much easier to pop a couple of low level guys for possession to make your numbers look better. My understanding is that they collect scan copies of massive amounts of mail meta-data. Specifically the stuff on the envelope, but not the contents within. The contents within are highly protected and would require a warrant. The problem with e-mail is that it's really difficult to analyze the metadata without also capturing the e-mail content. I subscribe to Netflix, Hulu+, and Amazon Prime. I find I rarely ever watch video on Amazon. I value it primarily for the free shipping and the video service is a bonus. $120/yr is a LOT of shipping. Especially when you actually look at how Amazon Prime products are clearly priced to include the shipping fees compared to the non-Prime versions of the same product. Israeli security is based on profiling, but not racial or religious profiling. They profile primarily on the nations you have passport stamps for. If you've been in a country that is known to harbor and train terrorists, you're gonna get the microscope. I feel like this is healthy profiling. I traveled in mid-December (between the holiday peaks) and I was able to enjoy a new "expedited security process we're testing" that was essentially the old metal detector only screening. Can we agree that, to a certain extent, both are necessary? I can't speak to their corporate support but as a consumer I've had issues with two Nexus devices and called them for support. The first was fixed by a factory reset and the second meant I needed a RMA. Both times the person on the other end of the line somewhat immediately recognized that I didn't need to be instructed to "plug it in." They asked me what I'd done already and moved forwards from there without making me (pretend to) re-do steps I'd already taken. While it's pretty crappy that I've had issues out of the box with 2 out of my 4 Google devices, the tech support has been great. I think this is reasonable as bad guys might have multiple accounts per person. Or a single warrant might be issued for the contents of two conspiring bad guys. I'd only be concerned if it was a dramatic difference. Given that there was never more than 1k in a 6 month period I think it's safe to say that at least with respect to FISA requests to Google there isn't wide-spread broadly scoped requests. That stuff is done via other mechanisms apparently. If you're pushing anything close to real bandwidth you're probably getting an individually negotiated price that is not public. IMHO the re-think wasn't too far off. Microsoft's tablet OS is pretty nice. It was just late to the game and needs a stronger app ecosystem but they're working on that. The UI for Win8 desktop was DOA. They really over-shot there but have taken what I feel are appropriate steps to mitigate some of the damage and I think we'll see a nicer, better solution come Win9. Large corporations hold on to all sorts of assets as investments. This can range from stocks and bonds to real estate or intellectual property. This is very common. Tangentially related to this transaction you may or may not be aware that pretty much any company that funds its own insurance (most large companies) are required by law to hold investments that will help carry them over for any insurance claims. So there is some fund they hold that has stocks, bonds, etc. set aside so that they are covered for insurance claims. The same is true of pension funds. As someone that owns both an Android and iOS phone I think Apple has nicer form factor than the various Android options but Android has superior software. Here's my quick thoughts. iOS has caught up in a lot of the features it was missing early on (multi-tasking) but it still lacks widgets. It may not be for everyone, but I use two widgets on my desktop daily and Apple's answer to it in the notification center is bleh. I originally liked Apple's Passbook but Google's Wallet and Now surpass it in features and in some ways usability. By this I mean Google automatically creates cards for my packages from UPS without any effort for me at all. It also keeps track of my boarding passes, tickets, etc with no effort. Apple's solution requires (generally) that I open an e-mail attachment or something. Last but not least are the Google Apps, most notably Maps but it does include the others. iOS is made better by Google software and most iOS users I know use one or more Google apps. In a full Google platform though the integration is superior. Let's say I'm sitting at my desktop and search for a restaurant. The next time I open Google Now it'll have a card with that restaurant and allow me to navigate there in a single touch. It's important to note that it's the Java language, but not the Java bytecode or Java Virtual Machine that are used in Android. It could easily have been really any language that Google wished to provide a compiler for towards their custom bytecode/VM. It was somewhat arbitrarily the Java language but was a good business choice IMHO due to the prevalence of Java developers in the market. Secondly, there's nothing stopping you from writing your apps in C/C++ to get whatever sort of response you need. What happens if I sell you my phone and then brick it remotely? I have always argued that programming is not "intellectually difficult" (for me) but is rather "emotionally difficult" for a lot of the reasons mentioned in the blog post. I think you have made a very strong argument that the internet content is not particularly damaging. As you assert you can see some pretty horrific stuff and just move right along. Of course seeing a picture on the internet is different than real life. Seeing that stuff in real life would be seriously damaging. Seeing it on the internet is "meh." I'd also like to add that I don't believe I've ever personally seen pictures of mass graves anywhere other than conventional media, television and news magazines. Yes, everything is on the internet, but if you're not looking for it you're not generally going to find it. And if you're looking for it, you're likely not going to be seriously harmed by seeing it. In my own anecdotal experience I would say the team matters way more than the methodology. I've been on teams that could have been (and were) repeatedly successful on projects that ranged widely from strict agile to strict waterfall. Every single time that team pumped out good quality software reasonably on time. I've also been on teams that were not successful no matter what methodology they used. The team just wasn't cohesive, didn't have enough talent, and/or had poor leadership. I've never been on a team that didn't have some manner of unnecessary ritual put on them by the management or client. I agree with your comment, and I would additionally add that a good team can go with the flow and work well within the context of most silly rituals. The success of dieting programs is that people change their habits from unhealthy behaviors to healthy behaviors. The most successful ones are done in groups that offer emotional support in addition to health education. The point of these methodologies is to help replace unhealthy development behaviors with healthier ones and to use groups that offer reinforcement of the healthy behavior as part of the process. Of course, much like diets, not everyone is really going to "buy in" to the new "healthy" habits. They will drag their heels, whine, and generally continue their unhealthy behavior. And having a ringer like Chu from time to time gets you more press. So I would not be surprised if the occasional strategic player is intentionally selected. If I were anywhere near being the richest guy on the planet I would have a hard time caring whether or not I was taken out of context. In fact, I'd probably just say all sorts of awful stuff that people would find shocking. That's probably one of the many reasons I'm not one of the richest guys on the planet. In his AMA he contrasts his younger self from other young billionaires and millionaires by stating that they are often much more interested in "giving back" than he was until he was much older. He was a ruthless man who cared only for himself in his younger days and that led to some rather unethical business practices. It wasn't until much later that he chilled out and learned some compassion for the rest of the world. I was going to suggest this.. that people replace high fat foods with high carb foods which translate into gaining more weight. I've long said that fat doesn't make you fat, it clogs your arteries. Though the latter part of that is now up for debate based on more recent studies. You out-scienced me though. Your doctor is awesome. "The AAP recommends this, but only because it's trying to fight childhood obesity. Your kid is nowhere near obese so let's give her the best diet for her as an individual." There's a difference between "pretty" and "useful." IMHO the Yahoo Food site is pretty while sites like Reddit and Hackernews are useful. There's a place for both, and each will attract a different market and use case. I wanted to add, in addition to your comment, that it takes surprisingly little exercise to make a dramatic change in your over-all health levels. Blood pressure, cholesterol, etc. can be significantly affected without becoming a gym rat. 10 minutes here, 15 minutes there makes a huge difference. I had to re-read the OP because I originally read it as having never met an unemployed person that is curious about the world around them and makes a real attempt to learn how things work. I find very few adults still have that child-like curiosity about the world but the ones that do are generally very well employed. That's interesting and kinda funny since you still get the familiar clicking sound when your turn signal is on I can only assume that this sound is made artificially. It immediately reminded me of the fact that computer keyboards are naturally silent but they engineer in "clicky" sounds. This was very important in the old days when people were transitioning away from type writers and were accustomed to the audio feedback. Now we still have this, but keyboards are a lot quieter these days. I would argue: not for anyone under 30. These kids eat up social media like it's going out of style. More than likely the people in charge will not act pre-emptively by upgrading to IPv6 during the normal upgrade/replacement cycle of their network hardware. Instead, they will wait until there's a real crisis so they can ask the government to fund their next hardware upgrade. The best type of firearm to have for personal defense is the one you have on you, not in your gun safe. The 12-gauge is only beneficial if you're going to carry it with you from room to room, keeping it at your side at all times.. The time between hearing someone kick in your door to being on you is just a few seconds, there's no time to open a safe. So in this type of scenario the 12-gauge isn't bad, but I'd probably still prefer a pistol on an over the waist band or shoulder holster. When you don't need to conceal it's not that difficult to carry around a full sized pistol in any reasonable defense caliber. It appears that this guy is toting his shotgun with him though, so I guess there's that. Freedom! Google was clearly in the market for a phone OS. If they hadn't purchased Android they would've likely purchased something else. Android was likely not the only phone OS they looked at and may not have even been their first choice. That's just the way it goes sometimes, semi-random chance. According to the internet the slugs are mostly aluminum and/or copper. I'm sure it's more complex than that, but that's the ELI5 answer I guess. Well they've positioned themselves well for the IPO by doing the trademark grab recently. If courts continue to allow them to assert their dominance I think they'll continue to make decent money for a while. I would agree that they're not a long game investment but I think they'll make it over 5 years. Conversely: everything should be available over the counter. If someone wants to kill themselves by destroying their liver with acetaminophen, that's their business. I can't speak to the Valley or any other "top tier" places but I live in a 2nd tier technology city, Orlando. We are the simulation capital of the world, two full sized Lockheed Martin campuses, really any defense contractor name you can think of, some household brand video game companies, etc. Lots of action going on here. The unemployment rate for developers is under 2%. This means that not only do "above-average" developers have jobs, lots of really awful developers also have jobs. It's INCREDIBLY difficult to find talent with under 3-4% unemployment. Also, I'd assume no one is mass producing these rounds yet, so they're all small scale production which greatly increases the unit price. Once the military puts in the first order for a few million rounds the price will go down a lot. I'll try to explain it with simplified physics. Let's assume for a moment that the projectile is fired 50 ft off the surface at a speed of mach 8, or about 9k fps. If we assume no resistance vertical or horizontal at a 50ft drop the projectile is travelling downward at 55 fps by the time it hits the ground. As you can see, the horizontal velocity is still orders of magnitude greater than the vertical velocity. As you start to deal with curvature of the earth your drop distance will increase, but not enough to overcome the 9k fps in horizontal velocity any time soon. The horizon is 3 miles off, or 16k ft. Less than 2 seconds of travel time for our projectile. Of course, there's always going to be resistance, so at some distance the horizontal velocity line will cross paths with the vertical terminal velocity, but I doubt that happens at any practical firing distances. I wonder if anyone in NY, SF, or any other 1st tier developer city can comment on the local unemployment rate for either software devs or IT in general. Here in Orlando/Tampa it's been around 2% for YEARS. Living in a high cost of living area is a FANTASTIC way to get your retirement plans going. Putting 10% of your SF income into your 401k is way better than putting 10% of your Austin, TX salary into your 401k. So while you're young and single you bank away lots of cash. Then you move and start a family elsewhere and retire comfortably. The problem is that I don't think enough people life-hack in this way. Let's say in SF you get $150k and put 10% away with a 5% match. That's $22,500 per year you're socking away into your 401k. If you live in Orlando and you're making $90k/yr and put 10% away with a 5% match that's $13,500, a net loss of $9k every year in early retirement savings. After compound growth over 40 years of maturity that's going to be a TON of cash. As long as you don't plan on RETIRING in SF, you're much better off working there. I'll copy/pasta my response to someone else who made a similar response: Let's say in SF you get $150k and put 10% away with a 5% match. That's $22,500 per year you're socking away into your 401k. If you live in Orlando and you're making $90k/yr and put 10% away with a 5% match that's $13,500, a net loss of $9k every year in early retirement savings. After compound growth over 40 years of maturity that's going to be a TON of cash. As long as you don't plan on RETIRING in SF, you're much better off working there. I remember the XP start button being called childish because it utilized a color scheme straight out of the Playskool toy section. It wasn't the functionality of the start button at all. We had been happily using the start button since.. win95? People don't like any kind of change. My daughter has no reference about what is "normal" or how computer interfaces should look. She is quite happy with the win8 interface and took to it like a duck to water. I disagree. If a food charity enhanced their distribution system in a way that allowed them to feed an additional million people internationally I think we'd be just as interested in what they changed in order to meet their goals. We're interested in any significant success. As it stands though, for any for-profit company, money is the primary measure of success. If someone tells me to try out a new language I generally give it about 10-15 minutes. If I'm not running hello world by then I'm not interested in something I'd be taking a casual interest in. The only time I'm giving it more than 15 minutes is when I have a real business need for it or want to enhance my resume with something that has a lot of businesses seeking that skill. Python, for example, I was easily able to get up and running in under 15 minutes with a hello world and now I use it regularly for lots of little tasks. I can't be fussed to toy around something that takes too much work/infrastructure to get up and running. There's other options out there I can be more productive in faster. I would never consider being a teacher because of the assumption of men being pedophiles. Well, that and pay. In this case it's designed this way because the ATM vendor is not the same company as the bank that owns/runs the ATM. The bank will want to put different text depending on the locale, default language, their own bank marketing jargon, etc. This is a perfect example where design should come before copy. Money is relative. Education is one of the easiest 4 year degrees to get. The low pay for teachers is a myth compared to other jobs with similar qualifications. At least, the hourly rate isn't that bad. You get lots of holidays and summers off so your yearly wage looks bleh. It's still way less than what I make as an engineer, but I dare say most teachers could not get an engineering degree. In my neighborhood I can choose between them. I believe Brighthouse owns the lines, but I can get Comcast service over them. How many hours have you worked the last 3 weeks? Also, these phones have been in development for a while. If anything they took what they had and slapped the MSFT services on top. I would like to think that the business folks that purchased Blackberry devices for the security mechanisms would be interested in a device like this now that it's been made clear that Blackberry was compromised. Of course if someone really wants you, they're going to get your data. But a device like this might be (imho) a good solution for most business level data protection of the sort people thought they would be getting from Blackberry. If you read the article it's plain to see that the monopolies are enforced and encouraged by the currently existing regulations. There is no free market in ISPs in the US. Nice try hacker. He grew up on food stamps. He wasn't on them in his adult life. Going from being a kid whose parents received food stamps to a billionaire is an amazing example of social mobility that is definitely not the norm. The fact that he wasn't poor for his adult life is just one detail of the greater story. You're looking at it from the perspective of a person that can't really afford a Tesla. When you look at the world and say "What's the best bang for the $100k I'm going to spend on my next car?" then you may feel a Tesla is a good monetary value based on resale value or other factors even though it's not the most economical way you could transport yourself back and forth to work. If you were going to steal bitcoins in this manner you'd run them through a number of tumblers. Tumblers are essentially the laundering facility for bitcoins. Lots of coins from various locations come in, put into a pool, and then get sent back out. There's no way to track coins you receive back to a particular transaction. Since 6% of all bitcoins are stolen, more than likely anyone holding bitcoins has a good chance of holding some stolen ones. I went all the way through differential equations in engineering school and don't know how to do anything with matrices. shrug If I delete my wallet and all the backups, it might still be in the blockchain but it's effectively gone forever because it can never be spent. The fact that those private banks did not have their shareholders wiped out completely and no one went to jail are the problems I have with TARP. During the savings and loan crisis in the 80s there were a dozen task forces in the DOJ, over 1000 FBI agents were tasked with investigating the banks. It resulted in over 1,000 felony convictions. This financial crisis is significantly worse and we've had virtually no effort put into finding out the root causes. If nothing else we have internal e-mails from banks like Bank of America acknowledging that they knew they were selling junk bundled as AAA rated bonds which amounts to fraud. There's all sorts of evidence of collusion in the industry around getting those bond ratings and around selling them as something they were not. And that's just the stuff an armchair investigator can pull out of news articles over the years. Nothing compared to what a forensic accountant could determine. It's of course unrelated but when it was found that HSBC was found guilty of laundering money for drug lord the DOJ decided not to prosecute because doing so was a systemic risk. It doesn't take much to understand that there were no prosecutions from the banking crisis because of a fear of systemic risk. Most people just throw away those compostable paper filters and they wind up buried in an oxygen deprived environment where they will never biodegrade. I wonder which one compresses into smaller land fill space: the paper filter or the plastic k-cup. With the DMCA it is illegal for competitors to reverse engineer the DRM to produce compatible products. I want to take a step back here. Two things are fairly clear to me. The first is that there would've been a housing bubble with or without illegal activity. I think that's something we agree on. I personally feel the biggest contributing factors were the repeal of Glass-Steagall, as you mentioned, coupled with the need for the fed to keep interest rates too low for too long. They were low from the dotcom bust, but after 9/11 had to be extended to prop the economy back up. What's also clear to me, but perhaps not to you, is that there was also a lot of illegal activity going on by the banks that took advantage of what was going on in the industry. I mean seriously, there have been exactly 2 banker convictions since all this started going down. There should be more than 2 banker convictions just as a matter of course due to the statistical probability at any person might be committing a crime at a random time. That so much money was made under so many shady circumstances followed shortly by the open admission by the DOJ that they would not prosecute HSBC bankers due to systemic risk make it pretty clear that there was plenty for the feds to go after but they chose not to. My access to coffee is a human rights issue. The ability to use a printer is not. One million dollars in $100 bills is 10,000 bills. A bill is 0.010922 cm in thickness. That would be 109.2 cm. That would be a stack of bills just over 3 1/2 feet high if you made a single stack. You could probably fit a million bucks in a decent sized brief case and could definitely fit it inside a duffle bag. It doesn't take dump-trucks to steal a million bucks. This is somewhat mitigated with the Android Play store and the iTunes app store. I haven't used the Win8 store thing yet, but it should resolve these issues for most users. That's why even though I prefer an open ecosystem for my own devices I do appreciate the need for semi-closed ecosystems for non tech savvy users. I fail to see how 99% of USD, which are just records in a database, is different than bitcoins in that regard then. The failure I would argue is in the original analogy of taking physical money to begin with. First, your boss is a jerk and is obviously trying to get rid of you as others have stated. Secondly though, please consider that just because you're working 11 hours a day doesn't mean your boss/company considers you valuable. I've seen lots of cases where a guy works 10 hours a day but simply isn't a productive member of the team. Others work maybe 2-3 hours per day and are the most productive people around. I don't know you or your situation but it's entirely possible that your long work hours are just not being used effectively. In addition to finding a new job I would seriously suggest that you take a moment to reflect on how others (not just your boss) consider your value as a productive team member and be careful not to confuse the fact that someone at work might think you're an awesome guy personally with whether or not they think you're highly productive. Even if you're NOT productive, your boss is horrible and the company you work for is horrible so you should leave anyways. I hope it works out for you and you find better, happier employment in the future. In high school my calculus teacher was part of an experiment where they gave teachers the SAT. They gave the teachers the regular version of the SAT as a baseline and then gave the teachers a special version that contained only the answers choices in the multiple choice without the questions. Teachers essentially had to use their intuition about the types of answers the SAT looks for to take the test. The teachers each scored in the same approximate percentile as when they all received both the questions and answers. That is to say, the teachers that knew how to analyze the test itself (not the questions) scored better than those who didn't. Yes, correct. They scored in the same percentile, not the same nominal score. This was the most infuriating thing for me with my daughter. She was tested in kindergarten to read at a 3rd grade level. She also was beginning to learn multiplication, fractions, etc. I went to her school and asked her about special programs for her, potentially skipping grades, etc. Their response was essentially that in a couple years time the other kids would catch up. Well, of course the other kids will catch up, you're going to tie a big anchor to my daughter that she has to drag through a bunch of boring curriculum she already knows. Whether or not there is shame in getting help for your depression is cultural. Saying so on a hackernews post doesn't change the reality on the ground for any potential viewer in, for example, Japan or China. I do consulting work and here's what I do. Maintain high level skills in one or more of the most popular languages. This is easily found by doing searches for popular languages on any jobs site. Right now my bankable job skill is Java. There's a ton of work for it, it pays pretty good, and keeps me busy. I also pick up languages that I simply find interesting even though there may not be jobs for that skill. So I might pick up Scala, Ruby, etc. even though there's not currently jobs for those skills in my local area. And honestly at this point, if you pick Java or .NET and maintain your skillsets with new versions as the platforms advance, you could probably make an entire career out of those languages. There's so much code out there that you can be maintaining it for a lifetime without having to try hard. It may wind up being less interesting work decades from now when people are using the new whizbang, but there's always going to be work. You don't have to get them to delete it. Just defund them so they can't afford to do it in the future. The data will be worthless pretty quickly as it ages. It seems to me that they are sending out packets identifying themselves as facebook. If you're not using SSL this is expected to be possible. If you are using SSL to communicate with FB then it's likely that the NSA has the private keys for FB's SSL certificates. Luxembourg is a magnet because the UK government is stupid and creates taxes that are easily avoidable. IME great developers and great managers are attracted to each other. The few times I've been on great teams (I'm a developer) when the top one or two devs left, the team fell apart. Same thing happened on other teams when the great PM left. The talented people with career mobility know when they're put in a bad spot and have the ability to get out. Well, most dealerships are probably used car dealerships that almost certainly qualify as small businesses. Of course, that has little to do with our current conversation. I'm just feeling extra pedantic today. I'm not a novelist but I rather enjoy being able to annotate my work with the review features in Word. That's the primary benefit to me over a plain text editor. I would assume an author working with editors and such would find these features to be even more valuable. I think it's important to recognize that not all innate abilities are created equally. Innate intelligence will make you a social pariah but innate ability in a physical skill that results in you being an amazing basketball player will make you Michael Jordan. Actually, prison is exactly the type of place we invented for the sole purpose of putting people we find disagreeable. We create laws to attempt to define disagreeable behavior and intentionally keep them vague enough that if someone gets out of line we can lock them up. Did I miss something? The only thing he states he's actually learned from female founders so far is that women and men express confidence differently. I was hoping for more substance. He didn't even talk about how men and women express confidence differently. IMO the article was a waste. Our prisons are primarily filled with unpopular people. We tend to refer to them as minorities. Some specific examples off the top of my head of intentionally vague law is when there's purely subjective decisions as to whether a crime is just a "regular" crime or a "hate crime." There also seems to be a lot of ambiguity around what exactly constitutes copyright infringement or the legal vs illegal varieties of hacking. I worked for a company once that had a suggestion box. If you made a non-anonymous suggestion that wound up saving the company money you got 10% of the savings over 2 years. While I was there no one got rich off of it but a few people got some nice bonuses. I don't understand why more people don't do this. I've been coding in Java for over 10 years. If I ran across pretty much any project that wasn't including Apache commons I'd be startled. I get your point, but some libraries are in such common use that for all practical purposes I consider them part of the language API. To me I think he's clearly qualified to make all sorts of judgements about Perl. For opinions on Java, I'll look to people who have written well reviewed 500+ page books on Java. It's currently better than it has ever been with in the open source movement as it pertains to mainstream computing. Never before have so many consumers had so many devices with so much open software under the hood. Of course it may not be what you hoped for, but it's hard to argue it's not better than it was, say, in the 90s. Generally, yes. Short term capital gains are taxed at a higher rate than long term capital gains. Theoretically you could probably choose any arbitrary price on the day you "receive" the bitcoins.. which given the nature of bitcoin price fluctuations could be significant. The other side of the equation is that serif fonts are easier to read. What is the cost in time and/or productivity that a person might lose by utilizing a font that is less easy to read? You guys all seem so altruistic. I never focus on titles. I focus on maximizing my income to effort ratio with a side of trying to do work that interests me. If someone wants to pay me more and call me a junior developer with no responsibility? That'd be just fine by me. I just bought my daughter a Chromebook for her 7th birthday. I seriously doubt she's looking for anything unsavory at this age but I let her use it unsupervised and don't intend to start supervising her in the future. I have mixed feelings. I mean the entire game could be copied in 2 days? Sounds like a serious lack of content in your game. I do feel bad for them though, they might miss their chance to have the game of the month and sell for a billion bucks. >Sure, he might be innocent, but he really needs to put out a statement clarifying what his involvement was and what he knew. Why does he need to do that? What benefit will it be to him? If he said he was unaware of any underhandedness would you believe him? Do you think that if he was aware that he wouldn't have signed NDAs about these things? You get a lot more integration than you probably think with Google Now. It reads my e-mail to keep track of my upcoming flights and packages being delivered. It checks out my calendar and will conveniently provide directions to events on my schedule. There's not a great level of integration for the google chat and voice features yet, but it's coming I'm sure. If you're unfamiliar with Wu-Tang you may enjoy this video which is GZA rhyming about the big bang. Wu-Tang is pretty much the opposite of what the stereotype about rap culture is. They are intelligent and try to spread positivity in the world. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ajs48XRlOqc I wonder if you'll get to listen to their album on "Beats" by Dre. Yeah, I guess if you want 3rd party integration via an API you're probably looking for Apple's Passbook. It'll be interesting to see what MSFT does here and how long it'll take for all three to merge into a similar set of features. >It is a fallacy to believe that businesses operate efficiently simply because there is a profit motive. I think the purpose of this adage is that businesses operate more efficiently than government entities. Not with perfect efficiency. I wonder if 42PB of data would trigger a bandwidth cap on my T-Mobile unlimited 4G plan. Marc Andreessen is on the board of Facebook. My guess is he wants to pump it up and then get Facebook to buy them. That was sort of the joke, but T-Mobile has real unlimited with no throttling or caps. Startups are not (usually) engineering firms with super high quality requirements. My first job (still in college) was at a startup. I was the only developer under the CIO. It was a java webapp and both of us barely knew Java when we started. It worked pretty well, we had minimal serious quality issues compared to most companies I've worked at, we had zero unit tests and a shoe-string budget. That company is still going strong and has made millions off the project I started practically on my own over 10 years ago. When I went to that list I was specifically looking for underscore.js and date.js. Seeing a serious project that does not use these libraries makes me twitch. Yeah, underscore was there but date wasn't. I guess my point was that there wasn't a date.js or some reasonable equivalent time library because date/time programming sucks. I installed the servers in the rack at the data center, configured the load balancers, installed and configured the database with a hot backup and wrote 90%+ of the application code when we went live. You don't need people with all that much experience. I've been building mobile apps for about 2-3 years. The company I consult for builds iOS first... not because of any design/coding difficulty though. Not to beat this very dead horse anymore but iOS users pay more frequently... so we go iOS first to determine if it's even worth it to build for Android. A more "use-case" example than your other responses.. I believe Amazon uses a NoSQL database for their product data. It's tons of reads and relatively few writes. They don't give a crap about transaction quality for product descriptions, comments, etc. However, when you get to the checkout page and they start doing things like taking your money and updating their inventory... that's and ACID compliant database. When you're dealing with money you want transactions, rollbacks, etc. I feel like the word transients is too often used to refer to homeless people. My impression is that AirBnB caters primarily to upper middle class vacationers. Are they really a problem? This is a serious question as I've never had to deal with this sort of problem. MJOLNIR? lol, nice. It won't matter. The response will be, "Without releasing the source no one would've ever found the bug. Now think of how many bugs were found that haven't been responsibly disclosed!" Step 1: Go home Step 2: Work on something that interests me My home work environment is set up with minimal active distractions (no coworkers, no TV in sight, etc.). Working on something I'm interested in causes me to naturally ignore more passive distractions such as messing with my phone, doodling, etc. I've never gotten a signing bonus, and no one I know has gotten one since the 90s. I certainly wouldn't do it, even if it meant my job. My information has a cost. If you want to sit down with me and go line by line through my linked in network you'll have to pay me above and beyond my normal compensation just for the leads, more money if it results in a hire. That's basically what LinkedIn is about. You're not going to be going through my facebook for any price. That's akin to inviting over your friends for dinner as a guise for your new multi-level marketing scheme. Not happening. It's probably in location. I'm in Orlando which is a 2nd tier IT hub, not a 1st tier like the valley or NY. I was thinking the same, and I have the LG Nexus 5. Most current gen smart phones without contract are more like $600. The bigger problem is that with such a low quantity of these devices on the market it'll be hard to get accessories like waterproof cases and such. I'll probably still try to get one, but that's definitely a downside. The guy in the article mentioned his supplier of MDMA explicitly. I assume he has a different supplier for his different drugs. I don't make a distinction with regard to party size. If I want to go out, I go out whether I have someone with me or not. I don't understand why people are so hung up about it. I'll be just as happy going to a restaurant or movie alone as with friends. That's fine and all but I need to have something that can run in a browser and communicate over a serial port. My two options there are an IE plugin/extension/addon or a Java applet. Personally, I find that writing an addon in C# to run in IE is the nicest, cleanest solution even though I generally dislike IE as a browser. /your company's developer I'm a professional programmer that went to engineering school and I can't be fussed to start up hangouts with anyone. It seems like it takes a full 30 minutes to get everyone in the same hangout and I always feel like a buffoon for suggesting. Pardon the vagueness.. but, this use case was a hosted web app, so it only exists in a browser. Some customers required the use of driver's license scanners in order to expedite their business process. Not using Active-X or something like it would've meant writing a whole new fat client UI for the group of users that needed the DL scanners. The simpler solution is to write a little shim and have the native code populate the previously existing form fields. Aside from feeling a little bit dirty, it worked pretty well. Where I live I can pay a small premium to have my power generated by renewable sources. Electrons are fungible on the grid so I assume they have it worked out on the back-end of the provider just supplying X load to the grid. MIT offers degrees in gender studies, anthropology, theater, etc. Not everyone at MIT is a computer geek. I agree with you, but I don't see how it matters in this context. The GGP implied that MIT students who don't protect their bitcoins "deserve" to have them stolen. The assumption by the poster seemed to be that MIT students would necessarily be technically savvy enough to protect their bitcoins. That's definitely not necessarily true since there's plenty of non-technical majors offered at MIT. I keep my cash on hand folded up in a leather wrapper in my pocket. I recognize this isn't super-safe so I pay someone a small fee for the privilege of storing most of my money in a giant commercial vault and/or on computer systems protected by industry experts, tons of regulation, insurance, and a full faith backing by the United States federal government. I get this with practically no skill or know-how. In practice, it's really the only way reasonably convenient to store and manage my money. Nothing like this exists for bitcoins. The idea that a layman is going to reasonably protect their bitcoin assets is silly. I kind of like that things are standardized/regulated in the Java space. If you're using anything close to industry standard tools and methodologies I can come in and be an effective member of your team faster. I know it can sometimes be more exciting to build something in a way no one else has ever built it before, but it's usually a bad business decision to do so. This is one of the reasons why I still lament javascript. It seems like everyone and their mother is using a different framework to accomplish essentially the same task. The flavor of the week last exactly that long: a week. I'd be interested in knowing what Facebook's privacy policies are regarding private messages. Are they data mined? Did the congrats on the baby message result in baby related advertising? I prefer to go the opposite route. When any of my close friends is having a baby I sign up for all the baby clubs with approximately the same due date, then hand over all the free samples and good coupons to the real expectant parents. Some of our friends and family did this when my ex-wife and I were having our daughter, it saved us a bundle. I have always assumed that chat programs that interact directly with texting (google voice) are regulated by the telecom privacy laws. Can anyone answer definitively whether or not google voice messages can be mined? I've had employers make me sign contracts that strictly forbade moonlighting and anything I developed while employed there belonged to them. I no longer work there, and don't sign agreements like that anymore, but they exist and aren't terribly uncommon. The reason why index funds are better is because they're generally managed by a very simple computer algorithm which means very very low fees compared to actively managed funds. If you look over the lifetime of someone's 401k it's really shocking how much is eaten up in fees. Also, over long periods of time you're generally not going to beat the market. What you pointed out about the DJIA having lots of fluctuation, particularly during crashes, is why it's important to keep investing a little every paycheck. That way when stocks are low you're buying more shares. It's a sale! Poe's Law Well there ARE FCC restrictions on what frequencies you're allowed to transmit on. Most frequencies are "owned" by someone that has the right to transmit cell phone, radio, television, or other data across them. You may recall, for example, that there was a big bidding war several years ago when some of the old UHF bands were sold off. There are some open frequencies which you're allowed to broadcast without a license on, these are the ones that your cordless house phone and such will transmit on. Whether or not this is a legitimate reason for the closed source antenna code is beyond my scope of knowledge. After I uploaded my music collection to google music I've since bought 50 or so songs on the service. Before that I'd only purchased one CD from a local band in the last decade. So a good solid product at a reasonable price converted me. Class actions work well when a great number of people are harmed for a relatively small sum each. Let's say company XYZ screwed up something in their product that is worth about $100 damage per incident, but it impacts 250k customers. It's really not worth it for any one person to sue XYZ for $100. But with a class action at least XYZ will feel some pinch for their wrong-doing. Well, compared to the individual suing which would cost them potentially tens of thousands of dollars in lawyer fees for their $100 verdict, they did pretty darn well to get your coupon for a free frostie. All too often the person between me and the people who keep changing their minds are sales people who will tell the customer that everything is possible, and usually for free. To be honest most of the java code I write is just gluing a bunch of libraries together to accomplish the desired task. I read through a bunch of the comments and it seems like the author was a victim of her own attitude. She talks about how she intended to employ and empower women in her workplace. It sounds like she might have started with a pro-woman bias but it had the negative side effect of creating a more "casual" environment with the women than the men. The men continued to interact with her professionally but the women interacted more casually and therefore took feedback more personally. I've personally worked in a number of professional environments with men and women and never seen this from any woman that had any sort of professional job. I have seen it among low paid wage jobs, but no more often than the violent or other harassing outbursts from men in those types of jobs. TD? Technical Director? I had never considered that before but I presume you're onto something there. There's likely some commercial interest or government subsidy/tax implications that come into play as to why business and residential pay different rates for the same line. Can I send money from my credit card to my debit card? Because that's how you get frequent flier miles. Lots and lots of frequent flier miles. If Google et. al. can manually punish you, they should be able to manually un-punish you also. That this feature doesn't exist is a serious design flaw. A human being should always be able to look at a site and say, "Nope, you're good." and let you be ranked naturally again. Presumably by a mechanism similar to how they would decide which sites to manually look at when doing manual punishments. I've worked with women my whole life in tech. I sit right next to one currently and she's an awesome talent and from what I can tell is an equal member of the team. I do see some passive things like their opinions not being heard as much and I think that has almost as much to do with how they speak (not with confidence) as it does their gender. I try to make a point to listen more carefully and help promote the ideas of my female coworkers when they are good. I've never seen nor heard of any of the more overt things mentioned in the blog post like being groped or anything of the sort. Probably the worst I've heard is the guys lamenting that there are no women on the team and commenting that they can't find women interviewees that have the skills required for the type of project we were doing. Before Google started charging for its "Shopping" results you could use Google to effectively search ebay. Now, not so much. If I'm searching for someone, perhaps someone I'm starting a romantic relationship with, that horrible thing you were accused of 10 years ago is exactly the type of data I'm looking for. I haven't checked into it lately but Apple certainly used to ban any competing apps from its app store. So if you had an iTunes competitor, you weren't going to get it released for iOS. http://www.cnet.com/news/apple-blocks-competitive-products-f... Nearly every single woman I know google searches their dates to check for domestic violence or other problematic charges. Actually, my answer to "What tends to get mocked?" is quite different from yours. My answer is "Everything that is not what is currently being tested." So if I'm testing method Foo.bar, all of the method calls that leave Foo.bar are mocked. If Foo.bar calls A.b(), A will be mocked as its functionality is not currently under test. The only real exception is if A.b() is a trivial implementation and I don't already have A mocked for some other reason. If A.b() is a setter/getter, for example, I might not mock it. Tests are generally for making sure your code appropriately handles cases where Foo behaves a certain way. That could be returning a certain value or throwing an exception, whatever types of branches you might have. Foo's implementation doesn't matter, therefore it gets mocked. If Bar doesn't, for example, throw the same exceptions, you've changed your method behavior and it makes sense to also update your tests/mocks. Rather than have a different color code for each type of event, I have 3 different calendars on Google Calendars. One is my personal stuff. One is my ex-wife's work schedule, which is relevant because the third one is our daughter's schedule as she goes back and forth between us. I also have some calendars added that are managed externally such as a hockey team's game schedule, etc. Each calendar displays as a different color in the UI. Google Calendar may very well be a great solution for you. This is interesting I think... iPad: Kindle Fire, Nexus 7 Apple TV: Kindle Fire TV, Chromecast iTunes: Amazon Prime Streaming TV + now music, Google Play iPhone: Kindle Fire Phone, Nexus 4 I think they're all playing for the same territory. The big difference seems to be that Apple really only sells the technology. Google sells the technology so that they can sell advertising for third party products. Amazon has the only complete end to end solution where they sell you the products and advertise for their own "other stuff" they sell. IMHO Amazon is going to be the big winner in the long run. Whether or not that's good for all of us is yet to be determined. Google Goggles was always able to look at pictures of all sorts of things and provide you with more information about them, including but not limited to UPC codes, books, etc. The rub lies in the fact that Google wouldn't actually sell those third part products but Amazon more than likely does. I agree with you entirely on X-Ray. I don't have any Fire products personally but that's clearly a missing integration on the competing devices. X-ray is really cool. Imagine if you were watching a video on your iPad and decided you wanted to see more information about one of the actors on screen. With X-Ray you can click on their face and it'll automatically bring up their IMDB info. This is a really cool integration that is lacking in competing devices. I'm not saying things like that make up for the inferior app store, just that it's really cool. Google sells you a device so they can show you an ad encouraging you to buy a rake. In turn Google gets a sliver of the profits from selling a rake in the form of ad revenue. Amazon sells you a device so they can show you an ad encouraging you to buy a rake. Amazon sells you the rake, has it delivered in 2 days, and makes 100% of the profit. It's not that people will actively look for that integration, but that it exists gives Amazon a significant advantage imho. Amazon and Google both also sell apps, songs, books, and films. Apple's selection is larger, but they're all somewhat equal in the sense that they have similar offerings. Would you mind explaining preferences and ratchets? Nearly every place I've worked I've had two divergent messages come my way. The first is usually that I'm really productive, positive member of the team, and this shows up in reviews, promotions, etc. The other is that I just don't look like I give a shit about anything we're doing. The truth is that I honestly don't get emotionally invested in any of it. I'm emotionally invested in my career and love new technology, enjoy learning, etc. But if the proverbial shit hits the fan then it's a minor nuisance because I'll probably be working late for the night or for the next few weeks depending on how big of a problem has arisen. Maybe I'm doing something wrong but HN doesn't notify me when someone responds or something like other communication platforms do. If and when someone responds to a question on here I assume they are not ever going to check it again. I know I almost never do. The only exception is if there's sort of a conversation going on with responses every few minutes. Once it's been a few hours, or god forbid the next day, I'm highly unlikely to go back. Also, if it's a 1on1 discussion with someone via e-mail, skype, or some form of private message, I'll almost always say thank you. But if I put a question up on an open forum and one or more persons happen to respond I tend not to say thanks. I dunno why, it just doesn't seem to be common internet etiquette to do so. A quick google search on a couple big name technical help question sites shows that it's not very common for people to say thanks for open ended questions to the community. That's what I use, but I am generally only going to check responses on the most recently couple of posts. And I'm afraid the 2nd page suffers the same fate as Google results that are beyond the first page... never getting seen. I would suggest joining unions and encouraging others to join them. With all the nonsense coming out of Google, Microsoft and others regarding wage warfare against their own employees I'm shocked that developers haven't unionized. That's because people don't understand that publishers do a lot more than just "publish." They also provide editors, professional typescripting/page layout (whatever you call that), connect authors with artists for covers or other graphic work in/on the book itself, and marketing. Those are huge value ads that will continue to be important forever. I'd also like to point out that unions would likely offer much greater protection for the likes of Snowden. There would be viable paths to take within the union and would likely result in not having to run off to Russia. Honestly, it's hard to organize people for any type of movement that are in the top 10-20% of incomes in the country. Yes, we may all be getting screwed, but we're still making bank compared to most. Authors can buy those services directly but why bother trying to source and vet those things yourself? Some might, and I know the HN crowd is very much of the "I can do everything" mentality. But most people will be happy to pay an intermediary to do those things that are outside of their wheelhouse. It would be interesting to see an analysis of what the economic impact of these depressed wages has been. $3 Billion is probably not too far off the mark. Probably not $3 Billion directly to the programmers impacted, but definitely to the broader economy. In Java culture immutable generally means private final member with only a getter and no setter. I would argue that this is good OO design as the purpose of OO design is to protect your interface from future design changes. If you need to change your accessor, you already have one. If the member needs to be mutable at a later date you need only remove the final keyword and potentially add a setter. The interface remains backwards compatible. I think the large percentage of people that see Android as 2nd class don't know what an OS is, nor are they likely to become aware of this issue. Eventually it will just be a pair of contact lenses, or even an ocular implant. The argument is that the "status quo" of people randomly handing out food on occasion just reinforces the status quo. And I think we can all agree that the status quo is not so great. So, what types of things do you want to encourage? Well, we'd want to encourage homeless people to do things like get actual healthy meals that are appropriate for their medical needs, get involved in jobs programs, get health screenings, and have safer places to sleep at night. How do you get these things? Well, you do it by encouraging the homeless to get involved with institutions that provide these programs on a wide-scale basis. When you do that you get information about how effective or ineffective the programs are about improving the quality of lives of the homeless as well as potentially even moving them out of homelessness altogether. It would be nice if people could all be rational actors, have this explained to them, and when they see a homeless person they could perhaps direct them to the local facility that is best equipped to handle their specific needs. But you know what? Experience tells us that isn't going to happen. That's why the law gets involved and does things like make panhandling and giving out food in city parks illegal. You say you don't have all the answers, but what you are saying is that you do have an answer: the status quo. It may not be perfect but it definitely stands to reason that getting the homeless directly involved with professional organizations that intend to help them is likely going to be better for everyone in the long run than putting the homeless in the very precarious position of having to panhandle for money or food from complete strangers who generally will have no idea how to actually help homelessness. The issue is the realization that feeding the homeless in unstructured environments is a net negative. It makes people feel good because, "Look, I helped that guy eat today." But the reality is that guy could've likely eaten a meal more appropriate to his specific health needs in a location best suited to help him with medical aid, psychiatric help, and job skills/placement. So we have this terrible predicament where people feel good about something that actually hurts people because they don't know better. It would be nice if education programs worked and people wised up and stopped feeding the homeless randomly, but you know what? It just doesn't work. We've tried that. So now the law is involved. It may sound crazy, but we have to get people to stop hurting the homeless by encouraging terribly unsafe behaviors like panhandling. I'd settle for a fast enough internet connection and Netflix. I SHOULD have Gigabit to my house for cheap but.. reasons. I can only speak from my own perspective. I realized, that for me, I would always feel like someone was taking advantage of me. If it wasn't other developers, it was BAs/sales or even the management (or owner for small companies). The only way I got over it was to become a consultant. This allowed me to completely emotionally divest myself from stupid mistakes the company makes. I never have to think about how my review is horribly inaccurate, or anything else. I make my hourly wage, I do a good job, and people like it when I work for them. At the end of the day I go home and no one is calling me in the middle of the night to deal with issues. Everyone is different, so there's no telling what will make you happy, but for me, that changed my whole outlook on working and dramatically improved my emotional fitness. I live in Orlando, the city that got some infamy a number of years ago for banning the public unstructured feedings. I feel confident in saying that education seems to have failed, but banning seems to have been fairly successful at least with respect to curbing the behavior. So that leaves the question of whether or not it's a net negative. Panhandling is demonstrably dangerous, and an argument for unstructured feeding is an argument for the status quo. I can definitely say that the status quo is an abject failure. As for the structured efforts, those must be measured and improved on an individual basis. They certainly have their own issues, but at least in my city those structured feeding facilities also provide access and information on medical care, job placement, and other assistance that is relevant to the homeless population. Well, it literally cost a user nothing to create a new link to the same data. Meanwhile the copyright holder would have to submit a DMCA take down for every single link before a new link could be created. Also, MegaUpload changed their policy to only allow one request at a time. So you couldn't, for example, submit a list of the thousand links to your movie. You'd have to submit 1,000 DMCA take downs. I think it's pretty obvious they were doing everything in their power to drag their feet and facilitate copyright infringement. Dragging your feet is a crime if it's reasonable to believe that the purpose of dragging your feet is to facilitate crime. And I think anyone with a brain recognizes that's what was going on. No, google meaningfully acted to abide by the DMCA take downs and over time progressively improved its tooling to facilitate that. Mega did the exact opposite. Because it's not like fuel. Most people have a fairly inelastic demand for fuel. You kinda have to drive to work. You really don't need apps, and no one needs to make the apps. Running sales can increase consumer demand. Increasing the profit margins for developers could increase supply of quality apps, thereby increasing net revenues for Apple on a smaller cut of the pie. I rather like the current system for it's simplicity and while of course I'd like them to charge less I think their cut is reasonable. When I read "CURRENT" I assumed that was the label for the most current stable release. I would expect NIGHTLY or ALPHA/BETA for something that shouldn't be used for important things. I agree you should read and understand what you're downloading and running in production. And I'd like to think that if I were in a position such that I was making those decisions I'd not make the mistake of assuming CURRENT meant current stable release. I'm just saying, reading the post I originally had assumed that's what current meant. The 44 counts thing is kind of ludicrous unless he literally made 44 separate attempts at SQL injection at different times rather than 44 separate HTTP requests. Having said that, I think the punishment for "attempted hacking" should be fairly harsh in the way "attempted robbery" is. He was likely attempting to steal copies of information or perhaps even destroy information that could've cost thousands or perhaps even millions to recover depending on who he'd gone after. There are a number of passive things you can do to gain some trust in an online vendor. You can, for example, look for certifications from a service like SiteLock. To maintain the brick and mortar analogy, you wouldn't try to pick the locks of a storefront after hours just to determine whether or not you should do business with them. And if you get caught doing that, I dare say you deserve to be charged with a crime. Someone didn't just get bored and fill a form field with random garbage. We're talking about attempting a SQL injection attack which shows clear intent. There are ways to determine if a site is secure without attempting to gain unauthorized entry. You can look for third party certifications, a valid SSL certificate, etc. This is similar to the analogy of looking around at your bank to see they have a security person, locks, cameras, etc. protecting your safe deposit box. You don't go try to break into the bank to determine if it's reasonable to put your assets in the box there. I'm not saying that people never put random garbage in a form field. We're talking about a specific incident where a person apparently made at least 44 requests attempting to perform SQL injection. The intent of unauthorized access or destruction of information. When you get caught trying to pick the lock at your bank you can argue you weren't trying to exceed authorized bounds or cause harm all you want but I doubt it will get you very far. While I may have disagreed with you, I felt your original position was a reasonable one. Now you're attacking the straw man of someone being brought up on charges for an apostrophe in a form field. When that happens I'll gladly join you in declaring the ludicrousness of those charges. The remark about there being 44 instances was in direct reference to the idea that it could have just been random stuff put into form fields. I've already stated I think that being brought up on 44 counts is abuse and shouldn't have stood up in court. However, even if it's just 44 form fields that's far more than enough to show intent to perform SQL injection and not just an oopsie bad copy/paste or errant form entry. It seems clear that he was attempting to gain unauthorized access to information. What he intended to do with that information is irrelevant. While 3rd party certifications might not hold the vigor of FDIC insurance you are unlikely to put information on a website that is as valuable or irreplaceable as what you put into a safe deposit box. Most of time we're talking about a name, address, and potentially credit card information as the maximum damage possible. Well, your name and address are almost certainly already public record. Your credit card similarly has excellent protection and aside from some incredibly rare nightmares most people who have their CC info stolen are back to normal within a few days of calendar time and less than an hour of time actually spent dealing with the issue. If you're putting something more valuable on the website you're perfectly within reason to contact the vendor and request permission to perform a security analysis or have your own trusted security analysis vendor perform such tests. This happens all the time in business. You can feel assured that only people who are paid to tug on the levers or people who are breaking the law are the only people tugging the levers at every company you conduct business with. And the literal "tuggin on the lever" analogy is really poor. A closer analogy would be, "I know many locks are vulnerable to being opened with a specially crafted bump key. I will walk around the building after hours and attempt to use a bump key on all the doors to ensure it's safe to conduct business here." The word "SQL injection attack" has the word "attack" right there in the name. It's not innocuous. And there are plenty of places you can go where you're permitted to perform the types of analysis you're talking about without repercussions. If you want to be a locksmith you don't wander your neighborhood randomly attempting to break into houses as part of your training. And that's why we have DAs, grand juries, judges, and juries. If someone gets brought up on charges for literally putting an apostrophe in a form field on a website the system has failed because there's no clear intent to perform an attack of any kind in that case. When that happens, let's talk. I'm not out of my depth, this is what I do for a living. Verifying that a site is using valid SSL is one of the myriad of tools at your disposal to make sure a site is taking reasonable safety precautions with your data. That, accompanied by a third party trusted certification that indicates some basic penetration testing has been performed is reasonable protection for almost any data you'd be putting on the internet. Around here the only real exceptions to that rule are defense contractors. I believe there's something in their contracts with the government where they can charge more for people who have higher degrees, doesn't even matter what type of degree you have.