It's also an interactive proof, nobody can store this proof with the balls for other colour blind people to review later. You should be able to use LLVMs libc++ with GCC, just like you can currently use GNU libstdc++ with Clang. I work this out to be about 180 Mhash/J, which is 80-100x more energy efficient than any GPU mining. Also, for anyone wondering: At current difficulty and rate of exchange this will cost you Building any alternative data structure from an unsorted array will require O(n) time. If you only need to find something once, then a O(n) linear scan time is optimal. Would re-introducing a half-penny coin increase the money supply? No. Basically, as long as you maintain proportionality, you can re-denominate currency (or shares for that matter) at will. But what about a fair distribution of toppings? You're describing SRP. The problem, as always, is getting web browsers and web apps to support it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protoco... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TLS-SRP What!? No demoscene music in my ? I don't see that being a problem, provided everything he wrote is simply a matter of fact. Perhaps I'm an optimist. I find it interesting that Opera are trying to claw back revenue on old innovations while seemingly stagnating. The rendering engine they're dumping in favour of WebKit is fast and slick. The number of new user visible features and the rate of releases has seemed sluggish to me for what must be 4 or 5 years. Doesn't sharing a virtual memory context with the GPU increase the cost of context switching? Also, which CPU core shares context with the GPU? Or are we talking about a fixed mapping (like the kernel)? Aberdeen is an independent city council http://www.aberdeencity.gov.uk http://www.aberdeenshire.gov.uk/ Those of us in the UK who voted for AV+ because we saw it as a step toward proportional representation thought that too. Then the notion that it was a half-baked solution was used as a weapon by the "No" campaign, and now voting reform is off the table entirely for the foreseeable future. Your numbers assume TCP will always be the dominant connection-oriented protocol. Explicit numeric types. Integers in particular. NaCL still outperforms asm.js You're basically describing Piqi: http://piqi.org/ Some language features do preclude some optimizations. For example, once you have dynamic typing you'll typically need a butt load of engineering effort to generate the fastest possible numerical computation. Now that people seem to want to do everything from crypto to image processing in Javascript, projects like JägerMonkey, v8 (method JITs) and asm.js have cropped up that show this is still an unsolved problem in many respects. One could easily make the case that Javascript is, in fact, becoming less and less suitable for the web. Is the eSRAM really that expensive in $ terms? Yield issues? I understood that SRAM was only really 'expensive' in that it chews up masses of die space (which isn't a bad bet going forward because there'll inevitably be a new version at some point with a smaller process) Maybe they want to own it so they can get exclusive control over the ads. The platform really allows many of the kinds of ad revenues Youtube can generate, so could be a sweet deal for both content owners and Yahoo. Namecheap did $1 transfers for Black Friday, which is as good as a renewal if you're already with someone else. Exploiting these offers can save you big if you're like me and have dozens of domains. That said, I wouldn't transfer my most important domains away from NearlyFreeSpeech.net to save a lowsy $6-7. One of my favourite modern regex libraries for C++ is Boost.Xpressive, which allows for parsing context-free grammars using recursively nested rules. After fighting with Boost.Spirit (a more formal parser framework) for some time, I achieved what I wanted with Xpressive in a fraction of the time. From the manual: The theoretical computer scientists out there will correctly point out that a self-referential regular expression is not "regular", so in the strict sense, xpressive isn't really a regular expression engine at all. But as Larry Wall once said, "the term [regular expression] has grown with the capabilities of our pattern matching engines, so I'm not going to try to fight linguistic necessity here." The GNU C++ standard library still includes them as a non-standard extension. http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/latest-doxygen/a0006... You seem to know your shit. What resources do you follow to stay current with UK politics? Good distributed voting at scale is still an unsolved problem. Well, it is if you care about both the integrity of the vote and voter privacy. Pay someone enough and they'll come to you. Anyone who believes that a potential new partner with no reason to be loyal to you , and not held back by a confidentiality agreement, won't use your offer in negotiations with competitors is a fool. There were 150+ attendees, this was never going to be confidential. That said, CDBaby were foolish to think divulging these details wouldn't effect their potential business arrangement. They already do. Google have been publishing statistics and reports about this stuff for a while: https://www.google.com/transparencyreport/ None of this is relevant though. These are legal requests. The issue that people should remain focused on is whether or not the NSA has illegal , ongoing, unfettered access to wholesale data under PRISM or other programmes. Everybody here seems to be distracted. The law abiding requests disclosed here could still be served alongside a covert operation. This has no impact on the PRISM scandal. I was mostly referring to your initial post about Allegra Stratton and the various summaries of the MPs involved in this letter. I vaguely follow UK politics but being able to put news in to perspective, and recognise biases like this, is quite useful. It doesn't necessarily require a central bank, which everyone must be compelled to use, it just requires a banking system. If someone wishes to pay you, and happens to use a different bank to yourself, then your bank (whom you, admittedly, have to trust) can work on your behalf, directly with the sourcing bank, to claim the funds. There's quite good reason to trust in this system because our bank knows that the sourcing bank can identify double-spenders. The plus side of such a system is honest bank customers still get complete anonymity, even if the banks conspire against you. The downside is you can never know if your bank is conspiring against their customers as a whole i.e. by not operating in line with their inflation/reserve policy... which of course is one of Bitcoins best features. Please consider accepting payments in Bitcoin! Also, does "Wi-fi security" conflict with HTTPS Everywhere? The features seem to be analogous. All their costs are still in Sterling. It takes a long time to complete the circle and break dependence on a particular currency. Requires registration to download the paper... Mirror: http://tehlug.org/files/solove.pdf Yeah, good spot. An Incognito or Private window will also work. Assuming the RNG isn't duff, which PHP has stumbled on a few times in the past, with session keys and such. This is mindbogglingly bad. How did they manage to introduce a dependence on unauthenticated client-side state for such a critical operation in a relatively new feature? If they weren't willing to hit the database to recall the profile_id for the reset operation, it makes me wonder whether the confirmation codes are in fact deterministic, rather than randomly generated. > CppDB on the other hand is MIT or Boost. It is the best DB library I found so far for C++. Have you evaluated Code Synthesis's ODB? By Jove, you're right! Perhaps what we need is some kind of universal protocol for transferring files. We could call it the 'File Transfer Protocol' or something. > What happened to FTP anyway? It's too hard to set-up for casual file sharing (backup, docs, photos etc.), and it's less efficient and scalable than BitTorrent for wide file distribution (piracy). Perhaps with HTTP 2.0 and IPv6 looming though, we will see some progress on an FTP 2.0 that resolves the issues you mentioned. It's a good point I suppose. I've never had a need or urge to use a service like Dropbox to keep files in sync though. I prefer just to carry my working copies around, or use Google Docs. Maybe I'm missing out on seamless splendour, I don't know. I can't help thinking some of the pain could be resolved if we had a reliable datagram protocol between UDP and TCP. Delimiting a TCP stream to create a messaging protocol is already suboptimal and error prone, and it's the root cause of the head-of-line blocking problem experienced by HTTP ('fixed' in SPDY). Yes, because MS haven't implemented it. That's great, but it means it'll always be a userland library rather than a OS supported networking protocol... which means the API will never be a defacto standard akin to the BSD sockets API. The reference implementation is also in obtuse looking C++... which will hinder bindings to other languages. In short, don't expect to see this outside of Android or Chrome. On the plus side, this is exactly what UDP was for in the first place. So we can move from IPv4 to IPv6 but not introduce a new transport because of NAT? Hmm... SCTP is more modern and still under active development. RUDP only has a draft RFC and hasn't been updated since 1999. My ISPs modem has a built in NAT that can't be disabled, but it still passes all IPv4 packets through in DMZ mode, so there's hope. It didn't even work for me. Scrolling, clicking... nothing causes anything to change. The scrollbar in Chrome is missing. It'll be interesting to see who AMD and NVIDIA decide to jump on board with. I can't see NVIDIA supporting both Wayland and Mir. > I'm not sure any other audio company could make such a claim in the UK. Sennheiser? Personally I'd never heard of Bose until recently, when they started advertising in UK cinemas. But how can you be sure it's not just a very very good self-synchronising PRNG? f( , , ) = This almost makes no sense. Hidden Services exist to hide the location/identity of the server. You gain the same anonymity by visiting ddg.com via Tor. It's cool that they're running a relay though. Compressed swap looks interesting It's not the cost of the storage, it's how slow it to read and write to it. This is still going to be an order of magnitude faster than swapping to disk. In Perl wouldn't the /e modifier live outside the replacement string, as part of the literal regexp, and therefore out of harms way? The issue here is the "/e" modifier in PHP can be injected in to a context where the programmer didn't expect it. The preg_replace function should take the eval modifier as a flag parameter. Perl does have a ?{} eval expression, but it has to be enabled with an extra 'use' directive. The documentation also suggests enabling taint checking or "constrained evaluation within a Safe compartment". Contrast this to PHP, where /e appears to be on by default and there's no mention of it whatsoever in the documentation, except in the change log to say it's deprecated in 5.5. Also PCRE, which PHP uses, is a C library... so I doubt it has any eval functionality. PHP implements this on top of PCRE to mimic Perl. No I'm afraid it's another shoddy PHP design decision to blame here. Eh, the clients anonymity is protected when they use a Tor exit node via a normal Tor session to ddg.com as well. You're right, connections to Tor hidden nodes are encrypted end-to-end ...but so are SSL sessions over Tor e.g. https://ddg.com > Cute rant. It wasn't a rant. > But PHP uses /e in exactly the same way: The /e is part of the literal regexp. PHP doesn't have literal regexps as part of the language. The regexps in PHP are string arguments to the preg_* family of functions. Perl has literal regexps. e.g. $var =~ s/$pattern/$replacement/e. If you inject "/e" in to $replacement variable, what happens? I don't know, my Perl is rusty, but I'm thinking that that would be either an unevaluated context, or a syntax error. > No, /e is not enabled by default. Only as of 5.5. That doesn't make the decision to enable it by default in the past excusable. > pcre_callout() This doesn't look like it has anything to do with /e or code evaluation. It's a callback mechanism that users of the library can use. How it's used is irrelevant, the topic at hand is PHPs behaviour. > To anyone reading this: Don't use /e with untrusted input, it's not safe. You missed the point. Programmers can use preg_replace poorly and not know that /e even exists. That was one point in the article: that this little function has a surprising and potentially dangerous feature. Just saying "oh well, don't use untrusted input" is naive. > Android: slurping phone numbers, texting behind the scenes on your behalf, etc... Debatable. If you install something like Permissions Explorer you can see which apps access your contacts and/or texts. It's generally a small list. And the Google sync features can be disabled. Not really. You can't dynamic_cast across across protected or private inheritance boundaries, even if the function attempting it is a friend. As long as your public inheritance hierarchy maintains your contract (and they should) you're fine. dynamic_cast downcasts in C++ only work across public inheritance. In particular a object that inheritance a Closable interface privately and a Reader interface publicly wouldn't allow a cross cast. dynamic_cast isn't a loophole in the type system, it's there to strengthen it. Well protected is the default. I was under the impression police were moving to digital, encrypted broadcasts. Because it's aimed at business, not families. Fastmail have a family service that is much more flexible imho. The problem is trying to get family to actually pay for email. Some people won't pay $50/year/user for email, I know my parents won't. I had a hell of a time even getting them to move away from ISP provided mail to GApps. Neither of them have managed to use more than 300MB in 3-4 years. In any case, an account with 8 GB of email storage and 6 GB of file storage (Family account), or 10+2GB (personal account) is still cheaper than Googles 'one plan' service. Google just aren't interested in marketing GApps to enthusiasts and families. You're naive if you think hosting in Europe means you're necessarily any safer. They were responding to Gmail, by working on a more modern AJAXy web interface, even before Opera bought them. I remember being concerned about the buyout, but it seems it's been nothing but good for them. Opera are a great company. Now let's talk about how half the higher layer protocols in the world that use TCP should probably be using a reliable datagram protocol... This is perfect. I have a $4 VPS in the States that is crapping out with 50% packet loss in the evenings... and that only has 500GB tranny, 20GB disk and 256 MiB RAM. The general terms of conditions explicitly mention seedbox's. [7.2] "The bandwidth is no longer guaranteed when the server or servers are used for the following activities: ... Server(s) used for downloading and sending files on peer to peer networks (including but not limited to: seedbox)" > This is not surveillance, it's out right censorship. Of course it's surveillance, you think this system doesn't log hits? At this point you have to expect a database query can return what porn sites you're visiting and when. So, do you think your visitors have a problem with Google knowing about every visit to your site? Better to switch to authentication protocols where the server never sees your password. Anyone know if Tim Berners-Lee has come out to say anything about this? I believe he's expressed views in favour of net neutrality and against censorship in the past. With his participation in the Olympic ceremony perhaps, if he were to get in the news, the public would pay some attention. > the responsible thing to do is to at least give your users the option of opting out of such tracking by third-parties Reddit do this. You can choose to load their js from their own servers rather than a CDN. The non-webdev part of me is rather depressed that we've resorted to storing N typically homogeneous records in a way which results in the serialization of field names N times. Wouldn't it be nicer to make the default format an object of arrays rather than an array of objects? In before "but gzip!" Above and beyond the obvious moral debate over whether or not a filtering option should be offered, whether it can be effective, or whether it should be opt-in or opt-out, a number of practical things worry me about having any such architecture in place: 1. Once you classify web activity it becomes more economical, and arguably even justified in order to carry the cost of maintaining the filter, to make the move to offering a tiered internet service (i.e. having to pay more for access to porn) 2. Not everyone in a household may have the same preferences, so you'll inevitably want to to start tracking web activity on a per-person basis 3. Your preferences will be kept by your ISP, probably their partners, and definitely made available to authorities on-demand. "The defendant opted-in to viewing violent pornography Your Honour". 4. To simplify the design the system will most likely require that all 'hits' in any given category be routed to a web proxy system, even while you're opted-out. You can bet that this will be logged meticulously by someone. Hell, some ISPs may even be brazen enough to offer the 'feature' of alerting parents to their kids activities. So it's potentially, "The defendant opted-in to viewing violent pornography Your Honour, and did so on a regular basis." 5. Massive potential impact to the robustness and performance of the web. More middle-boxes. Less flexibility to replace protocols, even HTTP 2.0, in the future. On the plus side, their proxy resolves to about 15 highly diverse IPs, including IPv6 ( cough IPv6 tunnel). There's only one proxy, at the top. The list contains blocked hosts to use it with. > It's weird that there is so much kerfuffle about governments slurping data when services like these pop-up and offer proxies It's not 'weird'. This is a battle of privacy for law abiding adults. Most of public can't even establish that blocking porn requires a system of such depth that it will infringe on their private life, let alone have the know-how to seek or set up these proxies. They could certainly inspect 6in4 traffic, but at the moment major UK ISPs aren't even offering native IPv6, so doing so would be fairly tenuous. Cleanfeed (the UKs child porn filter) is supposed to be IP blocking/NAT based, coupled with web proxies. Given the scope of the filtering this time around though, it may be done by DNS. Let's hope so. It's not just exit nodes that you are forbidden from running. It seems any participation in the Tor network is banned, whether it be a relay, or a personal bridge in to the network. As pointed out by est, you can snoop on SSL certificates passing over the wire and drop connections containing canonical names you don't like, or signed by CAs you don't like. You can also drop and throttle HTTPS connections without effecting genuine use, while completely buggering up P2P and other bulky uses. I'm in the same boat, but the Kimsufi server setup time has said "1 - 10 days" for a while. None of the nefarious services and use cases you list require the presence of exit nodes. Silk Road, for instance, is a hidden service. Obviously I don't know about the rest, but you'd have to pretty stupid to put such things on the public internet. The only people who suffer from the loss of Tor exit nodes are the 'more genuine' or 'more worthy' users who need to use it to escape oppression, or state monitoring. In theory you could run an exit node with a locked down exit policy, e.g. limited to web traffic which is routed through an IWF compliant proxy, disallow HTTPS and/or payment processing sites, add an HTTP header for reporting abuse/requesting blocks, etc. So migrate? Hash the hashes with Bcrypt or PBKDF2. Bcrypt(MD5(password)) is just as effective as Bcrypt(password) at knocking brute force attempts on the head. It's used in Bitcoin as well (after SHA-2) to shorten up addresses. Come to think of it, I think Tor uses it for .onion addresses... which they shorten to 80 bits (of preimage resistance!) Actually TCP is a problem for IRC because there's no (standard) way to query how much data has been received (well, acknowledged) by the other end. This is why if you're unexpectedly disconnected from an IRC bouncer while in a busy channel, the replay can still be incomplete. Lag is also a pig sometimes. Datagram protocols are just more natural for message-oriented communication. QUIC lives on top of UDP. If we reinvent TCP on top of UDP we may as well just throw in the towel on IPv6 and embrace IPv4 + NAT. Why bother trying to fix layer 2 when we're content to fuck shit up on the higher layers for the sake of back compat? IPv6 is our chance to bring back end-to-end networking with stateless routers. Just side load it. You can download the official OTA ZIP which won't factory reset the device. You don't need any 3rd party mods for this because the ZIP is signed by Google. http://www.droid-life.com/2013/07/25/android-4-3-update/ I rather preferred the aesthetic of "guardian.co.uk" to "theguardian.com". The "theguardian" logo is rather fugly. It also seems a bit premature, why not wait for guardian.news? > I have always disliked the fact that UK TLD disallows use of .uk, Nominet have already floated the idea of opening up .UK for top level registration [1]. It wouldn't surprise me at all if they try and milk the market for topical 2LDs either. I actually think it's a bad idea. Keeping a ccTLDs level reserved seems sensible to me. For instance, only UK Limited companies are allowed to register .ltd.uk domains. [1] http://www.nominet.org.uk/how-participate/policy-development... It doesn't matter. The old domain issues a HTTP redirect, so it's effectively dead from a marketing perspective. Probably GeoIP. Visiting bbc.co.uk from abroad always weirds me out because of the ads, restricted content and international centricity. What I meant by "marketing" was the .uk domain is no longer visible to visitors. I don't care about SEO. > The idea to use the top level was rejected, thankfully. It's still on their homepage (pink "Consultation" box) and the wording is "revised proposals". Worryingly they're also looking at introducing residency checks for individual registrations. But... http://www.gupuds.com/ Right, but you can still perform the migration I suggested and flag accounts for a password reset on next login. 256B is quite large for sure, but what about going for 2 nibble lookups in a 16 byte table? Or a 2 bit swap and a 6 bit lookup in a 64B table? (current x86-64 CPUs typically have 64B L1 cache lines?) Instead of the useless EU cookie legislation, we should have had legislation that enshrined explicit privacy preferences in to data protection law. When I signup to a website I'm expected to agree to their Privacy Policy. Both site owner and visitor expect that policy, provided that it's legal, to be somewhat enforceable in court. When I'm just visiting, why is there no such equivalent? The problem with DNT isn't that it can be ignored, it's that it can be ignored without penalty. People who think purely technical solutions (including Ghostery, NoScript, Adblock etc.) are the answer are ignoring the reality of how easy it is to fingerprint and track users on the web. > Should I provide an "opt-out" of all advertising for people who just don't like looking at ads? This isn't about advertising, it's about ad networks tracking users. You could serve ads from your own domain/server and disclose everything you record and share in your privacy policy? https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/169486816475808 https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/329543470461085 because when you're on $150K, and enjoy your work, you won't jump ship to work with a dinosaur like Yahoo just for a pay rise? Well... we have Ethernet over power line, so why not USB? ;) Ordered one on the 25th, which hasn't made an appearance yet, but I messaged them a few days about it and had a reply within the hour. I went through the control panel, not by email. Pretty much the expected reply: exceptionally high demand, 1-10 day wait, blah blah. Incidentally, I think you're only allowed a maximum of 3 personal Kimsufi servers, so perhaps they cancelled yours because it would bring you up to 4? Btw, I didn't pay via PayPal. While it's true that Mozilla can't maintain a list of what services their users are using, there are still security implications to using Persona. Mozilla (or anyone who with their private key) can still enable access any user account on any Persona enabled site. Persona is perfect for blogs, but using it for a service people may be paying for, or handles any private user information (postal address, private messages or posts on a forum etc) is a bad idea. My order from the 26th is finally showing on the invoice (the link to which you get by email) as installed in "Western Europe Datacenter (GRA)". Just waiting for the OS install ("To do"). For £3/mo you can't really complain. Pushing 30,000 cheap-as-chips servers online with next to no support is a really interesting business model. > The forum they run is pretty angry. I don't think I've ever seen a web service community forum that wasn't angry. I don't think it's fair to call C++s type system 'brain-dead' when it was developed pragmatically to be largely source compatible with C. It introduced stronger array types, eliminated Cs automatic void* -> T* conversion and, most importantly, put higher-order functions and types on the table. It might be a warty syntactical abomination, but it can still hold its own against some of the languages of type extremism. void* is used in practically every C library that offers a callback facility. So, basically, ditch CAs and put ultimate trust in the DNSSEC root? Subscribe to LWN.net. It's full of high quality technical content like this on a regular basis and it's cheap. Content is available for free after a week or so, but if you're genuinely interested in this stuff the headlines will sit there teasing you and you'll want to subscribe. Java has a granular, stable and simple byte code, Python does not. Java is amenable to static analysis, mainline Python isn't. Dynamic typing means more runtime, burns more battery. Java also allowed them to leverage a mature and highly optimized frontend. Back in 2008, Psyco/PyPy was there... but fairly wet. Until recently(?) the primary JIT back-end for PyPy was, in fact, still the JVM. You're correct, I was muddling up the projects (I really don't use or have an interest in Python) I thought RPython was only translated to C and compiled ahead-of-time. > C++ - a language not even particularly widely used elsewhere in Apple. Isn't this why Objective-C++ is a thing? Time to play 'privacy theater‎'? Yes, because the "all-knowing Philosopher King" theory works out so well for the religions of the world, where no single person or group of people can radically change how it affects it's citizens, and everything is reformed at a blistering pace. KDE: http://i.imgur.com/TIxP1h2.png How about talking to the Linux Mint guys about it? Another interesting thing about DSA is that the signatures allow for public key recovery i.e. given a signed message, you can (usually within 1 or 2 possibilities) determine the public key of the signer. It's a bit like a handwritten signature where everybody can read your name amongst the scrawl. Most of the time this property is useless, because you want to verify the signature against a known-good key, but it does also mean you're probably not going to want to use DSA to pass signed covert messages. Schnorr signatures actually have a simpler, and I think more intuitive, construction and don't have this property. They also don't require collision resistant hashes. Yes, Bitcoin is one exception because of the digested addresses, but if I'm up to date it's not currently used on the network. There's no opcode in the transaction script to perform recovery, so currently you can't reduce transaction size by omitting public keys. I suppose the primary advantage in Bitcoin is the reduced storage space. If this video was made today it'd be filled with nonsense about Facebook and Twitter. Wikipedia might feature, but I figure email would be a footnote. Impressive, how long did it take you and what were your motivations, if any, beyond fun and learning? Since when did Google start pushing their projects to Github instead of Google Code? Does dogfooding not apply to the big G? Most commercial GPL software outfits make their money by dual-licensing, or charging for support or bespoke add-ons. Nonsense. Just putting GCC source code in to the BSD repository wouldn't magically spread the requirement that the entire project become GPL any more than keeping a copy on my hard drive requires I give the FSF the complete contents of my /home directory. What matters is the dependency/linkage. The GCC 'runtime library exception' firewalls all 'target code' from the GPLv3, and even allows proprietary preprocessors, linkers and assemblers (but nothing that would involve modifying GCC to split what it does in to more granular stages) Most of the ugliness in stdlibc++ comes from the ugly ass naming conventions that are (or were) inherited to prevent conflicts. The quality of implementation in the STL is fairly high, if a bit old. That's because exceptions aren't supposed to be 'handled'. Usually you only catch an exception while you do some cleanup, maybe print some information from it, assuming you even know what you caught, then rethrow. http://andrewkelley.me/post/not-a-js-developer.html Exactly, no harm was intended or done. Somebody posting on your wall doesn't even really impinge on your privacy (Hell, for all intents and purposes Facebook do it for profit). Whatever reward, perhaps reasonably reduced, they pay this guy will be cheaper than any bitterness earned from sitting behind a wall of pedantry with big fat righteous grins on their faces. If they bothered to look at his profile (it's public), they'd see he looks to be a great fan and tinkerer on the Facebook platform. The true intention of the spec is academic at this point. There are millions upon millions of devices out there with one interpretation and they're not changing. Linux can either increase the grace period or be tarnished as having bad USB suspend. > I would much rather see a model where features from the professional edition propagate to the open one after authors earn enough from subscriptions. This wouldn't work. Paying corporations tend to be fairly conservative on the features they use, so it's not necessarily the new features that people are willing to pay for. $300/hr also buys a lot of $5 wrenches. > It seems that if you accept the façade that says "x86 is x86" you're better off writing in C Sure... but also remember that most C code ends up having to be compiled for the lowest common denominator. All your x86 Linux distro binaries for instance will be compiled for 'generic' x86-64, i.e. something compatible with the 10 year old AMD64 3000+. Ok, well you say... we can just turn on arch specific compiler options: -msse4.2 -march=core2 etc, and this is true, but there's still less incentive for compiler programmers to produce wonderful transforms and optimisations utilising SSE 4.2 and AVX2, or a very specific target pipeline/behaviour, than there is for generic optimisations that can be applied across platforms or processor families. In fact a lot of SSE code generated by compilers is fairly rudimentary even with these options. Part of the 'problem' really is we have this model where x86 CPUs are being engineered with additional complexity to run old code faster, even though a lot of that old code generally doesn't need that performance. You only have to look at some of the other architectures to see some interesting approaches that x86 has ignored. Perhaps we need to be more of the mindset that recompiling code when moving from AMD64 to Core2 is as obvious as recompiling it when moving from ARM to x86. Nothing stopping you encrypting your stuff before you put it in to the database. The article doesn't mention IPv6 where things can be a bit more tricky. The Android clients don't let you use TAP (layer 2 tunneling), so if you're going to be accessing your VPN from an Android device you'll have to configure IPv6 NAT, or hack around with scripts to add IPv6 addresses dynamically. You can do this without IPtables, just make wlan0/eth0 the host route for $server and then make the default gateway the tunnel interface. Decent OpenVPN clients do this by default. Note that the Functional course is a recommended prerequisite for the Reactive one and the former runs again at the beginning of September, meaning you can do both in sequence. How would setting the registrar lock have helped in this case? The registrar lock can be unlocked by the current registrar... which was the target in this case. It's good advice, but seems kind of irrelevant. > It's worth noting that while some of Twitter's utility domains were redirected, Twitter.com was not -- and Twitter.com has a registry lock in place. > we decided to test BSON and MessagePack due to their closeness to JSON Then I'm surprised you overlooked Thrift so quickly given that it has several binary and a JSON encoding. There's also an official Go implementation in tree, and you get the comfort of a protobuf-like schema format (which with code-gen means you don't have to rewrite a bunch of code if you want to use it across languages). Other nice options: Apache Avro (no code gen, json schemas, very dense encoding) and Cap'n Proto The W3C have a draft API for hosted JavaScript cryptography: http://www.w3.org/TR/WebCryptoAPI/ Netflix, of all people, have implemented a flavour of this at least once for Chrome: https://github.com/Netflix/NfWebCrypto It seems unlikely that a document produced to justify funding would ever offer up anything which could give anyone a moments pause before the nodding gesture sought. After all, it would be fairly damning if the NSA were defending a high crypto budget by filling the document with hyperbole, just as it would be a trifle suspicious if they suddenly cut the department to a couple of well fed nerds and a years supply of sharp pencils and Mountain Dew. The meagre sentences in this document seem to sit in the bureaucratic sweet spot of positive but vague. Fortunately, for many of us, signing for packages is probably the only frequent use of our scrawl so hopefully the potential for fraud from this hack is lessened. I think a scarier prospect is that signature recognition may make it possible for someone to search for all the packages you've ever signed-for, regardless of the courier or location at which you accepted it. I'd be surprised if couriers weren't already doing this in collaboration with law enforcement. Couldn't agree more. The video shown reminds me of the educational videos they used to show on the BBC in the early hours of the morning in the 90s so teachers could record them for classes... just mind numbing. I think we've learnt now that it's ok for education to be engaging. I think c10r is probably just c-ten-r => center This didn't need proving. They send you JavaScript code, which you trust to encrypt your files. Without a built-in, well-audited, static browser mechanism no web service can ever be trusted with confidential data . If the Feds decide to raid MEGA again they can simply modify their server side script to recognise your IP and serve you bad JavaScript from the MEGA domain, revealing your keys the next time you login. Nobody would be any the wiser. Personally I'm waiting for JS crypto to take off big time and idiots to start using it from a CDN. Meh. Should every site using HTTPS make it clear that hundreds of CAs whom you've never heard of have the capability to perform a MITM? At least with MEGA you know the security framework is something they've engineered themselves, so you know you have to trust them. With SSL/TLS you're deferring to authority simply because it's convenient. You're right, this just highlights the nature of the site in a very effective way. The message here is nobody should be surprised. Hmm, good point. I guess it's a shame we can't pass TLS connection state between processes as easily as socket handles? At least they never got their paws on Qt. It doesn't matter either way. If you wish to account for leap seconds then the device that creates the timestamp needs access to that very same database. The advantage of ignoring leap-seconds on the recorder is you can map any sufficiently precise monotonic clock to UNIX time with a simple linear equation. Personally I think it makes a lot more sense to keep the complexity contained to the decoder, rather than the encoder where bugs could mean you end up not recording an accurate timestamp to begin with. For historical dates, I'd rather everyone knew how to convert accurately to and from UTC (2 conversions), rather than relying on everyone to have a bug-free and up to date implementation of 2 N (N-1) conversions. That said, the exception for local time, at least in my opinion, is agreeing on dates in the future meant for human interaction (e.g. "I'll meet you at 7 AM local time in Time Square on the 3rd of April 2068"). Here time zone rules may actually change before the date transpires, and you can't be sure of the representation in any other zone or format until closer to the event. Their IPs seem to assigned to Hetzner ( https://www.hetzner.de/ ) Which is interesting, because Hetzers standard bandwidth overage seems to be €2/TB (~ $0.26/GB) Good point... It's a shame we'll likely never see the "Annexe (available to BULLRUN indoctrinated staff)" that contains a breakdown of their capabilities. Someone has to write the drivers for the hypervisor. A hypervisor is nothing but a minimal OS that provides a different set of resource management guarantees. You can't make many of those guarantees without access to the hardware. > I really hope Snowden releases some hard evidence or specific citations of what the NSA has broken That's fairly unlikely. The Guardian articles say he never had access to such information, nor was it amongst the documents he liberated. It's not squatting. Squatting is registering a domain for its own sake. Sometimes you register domains for projects and then those projects never get off the ground. I have a dozen domains (I defensively registered all the top TLDs) expiring in 4 days for just that reason. I agree with your sentiment but when someone comes along with the smart idea of running a knife between the business end of the OS and the driver stack we end up with abominations like UEFI that just push the OS's duties in to the firmware. The API of a driver is just as important as the bits they twiddle because it insidiously chains you to a particular abstraction model, i.e. a specific state machine you're building on top of hardware state. This is why Linux doesn't maintain a stable driver API. If you enforce driver API stability then you're boned down the line when it comes to moving from, say, a synchronous model to an asynchronous one. The loss of shark isn't a different problem, it's just another facet of the same thing. From Wikipedia: "[Jellyfish] predators include tuna, shark, swordfish, sea turtles and at least one species of Pacific salmon." ...i.e. a list of fisherman favourites Forget new gTLDs, the current ones are tricky enough: http://publicsuffix.org/ Informative and entertaining, thanks. I think conflating the issue with trademarks narrows my definition. "For its own sake" means registering a domain for no incentive beyond the status or vanity of holding that name, i.e. just because it looks cool or it's short, funny or memorable. I still think it's squatting if I registered yoursurname.com, even though it's not a trademark and wouldn't meet your definition under the ACPA. I still think it's squatting if I have no intention of ragging you in to buying yoursurname.com from me. Maybe I just derive satisfaction from having something you want? Quite often use Monaco myself, it has a very similar look to Ubuntu Mono but less seems less 'rigid' Anonymous Pro is another excellent choice, very crisp. I've read that the same build has been available for weeks via side channels. I'd be interested to hear what VPN providers are doing in terms of physical security and the risk of key theft/infiltration. Depends. Providing the option to cancel an order necessitates authentication. E-mail updates on your order are also nice. Where do draw the line between purchase-time and lifetime user state? I don't know why other comments are being so snarky or dismissive and apologetic in response to this. It doesn't matter whether or not you like the FSF, agree with Stallman, prefer Android, think the problem is rogue apps, the NSA, or think it's all irrelevant anyway due to the secret and proprietary nature of mobile firmware, baseband or hardware. The FSF have made a very astute observation about the implications of having a finger print scanner in a personal device which you can probably not trust with your secrets. Can't we talk about that specifically instead of flogging the same old dead horses? Do we really want to wait a few years until we discover that the authorities have been downloading fingerprint profiles from phones (like they're already known to do with messages and contacts) to acknowledge the insight here? > The government already has your fingerprints if you've ever left or entered the country, and they've likely been taken during other periods in your life as well. So, because it's pervasive, it's absolutely fine to allow it to become more pervasive? Fyi, I'm approaching 30, have travelled widely, and to my knowledge have never had my finger imprints taken. I see no reason to find this acceptable. Not all countries are as fucked as the US in wanting your biometrics. > is this feature being touted as a impenetrably secure way to unlock your phone? That's not the issue, it's the fingerprints themselves that the FSF and many of us are concerned with. Sure, you do leave your fingerprints everywhere you go... but I really can't see a team of spooks dusting down the counters in McDonalds or the handrails in the subway to establish a national database. On the other hand, I can totally see the Facebook mobile app using fingerprints for remote authentication and then the authorities gaining access to that data store. > If you can't trust the phone vendor, why are you not more paranoid about entering your username/password on the device? What about location data? 1) I can use a password that's unique to the device, my account, my app, or the the colour of my underwear. My fingerprints don't change. 2) Location data is less avoidable because it tends to be a by-product of optimal operation of a mobile device. Even excluded GPS, cell towers can be used to triangulate your position well enough to be useful to advertisers, for example, but that same raw data is totally needed for hand-off between cells and managing network coverage. 3) Again, existing concerns don't make new concerns OK. This isn't their ordinary "closed is bad" message. It's more like "closed just got worse, and this is why". Dusting and lifting all the prints to be found in public spaces is infeasible and the results can't be correlated with identities. The move to mobile phone scanning opens the door for more cheap, mass digital data harvesting. In effect, you're making the same argument that claims it's OK if the government track every car in the country by optical plate recognition, across a vast camera network, because "Hey! you're out in public already!" The difference in both cases is only a matter of difficulty. > My long term goal is to tailor an IRC bot to represent me virtually while I am unavailable (at work, etc). Sounds like you want http://wiki.znc.in/ZNC And how do we know that is really the case? It could be partially persistent and you'd never know it. WPA2 is fine for what it's intended, provided you're using a long random key, otherwise the number of key-strengthening iterations could use some beefing up. There are a few problems with all PSK schemes that make internal attacks problematic. Anyone who sniffs your initial handshake and knows the master PSK can read your traffic. There's a lack of mutual authentication. Having a scheme where each device registers its own password with the AP would probably be better. Other than that, it's generally a good solution, why do you feel it needs replacing? QR codes could make entering secure keys in to mobile devices easier. Variations of Wi-Fi quick set-up can also be made reasonably secure, implementations just suck. MAC filtering is useless, even in combination with WPA2. An attacker only has to sniff for a MAC your AP is happy to talk to and then changes theirs. Google can also install anything on my phone remotely. If your key type is lexically sorted, you can also do prefix searches in a binary search tree. Pronunciation can be a very individual or regional thing when it comes to technical abbreviations. I just finished watching the Channel9 GoingNative talks (C++), and was surprised to find a couple of the most respected C++ guys pronounce 'ptr' as 'put-er' (not 'putter') instead of 'pointer'. Personally I'll continue to pronounce it as 'try'. It has, at least, fewer conflicting interpretations in a programming context. When I say 'tree', people will probably assume I mean a binary tree, not a radix tree. So, if I'm not going at 30% light speed, I'll just say that. Did you need full prefix and/or suffix string matching? Now you're getting it. I also pronounce 'char' from C as if it's short for charred, rather than character. Principally because I find it easier easier to say 'char star' with that vocalisation. I know one guy who, if speaking quickly, would pronounce 'char* sugar' as 'caster sugar'... come to think of it, I'm not sure how Americans pronounce 'caster', but in the UK it's car-stir sugar. Not 'Casper', as in the friendly ghost, but with a 't'. I've never had a problem with people using different pronunciations. It certainly keeps talking about code fresh. Plant hackers in Iran (or just buy Iranian blackhats). Hack someone. If you're caught, blame the Iranians. Two birds, one stone. Not so, active MITM is absolutely required if you want to get around PFS. The best thing you can do is make sure your WPA2 password is totally random and long . Everything else is icing or next to negligible importance. Even an unprivileged compromised PHP script can open sockets and send email. Is it your intent that your server be able to send spam? Having separate iptables for IPv6 is painful. Are there any means to address this? My dedicated server provider ships grsec enabled kernels by default. Admittedly, they tend to be a bit stale. There were people who shared your opinion about XP->Vista. Then 7 came out many of those people were happy to go from XP->7. So, I doubt 7 will be your final Windows OS... If they haven't pissed you off enough to move yet, you'll likely end up using Windows 9. Afaik the usual practice when you want to hammer to the type system in to the dirt is to reinterpret_cast a pointer to FROM to a pointer to TO, and then dereference it. Alternatively just do a memcpy() While interesting for bespoke applications the problem is, if you take this concept to the extreme, you end up with a traditional operating system... except it'll only run Erlang. begin() and end() return iterators. Python has iterators too, so this concept shouldn't be alien to Python programmers. reverse() is a generic algorithm that operates on any pair of bidirectional iterators. Actually, in C++, you ideally wouldn't reverse the string at all... you'd just call str.rbegin() and str.rend() to grab the reverse iterators, and pass them straight to your next algorithm. The two approaches are just as consistent as one another, Python just uses a terser syntax (which, in my opinion, isn't as obvious). In C++14, if all things go according to plan with Concepts Lite, you'll be able to write a short 3-5 line, reusable, version of reverse() that takes your string (or container) as one argument, deduces at compile time, during overload resolution, that begin() and end() return bidirectional iterators, and then does the right thing. Failing that, C++14 may introduce Ranges. So C++ is only getting terser. Yep. A legacy language that underwent a major revision 2 years ago, with another coming next year, and another planned for 3 years time. What about resources other than memory? The problem is your proposed [] syntax implies random access. Many algorithms and data structures don't require or support random access. Less is more, but my ideal 'less' probably isn't your ideal 'less'. That's why we need more... so we can all have less. C++ covers many domains and programming styles really well. Just because it doesn't cover some as well as some other language, it doesn't mean C++ as a whole is a lost cause. This is true no matter how many domain experts and language advocates attack it. It's C++s huge scope that opens it up to attacks from every corner in the first place. Frankly I'm getting tired of reading articles from people who think they can proclaim "what C++ is about" any more than I can proclaim "what Go is about" or "what Python is about". Even Bjarne himself admits he doesn't know all the ways in which people use C++, and that's how he likes it.