FWIW, I'm not dyslexic and still had to read this a couple times before I saw something other than "FartMusic". Also, "frat" is not a positive word in most people's minds. Two good reasons for changing the name before you do anything else. Newbie here. Is there any way to vote down content-free posts? You know that Cuil's dead, right? Only if you stop using fully-justified text first. I tried this. Overnight my feed became unrecognizable — full of posts by bots and (subjectively, of course) awful people. There was no detectable rhyme or reason to the user selection, and the service doesn't appear to employ even basic heuristics to weed out obvious spam. On the bright side, I was able to report more abusive Twitter accounts than I normally do in a month. Such a fine line between refreshing and pointless. Your comment reminds me of the line from Meet the Feebles: "No. That's lousy." I'm not the creator, but perhaps you could offer 1 (or 2!) actionable critiques? For example, you mentioned the navigation path. Where did you get stuck? "And even so, testing just two different designs is rolling the dice rather than exploring feature/design space in search of a new optimum." A/B testing doesn't force you to innovate through radical design changes — you can use it just as easily for incremental improvements. I get it, it's hilarious because some trash cans are cylindrical too. Well done! That's far funnier than noting that it's cylindrical for practical reasons. Not sure if serious? The author believes that brains can't comprehend an unfilled shape as a shape, and instead must effectively parse it from individual lines every time. Is it possible his brain is the problem? That is, is there some subset of people who actually do find it difficult to see unfilled images as shapes? I'm not a fan of "me too"s, but I've been a DreamHost customer since 2001 and use them for smaller sites and may try VPS and/or dedicated with them in the future. I recall one rough patch with them in 2006 ( http://www.dreamhost.com/dreamscape/2006/08/01/anatomy-of-an... ), but I felt like they did a pretty good job of keeping customers informed and so I stuck with them. This is invaluable to hear, thank you! Was this with 1.x or 2.x (which is said to include "performance improvements throughout")? Anybody with 2.x vs. 1.x performance differences to share? This is neat! It also seems worth noting Yahoo's excellent Pure ( http://purecss.io/ ) here, too. It's a tiny bit larger with a few more features, but modular and fairly straightforward to extend. If the creators are watching, I think it'd be interesting to benchmark against the current Respect/Rest. A link that will let you actually read the story: https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&c... Really? I didn't personally find that the extremely simple graphics enhanced my understanding of the short and shallow paragraphs of text. It almost felt like just-pre-Idiocracy media spoon-feeding. Wow, I've never seen this kind of Google search before. I wasn't able to find documentation for it — would someone be kind enough to post a link? Better: Allow undo/history even if it's unserious. I feel like you wouldn't be too pleased if a super-biased Amazon employee posted a similarly anecdata-filled post about Linode. Is it really a smart idea to bad-mouth AWS in a post that really doesn't intersect with what Linode provides in any substantive way? Amazon's desktop app supports batch uploads and downloads, but not sync to/from Amazon Cloud Drive. However, there are 3rd-party options for this: • Arq: https://www.arqbackup.com/ • odrive: https://www.odrive.com/amazon • Synology Cloud Sync: http://www.macdrifter.com/2015/06/synology-cloud-sync-adds-a... We should be embarrassed that they're necessary for some groups to feel safe. As we see in this thread, whether CoC "mean something" or "are needed" aren't absolutes — clearly they are to some, and aren't to others. The key for me is that they're not important to people who don't need them to feel safe, and vice-versa. This is a really great idea. In addition to using existing images, would it be possible to create interesting patterns and textures procedurally using canvas.toDataURL()? > …but probably not paying the mechanical license rates to the authors. Just like Conte's Pomplamoose. Pomplamoose pays mechanical licenses for their covers. "The duo buys mechanical licenses for all of its covers online, which is a quick and easy process." — http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=1257832... Not only that, but they've helped lots of other musicians learn about licensing (via Twitter, on podcasts, etc.), and how to do the right thing. This is a very nice looking CSS stylesheet. Can someone explain what makes this a "framework"? (I did look through the docs, but didn't see the kind of modular or "designed to be built on" philosophy expressed in frameworks like Pure CSS.) The thoughtful use of white space (a.k.a. negative space) can improve readability/scannability, and to guide users by helping to create a visual relationship between various UI elements. Cosmetically, generous negative space can help create a feeling of sophistication and elegance. I suspect that this kind of use is more offensive to practical people who have little use for how something "feels". And of course sometimes it's overdone by designers, especially in cases of concepts serving as shiny, happy portfolio fodder instead of serving real users and business goals. My process: Right-click + "Open Link in Incognito Window". I see ads, but at least I don't get "behavior farmed". (Hrmmm, your note prompted me to find a Chrome plug-in that can do this for me automagically: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/incognito-filter/c... ) That's a really interesting thought, because everything also seems simple when you don't properly understand the problem. ("Let Apple open the damn back door, let the FBI know what's on the phone, then close it again. This isn't difficult." — Piers Morgan) Adults generally prefer richer interactions. Any in-depth references that support this? (Strikes me as curious, as I watch my 6-year-old playing a fairly elaborate Minecraft map…) Do these theater chains not realize that another company has been doing this for several years? http://www.primacinema.com/ A strangely-biased article, starting with the headline. But setting aside the concerns of the companies opposing this for obvious reasons, this is a really great idea. Consumers in poorer countries get the opportunity to buy used, high-end devices supported by the manufacturer, and those devices get another consumer cycle's worth of reuse before they get recycled. Plus Apple can now reach a large new segment of customers without compromising product quality or new-product margins. > If you have any examples of breakage, let us know. I believe it's breaking podcast feeds being served with WordPress.com, because iTunes doesn't support Let's Encrypt certificates. https://www.dominicrodger.com/2016/02/29/lets-encrypt-itunes... This may not affect a lot of customers (since WordPress.com doesn't support PowerPress for feed generation), but I know some podcasters create feeds by hand or with other apps. This issue will cause at least some podcasts to disappear from iTunes without warning unless you can coordinate with Apple to fix it. > Do you have an example? Just the confirmation from Apple's podcaster support team that iTunes doesn't support sites which use Let's Encrypt. (I don't use WordPress.com myself.) I've just posted a request for examples in popular podcasting groups, and I'll let you know when/if I get responses. > We have already implemented workarounds for iTunes. Can you elaborate just a smidge? Is WordPress.com, for example, not encrypting content when it's requested by iTunes? (Thanks!) Dear Cloudcraft Pro developer: This is the most exciting thing I've seen today. I've been wanting a tool like this since I started using AWS. However, the "Pro Solo" pricing strikes me as being way out of whack. It's as much as the "all apps" Adobe Creative Cloud plan. It's a 6X multiple of licensing all Office apps for a year, and just under the cost of licensing all JetBrains products for a year. Please provide a reasonable (say, $99), yearly "Solo Designer" plan for "infinite grid" planning and illustration, so that I may happily give you my money instead of using a free version with mysterious canvas size limitations. > But it's fine if you don't. But many of us would like to, though. Obviously you wouldn't want to take $9/month from people who would gladly give you $49. But on the other hand, active customers paying $9/month seem infinitely more valuable than free customers. This is a nice puff piece for Clique Media Group about their brilliant strategy not to invest in the open web. I heard about it on the open web, read an article about on the open web (via a link on the open web), and wouldn't have heard about in the first place if not for the open web. > "While analytics on many of these platforms aren't as easy to come by as with a traditional website, it's often the promise of engagement that currently makes it worthwhile for a brand." So we're back to days of, "Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is, I don't know which half"? How is this better? Is it reasonable to think of it like this: RNA is procedural, and DNA is declarative? RNA : PostScript :: DNA : PDF? I was just able to download it (for macOS) from the front page. https://nodejs.org/en/ > It's 4 times more expensive than their hackable Dash buttons ($20 vs $5)… That's interesting. A new product like this (no matter how seemingly small) takes some work, so to me this suggests that people hacking the "subsidized" buttons were a bigger use case then they'd planned for. About 1 in 4 adults experience some level of mental illness in a given year. > "I started having thoughts like, 'Let me take over you,' combined with confusion and tons of terror," says David, a polite, articulate 27-year-old who arrived at Britton’s Cheetah House in 2013. "I had a vision of death with a scythe and a hood, and the thought 'Kill yourself' over and over again." That's not an effect of meditation, that's a symptom of a mental illness. Meditation probably helped him discover it earlier than he otherwise would have. I mean, the words "mental" and "illness" don't even appear in the article. > So, yes the article did cover what you wanted them to. Not as I read it. In the article, "psychotic break" was used in the context of being caused by meditation instead of by an underlying mental illness. The second example gets closer to addressing the point I was making, but it's still just listing a possible risk for people who already have psychiatric problems. What I wanted the article to cover is the far more likely explanation: That 1 in 4 people who meditate will experience some level of mental illness in any given year — but not because of meditation. Of course, "meditation madness" is a much sexier premise. > That way, you only do the IDL-dance once and the browser then manipulates the tree in C++ with the many operations you fed it. As a beginning web developer, I remember being surprised that there was no way for me to group DOM manipulations into SQL-like transactions, or even an equivalent to HyperCard's lockScreen. I'm finding it a little tough to tell whether the author is talking about putting the browser or the web developer in control of grouping DOM updates. > you're right, but that's Steve Jobs you're talking about. Steve Jobs had many talents, but what I think people don't appreciate is that Steve worked very closely with his PR people. Most recently he'd worked closely with Katie Cotton for decades, from Apple's 90s "fat Elvis" years to its resurgence. If you've never worked closely with PR folks, it's largely a "boots on the ground" exercise. Yes, there's the "vision stuff" and the storytelling, and part of what they do is help get that messaging across in consistent and interesting ways. But much of it is long-term network and relationship building that the PR person leverages in short bursts — product launches, damage control, etc. It's an interesting and tricky job, and people who can do it well make for great allies. > Html's controls are too high level for pixel perfect manipulation, and too low level for easy assembly into rich ui. HTML+CSS isn't the only abstraction available, though. If you want a lower-level abstraction, you can use canvas. If you want a higher-level abstraction, you have your choice of composable view component systems (e.g. React). From a technical perspective, I'm a moron compared to most of the people here. Still, I was able to get my first app up and running on Elastic Beanstalk and a MySQL database up via RDS without much trouble. It's not rocket science. Given the breadth and depth of available services, I can't imagine how you can declare "AWS is inappropriate for small startups" with a straight face. Any suggestions on finding the latest, greatest versions of these fonts? For example, I found what appears to be the home page of Monsterrat ( http://montserrat.zkysky.com.ar/en ) but it directs me to Google Fonts. Similarly, I searched for "vernon adams fonts" and I don't see what looks like a canonical page for them. > …Google has never updated it, ignoring the author’s pleas. It looks like the source repo is at https://github.com/google/fonts — has he tried a pull request? If not, maybe we can help with updates until they make it friendlier for less-technical creators. Many thanks! Brick looks like a great resource, and it's great to have the latest Montserrat. > However, in the case of conspiracy, most individuals find their time wasted. I like this idea too, or at least it makes me at least a bit sympathetic to people I tend to dismiss. And I suppose, the key word is "most". Readability ( https://www.readability.com/ ) is a helpful tool for reading sites which with hard-to-read designs: http://rdd.me/sjahtctg In case anyone's interested in ready-made solutions, this company builds Interrotron-like gear: http://eyedirect.tv/ (video overview: https://vimeo.com/108373352 ) > Bluetooth audio codecs do lossy real-time re-encoding of the audio Lossless transcoding is possible too. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AptX#aptX_Lossless iPhones and Macbooks support aptX now. Surely this isn't just a hardware change — once Apple discloses the details, it won't be at all surprising if aptX Lossless (at minimum) is required for MFi licensing going forward. FWIW, the transcoding you mention isn't a requirement of Bluetooth audio. MP3 and AAC bitstreams could be delivered straight to headphones for decoding there. We don't yet know if that's something Apple is discussing with MFi program members. Yay (Wait, is enthusiasm for people trying something new bad here? If so, "Meh".) It was a (failed) joke in reference to a flurry of initial negative/content-free responses. I was trying to be gentle about it, but I'd have done better by being as straightforward as your response. As an HN n00b, I appreciate the feedback. From a designoper POV, the idea is sound (visual and information design isn't magick) and I wish them all the luck in the world. A good solution will fill a real need. The comments about "The Grid" are irrelevant, except as (surely known) lessons to the Firedrop creators. Anyone with industry experience understands that attempts will fail, until they don't. > Now go to the specifications page for a random popular bluetooth audio device, and see if they even list which codecs are supported. That's an excellent point. Sadly, I don't think the average consumer knows or cares about the badness that is lossy-to-lossy transcoding. For those who do, aptX support is pretty easy to find in the sense that vendors tend to make "aptX" searchable in the name and/or description. (If you Google "amazon aptx headphones", you'll see what I mean.) Finally, this is a great example of how Apple gets to "own" the mindshare for tech they don't invent. If Apple decides to hang their hat on the aptX brand for the iPhone 7 launch, that'll be how most people hear about it for the first time. Since aptX isn't their brand, it's more likely that Apple will simply tout "perfect wireless audio" and make sure customers know to look for "Made for iPhone" headphones. I'd love to know who made this decision, apparently giving it less thought than what they were going to have for lunch. Whoever it was doesn't understand how communication works, and should probably not be in charge of decisions like this. Interestingly, it's a giant middle finger not just to gun nuts, but to millions of people on both sides of debates about gun control, the militarization of law enforcement, etc. (Not to mention a kinda creepy form of infantilization.) > Configure your own using one of the existing tools; if you use Owncloud or Nextcloud you could use my OPDS Catalog app… Okay, so this is a whole new world for me. Thank you! OPDS appears to be for electronic publications what RSS is to blogs and podcasts. There are feeds, there's content management software that generates them (like "OPDS catalog"), and there are reader-style apps to consume them and view the syndicated content. Yes? But as someone with tons of Kindle purchases, I'm a little confused about where to go from here, and how to protect myself from what happened to throwaway1974 . Is there an "OPDS for Dummies"? This is very helpful, thanks again! Someday we'll be able to rent a car and a driver, just long enough for the trip! > I wonder if younger folk today watch that and think how quaint, old and dated it seems... As the caretaker of a pair of younger folk (twins, age 7), I can share that they find it very slow compared to today's children's movies. > At the very least if two Dots hear the same voice commands hopefully only one (the closer one?) will respond. That's what the newly-announced "Spatial Perception" feature does. In theory, it will detect which Echo or Dot is closest to you, and respond only on that device. Happily, it's going to be rolled out to existing Echo/Dot devices as well. If you like WordPress as a writing and management tool, it's worth noting that there are several static site generators for WordPress.[1][2] [1] http://en.staticpress.net/ , https://github.com/megumiteam/staticpress [2] https://wordpress.org/plugins/simply-static/ Unfortunately that's a pretty big matrix of possibilities, since different fonts have different support for ligatures, and the ligatures that will actually be seen are dependent on a combination of the page designer's intent and browser capabilities.[1] (And apologies if I've completely misunderstood the intent of your question!) [1] https://drafts.csswg.org/css-fonts-3/#font-variant-ligatures... For any given font, the license is specified on the font's specimen page. For example, near the bottom-right corner of https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Montserrat we can see that the license used is the SIL Open Font License. And from the SIL fonts FAQ[1]: Please feel free to use SIL fonts in printed publications and PDF documents, including PDF documents posted on web pages. Such use is within the intended use of SIL fonts. No additional license or fee is required to use the fonts in a printed publication. [1] http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=... This seems like a very "woo woo" theory, because few users know how big their apps are, or what a "good" size or a "bad" size for a particular app is. So, let's assume Segment is right and there's a causal relationship between app size and downloads. What am I missing? > "… in 2016 I can't really find a reason to still use a RSS reader." Also remember that every podcast app is an RSS reader. This year, 21% US adults ages 12 or older have listened to a podcast in the past month. It depends on your definition of "low-memory". The Kinoma XS JavaScript ES6 runtime[1] is designed specifically for low memory/CPU limited embedded devices, and runs very comfortably on 200 MHz ARM devices with 512 KB RAM. [1] http://kinoma.com/develop/documentation/technotes/introducin... It currently scores 96.8% on the ES6 Compatibility Table hosted by kangax[1], which is pretty good. That's native, no polyfills or transpiler. EDIT: Kinoma claims ES6 compatibility is at 98% as of 2016-01-02.[2] [1] https://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/ [2] http://www.kinoma.com/develop/documentation/js6/ > I never liked LastPass because it's rigid on how you can store data. I'm not sure when you last checked it out, but the current version of LastPass allows you to create as many custom templates as you like. For folks who haven't tried Vue yet, I just completed my first project with it and I'm really excited about using it more. Specifically, I used learning Vue as an opportunity to upgrade a simple jQuery-based SPA (with a PHP backend) to ES6, JS modules and Vue. It was a little hairy to bite off all of that stuff at once, but the Vue community was really helpful. In contrast to more monolithic frameworks I didn't have to port everything at once, and the re-implementation of the bits I did port are sooo much cleaner. FWIW, there's a highly-rated Vue.js 2/Vuex Udemy course on sale for an impulse price of $14 (normally $190) as I type this. With the caveat that I just bought the course myself, at that price it seems like a useful resource even if you only have a cursory interest in Vue. https://www.udemy.com/vuejs-2-the-complete-guide/ I think the reply was suggesting that "not advertising or defaulting to [HTTPS]" implies that a quick check for absolute HTTP URLs would be Good Thing. Yep, here's a bunch. http://www.macworld.com/article/3028132/consumer-electronics... The emphasis on secrecy isn't just public-facing (or at least wasn't while I was there). Wow, thank you for the h264ify mention! I can now play 4K YouTube videos on my MacBook Pro, who'da thought? > They planned to start beating H.265 both in quality and in efficient decoding in 2016/2017. Did that happen? If I'm not missing something, this suggests that Daala's quality will be comparable to H.265. No doubt encoders for both will continue to get better. Foundation 6: http://foundation.zurb.com/ A good goal to be sure, but one that it doesn't look like they'll make. IMHO, "comparable to H.265" may not be as inspiring but is still very impressive. If they can do this without stepping on existing IP, it'll be an incredible achievement. I'm also using Bootstrap 4a5 without issues on a small site that I initially upgraded from Bootstrap 3 mostly out of curiosity, and then pushed live when I didn't discover any major issues. Since it's a "major rewrite of almost the entire project"[1], I can't recommend that new Bootstrap users invest any time in Bootstrap 3. [1] https://v4-alpha.getbootstrap.com/migration/ > …really, it's all about calories in v calories out. In the absolute sense, you're absolutely right. But in my experience sugar tends to stoke a desire for more, in which case the form calories take is a crucial factor for success. (Caveats: I know what works for me but couldn't tell you how much of the effects of eating sugar are physiological vs. emotional, etc.) [EDIT: Typo] Not to be "that guy", but an article about PostScript would most likely be CamelCase. Yes, although I can't imagine many people would recognize the concept yet. http://scripting.com/2014/06/02/whatIsARiverOfNewsAggregator... http://buzzmachine.com/2006/08/22/the-river-of-news/ > what is the compatibility store for third party components/themes based on bootstrap. I can't speak to components, but for themes there's already a migration guide, and I'd expect to see tools that help with the conversion since they're conceptually similar. https://v4-alpha.getbootstrap.com/migration/ > will these third party components need to be re-written and support multiple bootstrap versions? They'll need to be updated, but it's a one way trip. It wouldn't surprise me to see popular themes maintain Bootstrap 3 and Bootstrap 4 versions in parallel for a while. I'm sure you're right! My goal was just to share a couple of useful references. Lilo of Lilo & Stitch! These strike me as good and interesting questions. I read the article after I read your comment, and I have one follow-up. > The obsession with having an even split… Does it strike you that the article is describing an obsession? It seems like a strong word, used pejoratively in this case. To me, the article is described an unusual and thoughtful approach that led to surprising results. As part of this they're touting much-improved transcription. Does anyone know if the the transcription system used for this is available for developers? It's not possible to be completely sure that 5% isn't a reality-based estimate, but it's typical for services like Twitter Audit and BotOrNot to identify half or more of a celebrity's followers as bots. For example, as I type this BotOrNot estimates that 34% of @RealDonaldTrump followers, and 48% of @BarackObama followers, are real. Just from being a nobody on Twitter who uses it almost every day, I'd also agree that 5% is laughably optimistic. Welcome to the world of "content marketing", where companies create advertising disguised as content that they desperately hope gets shared. IMHO, it's a good sign that it triggers your spidey sense. Messages should always be read with the creator's/distributors' bias in mind. > The primary lament of CableCard is that it's so poorly implemented that the vast majority of people aren't even aware that it exists. You're inferring that they're related, but I see them as orthogonal. I'll take your word that it's poorly implemented. From my POV it just works—my two experiences are with a TiVo and an HDHomeRun (first with Media Center, now with Plex's beta DVR feature), and in both cases use has been uneventful. That people don't know it exists doesn't surprise me, since the cable industry has always fought this FCC-required concession to consumer choice. If anything, it strikes me that cable was highly motivated to ensure CableCard's failure. I don't have any love for CableCard, but I'll be sad when it goes because it'll mean that kind of interop is gone forever. I really like Vue, and I love single file components. React folks: Is there no way to do this with React? I may need to use React soon, and if it can't do this I'm going to be pretty sad. > What this is, is another accidental slide down the slope towards centralisation of the web. Sorry, can you explain? (Not playing "gotcha", I really don't understand.) Freedom of speech* *Doesn't mean freedom from consequences > Why not just move to Web Components… This article is about React Native, not React. (For those who may not be familiar: https://www.pacifict.com/Story/ ) That and curiosity. > Might be beta, but supposedly iOS 10.3 (the next major release) will ship APFS for iOS devices… More than "supposedly", I'd say—if you're using the iOS 10.3 beta now, your phone's filesystem has already been updated to APFS. :) > Tom Drake took the software we had for ThinThread, basically after the NSA cancelled our programme, and ran it against the entire NSA database in February 2002. We found that all the data about the attack was in there, where they were going, who they were connecting with, actually even the date of the attack: 9/11. I'll bet I could design a system to reveal the exact dates of terrorist attacks after they've happened too. Even if you're not the mighty Rogue Amoeba, services like FastSpring[1] seem to make it pretty easy. [1] http://christiantietze.de/books/make-money-outside-mac-app-s... #noaffiliation I know you know the answer to this (i.e. move to another vendor, as you would for any vendor that goes away), so my apologies in advance for not understanding the point you're trying to lead me to. I guess I don't understand the alternative. Go out of business? > Can't we simply extrapolate how many livable planets there are? Yes, and beyond that you can ultimately estimate how many civilizations there are Out There that might have the capacity to contact us, commonly referred to as the Drake equation.[1] As Wikipedia notes, YMMV based on assumptions. :^) [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drake_equation Friend, many of us carry this burden. Here's the technical term: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resting_bitch_face It's shocking to see this being normalized on HN. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_parentheses For some of the operations highlighted, which are (naturally?) selected to impress. For others, the multiple is in single digits. WordPress doesn't run 100X faster on Peachpie, but it'd be very interesting to see "real" benchmarks. Even a 2X improvement (vs the latest PHP 7, of course) would be compelling. Marcus, when you say "Cross-browser storage for all use cases", I want to store media files for offline playback. Can I use Store.js for that? (TIA!) > This isn't some smoke and mirrors number. Sure, bots may count in this number… They do, which is why it's reasonable to consider it a smoke and mirrors number. More than will be spent thrusting all other barnyard animals combined? > Man, I wonder if we're going to end up seeing someone's free fall smartphone video someday. Undoubtedly, since it has with other kinds of video cameras: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFSp-SRGhNs "I'm dead. Bye." (He was not, amazingly.) > He doesn't believe in owning phones, but he'll gladly use someone else's who has decided to make that tradeoff. Makes sense. I don't eat meat, but I'll eat the meat of someone else who's decided to make that tradeoff. I know Anil's a smart dude. My feedback comes from a good place. > The friendly community where you’ll build the app of your dreams. Thought #1: The one word for what Glitch is is "community"? A friendly community might be (aspirationally, at least) a nice part of Glitch, but the more I think about it the less I'm sure I know what that means. My feeling is that lots of people who might find this interesting will bolt when presented with the apparent requirement to adopt yet another community. Thought #2: I've had the pleasure/torture of hearing people's app dreams, and people will not be building the apps of their dreams with Glitch--and that's fiiine . What Glitch might be (assuming I kinda understand it) is A Place to Make Duct Tape for Internet Stuff, which seems like a great thing. > It’s even easier to use Glitch than it is to describe it… That is problematic. You invented an amazing thing (presumably) and you're not sure how to sell it to people who don't already get it, which is an unenviable scenario. I'd really like to see how the Glitch folks would fill out the classic "For (your target) who wants/needs (reason to buy your product/service), the (your product or service) is a (category) that provides (your key benefit). Unlike (your main competitor), the (your product/service) (your key differentiator)." I guess that makes AlphaGo an AIdiot savant ? Microsoft (not Apple) bought Accompli and Sunrise. Ah, sorry, the comments weren't contiguous and so I missed that. I'm not sure what Microsoft acquisitions prove, but I'll continue thinking on it until enlightenment happens. > More cynically, though, if Apple wanted to shut it down, there are easier ways they aren't above. It sort of depends on the definition of "shut it down"(see Beats, Swell, FoundationDB, etc.). At minimum, Workflow goes away and rises from the ashes (with a new name) as an automation feature for a future version of iOS. Or, maybe it's just an acqui-hire[1] and they'll start over with a new codebase on something more integral to the OS. [1] "It seems that in scaling back recruiting efforts, Apple is moving to a staffing model fueled by so-called 'acqui-hires,' or purchases of smaller companies for talent." http://appleinsider.com/articles/16/04/25/apple-reportedly-w... > i will come back once you JS folks have agreed on a tool set and actually use it for more than 6 months. It works as a joke too, but the vast majority of JS developers aren't using tools younger than 6 months old. Even current hotness Vue.js was originally released in 2015, and Webpack was initially released in 2012. My point wasn't that there aren't interesting tools younger than 6 months, just that nothing compels JS devs to use them or even pay attention to them until they're as established (in age, use, GitHub stars, whatever) as is comfortable for them. I'll share my personal experience, which is that the move to Vue.js 2 was fairly straightforward. The project's handy "migration helper" helped a lot. Still, it's not something I jumped on immediately. I haven't upgraded my projects to Webpack 2 yet. I'm interested but not compelled to, and I'll do it when it makes sense for me. Does that make JavaScript a bad ecosystem? I have a hard time thinking of thoughtful major releases as a bad thing. The move to Vue.js was straightforward (and I'm not a great software engineer), but I understand that YMMV. If Knockout has been around for over a decade (v3.4.2 was released a couple weeks ago), isn't it also the perfect examples that churn isn't a given just because JavaScript? Wow! My first thought was, "How would anyone discover that?" How did you? It's not hyperbole to say that Tabs Outliner changed my browsing life. Make per-task windows, open and save them at will. > It's not too hard to imagine generalizing this to tabs, too. For sure, it's an "obvious in retrospect" sort of thing once stumbled upon. :) After a bit of research, the mechanics appear to have debuted in Chrome in 2013. Any earlier examples? > We are ridiculously aware of the latency issue in high quality voip. We do not at the moment support user generated keys the way Telegram does but we do use TLS/DTLS encryption end to end for our VOIP streams. Any plans to make this available to developers as a service via AWS? > Still, it can't entirely replace public broadcasting. If you mean "public broadcasting" as what they do , I'm with you 100%. Nothing about podcasting reduces the need for not-for-profit organizations like this. If you mean the radio-based sound delivery system part, this must transition to the open web, and that means podcasting¹. > What a weird take on podcasting. Amen! ¹At least for on-demand delivery. There's no live equivalent to the podcasting ecosystem right now. > A re-flowering perhaps, looking at the trend's rise since 2014 - but certainly not as popular as it was around 2005-2006. FWIW, that chart doesn't correlate with any measurements of podcasting popularity (e.g. downloads, research) that I'm aware of. For example, Edison Research notes that general familiarity with the term "podcasting" has gone up 22% with Americans in the last two years. Saturday Night Live's satire of Serial is an example of how podcasting has broken into mainstream awareness in a way that it definitely had not even three years ago. > There is no good Indian radio or podcast online now… "Good" is subjective of course, but here's a nice, categorized list of many of the best: http://rockingentrepreneur.com/list-of-indian-podcasts/ If you search for "best indian podcasts" you'll get many other thoughtful lists of great Indian podcasts. If you're personally interested in podcasting, this is a unique time in the history of the medium. You could take advantage of the potential opportunity by starting your own podcast, or by creating an Indian podcasting network that helps others create India-centric shows. As a Chicago-to-SV transplant for whom Silicon Valley was mecca, SF often felt lightweight, almost like a parody or cargo-cult version of what companies in Silicon Valley were doing. I realize that that's not fair, but not more unfair than imagining that SF's culture is objectively better. "I'll wait for the BuzzFeed listicle, thanks!" > The world has changed a lot since 1969. Many homes don't even have network television anymore. All homes with TVs that receive broadcast, cable, or satellite TV have network television. I think you probably meant broadcast/OTA television, in which case a survey from 2016 shows that 17% of U.S. TV households rely on "broadcast-only" television reception, and that was an increase from the previous year. However, that number is disproportionately higher in poor, Black, and Hispanic households. For example, it jumps to 26% for households earning less than $30K/year. > They usually retire from work mid-career for pregnancy and possibly for a much longer time to raise the child… No. Here's how it actually works in a modern family unit in a high-earning, dual-income Silicon Valley household: Mommy takes time off when babby is born, as does daddy because it's not 1960. At some point during this sabbatical help is hired, and then mommy and daddy go back to work and establish their new work/home balance. The end. It's not conceptually that different than sabbaticals not involving babies. It certainly doesn't explain systemic pay discrimination. > Sabbaticals also hurt careers. I'm sure sabbaticals (and even vacations) hurt careers in some scenarios, at some companies. I was responding to the notion that this was "retirement", and unique to the woman. > You don't get a raise and a bonus for being away 1 year when you are 25-30. People take parental leave for weeks (6-8 is typical), not a year. Maybe in those few minutes, but in the long run a high-publicized international incident will be a million times more effective in creating conditions for improvements. > I doubt Apple will ever launch its own car. It's a large consumer market that's changing rapidly and ripe for disruption. Why would you doubt that Apple will enter it? > I guess you never know with Apple but it just seems like a really crowded space for them to come into… The iPhone entered a crowded phone market and now controls the vast majority of smartphone profits. There's really no such thing as market "saturation" when you can grow the market and eat old participants. > First of all, it's a high price tag for them to get top talent in the area. Apple has $250 billion in cash, so this doesn't strike me as a huge concern. > Their success I feel depends on how much control they are willing to give up in partnerships… As with phones, their hypothetical success in this area will be due to how much they won't give up. Apple learned this lesson with the disastrous Motorola ROKR E1, a.k.a. the one where they tried to be a "good industry partner" and play by industry rules. If Apple enters this market, they'll play by Apple's rules and give up virtually nothing. Any launch partner(s) will profit, but on Apple's terms. > ... it's still a goddamned 128kbit or less stream. Arguably, this is worse quality than ye olde FM on average. I don't claim to be a "golden ears" or anything, but I find 64 kbps HE-AAC to offer better-than-FM quality. (HE-AACv2 benefits really only make sense at 48 kbps or lower.) Hydrogenaudio tests showed that a good HE-AAC encoder does just slightly (imperceptibly) worse than Opus at 64 kbps[1]. [1] http://listening-test.coresv.net/results.htm Gleb: Understanding that it's not a CDN per se, would using this primarily for large file distribution (meaning, not images on web sites, etc.) instead of backup be a bad idea? Site has been hugged to death for now. http://archive.is/6ZZv1 > I'm not sure "Browser" is a good term for this Having been on the marketing side of a consumer product which used "browser" to describe what it was, I can confirm that "browser" = "web browser" to nearly everyone (analysts included) and is truly, sincerely not worth fighting. In my experience, until they fix the "browser" positioning, nearly every conversation they have with anyone who might care about the actual product will include 2-5 minutes of explaining and rationalizing the use of a word that people already believe they understand. > The correct approach is to starve out this behavior while the cost of doing so is relatively low... The cost is pretty high to bobsam, who didn't have a chance to interview for his dream job. Not "playing the game" only works if all good developers stop using GitHub, no? Just curious: How are you connecting this Apple news with that theory? Do you have a product/service built on affiliate commissions? Do we know what they're using? I found a few references to AT&T Natural Voices. > Meanwhile the knowledge of what works is blatantly obvious: the energy expenditure must be higher than the intake. This is like saying about the poor, "What works is blatantly obvious: Poor people just need to increase income or reduce expenditures. Boom! Poverty solved." The secret is that this isn't the problem . The actual problem that fat people must solve is not what to do, but how to do it, both in the short- and long-term. > Having a healthy diet and exercise regimen along that is highly desirable but not strictly necessary... 1,000 calories of cupcake are 1,000 calories of chicken breast are, in theory, the same amount of energy. In practice, diet and exercise considerations are integral aspects of the actual problem that fat people must solve. Example: For some, exercise is actually counter-productive and causes more hunger. For others, exercise is a crucial part of success. Example: For some, calorie restriction can be done with no particular attention paid to the balance of carbs, proteins, and fats. For others, a low-carb diet means lower hunger/higher satiation for longer and is a must for success. Couldn't agree more! > Just don't have too much food in your home, then you can't eat too much of it. Thank you for solving obesity! Ah, so like Trump then.* (*Regardless of my personal feelings, I'm not even being judgemental. His campaign effectively kept the media and opponents on their heels during his campaign.) > …it's that it has a terrible ecosystem… Two follow-ups if you don't mind: (1) "terrible" in what kinds of ways, and (2) compared to what, specifically? (Genuinely curious.) > JS has matured like bread, not cheese. Considering that the language made huge strides forward with ES2015, ES2016, and ES2017, what does that mean? > The day we stop asking "why aren't you using something other than Javascript?" is the day we collectively take a step back in terms of design thinking. Spirited debates about JS vs. OCaml are implementation thinking. I agree with your point about people using backup cameras exclusively—they are bad drivers. Still, for many cars that view would've formerly included a blind spot large enough for child-size things. > They will want to remove mirrors. Then rear windows will go. Great. Our vehicle has a camera mirror that enables an unobstructed view of what's next to us as we change lanes, and it's a revelation. I'll take any sensor- and camera-assisted situational awareness and accident prevention I can get. The aspect that comes to mind is the archiving of assets that go beyond simple frame output, a bit further up the workflow—project files, renderers, effects processing plug-ins, etc. For example, the article mentions the issues that Pixar ran into reconstructing Finding Nemo . I can imagine a studio saving a movie's project file, and then discovering that no software can use it in 20 years. Even if ecosystem standards like OMFI prove to have staying power, details like color timing might not be able to be perfectly reproduced even if the project file is openable. Not to say that an iPad is the right device for you, but I wanted to share a couple notes in case you ever want to try again: > My problem was the lack of multi-tasking… The current iOS does this pretty well. http://www.imore.com/ipad-multitasking > …and no mouse support. Okay, now this is more of a stretch. :O) BUT, with a Lighting to USB adapter you can (technically) use both USB mice, and wireless mice that use USB dongles. > For new products there isn't really any room for debate anymore, Opus is the clear winner. If you mean "for low-latency live streaming/conferencing", I think you're probably right. If you mean "by popularity", with a few exceptions all non-MP3 encoded audio you hear is (and has been for some time) AAC. If you mean "by quality", Opus is comparable to AAC/HE-AAC audio quality, but Opus' Achilles' heel is hardware support. Oh! Thank you. Q: Why not Opus instead of Vorbis for that use? > Film makers don't want to use VR. Creators often like to play with multiple mediums. I'd give filmmakers the benefit of the doubt, and assume they understand that VR is a much different medium. This is smart, and great news for creators. As good as Facebook's own studio may have been, having to compete with Facebook for attention in a nascent medium is a huge problem. > But, then, developers have to trust Facebook as the owner of the platform. That's not always been a good bet. For sure, but that would've also been an issue in the scenario where Facebook was also competing with you as a content developer. At least this way, small developers have a chance to establish themselves before Big Media starts taking VR seriously. For a brief, ominous micro-second, I wondered why Amazon would want to kill my spouse. I'd consider it, but I'm generally happy with the Asuswrt-Merlin firmware, and I can't find a resource that describes things like benefit, risks, and functionality I might lose. Is there such a thing? > On my RT-N66U, WAN throughput can hit 870 Mbps. Without it, I max out around 170 Mbps. Eeek! Thank you. :O) https://hacks.mozilla.org/2015/09/subresource-integrity-in-f... "As you may have noticed, the integrity attribute does not just include the hash value. It also contains the digest name. The syntax for the integrity attribute allows multiple tokens of this name-value format. This allows site owners to specify hashes of different strengths as well as the values of multiple scripts that may be behind a URL. This is useful for browser sniffing or content negotiation." > RSS is sometimes ambiguous and there's a lot of variation. I've written a reasonably-popular podcast feed validator, and I don't understand either of these criticisms. Mind elaborating? How would it help even one developer? Or asked another way, what problem does this solve for you? Dave Winer (the creator of RSS) played with this a bit in 2012. It turns out that exact format of feeds doesn't matter nearly as much as there being a more-or-less universal one. http://scripting.com/stories/2012/09/10/rssInJsonForReal.htm... > Perhaps their was noone listening to audio, but he got pretty soft ~15:00 and on. In case Craig or the person responsible for the audio sees this, you can help ameliorate this by tuning the dynamic range compression. Because the signal-to-noise ratio decreases the further you get from the mic, the recording may also benefit from some de-verbing and noise reduction first. (If you don't have good tools for this, ping me and I'll be glad to help.) > In the immortal words of Joe Rogan during his podcast, "pretend your eating the microphone." Plosives become a problem if you get too close. If this inspires anyone to get on the mic, good general guidance is "put your lips one to two fists away from the mic". > It's embarrassing that manufacturers are still making computers with silicon chips in them. You might even zoom out a bit more and go with, "It's embarrassing that manufacturers are still making ATX cases". Just as ATX cases have been able to accommodate several generations of computing, modern 737s are effectively different aircraft than early 737s even though they share common properties. A couple notes: (1) You can use JSX with Vue. https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/render-function.html#JSX (2) By "Angular style templates" do you mean Vue's Single File Components? Because from my POV they're glorious, and the primary reason I'd be reluctant to use React instead of Vue. I haven't done this with Vue yet, but it looks pretty easy to do both prerendering and server-side rendering[1]. A more complete solution, Nuxt.js[2], appears to be gaining in popularity as well. [1] https://ssr.vuejs.org/en/ [2] https://nuxtjs.org/guide > Most people don't want to pay for that level of service though. And if it's on the company's dime, many (most?) companies won't. Google (Alphabet) and Facebook are internet advertising. http://image-store.slidesharecdn.com/f0a87be0-b176-4d80-ae8f... FWIW, the speaker on the original Amazon Echo isn't very good. (I also own small Bluetooth speakers from Sony and Anker, and both are appreciably better for music — enough so that I go out of my way to use them while cleaning or whatnot, even though the Echo is right there.) > McDonalds has a clear conflict of interest in the design of these icons for nutrition information. I could understand the point if they'd created McDonald's-specific units (e.g 10 grams of sugar = 1 McVigor). But they're just icons for info that McDonald's makes no effort to hide. Care to elaborate? If an open source music format isn't a requirement for you, AAC is as efficient as Opus and playback support is universal – no version of iOS or Android has ever shipped without AAC decode support, for example. Mp3tag also handles MP4/M4A files wonderfully. > …there are too many sub-par encoder implementations that just don't sound good - sometimes worse than MP3. Whoa, I'd never imagined that could be the case and appreciate the heads-up. I've only had experience with the Apple and Fraunhofer encoders so far. Mind calling out the offender(s)? This summer I'm releasing a best practices guide (and hopefully tools) to help podcasters move to AAC, and that would be useful to mention. > So what's a good machine to play games with kids 4-6 on? I have a wii, but the games suck… My kids loved the Lego games for Wii. Another benefit: They're co-op games, so they can play with you or a friend. Safari supports Web Notifications: http://caniuse.com/#feat=notifications Safari 11 supports WebRTC, Media Capture API, WebAssembly, WebCrypto API, drag-and-drop, and other interesting new features. If a crippled browser is their goal, they're doing quite an awful job of it. > Neither API is supported on iOS Safari, and desktop Safari only supports notifications while the app is open. Ah, thank you for explaining the difference. Any recommendations for similar "best practices" articles/guides for MySQL? Plain text: so when Optik.io melts down immediately from an HN "hug of death" one can use high-availability services instead. > ...why not provide your view of how this is helping anything? Because humor is a good mechanism for talking about topics we might not otherwise talk about, but should be. By "adversarial discourse", do you mean the site or the HN comments? > Best just downloading the OpenVPN config files and plug them into something like Viscosity… On macOS, I just created a new "PIA" service in Network. Is there any reason to use Viscosity instead of the macOS VPN client? Good to know, thank you! > Best to keep your workloads as small as possible, cold starts can be very bad, depending on the type of project. Here's a recent, interesting article on the topic that quantifies some of this: https://read.acloud.guru/does-coding-language-memory-or-pack... > The issue with web development is that there’s no good, or working solutions. This complaint generally comes from the opposite direction—that the JS ecosystem provides "too much choice", which can lead to FOMO or analysis paralysis if you let it. > On the other hand, you can look over into the JVM world, and, well it just works. There’s one option for dependency management and handling of compilation and preprocessing (gradle)... Gradle, Maven, Buck, Pants, Bazel… Things change. For example... > But in iOS 10, they put AirDrop and Airplay controls on the first tab of control centre and music control is on second tab... ...in iOS 11, it's not. But those (generally) aren't usability declines as much as necessary rethinks about how apps and OS functionality should work. It's unfortunate that they sometimes break muscle memory, but I'd be much more worried if the iPhone still worked like the first version of it. > Few more iOS iterations, and I think I'll switch to Android. That will probably solve everything. /s > To me it seems disingenuous to call that "election hacking". Really, you've never heard of social engineering/hacking? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_hacking > End of the day, your weight doesn't fluctuate that much... It does if that's a focus of your health efforts. > ...that level of precision doesn't add much value and can make weight loss harder. In fact, that daily feedback is immensely helpful. Very quickly, you begin to understand the connection between your actions of the last day or two and your weight. In https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12692552 , someone from the Facebook team linked to this: https://code.facebook.com/pages/850928938376556 You may find both helpful. Sincere question: Assuming you're somehow doing web development without it, what is the problem? > What are better alternatives in terms of call quality? What I'll call "automatic transmission" VoIP solutions are all very similar in terms of quality. That said, there are absolutely things you can do to improve VoIP call quality and reliability: https://book.pod.guru/voip-secrets/ Beyond typical consumer/business VoIP, there are professional solutions like Source-Connect Now and ipDTL. They support selectable bitrates that go beyond what popular consumer/business solutions typically support, with commensurably better quality. For highest quality, the solution is a "multi-ender". In a multi-ender, audio is recorded uncompressed (or losslessly compressed) at every end, then merged/sync'd after the call for a result that can sound as if everyone was in the same room. WebRTC-powered services like Zencastr, Ringr, Cast and Cleanfeed can help automate multi-enders. It's illegal to dump trash in someone else's dumpster without permission, for one. > …it's been great for checking out new podcasts. For anyone confused by this: SoundCloud can't play podcasts, but a small percentage of podcasters host their show on SoundCloud, and the app can (naturally) play those. However, SoundCloud has probably seen the peak of its podcast-driven business. Podcasters have been wary of SoundCloud's fortunes for some time, and most have a Plan B in place. Today's news has likely expedited plans to find alternatives among at least some podcasters. > DRM is a non-starter… […] The fact that this standard is coming to be is just plain silly, but it does no harm in and of itself. If that's true, for you and for others who share that opinion, what does it matter? > None of them provides enough real value to anybody who didn't already have a market before leveraging them. It's hard to take a position like "digital distributors offer no value" seriously when the paid digital media marketplace was created by said distributors. > As he actually has a point. The sensitivity of the human eye goes way beyond 30fps. Studies have shown that viewers can distinguish between modulated light and a stable field at up to 500 Hz. As a more practical example, many reviewers have noted that the new iPads' 120 Hz refresh rate has obvious, visible benefits for scrolling and animations. As a non-MS employee, I'd call OneDrive "fine". After several years, I haven't seen anything to suggest that it's better. I'm not sure why you're confused. It's laid out pretty directly in TFA. > This new tool replaces the existing Google Photos desktop uploader and Drive for Mac/PC. In that analogy, what's PHP to React's HVVM? It'd be ironic if it didn't work when JavaScript was enabled — this seems pretty on-brand. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ > Have you put much energy into making sure that Enpass is secure? Do you know who's reviewed it, and what their review looked like? I'd really like to know this as well. I'm aware that LastPass doesn't have a perfect security record, but because of its prominence it gets lots of attention from hackers and security researchers, security issues tend to be well-reported, and the responses to them seem to be reasonably transparent and proactive. In contrast, Enpass appears to be a side-project of a small app development house in India. Did a miss a memo where Security Expert X said Enpass is better than LastPass? Only if you share it. :) This might make you feel less alone: Everyone feels this way. Do you want to write? Why? Here's a book I recommend for anybody that makes stuff and puts it out in the world: "Art & Fear: Observations on the Perils (and Rewards) of Artmaking". I wanted to see this in context but couldn't find it. Is the word "serverless" used in the article? Waze's primary innovation was to crowdsource near-realtime traffic information. They weren't the first[1], but they were the first to do it on a large scale. Some of it is automatic (e.g. speed, which usually reflects traffic conditions) and some of it is interactive, encouraging users with "points" to fumble with their phones in order to report police sightings, road obstructions, etc. > No one I know uses it and most never heard of it. Intersting — everyone uses it in California, to the point that it strongly affects traffic patterns[2]. Where are you? [1] https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/dash [2] http://www.gq.com/story/waze-ruining-los-angels-side-streets > You are a web design business… Another way to look at this is that you're not a web design business (your perspective), you're a "solve my online problem" business (customer perspective). Yes, you're designing a web site, but in the service of increasing sales, improving discoverability for their potential customers, etc. It seems like you intuitively know this, in which case the "extras" are potentially a distraction, but also an opportunity to bundle services into an ongoing "subscription". My advice: Publish on your own domain, syndicate to Medium (and LinkedIn, and whatever) shortly after. Always import the story[1] so that Medium adds a rel="canonical" link, and link back to the canonical version (e.g. "Originally published at XXX" in the text of the story itself. [1] https://medium.com/p/import