Two reasons actually: its flat, and small (dense). Wherever you want to go, it isn't unrealistic to do so by bicycle. A huge flat country with large sprawling cities wouldn't have as many bikes. Perhaps a novice question coming from a mostly Windows user: an OS I thought handled processes, hardware, etc. It can of course be handy to have a linker/editor/compiler shipped with it too, but why is it considered part of the OS? Is gcc/vi/emacs more a "part" of GNU/Linux than notepad is a part of windows; i.e. just a convenience? Or is linux unusable without a complete c-based tool chain? I know the term "OS" is a fuzzy one, which is probably what causes my confusion. Such tools (e.g. Photoshop) already ship with a database for lens correction of most lenses from the large manufacturers. Things like chromatic abberation, vignetting etc. can be done automatically. For some common lens problems such as geometric distortion, I'd say the correction is so good that I wouldn't consider it to be a problem when buying a lens any more, whereas it was one of the larger problems with zoom lenses before. As far as I understand this method just requires the PSF data for different settings to be shipped as well (at different apertures/focal lengths), and Photoshop could do the same thing using this method. Abberations in a poor lens comes from two factors: 1) design flaw/compromise and 2) sample variation. If you have a lens profile in Photoshop with PSF data it can only correct for the problems inherent in the design of the lens (1), not problems due to variations in manufacturing or lens damage problems. Manual window management isn't the perfect UI paradigm for anyone, regardless of input method. Being able to overlap by a few pixels isn't necessary for me. A simple way to see where window management should have gone is to look how it has changed within applications, where the resistance to change is lower. 15 years ago it was all MDI applications, where the idea that a doc has a window . Soon people realized that noone really needs to overlap their word documents windows, or move their photoshop tool dialog by 3 pixels, so more modern applications used docking managers to snap and tile their workspace together to use as much of the available area as possible. As usual in the demos and mockups of both Win8 and this concept, the applications demonstrated happen to be simple communication apps, media players and so on. I'd like to see Photoshop, Visual Studio, AutoCad etc. that actually have a large workspace with several confgurable areas. I don't think it would be horrible to lose the movable windows, but I'd want something as powerful in return: Windows should manage the desktop the way a good desktop application manages its different areas. Either make way for content protection for video in some kind of standard, or we are stuck with Silverlight and Flash video forever. Why wouldn't I want some kind of standard platform for delivering protected video in my browser, rather than getting and updating 2-3 different insecure plugins all the time for doing the same thing? Is this just a crusade agains DRM as a whole (good luck with that) from the free software movement, or do they have problems with this exact proposal from the w3c? Well I'm not really trying to do personal computing, I'm just watching TV on my screen really. I want to watch a game that there is no chance in hell that the rightsholders will will release on the internet without DRM. They'd rather just not air it and opt for just using the normal outlets like cable/satellite if that was the case. This would mean I couldn't see it at all. You could argue that letting DRM into html is evil, and I agree, but I don't really care about evil if I can get rid of the current crap implementation which is flash on one site and silverlight on the next. Yes, the problem: the only way the content owners will stream tonights game to my computer is if it is protected somehow. If there is a way to make a transparent & open platform that allows content to my computer in a way that makes the content providers happy, then I'm all for doing that instead of having the system of insecure binary blobs. But is that possible? If it is possible, wht isn't the W3C pushing for that instead of the "plug your own binary"-platform? Is security through obscurity inherent in DRM? I have never heard about those actually. I'm only interested in live stereaming sports, which are ridiculously expansive for the rightsholders but worthless once the broadcast is over. I can't see a future where they'll switch from their current platform unless the new platform offers something similar. If I was them I'd rather skip the browser completely and settle for apps (e.g in smarttv/win8/Mac/iOS/consoles). I'm not saying its stupid to be resisting drm in HTML, but it will mean some services won't exist in the browser. It's already transcoded live and re-streamed. That isn't technologically different. Finding European football is trivial whereas some other rightsholders have cracked down on streaming sites and people posting their screencast urls in forums effectively removing it from the visible web (Swedish ice hockey is one such example). Games are expensive ($20-30) and unlike movies it's often ok to watch in a low quality stream that is easy to distribute with modest hw/bandwidth. My screen displays what I tell it to? If it is a FairPlay/PlayReady stream or not. I wasn't talking about hdcp or other hardware/end-to-end drm. I don't think systems like FairPlay are going away anywhere soon. Surely it must be possible to make an open standard similar to FairPlay? It can't be all security through obscurity? I have the same feeling. But like I have tried to explain elsewhere: live streamed events (expensive sports broadcasts) are really sensitive to piracy. At least if you judge by the precautions they use. Today they typically use PlayReady DRM in a Silverlight video player (flash based solutions also exist). They usually also randomly insert subscriber id:s as text at regular intervals and random locations in the video stream thereby watermarking it and making it a risk for whoever decides to re-stream their screen. So the current situation is this: the broadcasters already have several methods of protection (Watermarking, Encryption), which means any technology we wish they would adapt better support at least what they have today. While I agree that it does seem like "less work" to just do the DRM bit, is it really likely that this plugin will really decrypt data, leaving a normal unprotected video stream for the browser to render? In that case, a browser implementation could just write the unencrypted video to disk or re-stream it over http to other clients, without even having to do a new transcoding/compression (which costs cpu power and reduces quality). The whole point of effective software video DRM is that the plugin must render the video to screen itself, and ideally in a way that doesn't let the attacker find the unencrypted stream in memory. Silverlight does this via PlayReady for example. I don't know if the whole oracle/sun debacle is to blame for the complete stagnation of the jvm and the java language, but the development pace is laughable these days. We're still waiting for proper lambda expressions after all these years. We still have a runtime without generics. And so on. The irony of the article is that ZeroTurnaround not only make money from the java community, but does so by selling tools that work around shortcomings of the jvm. So not only is it in their interest to have a large dev community on the jvm, if you are a bit mean you could say its in their interest to have a crap jvm :) The type erasure is just a bad match with what's essentially a quite weak type system withq few other design flaws in it. Had the type system been good otherwise, it wouldn't have been that bad, but the way java works with for example array covariance and so on makes it a poor design. That, and of course the fact that all AnyCollectionType should work with primitive types without performance penalties. Having to use an MyFancyIntTree rather than MyFancyTeee is a bloody disgrace. The problem isn't so much the sex is it? The problem is of course demographic. Related, but not the same. Amazingly the government of Japan surely understands the problem at hand, and still refuses to act. Labour laws of course cannot allow an employer to fire someone (or choose not to hire) based on pregnancy (or being a woman of that age). There is only one sure way of making women as desirable to hire in this respect: ensure men stay at home with children just as much as women. State subsidized childcare and a year or two of paid maternal/paternal leave per child would be a net win for Japan (as it is for most such countries). Learning a functional language is a great idea especially if you never intend to use one after you've learned it. It's like speaking a second language. Has a great effect on the understanding of your own language. At university the first thing everyone had to (in programming) do was a Haskell course. Felt weird at the time, but in hindsight it was fantastic. It meant everyone had to throw their preconceptions about programming out the window. It didn't occur to me until recently (10-15 years later), that functional concepts are actually a good thing to apply in any language; that it makes code parallelizable, modular, maintainable, testable, and so on. I just thought functional was functional (i.e. elegant but hard) whereas imperative was imperative (inelegant but easy). Much like the difference between algebra and arithmetic. So go learn a second language, or even a third. Even if you intend to speak english and Java for the rest of your life. I'd choose Haskell and Spanish. Lightroom does an excellent job of managing your files through a normal SQL database, but like any other app-centric view the abstraction breaks down at some point because users still have access to the files on disk. When you want to make edits using external tools you always get a feeling that you are swimming upstream. What is needed is an OS level abstraction that still lets you access your data in files, but hides the actual physical organization of these files. The application interface to the file system shouldn't be a tree but a database/query like interface. Microsoft had great plans for this (already in Vista http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WinFS ), but had to pull the plug on it. It hasn't reappeared in Win7 or 8. In a system like WinFS applications like Lightroom awould not have to manage its own SQLite database tables of your photos and their physical location. The query would go directly to the operating systems file database. The problem is that the files are still there, if the application manages the files itself to get more functionality than the fileystem itself offers (i.e. like iTunes indexing the files), then if you move/rename files you have fooled the secondary index. So the problem isn't that apps can't/shouldn't manage the files themselves, the problem is that the index they use (e.g. a SQL table) isn't provided by the filesystem to guarantee consistency. If the filesystem provided a database like interface, then iTunes and Lightroom wouldn't have to have SQL tables for the files, and if you moved a file on disk you wouldn't have fooled the application. "Everything is a file" isn't really a problem. Its the index and metadata that is the problem. If you can make a one liner that says "show me all the photos taken last week, in the entire system" and that will respond instantly without traversing the hierarchy, then you have a proper index and metadata over your filesystem. Exactly. The whole issue is the inconsistency with todays app-centric views of data (iTunes) and the fact that the path hierachy based view of the files will probably still be around for many years to come. I think the best solution would be for the OS/filesystem to provide a queryable layer on top which contains metadata and guarantees consistency without forcing the applications to lock in their data. I can't see how it would be very controversial, as it actually removes nothing, only adds. Exactly. So while applications today each create an abstraction (e.g. SQL index) on top of the filesystem, what is really needed to provide the "iOS experience" while keeping normal file systems below, is simply an OS-level index with metadata. I can't see how it can be preferrable to have each application have an inconsistent DB of files and their metadata, versus having the OS/filesystem provide one. As for the mp3 scenario: for a 1Gb mp3 player its certainly doable to just scan the contents for the files/metadata once in order to show track titles etc. The problem is when the collections of files grow by several orders of magnitude and you need instant lookup of metadata (e.g. a 1Tb photo library, which isn't even especially large these days, my camera takes 25mb photos with hundreds of pieces of metadata that can't be encoded in the filename unlike an mp3 track). It's not pride of being born at a certain location (that's coincidence), It's pride to be part of a community (state, city, organization, ...) that makes good, rational decisions. Like how you can be proud if you live in a country with a sensible healthcare system or patent system, or proud to work at a company with good policies and a healty work environment. Wasn't this the case with ICQ? That is, once the protocol was reverse engineered, all the protocol authors had to do was change it slightly and the 3rd party implementations had to play catch up. It will be easy for free software to offer such a solution, the problem is that commercial software probably can't promise much about how much or how long it will be interoperable. I'd be reluctant to pay for a commercial skype client that can break tomorrow. The assumption of course being that it only applies to communities where you have some say in the matter, such as through democracy. Looks nice. Some feedback 1. For the love of god, don't allow a Nil value! Pattern matching is so much better (Maybe/Option type) 2. I didn't see anything about the runtime, but if you can optionally compile to something ubiquitous like php initially it will ease adoption. 3. even though you target small scale, so did javascript. I'd throw in some rudimentary namespace/package/module/version/dependency things . THEY host the intro proxy? Wouldn't it be better if each individual or organization had their own intro proxy that provided this? I.e. mail client-> my proxy -> (linkedIn + mailServer)? Reflection showing erased types. Slow collections because internal arrays are object[]. Various caveats with bridge methods/ClassCastExceptions. The list goes on and on. Erasure isn't a pragmatic design decision, it's an utterly and fundamentally broken design. Reified generics are both simpler to implement AND more performant AND more powerful in terms of metaprogramming. I fail to see the argument for erasure apart from backwards compatibility (which isn't really an argument). I think the analysis leaves out the most important aspects for non-C#/.NET developers. My analysis: C#, the language: Pros: * The most elegant of this family of languages (statically typed curly bracket imperative). * If you are coming from C++: C# is Feature rich but still not too large to make it "choose your own sublanguage" like C++ (yet). You can actually learn this language from the inside out. There are few undefined implementation details and quite few quirks. * The tooling is fantastic if you can agree to using windows and shell out some money. Cons: * It was designed to rival C++ and Java with a nice learning curve for C++/Java devs. If it was designed today, I think it would have a lot more modern/functional features built in such as tuple deconstruction, algebraic data types/pattern matching (instead of Null) and so on. Now when you use F#, C# feels old with its only half-decent type inference, null keyword and so on. * Performance (This is actually more .NET than C#): While it can be quite performant, idiomatic C# is still often quite slow. Especially in the hands of non experienced developers. There are often hidden allocations and boxing calls that are hidden behind syntax sugar, that end up taxing the garbage collector (example: A simple foreach call often allocates an object which later gets eligible for GC). So writing high performance code is possible in C# but still very hard. You'll find yourself either making the code look like C (for example: arrays of structs rather than lists of objects which was the idiomatic solution), or simply calling to C/C++ for performance sensitive bits. In comparison to C++ for high performance code, I'd say C# offers free reliability/conciseness etc., and you have to struggle with perf. With C++ you'd get a lot of perf for free because idiomatic C++ is fast (array of structs may well be an idiomatic solution!), but instead you may struggle with leaks, overruns, token salad... Bottom line: C# can often be as fast as C++ but when it is, it's no easier than just using C++ because you have to make allocation free code basically (which is HARD, especially as an afterthougt). .NET, the platform: Pros: * It feels like they looked at java and just corrected a lot of the problems. Sane dependency/versioning is just one example. * The community is very much alive. Stackoverflow has become the center of it in later years. * Frameworks evolve at a stunning pace. If you blink you missed two versions of ASP.NET MVC. Cons: * Same as above. Hard to keep up with things if you aren't working full time on it. The webpage you did last week is now two frameworks away from the latest version. You spend a lot of time upgrading code to newer frameworks. * The GAC is a horrible implementation of a good idea. The fact that you can't really use signing in a useful way without it also feels like a mistake. * The free versions of everything (compiler, IDE, servers..) feel like second class citizens. You can't code up a prototype webpage in the latest framework and expect it to run on an OSS server under linux. It's hard to know what subset of language/tools/frameworks actually work under e.g. Apache+Mono. A clear disadvantage compared to Node/Python etc. * It feels like Microsoft has a bit of a weird relationship with .NET, or rather, it feels like the OS division of microsoft never really accepted .NET while it has stayed the pet of DevDiv. The worse examples has been the slow death of Silverlight (I can see how it should die, but the silence from microsoft has been remarkable). Now it also seems that MS don't really have a plan for how .NET should be a first class citizen for both desktop and "modern" application development under Win8, instead pushing C++. That to me is extremely worrying. why not add a real module and dependency system to js at the language/runtime level? Considering how important JavaScript has become, isn't it completely amazing that this discussion is even happening now ? I wasn't aware that US companies ranked employees and used rankings when purging the workforce (when I think about it it's a pretty obvious idea). In countries with stronger labour laws "underperformance" basically isn't a reason to fire someone. The employer is responsible for the employees performance (training etc.). This can be frustrating in the software business when just a few really poor performers can really sink a team. Obviously forming a really elite team in the US is easy, since you can purge from the bottom, provided you don't affect morale too negatively. But how do you do it in countries where firing for underperformance isn't an option? It's really hard to get away from a bell-curve team. I'd say most of northern Europe. At least Nordic countries and Germany, in varying degrees. Probably similar in other european countries as well. What is immigration control doing these days when very few people actually get stamps in passports? And if I have stamps from Somalia and Libya in my passport, why would I go to the US wihtout first getting a new blank passport? Are stamps in passport really that useful? > it's easy in some cases to mistake a bordello for a [...], a private nudist club,[...], a swinger club, or whatever. And you mean in Germany seeing a private nudist club or a swinger club in the street wouldndn't be surprising, or immediately tag the area as seedy? Positive and negative freedoms. The right of a subset of the population (Non-consenting sex workers, i.e. traficking victims etc.) to NOT have to sell sex against their will, is stronger than the right for the larger group to be allowed to do so. Just like my right to walk the street without being shot outweighs anyone elses right to carry a gun there. Don't know what is the chicken or egg in this regard, but I think it's clear that with respect to sex (and the surrounding industry), Germany is culturally very different from Sweden which was the counterexample. Brothels are probably just the tip of the iceberg. An ideal law would of course let consenting people do what they want, while people who do it for other reasons should not be allowed to. And of course there are already laws against traficking just like there are laws agains shooting people. The problem is that such a law is both difficult to draft and enforce. So assume we are left with a choice of two laws: completely legal or completely illegal. This law will thus have one of two drawbacks: It will allow forcing people to sell sex without consent or it will make it illegal for consenting adults to do so. There is no more or less freedoms here, it's just different freedoms for different groups. A law against buying sex (rather than selling) appears to have had exactly that effect in Sweden. That is, at least the visible prostitution has decreased overall. In fact it seems to have worked so well that a similar law is proposed in France. And you are surprised to hear this on HN why? Is this a libertarian haven of some kind? It's a law written to limit it, so in that sense a law "against" something. But the whole point is who is the criminal in the transaction. So: The premise of this öaw in Sweden is, basically, that there exists almost zero (or at least little enough to ignore) "fine and peaceful business between consenting adults", so that is a non-issue. I think it is due to several factors 1) only street prostitution is extensively investigated, and the street prostitution is basically trafficking victims, drug users and so on. 2) There is little or no "German" sex industry, i.e. no brothels or other "well organized" industry. 3) Few argue that it is an important human freedom to buy or sell sex, and very few would have a problem with the State having a say in it. I don't know if there has been much research done on whether the prostitution has moved under ground, one can't simply assert it, and it is very hard to investigate (and to interpret the numbers! internet prostitution is way up between 1990 and 2010 because internet) Btw. I don't think there is any research establishing the connection between increased levels of rape with stricter laws or reduced levels of prostitution? I nearly forgot: one of the strongest arguments for having a law in general, and a making the purchase side criminal is this: The selling side knows its own consent, but it can be argued that the buying side can not tell wether the seller is consenting (as claimed consent can't be given any value). If one accepts that problem as real, then one could also say that while there may be both consenting buyers and sellers out there, there are no buyers that can claim they are actually dealing with a consenting seller. The argument is powerful because it dismisses the whole "consenting adults" idea by stating that there exists no pair of consenting adults where the buyer can actually know whether the seller is consenting. Define "web development"? Isn't web development usually done in a programming language like other development? Sure, a lot of it these days may take place in JavaScript which seems designed from the ground up to avoid being helped by IDE's. But in general: apart from the actual whacking out of html and css, "web development" is normally just software development. There is no difference in my need of autocomplete/intellisense/code navigation etc. when I do web things than when I do mobile/desktop/library or any other kind of development. A full day is unreasonable for an interview. But "working for free" for a while isn't. Of course they want to see you working on that particular codebase rather than some other code. And even more obviously you want to jump on the opportunity to see the code. An hour or two of pairing is completely reasonable. That said: shipping code written by a person being interviewed is nonsense. Either the person was assigned completely menial tasks which doesn't evaluate their skill at all, or the manager is a complete nutjob that wants to ship features written by someone who has never seen the code before. If the employer can't provide a person to pair with, and says you should spend an entire day coding features to go live immediately, it would actually seem like the employer believes interviews can be used as free labour. That idea is so stupid it is hopefully rare enough that it doesn't even deserve blogging/discussing. There are tons of useless interview procedures that actually deserve discussing. This explanation is pure genius. Instead of explaining something very complicated, explain how to arrive at the complicated solution by evolving the simple solution and eliminating its flaws. Wish more explanations were like this. Someone do git. Edit: I agree this thread contains a lot of negativity and I agree it's too early to make any calls on this particular game, which does look fantastic. Since so little can be said of this game the discussion is more "why have so many tried to do this, and failed"? So I'll try: Why is "procedural" used as a sales pitch? The only thing cool about procedural is that you can make something extremely vast. But then "vast" should be the sales pitch! I'd much rather buy a game that promised "ten thousand planets carefully modeled by artists", than a game that contains millions of random ones. I fact, I'd probably prefer a sim with a designed world much smaller than that. The thing with procedural environments is that they leave everything to game mechanics. A well designed world can support a basic or boring mechanic (such as a linear shooter). Procedural worlds need a game mechanic so deep and brilliant that only very few games have managed it (minecraft and a few of its inspirations, for example). There isn't much that can be said about mechanics from the trailer, so we'll see. I think (sadly) it will be the prettiest in a long line of "let's make an elite style universe sim where the game mechanic will probably/hopefully emerge from the sheer awesomeness that is an enormous space sim". I agree, mostly, with the conclusions. "Classes" as a method of code re-use is dead. However, his conclusion that ML would dominate C# and Java as a language, I highly contest. The most important thing in my opinion is tools and platform support. Show me a fast, good looking IDE with good autocomplete/intellisense/integrated debugger and UI tools for ML. See? Is there an abundance of libraries and api wrappers available (that doesn't require you to do straight C-interop)? See? Also: the design of a language should be done with the tools in mind. While there is not much difference between norm(vec) and vec.norm() the latter is the form that supports autocomplete. So even for functional languages, being able to use member properties and member functions is an absolute reqirement to support the tooling that we expect. You could say that F# dominates C#. It has almost the same tool and library support, while having the features you expect from an ML type language. Sad to see how close we were to a windows release with the CLR being a first class citizen and a revolutionary storage system as well. Fast forward a decade, a couple of major windows releases, and we are still doing C++, NTFS and COM. Did I misunderstand something, or does this article just list all the reasons it's a bad idea to be a JavaScript developer? (apart from the 99 reasons that is JavaScript itself) basically: you use a language that is the envy of noone, to work with things like web browsers, the DOM and CSS. Anyone would want good money to do that... The common denominator of all that is wrong with development today is the internet. Work on a library, thick client, compiler, or anything like that and you are fine, but work too close to any of the tiers in some kind of internet/web based application and your day is filled with misery. Hopefully this internet thing will just fade away soon and we can all go back to real development. Yeah because in the past when I consumed media I used to listen to the radio until it went quiet. Your facebook and twitter feeds aren't infinite, you subscribe to a limited number of other users. All the twitter clients that don't suck will show you your twitter feed starting from where you left off. When reading, you scroll towards the most recent tweeets, which is where your feed ends. Obviously, as it is a live feed, it doesn't "end", but if your feed doesn't grow faster than you consume it, you will complete reading it in the same sense you complete reading your email inbox. It's a personal preference if you treat twitter like an email inbox (read everything) or like daytime tv/elevator music (a never ending stream of noise). If you start browsing random tags on flickr, or randomly stumble through global twitter feeds of infinite depth, that is no difference from the streams of tv or radio that existed before too. The only benefit I can see from standardizing something is that browser makers who want to claim to be compliant actually have to support it, so you won't end up in the flash/silverlight situation where some platforms don't support it. But if a plugin framework is standardized, why settle for only DRM? Why not fix the whole crapfest that is plugin applications entirely? A standardized interface to a fast sandboxed virtual machine with good hardware support would be excellent. Currently there is javascript, ActiveX, flash, java applets, Silverlight, NaCl, WebGL and a number of others, each having their own benefits and drawbacks. If I want to write a web based multi-threadced GPU accelerated webcam-using application that works on any compliant browser on any platform, what do I do? Isn't that what the next kind of web standards should be addressing? You misunderstood me, I think if there should be standardization of some kind of platform indepndent "plugin" it should address what flash, applets, ActiveX and Silverlight does but in a standardized way. I mean a standard way of distributing binary executables where anything the plugin author wants can be done (within a sandbox). For example the decoding and display of protected data. Much like flash, but with some form of standardized bytecode vm. I understand that the implementation if the actual DRM will probably be closed, but the plugin standard that hosts the DRM code should not have to be. Apart from allowing closed binary applications it should of course offer some other benefit over javascript, such as offering good hardware support (true multithreading with shared data, access to all peripherals, and so on). Javascript even with WebGL+WebWorkers+similar frameworks isn't it. And extremely narrow in scope, being all web centric. And what's with the who's who of poorly designed technologies? if I had to pick a list of languages and technologies with the most annoying design deficiencies, it would be php, js, mysql, vbscript, asp. Web development still is a stinking pile of languages, but at least classic asp/vbscript and most php is gone, right? > Facebook doesn't have anything going for it at this point other than the fact that everyone is on it. Which is pretty huge. Even if I never shared anything and never casually browsed facebook, I still would not stop using it quite regularly, say a few times per week, for things like event planning, direct messaging people (Who keeps a list of friends' email addresses?). So the question then becomes: if facebook is slowly turned into a contact book and event planner, does that mean the end of facebook? Does facebook require billions of people hitting millions of like buttons and farming animals on their walls in order to live? Exactly, but the reduced revenue is likely proportional to reduced operating costs. It will be the white-dwarf end of Facebook, but it would never die until someone creates a feasible replacement. Even at a fraction of its current size, being "just" everyone's contact book for one billion users is still quite a big deal. So it's a definition of when Facebook is "dead" or "gone". It will never go away entirely. To be a good developer you'll need to learn several languages, but that is beyond the scope of the article. But in terms of a "first" language, are those who learn python first and THEN C, Haskell and C# in the end more likely to be better developers than those who learn the same four languages in another order? I think it's unlikely that the language you start with has much effect in the end. Those who never use a low lever language or never use a functional language will be worse developers than those who do, however. So for a first language: just pick a fun one. If you happen to pick JS you can always choose again later. Surely "Bittorrrent" and "The pirate bay" are two separate things? In what way are they destroying bittorrent by attacking a single tracker/index? Isn't that analoguous to saying that trying to block or shut down any random web server serving something illegal is an attack on HTTP? Yes, an attack on a particular protocol is an attack on that particular protocol. The first rule of tautology club is the first rule of tautology club. There is nothing fundamentally wrong with the design language of "modern", and no one ever has needed several resizable draggable windows for their desktop. That UI paradigm should be easy to replace by a nice tiling manager. What I do need however is a UI that lets me run my legacy apps side by side with new ones, in any configuration and number. I don't mind the look of metro and I never liked the start menu. If my start menu is a start screen, fine. The biggest problems are a) the divide between old and new. The mistake was making a completely separate UI rather than making a single UI that could adapt to both touch and mouse interaction. b) the API debacle: what IS microsofts strategy for the future of heavy desktop apps? What happened to wpf/xaml? Developers don't like constant surprises. Hopefully when win9 comes out we can all look back and laugh at this. It somehow magically fixes the dual UI issue. At least if it doesn't we don't have do worry about Win10 at all. I feel it's an obvious problem that apps that allow IAP are listed as free. Has google or apple fixed this yet? When browsing for apps there you may see a top app being free and another costing $1. You pick the "free" one and it turns out it is useless without an IAP whereas the $1 app perhaps would not. It turns out the free app costs $2 in order to function as well as the $1 app. The consumer friendly thing to do would be to list any app that has any IAP enabled to be listed as non free, either using some special labeling (category "freemium" rather than "free"), or by listing the price as an interval rather than as the minimum. It's come to the point where I really miss the time when many apps existed in two separate versions, a free and a premium version. Would that not have been the solution to this problem? I can see that from the developers' perspective the two app solution is bad (also from a maintenance perspective etc.) For users it's also bad because if upgrading is switching you are likely to lose the data (settings, game progress), but since I'd rather do that it feels like the freemium thing must be horribly broken. It isn't hard, it's annoying. It's such a simple fix. I don't mind the freemium model but I do mind the bait-and-switch freemium model where you get the reputation and feature listing of a paid app, but list the price of a free app. Operator overloading is a powerful thing, but C# strikes a balance. It doesn't allow overloading assignment, logical operators and so on. While it should be used carefully, it really makes a difference for scientific types such as vectors. What I find missing from C# in this area is the use of operators in interfaces, which would let you do truly generic things such as make a matrix class that allows any element type that supports addition and multiplication. Try this page http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-US/vstudio/hh341490 Top things I miss in C# - Null coalescing operator - Tuple Construction/Deconstruction - Algebraic data types/Pattern matching - List comprehensions/array slicing - Operators in interfaces After 10 years of C# I really feel that F# is the future. For package management I recommend you use NuGet and you should be good. No need to visit an sqlite website to download anything. Just type Install-Package System.Data.SQLite In your VS package manager console and you are good to go. Deployment/Setup is not really something C# or .NET cares about, there are many different forms of deployment. (IIS, Windows desktop, ClickOnce, Azure) and in each case you can do it in several different ways. I agree it's tricky to know what goes where sometimes, but it's more a problem with those targets than with how you build the application in question. Sorry, I meant a null coalescing property access operator that returns null if the left hand side is null. Today you write something like this var street = (user != null && user.Address != null) ? user.Address.Street : null; When you could use something like this var street = user?.Address?.Street; Like in languages like python or most functional languages where you can deconstruct a returned tuple. Imagine a function that returns a point tuple. Instead of this: var p = SomeFunc(); print("X value is "+p.X); You would do this (x, y) = SomeFunc(); print("X value is "+x); Is this a desktop-only solution, i.e. no mobile? Then it is bound to be a no-go for most users. My checklist is pretty short: 1. Clients available on web and/or all platforms, must be able to add/copy to clipboard passwords on all platforms. 2. Synced or Shared database between all clients. 3. No subscription cost (upfront cost OK). Nice-to-have things would be browser plugins, command line interface etc., but that isn't essential. Yes, I just want the sugar. Also, must not be any slower than the if-then solution of course. If the func calls aren't inlined/removed I don't think it would be good enough perf wise. Aww I thought it was finally a campaign against js The field has widened, but that just means you have to choose between being an expert and being a jack-of-all-trades. You can't be an expert at everything. It takes a decade to learn something inside and out, and then you can't spend all day learning which JS mvc framework has gone out of style over the weekend. If your technology lasted long enough for you to become an expert, you can probably make a living on it even if it goes out of style like COBOL. And if you are a skilled developer you have no problem applying your knowledge to a new platform/language. Those who get steamrolled are those who work but don't develop their skils. After 10 years with COBOL you will be steamrolled unless you have actually become an expert at software development, not just an expert at your job. Stream , IntStream, LongStream, DoubleStream? You can't make this stuff up. EDIT: what I'm trying to say is: why his remark is inflammatory and unnecessary, it's also wrong. This API is perhaps the single worse example of why java makes API's look worse than C#, and there is nothing to be done about it until the JVM stops erasing types. The runtime type erasure would have to be quite clever to realize that a ArrayList should be backed by a primitive array of ints? One alternative is to erase ArrayList into all variants (One for objects and one for each primitive type). (In C# System.Int32 is a value type, and an "int" is equivalent). A List is equivalent to a List and is backed by an array of ints.) I'd learn F# + C + Rust + TypeScript/ES6. Anything that lets me avoid learning C++ or JS. Hilariously no attempts seem to be made to actually sort this out at the language level. Context free grammar anyone? Fear of breaking backwards compatibility is what slowly kills languages eventually. As long as every new version needs to be backwards compaitbile you can only add and deprecate, never remove and fix. I don't mind the C++ that is "C with objects". What bothers me is the broken template metaprogramming, endlessly varying kinds of special pointers, massive libraries that does the same things slightly differently and so on. I know you need to at least have rudimentary knowledge about js in order to use typescript effectively. But I think I already do (I just don't want to learn more as it makes my skin itch). More likely I'll just give up on the entire thing and wait until ES6... Option for what? Yes C and Rust (and C++) overlap a lot. C is inevitable for a lot of embedded and low level stuff, but for large scale systems dev I hope to see Rust replace C++. Let's face it, the internet is centralized (hierarchical), not distributed. ICANN has taken giant steps to being a "global" organization, but in the end it's still a californian non-profit. These reforms seem to just aim to make ICANN a more globally managed organization, and increase transparency in top-level decisionmaking. I can't see anywhere where it says it wants to increase governments' ability to block cat videos. I understand that this is new and scary technology and that gives Tesla some more scrutiny than others, but come on, how many cars caught fire that day in Toronto alone, and where are the comments from those manufacturers? First of all, being a good programmer is helped by a good foundation of CS/Math/etc. It's not necessary, but it helps, it gives you confidence to think that the code is just a means to an end, the logical problem you already solved in your head. If you know algorithms and data structures, have a decent understanding about computer hardware, networks, databases and all that stuff, then programming is much easier. As far as languages go, the JavaScript snippets just show that JavaScript can be utterly horrible at times. The various SO answers combined sum it up. - Single inheritance means it's unnatural to inherit from the player list which is just one aspect of a team. - It's a leak of implementation detail. Tomorrow you may want the team to contain a sorted collection, or a set, or a sorted set. - It gives an unnatural syntax to team.count vs team.players.count. Again, composition wins in clarity - You can still expose any part of a collection interface in your Team class, e.g. team.Add(player). The details of what this does should be hidden. Adding an interface like IEnumerable to the team gives a nice syntax like "foreach(Player p in team)" without breaking encapsulation. - A list is a simple data structure, a team is not. Extending something to completely change what it is usually means you have an unnatural inheritance. A special list (sorted, cirular...) can extend list in a natural way, a business object should probably "have a" rather than "be a" list. It probably will, but for TypeScript and similar variants where proper type context actually exists. Normal JS doesn't even support a reliable autocomplete, much less a compiler-as-a-service based one. It's in no way in a worse place than, say, java. It would be nice if the CLR and Roslyn was open sourced, but I wouldn't make it a primary concern when choosing a platform for a project. The ecma standardization feels at least as important. Xamarin is one of the biggest backers of C#/.NET, and the reason .NET is probably the simplest way to create a 3-platform smartphone application today. You can even use F# for that which is even nicer than C# and open source. So the ecosystem has a few open source languages and several backing companies. This is satire. Calm down. I could switch languages more easily than I could switch dev environment. The lock in to me is bssically simply that there aren't many other good language+IDE combos out there. There are plenty of languages that are interesting but very few come with a great IDE. I'd love to do Rust or Haskell all day, but I'm sure as hell not going to vim/emacs/sublime from VS. I almost envy those who never started using and IDE and can be productive with a text editor, their threshold to switch language is much Lower. Luckily VS at least supports C++, F#, JS and python so it's not impossible to cover quite a lot of languages in it. Use a fast machine. Do not develop in a VM. Do not use a mechanical hard drive. Have at least 8GB of ram. Absolutely do not have any kind of on-access antivirus scan enabled for project output/intermediate dirs or GAC. I find a 100project C# solution (200mb deploy) to be perfectly snappy when using & fast to build. There are and have been zillions of annoyances with VS but perf hasn't been one since I set my machine up properly (in the office most of the developers complaining about build perf could cut 75% or more just by excluding certain dirs from AV scan). Yep, and VS isn't really "complete" without resharper which is a shame because the full versions of VS are already quite expensive. One of the big ones to me is "move class to its own file". Means when you are sketching up some multi-class API or something you can just type away in a single source file, and as soon as something looks half-finihshed I just alt enter and it creates a new file with the correct name and moves the type to that file including adding the necessary imports to the header. A lot of context-switch time gained. Next big thing is navigation. Go to type, go to symbol and go to file are super quick and means I never go to the source tree to navigate the solution. Well, it's fairly easy to keep developers happy. Good hardware and coffee is so cheap compared to finding new developers... I'd be as upset by a group policy demanding I scan my VS intermediate dirs on access as I would be by a no-chairs policy at the office. It's a dealbreaker. I agree the slowness of find (Ctrl+F) and the slowness of the xml/html parsers is still the worse thing about it. I can see how tag soup is hard to parse, but well formed xml should parse in milliseconds. On the bright side, with a good go-to-symbol, go-to-file, go-to-type etc., I search much less for free text. The text editor is only a tiny part of an IDE, the bits that are added are quite important. Integrated debugging (with edit+continue while debugging), integrated version control interface, integrated build system, integrated profiler and much more makes it so much more productive than having to e.g. do debugging with recompile/restart turnaround times. An IDE should aim to pass a simple UX test which is: after installing the IDE with no prerequisites and no further configuration (no I don't want to create an env var, specify where I keep my compiler or ...), a hello world program should be possible to run straight away. It's not a text editor, it's the whole experience. I never even want to worry about where libraries are or where the compiler executables are. I just want to edit and run code. If the compiler comes with libraries, debugger and editor, or if the IDE comes with libraries and compiler doesn't matter. I want the matlab experience, not the gcc experience. Example: A java IDE that can't set up java automatically for me (OR detect/configure an existing install without my intervention) is disappointing. Which is why I think that IDE makers that don't make their language are at a disadvantage (that they should try to work around), and language makers that don't provide an IDE don't take full advantage of their situation. A language/platform without a good dev experience is just not complete. The dev experience is a huge part of what a lang/platform does, and should influence design decisions at every level, i.e. "do we have all the debugging/hot-deploy/profiling entry points in place", or "could this grammar be better for providing autocomplete in invalid synax"? As for java IDE's: it can't be rocket science to detect & use existing java installations in a good way, or even download & install them in the background (even with licensing issues). While it is disappointing if it doesn't have a single setup experience, they should at least try to locate & use an existing install without the user having to specify a path on disk or an env-var for example. Two installs but no gluing is at least acceptable. When xhtml came to replace html4 it was such a huge relief for all OCD developers, and I thought I had seen the last non-xml compliant web page. Now I'm encouraged to write tag soup again because void elements? Humbug. There is a cultural difference in whether PhD studies are seen as an add-on education after normal university studies, or if it is an employment as a teacher+researcher. In Sweden it's the latter, so students are employed as PhD students and get a salary (though usually not very competitive compared to what you would make if working elsewhere). The fact that the PhD students spend a lot of time teaching and not only educating themselves and working towards their thesis is what makes take around 5 years, rather than, say 3 years. It's the html5 standard that is complex and pedantic, it breaks silently when you violate one of hundreds of rules (e.g lists of void elements that can't be closed). XML is simple. Sure it's pedantic in the sense that it breaks, but html5 breaks too only subtly. It's like the difference between java and JavaScript. Java isn't more "pedantic" than JS in ANY way, it just breaks in a more understandable way (break loudly, early and understandably is in my view "better"). Don't confuse the term lenient to mean "pedantic but with very silent failures". The failures caused by forgetting to close tags in html5 are often catastrophic, which is why it isn't "lenient". If html5 fails on some seemingly valid input (e.g. makes a strange layout when you self-close a div-tag) then it isn't lenient, it's still pedantic. It's just as pedantic as an xml standard is about closing tags, only that the specification for closing tags is dozens of pages instead of three words. In fact, I think most developers agree that an error message would be preferable to a corrupt layout in the case of the self-cosed div. Allowing the void tags to be unclosed is the lesser evil of the two, I can even accept the argument behind it (they can't have content) even though it complicates the syntax. The really evil one is to not make be exactly equivalent to which is just batshit crazy. When I want a placeholder tag (to be populated later) I have to write which feels completely unnatural, > what's the recent version of Java that should be installed? The latest one? The most common one? The one the IDE requires? Surely you don't want to use an older one? Even if you deploy to an older target, if you can't do that from a newer one something is wrong. Worse case the IDE could just ask during installation. If the IDE setup isn't made by monkeys, suerely it wouldn't rely on a hard-coded download url. They would serve it themselves or ask a web service on their end for the URL to the java installer. Sorry if I sound like a grumpy old man, but it's exactly this sort of thinkning that makes OSS platforms and IDE's so clumsy to work with. The error is usually the idea of "this tool just tries to do X and doesn't care about Y", or sometimes phrased as "the tool does one thing, and does it well". While that is a noble idea, it should never be used as an excuse for a crappy UX. Because I'd rather have proper types than stringly typed language requiring using a linter and 100% test coverage for avoiding trivial type mistakes. So it's not a web application, but rather a native application (a derivative of chromium)? Why then use html for rendering text if it isn't a web app? (Not to mention javascript...) I wholeheartedly agree with this. The point for me isn't so much "protection" against unforseen expenses it's just that I want to know up front what costs money and what doesn't. When I browse for a free app I don't want to see the crippled in-app-unlockable app next to the truly free app. Strict rules for prices in marketing is a prerequisite for a functioning market, my other pet peeve is the contract phone. Not only do I think telcos should be required to market the total cost (which they are already at least here) , I want to take it one step further and completely ban the marketing of the small upfront cost as the price. No, the cost of the phone is just spread out over 12 or 24 months. It's like saying a new car has the cost of a small down payment, it's completely absurd. A contract phone is just a regular purchase with a payment plan over 24 months AND hopefully a rebate compared to buying the phone cash, since you are bound to the specific company for a period of time. As an example, an iPhone might cost $1 when you sign a $50/mo contract for 24 months. If that contract would be $25 if I keeps my old phone, then the cost of the iPhone is 24 x $25. The bottom line is: the total cost should be easy to calculate, specified on monthly bills (how much is phone payments vs. call costs), and obfuscating the phone payments by masking it as e.g more expensive pre-paid minutes must be outlawed as it makes it impossible to compare the contract to the equivalent contract without the phone. I agree it's a bad idea to have touch devices within an arms length of a drivers seat, even if the device can be interacted with also via voice and physical buttons. It would would be simple to not allow touch interaction while driving. So before you start and if you pull over you can text/call/setup navigation which is easy to do on the touch screen and hard to do with a few buttons. Once moving the touch screen should dumb down to stupid mode with only one valid interaction: hitting the screen hard a few times should silence the navigation voice (a feature I have found missing in most current models). Autocomplete/parameter help isn't about "hey, look fewer keystrokes!". It's about context-aware lookup of what you need, and avoiding stupid mistaks (reordering parameters, typos in method names). The time it takes to write a the first few characters of a method name and then hit the completion key is a tiny amount smaller than just typing the method name outright. But that isn't the point: if I didn't have autocomplete, I'd alt+tab to a browser with class documentation or start searching in the code for a previous invocation of a method with that name I only vaguely remember. With autocomplete, I don't have to remember variable/property/method names, I can either list them or see a list that begins if I just remember a prefix. This is less unnecessary state in my head and thus more time to think about the actual problem. It's an absolutely enormous difference in time spent, and considering the time it takes to context switch back to where you were, I'd say it saves me hours every day. Most of the code you have to call is probably part of a library/platform/runtime (e.g. jre, .net, boost, c standard lib). Even in small libraries it is difficult to learn all the type/method names by heart, and before you have used a function the first time, you have to discover/learn it somehow. Identifiers (e.g. class or method names) don't have to be particularly long before you can screw up something silly like how to CamelCase it, or accidentally swap the order of a 2-argument method. When I have reasonable domain knowledge, like say I include a vector math library, I can guess the type and method names and use the lib through autocomplete without ever looking at documentation. I think it has very little to do with writing and writing speed at all. Autocomplete is context sensitive documentation. Having to look away from the problem (at at web browser, another source file, or elsewhere in the same file) for hints about e.g. a method name, is very disruptive. If someone would use autocomplete in the way you describe I don't think they'd be better developers without it. It's like saying we should all type with one hand since it makes us think more before we type. I'd like to have a word with the person who decided that "something" should show up in a browser regardless of how broken the markup is. I don't see the point, they are charging to install software, is that upsetting? Is it the fact that it is free software they are charging for that is upsetting? I can't see the standpoint of mozilla either, surely you can't be required to have permission to use a "brand name" just because you mention that you can install some software for a fee? EDIT: I did read mozillas terms, but still think it makes no sense. If I set up a store selling computers, surely I can, without permission of software manufacturers, allow customers a choice of software and offer to purchase a license & preinstall the software for the customer? If the problem is the binaries being installed and shipped, that can be easily circumvented by dell installing a downloader stub that simply downloads and installs Firefox for the customer when the computer is first started. The charge would be for the setup of that automatic installer process. Is the issue that there is a cost directly attributed to the trademarked software? If Dell lets users choose from a list of products to preinstall without cost would that then make it acceptable? What if the system has a fixed fee for build/setup? What if that fee is dependent on the number of different products chosen? At what point are they really "charging" for trademarked software? I can see how it is a bad thing for Mozilla if dell charges and uses their trademark, but shouldn't it be easy to circumvent by just moving the charges around on the order page? 1. It can be surprisingly hard to install free software without getting crapware bundled installers. Look at java... 2. If only 1 order of 1000 has the option checked, then that order alone would have to cover the cost of setting up that image. Automation isn't free. Still, hardware is inherently base-2. What I'd like to see is hardware assisted adaptive precision predicates and compilers/runtimes that make proper use of modern instructions. I have never ever thougt that float/double/decimal was too much choice. Again with the assumption that "startup" is synonymous with "web/mobile app". What about thick clients/desktop apps/consoles etc? If I were to start my career from scratch in 2014 I'd pick F#, and keep an eye out for Rust. F# for several reasons 1) Tooling, I like proper thick IDE's like xamarins or VS. 2) better platform support (I'm serious, it isnt tied so much to windows as you might think but is one of few languages you can e.g make a 3-platform mobile app with today!). Running Haskell in the same IDE with the same compiler on several platforms is hard. Making android/iOS or web apps with it is also tricky. 3) I like ML more than Haskell, 4) trivial to slap a non-functional C# front end on F# business logic should that be necessary, much harder to do from Haskell or ML without having to resort to C/C++. F# has gone from tiny to quite popular (#12 spot on Tiobe currently), and that shows very clearly in the quality of tools and availability of libs now. It's not the same language/community it was a year ago. By comparison, Haskell is 49 and no ML lang is in the top 50. Technically, yes, but for most situations, no. The requirement that ngen'ed assemblies must be in the GAC makes it very far from the "compile what you want to native" tool I'd like to see. How can a library of this size and importance not be run through a linter, with violating patches rejected? And why is a cleanup effort of the simplest stuff not undertaken? And with it being C, doing a proper operator spacing+indentation of the whole source should be as easy as running it through a tool (yes, auto indent is always better than a broken indent). What's the next discovery? The core is all php and there are zero tests? A lot of the content tooling for games is usually written in some other more productive language (C#, python, ...), so there is a lot of contact between managed and native even for AAA games, even though very little of what actually ships in the game is managed code. Getting a performance boost (or not having to interop) in a level editor, texture tool etc. will likely be welcome. The tradeoff between safety/convenience/productivity vs. performance of C# vs C++ for example can't be motivated at the moment, and probably won't be with SIMD. Writing .NET code with deterministic performance is hard, so hard that C# is no more convenient than C++. I think any complex performance sensitive (Web browser, Game, SSL-Implementation...) is soon too complex to be done in C++ and too performance sensitive to be done in managed. Rust can't be released soon enough. Certainly. But abstract it enough and the abstractions and syntax extensions required become another language. Abstract it to the point where you don't have any pointer arithmetic, a good type checker and so on, and the C code has turned into something else. Just adding wrappers around buffers to prevent overflows etc. doesn't come near the type of safety you can get in languages where you can prove formally what is going to happen when the program executes. Before you have the kind of security you can reason about like http://www.mitls.org (rather than just abstractions for buffers etc.) it can't look like C any more. This isn't a fundamental dilemma like the consistency/scalability dilemma of databases. This is (or was) just a limitation of languages and compilers. The arguments for using C are many but in this case the most common involve the need for low level access (for perf, timing) C is certainly very much suited for some parts of an SSL implementation e.g. when you need absolute deterministic performance to avoid timing attacks etc. (Although performance should certainly be good enough with modern compilers for most languages, and avoiding side-channel attacks by having deterministic execution time is also possible without resorting to C). Using the execution speed as an argument for writing the whole thing in C is just wrong. I haven't heard any good arguments as to why a library such as OpenSSL shouldn't be written in Haskell (or say 98% Haskell and 2% C). Did someone at some point say "There is 2% of the code that is performance critical and/or needs low-level code for cryptographic reasons so I'll write everything including the network code, command line argument parser, world, dog and kitchen sink in C" ? I see what you are saying, any language that has a runtime has its security dependent on that runtime. F# can compile and run on a variety of platforms (not sure which mitls are compatible with) not necessarily the ms CLI only. Normally I'd argue that running safe programs on top of a runtime/VM would make everything safer since you would only have to prove ONE system (the VM) to be safe, but with the Java debacle of recent years I think that argument isn't really as good as it used to be. I agree with what you are saying: for proven security you need to prove properties of all the layers down to the metal. Not sure how difficult this is for good "safe" languages such as e.g. Haskell. You can only prove it secure against known side-channel attacks. In a language with a good type system you would probably use types that support only constant-time operations. Protecting against everything including side-channel attacks that are unknown at the time of implementation will likely never be possible, regardless of language. Thus for language choice this is a non-issue. Still: if you can avoid the stupid bug-holes and just leave the exotic side-channels that would be a big win. "Badly specced" can be a number of things. Some domains have naturally well specified domains, others do not. The business rules of a company, a countries' tax code or building code usually is not an elegant business domain. It's usually a horrible mess of incremental decisions accumulated over decades. Often even logically incomplete or inconsistent. Here is an excellent example of a design-by-committe specification for a domain that is incoherent, illogical and complex (Part of a modern day building code): http://www.fierabolzano.it/bauschau2005/congress/EN_1995-1-1... Of course no implementation can be more elegant than the underlying business logic, the question is: how does the language help me write an implementation that is as nice as possible when the business domain is horrible? I think Haskell code often looks beautiful but I attribute that not only to it being functional/pure/compact/elegant but also to the code usually being examples of "clean" domains (mathematics, etc.) being implemented in a way that is suited for demonstration, and the fact that it is usually written by excellent developers (who are the ones who tend to preach FP, for good reason). What I'd like to see are some large-ish real world examples of FP architecture for horrible business problems, not nice ones. > Subtracting details from background without adding details to subject ... Not sure what you mean by this. Blur is only due to focus distances and aperture sizes. Making the depth of field narrower (making the OOF regions more blurry) does not add detail to the areas that are in focus. Usually, it's even the other way around. Example: Say we shoot a portrait of a person at 5m with a forest 30m away in the background, at 3 different apertures: f/1.4, f./11 and f/20 At the largest aperture (f/1.4) the background will be completely out of focus and the face of the subject will have sharpness at "80%" of what my lens/sensor combo can do in terms of resolution. The less-than-excellent subject sharpness is because lenses aren't perfect and using the largest aperture will reveal this. Even if you use an expensive professional lens, it will have it's maximum sharpness at some aperture that is smaller than the largest. What does happen in the shallow DOF shot is that we have a form of perceived sharpness (usually referred to as "pop") which is an effect that is simply due to the fact that the subject is so distinct from the background. At f/11 the subject sharpness is better than at f/4. It is now probably near 100% of the maximum resolution the sensor/lens combination can deliver. The background is significantly more discernible/focused now. If it was a green blur in the f/1.4 shot is now a forest of very slightly blurred trees. At f/20 the subject's sharpness is again less (e.g. 90%), this time due to the physical limitation known as diffraction that occurs for very small apertures compared to the wavelength. This shot has completely focused trees in the background. To put it another way: when you take the f/11 portrait and go to f/1.4 you take away almost ALL of the background information, and SOME of the foreground information, while adding NO new information. The entire shot will be less focused when you do. Yes, my wall of text above applies to static subjects and cameras only. Whether the freezing of subjects results in more information (detail) or less (without movement info) is subjective. Completely agree. Some language constructs that are "almost symbols" such as fn certainly works well to abbreviate, but for function names and types it feels outdated and hard to read. If a common function name is too long to spell out like iterate() then that is a candidate for sugaring out completely, not cutting in half. Even in good C codebases that run static analysis, there are errors due to mixing up "memcpy()" and "memcmp()". UT4 is one example where this happened. Java raises an exception. If you handle it in code, the app does not crash. The crash is a consequence of failure to handle and recover from the exception. Granted, it is very rare that you can/should recover from nullpointer or OOB exceptions anyway. What you can do though is try to clean up things, show a polite message and shut down the application in a semi-controlled way. "Preventing crashes" isn't the best description of Rust's novel protection systems. In my opinion, the best part is providing guarantees about data integrity and security, e.g. preventing heartbleed type read-overruns and preventing data races in concurrent code due to shared mutable state. Of course when you have a web application running requests using some thread pool or even more lightweight worker, then what we call the "application" is likely the request and you most likely don't want to kill the app server because you have good reason to believe the other requests are unaffected by the failing requests. These come to mind (there are probably even more) 1) Complexity: Managing complexity is just easier with compact syntax, immutability etc. Applications are becoming larger and more complex, and languages that help reducing coupling and code size will become more popular than those that easily allow getting the job done at the expense of high complexity (e.g. OO/imperative). 2) Concurrency: With concurrent/multi-threaded applications being par for the course rather than something exotic, functional thinking is now required for many applications regardless of language. 3) Modularity/Decoupling/Interoperability: SOA and API's means you can develop independent bits of software that communicate in some language agnostic way (e.g. http). The CLR and JVM now both have support for functional languages that work well with their imperative siblings. This means you don't even have to be loosely coupled by http, you can write an application where the logical/computational bits are F# and the UI is C# while in the same application. Apart from these we must not forget that almost all the large imperative languages (C++/C#/Java) have gained numerous functional constructs in recent years. Few of us can imagine working in an imperative language without lambdas these days. So functional thinking has slowly been sneaking into the imperative programmers day job too. This has made more of us interested in these languages that consist almost only of these bits we find to be the most elegant in our OO languages. It's simply less scary. In 1998 the difference between Haskell and Java 1.1 was quite large. In 2014 the difference between C#5 and F#3.1, or between Java 8 and one of the functional JVM languages, is no longer big enough to make it scary. y is a pointer to a pointer to a pointer to a pointer to a pointer to an instance of Foo. What the author wanted to show was that there is automatic dereference: z = y.foo() Will just reference through all five pointers and call the method on the object directly. In this case I find the single page much too busy, and I'm likely to miss important information simply because it is drowned in detail. I'm happy reading a couple of pages of a select few resumes. Which ones? The ones with a good first page. The first page should be all I need to begin with. If using several pages, it shouldn't be half the info on the first page, other half on the second. Just put the important bits first and keep the details on subsequent pages. Anything that is too much detail goes on the second. For example, you could outline previous work experiences on the first page, while going into detail on the second. You could specify programming languages you master on the first, while listing specific experiences/frameworks/systems built on the second. Basically, just the headlines from this resume should go on the first page, while the lists of info beneath each headline could go on anotherpage. That lets it be scanned in seconds, lets it look good with good use of whitespace. Obviously when applying for a job, the resume should be tweaked for the specific job. A very relevant experience from a previous job can be lifted to the first page and so on. Feels like it needs proper (reified/runtime) generics in order to be useful. Reified generics and value types would be a complete and long overdue break in backwards compatibility. But It's a bit sad how java struggles to become a C# from five years ago. Would make a lot more sense to leave java alone, add reified generics and value types at the bytecode/vm level and instead launch a new language that could use all of it. Throw in pattern matching, algebraic data types and a bit more and I'm sold. There is a huge industry doing e.g. CAD applications that will likely never be web based. I'm not saying erasure is a bad idea for the jvm, but from a java perspective it's horrible. Not having structs or primitive/struct collections makes all types of low level interop and/or high perf (e.g game) programming cumbersome. Specialization for value types (including ones not known at compile time) is the main point imho of reified generics, yes. I like scala and agree that F#'s typed sometimes feels like the bastard child of ML and C# (although I do like ML syntax better). I agree with you that the backwards compatibility of java is a feature now, since so many other languages incorporate what we'd otherwise want to see in java. I thought that compile time specializations wouldn't reach all the way, just like C++ templates don't. I think they are probably trying to solve the same problem from two different directions. Google appears to be making an advanced and expensive solution to "full" autonomous driving. The limitation will not be in where it can go, but it is initially limited in weather/environmental conditions. The target audience is likely not production cars in the short term, but a system like theirs can for example make their street view photography cars autonomous: they can work in summer, stop if it rains, and it doesn't matter too much if they cost twice as much as a regular car. It will of course be a regulation nightmare to allow the driverless cars out in the street though. Volvo on the other hand will probably try to make a simpler and much less expensive solution that will have to work in rain/darkness/snow, and not add a significant amount to the cost of the car. Clearly that means having other restrictions, presumably in the overall intelligence or in which roads it works on. Volvo's system is likely intended for making day-to-day travel more secure at the lowest cost possible, not for creating completely autonomous navigation and problem solving (e.g. 4 way stop turn-taking). It must work in almost any environmental conditions, but it will probably require a driver at all times, and will almost certainly not work everywhere. So a divide-and-conquer algorithm on collections is more elegant functionally than imperatively? Also: water found wet. Haskell is elegant & Java isn't, but cherry picking examples always comes with a risk of making your argumentation straw-man-ish. Would be interesting to see some examples where imperative isn't so horrible, and how Haskell compares. The in-place sort the author mentions, for example. Question is: starting in the idiomatic Haskell implementation that you discover is too slow, what is the next step? How does one iteratively go from that to a slightly faster one, to an even faster one? You don't, because it's near impossible. In Haskell you have defined quicksort, not instructed your computer how to do it. That's the reason it's beautiful, but also the reason it's hard to iteratively refine your soluion. There is basically only one definition of quicksort: your program, and you can't iteratively "refine the definition" You can try to make it in-place in Haskell but there is no clear transition from your initial version to the in-place version . The in-place haskell one looks something like this (and that java code shows no sign of envy now). Answer: like this http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5268156/how-do-you-do-an-... This is my main problem with functional programming: it makes it very easy to go 90% of the way in a very elegant matter. Once you hit that brick wall though, you come to a point where you'd cut an arm off for a mutable array. Perhaps the solution isn't to write horrible Haskell but rather either use a less strict functional language OR outsource that 10% of the code to an imperative language, rather than making contrived, complicated code like the in-place Haskell quicksort? Sounds like a good read, sold! Point is: when you post a view or a location name that's when you want to tell the world where you are. I'm not inadvertently revealing my location I'm very much advertently revealing it. I assume there are much more creepy techniques to tell where I am when I don't explicitly reveal it. If your language has you type more because it has a static ype system then it's just poor at inferring types and/or it's syntax has you write out things that it could infer anyway. You may have to write types in C# from time to time, but often you don't have to: // This an array of integers. var x = new[]{1, 2, 3}; // This is a list of integers. var y = x.ToList(); // This is an anonymous type. var pet = new { Age = 10, Name = "Fluffy" }; Zero type names there. Not all types can be inferred by literals though, most annoyingly dictionaries: var myDict = new Dictionary { { "test", "test" }, { "test2", "test2" } }; although I'm sure that could also have been created without typing out the name if you really wanted. > So even when the network can model your function well, there is no guarantee that it will find the solution. If it models the function over the input domain, then it is properly trained. If it is trained to a local minima then it doesn't model the underlying function well over the whole input domain. If you have good/representative training and validation sets you will be able to tell. > Esp. if its clear that in their minds NN have magical powers I know that type. When dealing with ANN's you realize quickly (just like in all data science) that all of the "magic" relies on the manual work and thought that goes into washing and adapting the data. Not very sexy work, and work that requires a fair bit of knowledge about the problem domain. > For me ANN's always seem to get stuck on not very helpful local minima That isn't the ANN that gets stuck, it's the training algorithm (using gradient descent) that gets stuck :) Training is orthogonal to the operation of the network itself (which is just a nonlinear function in the end!). Gradient descent via error backpropagation is the most common training method for MLP's, but you could imagine doing a random/brute force algorithm that is significantly simpler to implement, but slower. Since a network is often trained once and then used repeatedly, it is often plausible to train it for several weeks if needed! A pure random search is usually not feasible, but adding randomization to a gradient descent will help. There are many ways to avoid local minima for a gradient desccent, if you have time to wait. > maybe they'll also mention something about "genetic algorithms" The simple error backpropagation methods only work well for normal feed-forward networks. Other topologies e.g. recurrent networks require more exotic methods. In my (limited) experience genetic algorithms are rarely efficient as a training method though. Wouldn't it be quite easy for a link shortener to find the final target url and just point to that instead of pointing to another shortener url? It could even heuristically try to search further if the pointed to url looks like an already shortened one (i.e. it's shorter than a treshold). You pick one API per platform. With DX you get All PC:s that run windows (I.e almost all gaming PC:s), as well as Xbox. If your game targets another platform such as PlayStation you pick LibGCM or similar. GL can be used as a back end for some/all platforms but you can't use a single GL backend for all platforms because of the differences. The fact that DX is hugely popular as a backend for Win/Xbox even for games/engines that also target non-DX platforms is pretty compelling evidence of its popularity among developers. Police use helicopters for all sorts of things. What is problematic isn't the monitoring from above, it's that it is so cheap. A helicopter with crew costs over $1000 per hour, so we know you know we aren't being monitored indiscriminately from above. Its simply to expensive. With drones, the cost of air surveillance drops to a whole other level. A level that almost allows for mass surveillance. The same argument can be made about drone warfare: it's not the shooting/bombing from above that is disturbing, it's that it can be performed at almost zero risk. The same argument we saw in communications surveillance. When listening to a phone call was expensive it was one thing, when listening to communications became free we know what happened. Cost, however, shouldn't be what limits surveillance, regulation should. If police can switch from a helicopter to a drone for sime mission, and save 90%, that should be a good thing. > How do you regulate the regulators? That's politics. Democracy requires things like accountability, transparency. If the government has huge authorities that are almost completely opaque to scrutiny, that's a democracy problem. Wait, if special interests make laws that's another very fundamental democracy problem. This isn't passing the buck, it's pointing out the obvious fact that its all one and the same. Democracy is having all your authorities under scrutiny and control by the people. It's hard. In a state with unbelievable amounts spent on lobbying and with self-monitoring intelligence authorities, there are certainly things to work on. Imagine a country where corporations can't sponsor political campaigns. Or where surveillance isn't monitored by secret courts applying secret laws. Democracy isn't black or white, it's always a shade of gray. The average house sizes are more culturally rooted than dependent on standard of living. For example, by measuring size of apartments/houses and cars/capita you'd find Manhattan to be the poorest (lowest standard of living) part of the US which is of course nonsense. We don't have urban sprawl in order to accommodate cheap/large houses, but it's by choice, mostly. Standard of living and various happiness indices include so much more than could be fitted into the term purchasing power (which is higher in the US than in most of the world). My standard of living is very dependent on 5-6 weeks paid holiday, 6-12 months paid paternity leave and so on. In my income bracket I could afford those things just by saving, that is, I pay more for them through taxes than I receive back, but I'm still strongly for them. Among other things because only through normalizing long paternal leaves did it become acceptable to employers to interrupt your career 6-12 months 1-3 times in a career, without being classed as "not motivated" or passed over for promotions etc. A Rust port of JodaTime should definitely be based on Jon Skeet's NodaTime (the .NET port) which probably maps easier to rust because of the closer similarity of C# to Rust (value types etc). Instant failure even on simple questions that it should pass easily. - what's your fathers name? > He's a gynecologist. - O_o clearly not the application that fooled a third of judges. It should be in the public (government) interest to have Young adults date start and thus complete their degrees as early as possible in life. It's also presumably in the public interest that as many as possible are included in the pool eligible for qualified jobs (you want the top students to be doctors, not the children of rich parents). Social mobility is also a factor, if university studies are expensive that will severely limit social mobility. The conclusion is this: higher education should be free, and governments should not only ensure that it is, but that the free education holds at least the same quality as non-free (perhaps surprisingly this is already the case in many countries with free higher education). Even without tuition fees, housing, food and books are expensive, so grants or cheap loans are still necessary. The solution in Sweden and many similar countries is to have state guaranteed (I.e subsidized) loans where there is no private entity wanting a premium for the risk of lending money. The result is that anyone can afford taking loans to study, and it usually pays off very quickly. In what way is it unsolved? For what type of games? In my experience, for any games that allow you to easily run your own server for you and your friends (e.g. Counter Strike), finding servers is no problem. With g-sync and similar we will probably see smooth gameplay at lower refresh rates, meaning 4k gaming can be a little closer than it would be if we wanted 4k @ 60Hz. The real elephant in the room is the poor scaling of applications, on my 4k laptop screen on windows 8.1 I tried making it work for a few weeks using windows' scaling settings, but caved and just set it to 1/4 resolution and haven't looked back. On a small screen the benefit of more pixels just doesn't outweigh the downside of many apps being unusable. As the article says, the routine use of hormones and antibiotics for livestock has been banned for almost a decade in Europe. What scares me is that with the new trade deal currently being hammered out between the EU and the US, there is a lot of pressure to "harmonize" the regulations, meaning the US will demand their chlorine-rinsed chicken, and hormone/antibiotics filled beef be allowed in the european markets. There is a possibility that some authority in the US will (be lobbied to) require hormones/chlorine-rinsing/antibiotics in order for the food to be deemed safe for American consumers, yes. So sadly, there needs to be some "harmonization" meaning turning the clock back a couple of decades in Europe. > Use of anti-biotics for livestock has not been banned in Europe, where exactly do you get this info from? http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antibiotic_use_in_livestock#E... (And by Europe I meant the EU) Sadly, not all countries seem to respect the ban. In a few countries (e.g. Sweden) there is neither vaccination nor any antibacterial treatment of the meat. And salmonella is nearly a non-issue. Climate may be a factor, but probably not the only factor. imho if we allow "cheap" treatments such as vaccination or preventive antibiotics, that also means we allow a cheaper way of keeping your animals healthy (cheaper than rigorous routines for hygiene/disease control/animal separation). if it's allowed to do so, it's a competitive edge, so it becomes standard practice. Your healthcare system (which allows a tie betwen health and poverty) is the root problem of your poverty. Your statement about health problems leading to poverty means a guess of your home country would be "Third world country, or the US". How screwed up is that? I hope your health improves. Sadly, you can't legislate away the fact that there are always people who have less money. Last I checked, the possibility of getting a rent-controlled apartment in NYC was about the same as it is in stockholm (where you could argue that almost all apartments are rent-controlled). Even with market rents (which will come sooner or later), you won't find an apartment to rent because no one would build them (more profitable to build to sell, plus there is barely any place to build left in the central city). The law was recently changed so you can charge the true cost (including interest rates) when subletting, meaning that there is now a market for subletting apartments that uses market pricing more or less. In th tech sector, it doesn't really matter where you come from as long as you speak English. If English is your first language, even better. The problem with getting a job in Sweden, which can be surprisingly hard is because a) worker protection laws are strong, bordering ridiculous. You can literally not fire the worst person on your team and hire someone else. b) salaries are comparably flat with high entry level salaries. Due to strong unions and high taxes on work, minimum wages are high ($10-20 depending on sector) and the minimum cost for hiring someone could be 50% higher including fees/taxes. This means there are no cheap employees. Together with generous benefit systems, the equilibrium unemployment is high, so there will always be a pool of people speaking Swedish that can take the job you are after. For unskilled immigrants without good English skills, this is a huge obstacle, there are thousands of people that literally cannot "produce" value that matches the cost of employing them. On the positive side, once you have a full time job, you can provide for a family, without working a second job or more than 40h/week. For skilled and/or English speaking immigrants, coming here shouldn't be a problem. Most people speak English, including bus drivers and anyone else you'll meet. I think the consensus is that swedes probably have the best English of all who don't have it as their first language. So it isn't just realistic, it's simple. Language-wise you may find it easier than parts of the UK (I'm not even joking). In the tech sector as well as all larger/multinational corporations English will be the primary language used. In fact, people who come to learn Swedish are routinely disappointed when they don't get a chance to try it, as the swedes are so delighted to speak English. Is there an outline somewhere of the differences between ordinary Mathematica syntax and "Wolfram Language"? I was a bit disappointed when I first discovered that it seemed so only resemble Mathematica, which is excellent for REPL style programming but pretty hopeless for large scale structured programming, much like Matlab. Of course regulation is needed. Insurance, car-standard, driver skill, all of that has to be known by the customer merely by the fact that you are stepping into a taxi. Can there be too much regulation, too archaic? Sure, but I can't see how that motivates sidestepping it entirely. In Stockholm, taxis (normal ones) are regulated in terms of insurance etc. but unlike most other cities, taxi prices are not regulated. This hasn't meant lower prices through healthy competition but rather hundreds of scam companies charging 10x the fares of the 2-3 largest companies that have 95% of the market. I miss the days of more regulation, but won't use Uber merely because they don't guarantee union wages etc like the other companies do. It's hard to trace products through the entire chain of production, but yes, in Sweden it's quite hard to buy products and services produced without the union setting the wages (there are no minimum wages set by law, only unions, and the union negotiates wages also for non-union employees). It might be under the headline "Scandinavian model" of that econ textbook. Empirical only, of course it isn't a perfect natural experiment as there is no control group. We can't know what the regulated prices would have been. I think that is very much up to the local political climate, whether there are companies/groups that want to protect the status quo, and so on. Uber is a global thing, it may have started because of local taxi regulation in the US, but all I'm saying is that it isn't necessarily the same thing everywhere. If wages were left to market mechanisms, there would be no need for a set minimum wage. The fact that there is a minimum wage, and that many earn just that, is a clear indication that the market price of labor isn't negotiated between parties of equal strength. To be clear: regardless of who sets the minimum wage, there is a minimum wage, and you aren't free to take a job under that level. To be honest, it would seem easier to "control" the union of which you are a member, than to adjust the minimum wage. It's just two organizations where one (congress/parliament) feels larger and further away. A huge drawback of a single minimum wage (not differing between different parts of the labor market) is that it will spel trouble for companies when businesses on different parts of the cycle would be treated the same. As an example, here companies relying on export such as truck makers are hugely sensitive to drops in global economy, and unions will accept frozen wages to limit layoffs as soon as bad times hit, which it does early in the cycle. Meanwhile service jobs or the public sector may be at a completely different point in the economy cycle, with perhaps 1-2 years before bad times hit. To use the same wages in both parts of the labor market would be a rather blunt solution. I agree that FP will not be the solution to all problems just like OO wasn't, but what FP does is it forces the developer to think hard in every situation. There are fewer shortcuts that can lead to broken abstractions and hard to find errors. On the other hand, with OO you are always just a few more lines of code away from shipping. It's popular because it provides easy abstractions over data (rather than operations), but as we all know it causes unnecessary coupling and broken abstractions if you aren't careful. Imperative programming (not just OO) presents a lot of problems for concurrency, which is perhaps the biggest problem in the coming decade. OO can be done right, but when it is, it's just as "hard" as FP. In fact, a lot of good OO code is functional in nature. What is tempting about FP is that it will make programming hard enough that bad programs won't ship. Is proponents of FP think that programming should be hard. That it should require a lot of thought up front, for every line of code. In a good lang and framework, a complete program is a good program. This idea is likely not very welcome in an industry where deadlines are always more important than quality. "PHP-elitist" is an oxymoron, right? Like a dumpster-foodie or an instant-coffee aficionado? There you go! There's a person (and programming language) for every taste... It's important to remember that C# does not imply .NET Xamarin has done some great stuff lately, for example you can use C# to make a native 3-platform mobile app. This is still proprietary tech, but it isn't Microsoft and it isn't .NET In my eyes the best thing about the .NET ecosystem is the tools, if you like me fancy a polished IDE like IDEA, then VS is definitely one of the best ones around. In my eyes tools are more important than platforms, languages and licenses. The productivity hit of poor tools is much more expensive than anything else. Also, if you are looking at C#, don't forget to consider F#. Compare a minimalist service built on Node/AWS with one built on F#/Azure and it's not too different in cost but a much nicer language and better tools. If I were to make a web backend of some kind I'd go with C#/F#, but NOT IIS, not SQL Server, and depending on the instance costs of hosting, perhaps not windows either. This is a good list of frameworks, including NancyFx, ServiceStack http://fsharp.org/guides/web/index.html This has changed a lot, especially over the last couple of years, a lot due to the F# project. You should look at self-hosted NancyFx or ServiceStack with F# as a good alternative to Node.js The fact that the "other solutions" aren't popular is probably just because C# is the go to language in windows/.NET shops that already have knowledge and infrastructure. It's not that they are technically inferior. Linq is an opportunity to write slow code very quickly. Of course when you have to spell out a 1-line Linq expression as a 50 line method, you'll notice that you wrote a triple nested loop and avoid it. But the point is this: the longer code is MUCH harder to comprehend than a concise Linq query, and the developer that didn't see that their Linq query was going to be slow wouldn't have reacted on that the expanded version also looked slow. The single line query can be more easily refactored as it can be comprehended. So I say write slow code so you can find what's slow early on. The problem is likely to be in the architecture and data structures rather than in the processing code. If Linq gives an opportunity to deliver a working example quickly, and that example shows that for large N the perf is horrible, then Linq was extremely useful! Change some collection type, demoralize something, add some caching etc. and then slightly adjust the Linq query to suite. Large query methods are inertia to such changes so when they DO become necessary it's a larger effort. Note that I mean Linq to objs now not Linq to Sql or some other provider. Short term costs work the other way though: every company or organization needs to be able to read an office file in the latest format, edit it, and return it to the sender with full fidelity. If OpenOffice inserts a page break where MS office wouldn't have, that is a problem. The open programs read docx reasonably well, but implementing ms word clean room with all it's behaviors is near impossible, and every difference hides a cost for the users that communicate. Within an organization you could agree to use some open format (regardless of word processor), and you could archive in some long term format. But you can't change the fact that incoming documents will be in the format that Microsofts latest word processor spits out, and you never want to have that nagging feeling that your word processor may have misread it ever so slightly. The costs seem to mention training and support, but not comparing productivity makes it useless. It's like arguing that you can use the Gimp rather than photoshop, which is only true until you try. The whole point of software is that it increases productivity (word processor rather than typewriter). While it may be the case that Linux and open source alternatives saves a bunch on licenses, I don't buy the argument that it is an amount "saved" until thurough research is made in the productivity of the users. If you want to be international, you don't even try that. You let the communication say "Dear $Name" and you are done. Even if it means none of the emails say what you want it to say. And yes, even for a US system I don't think it's a good idea to ask for first/initial/last or to ask for formal/informal. Chinese users in the US will be happy to just see a "Name" field. Just ask for a name! I'd stay away from gender/greeting too. Mr/Ms/Mrs/Dr etc. are way too culturally narrow even for the US. Well, it could work either way I suppose, but in my experience, usability/productivity of desktop software is severely lacking in OSS software (unlike e.g server software). Perhaps due to problems attracting non-developers to work on them. Polish is expensive, but polish is productivity. The potential upside like you mention would be more licenses at lower cost. Whether that was a bottleneck depends on the organization in question. Either way I don't think it's possible to make any conclusions without research. There is such a thing as inherent productivity in the software though. Switching from one piece of software to another has a fixed cost, but switching to software that makes you more productive will help offset that cost. I agree on OO. The risk in my eyes here is that OSS (desktop) software is almost invariably less productive than proprietary software for some reason. Switching that way can make sense if you save a lot on licenses, administration etc., but if you have to pay once for a switch AND then pay continuously by using less productive software you are taking a much higher risk. It may give a warm fluffy feeling to be using open standards, but the problem is that the only standard that exists is a de-facto proprietary standard set by Microsoft. It may be noble to try to change that, but I certainly wouldn't want to spend tax money being the first major city to do so. > Well while we don't need to state reasons, there is also the risk that all proprietary software is less productive for some reason. Only from simple empirical studies of a few software packages (OO vs MS Office, Gimp vs PS, Eclipse vs IDEA, Blender vs. many) I think it's fairly obvious that the "normal" open source model doesn't match the megacorp development model for complex desktop software. My best guess at the reason is that 1) Ivory Tower is better than committee design for user interfaces 2) you need a LOT of expensive non dev resources such as designers and focus groups which just don't seem to materialize for the open source projects like they do when Adobe or Microsoft waves a pay check. I think there may be lots to save in administration, servers etc when moving to Linux, but 2014 isn't the year of desktop Linux, far from it. You really can't motivate not buying office for a few bucks per month and expect to save money. You CAN probably save a ton by ditching exchange/SQL server and so on, where there are plenty of good alternatives. But Ubuntu/OpenOffice instead of Win/Office? I doubt it, given reasonably low volume license costs. That just says that web browsing is now a mobile activity. I think this project is about replacing desktop and laptop computers with linux. On desktop laptop windows is still dominating and losing mostly to MacOS And then we should remember that the big cross platform ones are used by an audience 20x larger than Linux only applications, so they should be the good ones. What's a good, large/complex OSS app that beats its proprietary competitors? It sure isn't gimp or eclipse. It's Chromium! Which is backed by a megacorp. See the pattern? I have yet to see an OSS project impress me with a large/complex desktop application. I'm sceptical it will ever happen. interesting. If the message is in English, would such rules still apply? We are talking about formatting a message with a foreign name (origin unknown) in a known language, e.g English. I think the same argument holds for OO vs MS Office as well. They are much closer than Gimp/PS obviously, but for power users they aren't even close to interchangeable. A good middle ground would be migrating the 95 or 99% who are "casual" users to open source, but you'd then have a heterogeneous system, which isn't ideal. VM's could be used to have all-Linux desktops and still provide users of win-only software with what they need. My point is: the big savings are in the 95% but the big cost is for migrating the last 5%. The cost of win (desktop) licenses is virtually zero, and office subscriptions are also dirt cheap. That's not where you save money. It's a few dollars per month. You can motivate that cost even for someone who uses office apps casually once a week. A dedicated digital audio jack would be a useful addition, it could even take the place of the useless composite video RCA, so the port arrangement of the Model B would be kept. With a digital audio jack a pi could be a decent hifi music streamer, better and cheaper than the AirPort Express. Now you need a $30-50 splitter (or the hifiberry add on) to get the audio off the hdmi, which makes the total cost more than double. It should be fairly simple to have a single rca jack serve both purposes and switch with a jumper. It would be interesting to hear how many actually use the rca video. Some of these are borderline useless, but I can definitely see the point in bots pulling structured data into templates IF the data is rich enough to gain from being in human-readable format OR if the topic is noteworthy enough to warrant a stub, that is, it is likely to become a hand written article in the future. The last time the CIA picked up targets in Sweden it was a quick job with an unmarked private jet headed for Egypt. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/05... Highly illegal, and had our foreign minister not been murdered, she would have been held accountable as there was a huge outrage over the whole debacle. To me this says two things: 1) "the law" didn't mean much last time, so Assange is right to be careful 2) his public profile together with the last incident in fresh memory means he is probably at very little risk to be treated illegally in Sweden, especially as elections are coming up in September. My guess: he'll go to Sweden, he'll be questioned by police, then let go. Seeing as he spent a couple of years hiding to avoid this, he will probably find this surprising, and no one else will. It's not even a trial, merely a questioning. And while he has offered to have the questioning take place in London, Swedish law simply doesn't permit it. While that might be ridiculous, it won't just change for this particular case (and Swedish authorities don't make the laws, they enforce them). Next he wanted guarantees from Swedish authorities that if he were to travel to Sweden, he wouldn't be extradited to the US. Swedes tried to explain that no such guarantees can be made: authorities can only process requests for extradition once made . Giving a guarantee up front would be illegal as it completely circumvents the laws regarding extraditions. These two things combined meant Assange complained "I can't be questioned here nor be guaranteed I won't be extradited to the US!", both of which are ridiculous complaints when you read the laws involved. Government should not give preemptive assurances and forego the courts, regardless of whether it has happened in the past. The main question is: what is there to gain for Sweden by offering any guarantees to Assange (other than having him show up sooner)? It's a matter of relations with the US (which are closer than they should be as Snowden revealed) versus the matter of human rights. A delicate decision without a given answer. In Sweden one probably wants to keep the possibilities open and delay all investigations regarding refugee status, extradition requests etc to when they actually have Assange. If he wants to wait several years until he needs to visit a hospital, neither the US nor the Swedes really care: his whereabouts are known. Try Stockholm, it has a huge tech sector and you can go there to work as an EU citizen, no questions asked. You can't afford to live in stockholm either without a job of course, but programmers get jobs quite easily if they speak English, and salaries are decent. As everywhere salaries vary wildly (as they should), but an uneducated "scriptkid" without experience probably makes EUR2500/mo, a 5yr exp collage educated developer makes EUR3500-5500 and top devs of course make much more than that in some industries. It all depends. "Rent" is pretty much unheard of since getting an apartment to rent in central stockholm is impossible due to rent control, so if you move to stockholm to work in tech you most likely sublet someone's apartment at EUR750-2000/mo depending on size and location. A single bedroom apt in central Stockholm is ~1000. I'd think so too, but not sure about exact terms and amounts of paperwork. Oslo has higher rents and prices but also higher wages and lower taxes. I think he size of the tech/programming job market is probably quite a bit larger in Stockholm though. So if the advice is for developers only, I'd recommend Stockholm over Oslo. For many other jobs it would be the other way around.