porn is no longer allowed (well, cannot reach) on /r/all I did not know that aimee was born in 1997, nor can I find when her father's crimes actually transpired, other than that he was convicted in 2018. My initial impression was that aimee was a transwomen well into adult hood (an adult complicit in these crimes). This whole thing is going to blow up spectacularly if it comes out that the father committed these crimes when she was in her teens, and she is a product of being a victim in an abusive household. I don't understand, did she double down that her dad was innocent/what he did was ok? All I am aware of is that she says she did not know it was happening. And frankly if she was only 15 or something at the time, I would likely believe her. I would also leave open the possibility the she was being abused too, and feared retribution. At least with cigarettes, it takes 2 - 4 years to really cement your addiction. Plenty of younger people (well I guess it's with juuls now) tell themselves they can quit whenever they want, and take break during a week of family vacation. No problem, so they keep on smoking. 5 years later when they try to quit they realize that maybe they weren't as bulletproof as they thought. I know for sure it happened to me. Of course caffeine could be totally different addiction wise, and thankfully not nearly as deadly, but just some food for thought. I'm D tier programmer who would easily land a programming job if factorio was the skill metric. I'm not a programmer, I only know enough C to do simple embedded micro designs. Electronics is my jam, so I probably could get much better if I took the time. Small talk and the like is tiring, but getting to talk about your pet project with others who grasp it's depth is a rare and exciting thing, and there is no denying that in person communication flows the best. You can't even do that for civil servants though. The actual number of "encounters gone wrong" vs total encounters is vanishingly small. People think there is an epidemic of police murdering minorities, but in reality the number of unarmed black men killed by police is somewhere between bear attacks and babies drowning in buckets in terms of annual deaths. That's not to downplay the horror of such killings, but to put it into perspective of the pervasiveness of the problem. The media and especially social media of turned it into a full blown public health crisis. I have a friend who bootcamped for 6 months and landed a $130k/yr job at a buzzword start-up doing app development. No previous coding knowledge or really even tech interest. He did accounting previously. He makes 3/4 of what the president of my small defense contractor company makes, a guy who has been an RF engineer for 35 years prior to taking on the leadership role. The two fresh grad EE's we have are both spinning software in their free time to nab software dev jobs over EE jobs, because the pay is often double. You might find this interesting https://inflationchart.com/spx-in-m1 It basically shows the value of the S&P 500 as a function of total cash in the system. Especially with the rising cancer known as SaaS. Soon you'll need to be paying $10/mo for your thermostat to work, and you'll need to fork over another $200 every other year to upgrade the hardware. >If its ok for a young person to leave their hometown, move to a city and call it home to make a better life without thinking about the locals, then it must be ok for a person with a small family living in a city to move to a smaller town and call it home to make a better life for his/her family. The reason that theses two scenarios are not equivalent is so obvious I'm wondering whether or not I'm misinterpreting it. You also have the issue of the wealth divide. Its gonna be very difficult to hang out with locals when your annual income is more than they have made in a decade. Jealously alone will tear things apart, nevermind the near complete lack of overlapping life experience. So you end up with the wealthy newcomers only interacting with other wealthy newcomers. Essentially a new culture in a place that had an established culture for years before hand. Think of it like this. You can throw a lot of different juices and alcohols into the punch bowl before it becomes apparent that something is different. Pour a half shot of vodka into a glass of wine and the difference is immediate and off putting. There is very little tolerance for change in a glass of wine. The cultures of small towns really don't have much elasticity nor are they expected to have it. People don't like change and normally no one except other small town people come in. Cities are generally something that people rotate through in huge numbers. Cities are always changing while still keeping some on the side as a homage to their identity. For the most part though they are always in flux by nature. NYC is not the same as it was 10 years ago. ________ NY, largely the same for the past 200 years is suddenly changing radically in the tech WFA renaissance. There is no doubt in my mind the council will be hi-jacked if it hasn't already - some of those ordinances are "a little out of touch for modern living". Anyway, before I rant too much, my point is that comparing the elasticity of a city's culture to the rigid and fragile cultures of small towns is ridiculous. Its a fucking thermostat. I don't need the company to be bankrolling a $2mm/yr AI team so that the thermostat can try to make better guess about when I want to turn on the heat. I always assumed those were Chinese reverse engineered. They do some absolutely insane reverse engineering over there. I was thinking about this problem too, and realized that the photo-finish also provides placings for all the other contestants. Some other type of sensor might be able to more accurately place who was first, but could struggle greatly differentiating the pack of contestants behind them. Can anyone enlighten me about 5G? To me it seems to be absolutely nothing more than a marketing tool meant to sell a new generation of phones and phone plans. The fact that it is pushed so fervently just sets of red flags galore for me. 4G is plenty fast and works well for me. I see nothing gained for my phone by going from 100Mbps to 1Gbps(?). Nothing. But its pushed like the second coming of Christ. The financial/economic forest is way overgrown and no one wants to be the one to set it on fire. My "junk" e-mail address is a yahoo address. I'd actually be a little sad to see it go, I have almost 20 years of random e-mails in there. On the other hand Apple competes hard against Samsung, yet relies heavily on Samsung to build a large part of it's competing products. Although I admit that this might not be as true anymore as it was a few years ago. Amazon doesn't need to be nationalized, it does need to be broken up though. The dividing lines in the organization are so clear you could practically tap it with a hammer and it will fall apart into nice individual pieces. Yeah recently I had to replace the HID bulbs in my motorcycle. The Amazon ones were junk so I wanted the same ones I originally bought 11 years ago. Sure enough there was the email from 2010 and the company still had the same bulbs. This reminds me of the current influx of software guys into the microcontroller space. Arduino's, pi's and the like. You have these super knowledgeable people who are unable to execute the electronics side of their project, so now we have a huge market of things abstracted up to their level (i.e. LEDs with all the necessary electronics already embed, just call the address and go). This isn't even just a hobbyist phenomena. Electronics design itself is becoming more and more "turn key hardware", where you just slap chips on a board, string them together, then get chugging on the software. The pot holes play a trivial role in the example. The point is that face time is much cheaper than people make it out to be, and politicians don't have time to be doing deep research on the hundreds of applicable topics they vote on. I believe it was Al Franken I heard talking about this, and he said that often times politicians end up voting with the lobbyist desires because no one ever lobbied the other side of the issue. For instance an energy lobbyist asking for the inclusion of exemptions for it's potentially overweight trucks on local roads to support the new gas well jobs created, that "will easily make up the potential and definitely trivial road repair costs". Nobody shows up to lobby the other side of the story. The energy company painted it perfectly as a 100% good thing, while someone could have donated $200 and after bit a research shown it was actually a sham and the official would have agreed. But no one did. I couldn't agree with this more, and very much to my personal detriment I spent way to much time trying to live those ideals. In the end it's just left me fruitless and feeling like a sucker. >This is not an uncommon position within progressive circles. Many if not most progressive ideals are predicated on "the blank slate" theory being true. It's not a matter of common/uncommon opinion, it has to be true. It's an axiom of modern progressive theory. What happens when one of your axioms is anything other than rock solid? This is why the claws come out so fast when you bring up genetics in progressive groups. Twin studies have done a lot of work in this area. Two genetically identical children, separated at birth and raised in 2 separate families. At least from these studies, genetics play a far larger role than expected. I wanna know who supplanted PM with DM. It's PM god damnit! High frequency trading tech finds a new field. My "radical" take is that we need to crush wages. Mcdonalds cook - $40k/yr Senior Dev - $130k/yr CEO - $180K/yr I don't know how something like this could be implemented, but we are on a fast track to 95% of wages going to 5% of workers. If it did escape from the lab, I cannot help but think about how fateful of an event lead up to it... A tech accidently knocking over a beaker? A tiny rip in a bio-suite thrown in a trash, missed the can, and picked up and put back on the shelf by another worker? A leaking containment vessel, known to need replacing, but still worked "good enough"? An animal infected with the virus, handled by someone who wasn't aware of what it had? Endless possibilities, but likely something so small and seemingly insignificant. A good rule of thumb: The more moving parts its has, the more points of failure it has. This goes for pretty much everything. I highly suggest that people check out/try out "ABX comparator" plugin for Foobar2000 player. You give it two files (say a 128kbps mp3 version and a lossless flac verison) and it runs you through a double blind test of the two versions, quizzing you along the way. It's not just "listen to A" "listen to B", it gives you lots of options to listen to them and compare them in different ways, including obfuscating what track is A and what track is B. If you think you can really hear fine differences in audio, it can be very eye opening (ear opening?). Humans emit recycled CO2 Cars emit new CO2 >no nod towards personal responsibility This argument always bother me when discussing things at macroscale, because it ignores that someone has to do that low wage job . I was just talking to a co-worker about this yesterday in the midst of a discussion about our new (more expensive and no better) heath plan. His argument was that if people don't want to work the lower paying jobs (where healthcare costs are crushing), they should have worked harder/schooled more/played less/whatever to get to a better position. The obvious problem though is that we would not have a functioning company (or economy) if everyone "worked harder". The lower payed workers are the reason that high payed workers can exist at all. So the idea of "work harder" is actually moot. At the extreme you end up with the whole population at the same level, and when everyone is rich, no one is rich. What are white collar workers if all the blue collar "worked harder" and became white collar? Useless, they are useless. Now if I take some liberty, usually people pushing this "worked harder" rhetoric are acutely aware of what I said above, and push it as a means to maintain the status quo, because making it easier to jump from blue to white collar threatens their value. So when are we going to break up Amazon? Claiming they "enjoy immunity" against illegal stuff posted on their websites is like claiming that you "enjoy immunity" against illegal stuff that shows up in your physical mailbox. It's not enjoying, its sensical. I just can't take these people seriously. They rallied hard against net neutrality because "the government can't tell private companies [ISPs] what to do" Now they want the government to moderate speech on private platforms. That's hypocrisy that even a 2nd grader could point out. My choice name is "Global Pollution Epidemic" I think it really captures what the the problem is, rather then making it some concept that seems abstract and immovable to the average person. Lots of people deny climate change, almost no one denies that humans pollute a lot. >The specifications are very carefully designed I need assurance though that my cables were carefully designed. The forest is so incredibly overgrown, sooner or later someone has to set it on fire. Seeing the (end) effects doesn't matter. Everyone sees pollution directly, whether the simple knowledge that the sea of cars on the freeway in front of them is burning gas, or just seeing litter all over the place. "Pollution" is a tangible thing everyone experiences. Telling people there is a pollutions epidemic, that is something they can immediately relate too. It doesn't matter that the smoke stack they drive past every day is just water vapor, they hear "pollution epidemic", they see what they interpret as pollution, their brain tells them "yeah, this is real". Remember this phrasing isn't for educated or knowledgeable people, it's for common folk who don't put much thought into anything. I remember in 2015 when we were decades away from a computer topping a Go champion... I get that HN is still social media, but the level of sludge here is at least an order of magnitude less than general reddit, and probably way better than twitter (I could never get into twitter despite trying my best). To me HN is the final hold out of the old social news sphere. Geeky computer nerds with inflated egos having (mostly) geeky computer nerd discussions. That doesn't sound like much, but at least the average IQ is higher than room temperature and knowledgeable discussion is more popular than puns. This is borderline retro encabulator talk. Reach out to Tom Scott (I'm serious, he is very responsive to e-mails) and he'll probably make a video about this, especially if you are in the UK like your name suggests. I know I would love to see it. Because fossil fuels are the best energy source, absolutely smashing the competition circa 1850 and still the top contender today. If we found a comparable energy source today that checked all the same boxes as fossil fuels, sans climate change and plus energy density, we'd be all over it tomorrow. It crushed me last year when we ordered extrusion/machine work samples (a lot of 10 pieces) from a major American brand and some from "Ricky" a Chinese machine shop connect one of the guys here heard of through doing other parts sourcing in China. The Chinese ones were better machined, had no issues, and were 1/3 the price. I weep for American manufacturing. I'll throw in $20 if I can be the periscope man You would be able to get affordable private insurance if you had a cyber security team. That's not a function of banning cash however, its on account of the rise of credit cards. No one sacrificed or was inconvenienced to get here, it was just natural progression with good side effects. That would imply that cyber security isn't effective in mitigating these attacks then, no? I just want to point out that there is no real evidence of this. Statistically, I'm sure it happened at least once, you can find one example of anything, but this phrase originates with a single anecdotal story from a single nurse. There was no trend or array of stories. Just one lady who said she had someone denying it on their deathbed with zero corroboration, and then she got 2 days of news cycle. Busy with their quarrels? You mean directly funding China's transformation with an insatiable appetite for cheap shit? I don't know if I'll ever forgive Google for killing blob emojis Crypto is definitely the easiest way. No accounts (well I suppose a wallet could be an account, so perhaps a wash here), no bank linking, no credit cards. Crypto is the closest thing to internet cash payments. Aren't they already "illegally" making the payments via some 3rd party loophole? Way back in the early days before exchanges, you literally bought and sold them on forums using bootleg paypal ripoffs (since paypal didn't recognize virtual money = buyers could refund) I put off my 20,000 BTC purchase because it was so sketchy. You just need it to be at a point where the masses are satiated. If we come to a point where the average person cannot afford a modest living (which we are pretty much on the brink of) then it doesn't matter what's logical or not. People are going to get upset and inevitably start breaking things. The problem is how do you tax wealth that is mostly in the form of investments? How do you tell Bezos he has to dump 1% of his controlling interest in Amazon every year to pay his tax bill? Sam Harris had a recent podcast where he talks about how he was recently at a dinner with a bunch of big tech CEO's and leaders. He asked them why they are all capitulating to woke twitter nonsense, and how if they just ignored it then it would die out. They pretty much told him that ignoring it was impossible, and they couldn't even entertain the idea. So there is your answer. That kind of rhetoric has a lot of power right now. The thrust behind this was that companies need to go back to being apolitical, and it's workers need to leave their politics and ideologies at the door. I am wondering (knowing nothing about this) if there is an issue with the approach to acquire data that it putting AI in a difficult position. This is akin to trying to train and AI to walk in the footsteps of a geophysicist, rather than making new footsteps for the AI. I guess I would extend this to radiology too since it seems to be the same issue. Let me give an example: People often mention that truck drivers are safe from automation because lots of last mile work is awkward and non-standard, requiring humans to navigate the bizarre atypical situations the truck encounter. Training an AI to handle all this is far harder than getting it to drive on a highway. What is often left out though is the idea that the infrastructure can/will change to accommodate the short comings of AI. This could look like warehouses having a "conductor" on staff who commandeers trucks for the tricky last bit of getting on the dock. Or perhaps preset radar and laser path guidance for the tight spots. I'd imagine most large volume shippers would build entire new warehouses just to accommodate automated trucks. A long time ago people noted that horses offered much more versatility than cars since roads were rocky and muddy. How do you make a car than can traverse the terrain a horse does? You don't, you pave all the roads. What gets me about doctors, and maybe I'm just unlucky/haven't seen enough doctors, is that I never get that "expert" vibe from them. You know when you're talking to someone who does, say, database management. And they have been at it for 15 years, have a bunch accreditation and are well compensated for their work. You just get the impression that you can pull the most esoteric question about databases out, and they'll go on for 45 minutes about all the nuances of it. No matter how hard you try, you with a mild database understanding, would never be able to pin them. I just have never gotten that vibe from a doctor. I always felt like I was only a question or two away from them shrugging, me googling, and me finding the answer. People talking like drilling a well in your backward is on par with typing in a different URL. So how about this, the upfront cost and effort of typing in a different URL is at least a few orders of magnitude easier than drilling a well. And waiting 10 minutes for confirmation Edit: Lightning networks are bandaids on a prototype cryptocurrency. That's a broken calendar is right once a year situation. Ehrenfest didn't just die similarly, he took his (disabled) son with him! I'm pretty sure you can still dig up climate scientists that deny global warming. Playing the "both sides" argument implies a coin or card, where both sides are equal. In reality this argument is played by people who know their side is dwarfed but want to project legitimacy. Seize the opportunity to talk about what you did there! While I admit I haven't listened to the podcast (yet) I'm not sure how you get around that issue that the free market value of medical services will defacto price in the value of your life and health, which is infinite. >Carl Hewitt of actor model fame I'll admit that threw me for a loop for a second. From NJ, wouldn't change it. No need to get out of your car and deal with a dirty pump. You can also get out to go in the store while they fill your tank, or some smaller places you can buy stuff right from the attendant. Gas doesn't cost any extra because of it either. We used to have some of the cheapest gas in the country before a recent tax hike. Basically a free service, no tipping either. One downside is that if it is busy you might have to wait, but the guys are usually pretty quick. In theory they would be identical, but in practice a flat road would be better. There are more real world inefficiencies with going up and down a hill. It strikes me as more likely that bunny is just memorizing button combinations (or more likely just a button, with ad-lib other buttons thrown in) that lead to certain actions - totally independent of the words being said. Take chimps for example, who learned hundreds of sign words. Despite knowing how to "communicate", they never once asked a question. I haven't watched a bunch of bunny videos, but it strikes me more as astrological sign reading than "dogs finally have a meaningful way to communicate". It's because the DoD was ordered to release everything (sans classified stuff, I suppose what shows off too much of our own abilities) they know about UFO's by June 30th. This somehow got in one of the COVID relief bills from last year. The report is supposed to come out this Friday. Some congress people saw it last week, including the classified stuff that will remain classified, and pretty much just shrugged after the briefing. So all that is at least why the media has been talking about this so much lately. I'll also add that Sam Harris said he had someone from the DoD, or at least connected to the DoD reach out to him about "How do you go about revealing evidence of alien technology to the public". Sam's stance on this possible revelation has been "The source is legitimate, but we'll have to see what they actually come out with." I'm haunted by Roko's Basilisk. The story in it's original incarnation may be a bit outlandish. However, dial it in a few notches and you get a powerful AI that can associate you with anything you have ever left a data trail for, in the hands of an unknown future bad actor. In fact I wouldn't be surprised if that was the thrust for the initial conception of it. Given that, the Basilisk may already be in it's infant stage. Someone recently pointed out to me the parallels between prostitution and labor. And I kind of can't shake it out of my head now, since I feel you can draw pretty straight lines from one to the other. Both are selling your body for (relatively) high pay. Both have you burn out usually by your mid-late 40's. Both are dangerous work. Both have high degree's of human trafficking*. Both subsist mostly on young naïve workers. Both have no education requirements. Both have success predicated greatly on genetics (strength vs. looks). Both are the oldest professions in the world. Really the most substantial difference I can see is in how society values men vs. women, dispensable vs. protected. Which is of course the same way humans valued men and women for pretty much all of history. *Trafficking is tricky because in the US it's basically if you do (illegal) sex work and have a boss you are being trafficked. Basically everyone in construction would be "trafficked" then, so instead I go with a high degree of desperate illegal immigrants who will do really any work (ripe for exploitation). Edit: I should note that my take is that prostitution should be legalized, regulated, unionized, and not stigmatized. It should be on the same social rung as labor. ~~If you watch any interviews with sex workers it's clear that they view it as a job, not as a pleasure act. Many porn stars for instance have boyfriends/husbands and note that sex with them is different then their day job sex.~~ Also I am talking more about hard labor, construction, dock work, mining, landscaping is is taxing but it doesn't pay the big sell-your-back-knees-and-possibly-a-limb bucks. Ah, I see. Clathrate Gun anyone? I'm sticking my head out a bit here given that this is HN... But I largely attribute the high productivity of tech to the simple nature of software as opposed to the tech industry being comprised of the most productive workers and efficient management. The flexibility and efficiency of software is insane compared to even just the hardware side of it, much less medicine or home building. >If I were making a salary in that range I'd think it would be possible to retire after about 5 years if one was frugal. We have our fair share of 30 something's on here already eyeing their exit. Nice mountain home, fun side projects, and perhaps some consulting here or there. Given your take, what kind of evidence would you envision seeing that would give you certainty that anthro cc is going on? Would the evidence arrive before it was too late to do anything? I am essentially a self-taught EE thanks to the internet. There is no shortage of engineers posting educational content, and no shortage of extremely knowledgeable engineers willing to directly help you with problems. I've done dozens of projects and even brought one to market. I guess the flipside, in my experience it doesn't count as anything in the professional world. Since I back doored engineering, I am currently the technical lead on two projects at my job, both of which have vacant engineering lead positions - making me the defacto engineering lead. So I do the engineers work for technicians pay ($19/hr). I am also the only technician in the engineering dept. as opposed to the lab. I should have just stuck with programming 20 years ago. Sorry this is a bit of a rambling tangent I went on. Maybe a warning to others that a degree is often more important than the knowledge the degree brings. I have associates degree in electronics tech and did go for my full engineering degree, but failed out...twice. I cannot for the life of me reliably pen-and-paper-clock-ticking solve complex equations. I even payed out the ass for a top tier tutor, no luck. I very firmly reached the "Maybe this just isn't for you" point. But with my own work and in my job, being really bad at high level calculus or diff eq has never even cropped up much less been a detriment (Well it does crop up, but in the SPICE simulator/circuit simulator). Oddly enough the engineering lead here is an uncredentialled engineer, but he was also the first employee 25 years ago so I suppose he is grandfathered in. Not that he doesn't deserve it either, he is wildly knowledgeable and capable. Yeah, I have. The problem is that I really do love electronics. I am a decent C programmer, for embedded applications at least. I have never written an actual PC program though besides tutorial stuff. A friend of my did a crash course boot camp for js, and did eventually get a good job out of it. Maybe I should think about doing the same. I'm actually looking for an out right now to respin my luck somewhere else. Right now I engineer by proxy, i.e. I do a design, document, or ECO and my boss stamps it (which frankly isn't too different than the other engineers, he ultimately stamps their stuff too). I have prodded my boss about it and he more or less said that after our recent acquisition by parent company and parent parent company, things are very corporate by the book. It seems right now we're in a state where they are getting full engineering work at a 50-60% discount and I am getting to do engineering work despite being hired as a clock punching lab grunt. This is a good resource, thanks! I just cancelled my prime this year after 15 years. I'm surprised this hasn't become a more visible trend. Amazon has no shortage of shitty practices, but it seems very few people actually care. The scandal will be finding out that some big time artist was actually just copying works from a custom trained AI. Wait till we start spraying the stratosphere and everyone stops caring about emissions again. Then we'll have a gun to humanities head where we must spray or face guaranteed immediate ecological annihilation. Probably. When shit starts really hitting the fan (i.e. bottom lines are being directly affected) it will be knee-jerk authorized. It's the only rapidly effective technologically feasible solution we have. The "theory" is that it isn't too environmentally damaging either, so there isn't much leverage to push back against it. It's basically like benzo addiction for the entire Earth. You take it initially to band aid your ills. You get addicted to the fix it provides. The fix is so good that you accept the bad effects. You become dependent on it to the point where quitting becomes deadly. Given the location and possible severity, the only viable way to an emergency room might have been a helicopter. Which insurance almost certainly would not cover. So the insurance is saying "If you paid $80,000 for a medevac, we would have covered your hospital bill". A Tl;DR of the situation with the FDA: - "E-Cigs are the greatest public health invention of modern times!" - Oh wait! "Think of the Children™" - "We need to full on demonize e-cigs à la '90s anti drug style!" This is pretty much what went down. It was recognized as miracle, but the fear of kids getting addicted was too great. So instead we're going the path of full on propaganda against it, while kids get addicted anyway. Probably never. I'd venture that the overwhelming majority of users on the internet do not even understand the concept of the ad model, much less the downsides. To them the internet and everything on it is free (and what isn't free is just greed by the owner) and ads are these annoying thing that crop up everywhere. I had the idea of going out and flirting with guys directly, then giving them your onlyfans as your contact. I imagine this would effectively be a money printer. I'm surprised onlyfans women don't do this routinely. If you were an even marginally attractive women, and you could hold a decent conversation for 20 minutes, I probably would be stuck ponying up $10 to see you naked. Even knowing that I got played. Calculators are generally useless in Calculus. Or at least they should be. Calculus is a process, and normally you are graded on that process, not on the answer. We were allowed calculators too, but the problems were designed that anyone even mildly good at mental math didn't need them. In theory you could teach all of calculus without ever even using numbers (perhaps except 0). Millennials in their 30's have something crazy like 1/6th the wealth their parents did at the same age. I've thought about this a lot, but the stumbling block for me is getting services onboard. The problem is that subscription services make billions annually on forgotten subscriptions. None of them want an easy "disable" slider next to their name in a convenient app. It also makes à la carte subing easy, where you sub for a month every few months to "catch up". Basically, good luck getting an API with an easy unsubscribe command from any subscription based service. At least now we have piracy as a counter balance for that. Allow facebook into your private circle of trust and boom! personalized ads and privacy! Alright HN, so what is the end game here? I'm sure some of you have some experience working in the "ad supported" space, and obviously most of the internet and many of its services run on the ad model. So where are we going to end up if there is a full on public distrust of the current ad model? The government buys a shitload of stuff and everything has to be sourced* and made in America*. *There are exceptions, but they are rare. If you can't program it by directly showing it what to do, throw it in the bin. They probably intend for it to be SaaS too, effectively having you pay a workers wage for a truly terrible worker. You're competing with general intelligence robots that cost $12 - $15/hr. That's 10 years of full time labor for $300,000. No shot. This looks like something designed to attract ignorant investors/talent who think small time manufacturing looks like a Ford plant but with less robots and more humans. In reality it looks something closer to Grandma's kitchen on Thanksgiving. How are you gonna stick a robot in there and have Uncle Fred program it? I can't see this as anything other than a flashy high school engineering project. Much wow! little application. Source: Work in domestic manufacturing. (for valid if regrettable reasons) Well now you got me curious. Why is that? I don't think downvotes are the problem. I think the problem largely comes from the echo-chamberization of platforms. The people who would normally upvote your honest good faith against the grain take are no longer on the platform, because the reigning ideology pushed them out. That doesn't mean you are necessarily ideologically aligned with these people, reality is much more nuanced then black and white. In my experience with immune related diseases, and reading about the immune system, the takeaway from all of it is "The immune system is ridiculously convoluted, and nothing necessarily makes sense or doesn't make sense" Given that I can totally understand why they would investigate something that seems self-evident. I wouldn't have been even slightly surprised if they found that high antibody count meant higher susceptibility to re-infection. The immune system really is a spaghetti code mess of a system, and has seemingly as many intuitive as counter-intuitive behaviors. I imagine in the near future some security company leveraging amazon's "No checkout" grocery store AI camera system to watch for theft. You won't be arrested but you'll get blacklisted on a shared database across dozens of retailers. The future is going to be weird. I'm eagerly awaiting social pushback on the spreading cancer of SaaS everything. Honestly if they do enough volume to spin custom silicon, which gets cheaper and more accessible every year, it would become impractical to bypass the security. You essentially would get an electric motor and would need to rig up your own controller. And likely also figure out how to get the DRM battery to work with it. The motor is driven by a controller which modulates external switching transistors as a function of trigger percentage and the direction switch. It likely also does stuff like battery monitoring and thermal foldback. You're on the right track, but domestic cats are not native species in most places. I recently watched a short mini-doc about Notch, of minecraft fame, and it seems he really went through it after selling MC for $2.5 billion. He talked a lot about isolation and an inability to connect with other people, despite becoming well known for insane parties and stating he has the ability to do whatever he wants. Other people who have come upon sudden riches have expressed the same sentiment. There was a great post on reddit years ago from a guy in wealth management who talked about the severe lack of "human experience" when you achieve maximum wealth. If European winters turned into Canadian winters, the ecosystem would likely be devastated. Sorry if your post was just sarcasm. The issue is that fossil fuels have ridiculous energy density for their cost. Nothing else comes close. It absolutely blows my mind that Twitch still uses Xsolla. It's literally amazon using a third party to do what they are experts in. I had a half baked idea of the government seizing shares, and those become non-voting shares. Those shares are then rolled into a huge fund whose shares are distributed along with tax returns. It would probably amount to essentially free $SPY shares. Didn't think through it much, aiming for a national product that elevates everyone in the country. Kinda like a Norway oil fund. Except humanity and emotion kick in. People generally don't like to leave their country. I'd be confident in calling out the rich on this bluff. Wait till it can ID shoplifting, and people get added to a shared database of blacklisted shoppers. You can steal no problem, but one day you'll be approached and asked to leave upon entering almost anywhere. Note that permethrin is very toxic to cats. You may want to be careful if you have them around. Technically, just to be that guy, she worked all the extra time and was compensated for it with a recommendation. >any sense of urgency is almost always overblown. Things really do have a way of resolving themselves. This is just another way of saying "Nobody does anything until there are bodies on the ground" The point is to at least attempt to resolve the issue before there are any bodies on the ground. And often at the very least those efforts mitigate the number of bodies that do end up on the ground. I think the concern is that some of those satellite operators might be totally subject to the will of some dumbass dictator or politician. I think of that Romanian dictator (Ceaușescu) who let his totally uneducated wife design the subway system in Bucharest. It was completely non-sensical, but the engineers had their hands tied (although they did secretly build stations in anticipation of common sense coming along at some point.) Cobalt and nickel are the issue. Most people agree that you should not be allowed to drink and drive, yet some cannot transpose this logic onto being vaccinated. If you want to drink and drive, go for it, just don't do it anywhere public. If you want to be unvaxxed, fine, just don't go anywhere public. And why the pyramid scheme is going to collapse, unless we can continue to undercut our own workers with cheap/static cost immigrant labor. >How do they save for retirement then? This is borderline "Let them eat cake"... "Hold these incredibly uncertain investments instead of holding a mildly uncertain investment!" There is a crossover point somewhere on the income/QoL scale where children go from utility to liability. It's incredible recently, and still only in some countries, where children are in the liability area. By and large for all human history, children where a utility. More or less free labor to help support the family. I mean, that makes sense. The immigrants are there to replace all the missing kids (as well as unskilled workers). It's weird to think back to a decade or 15 years ago where it was shameful to be an "internet addict". Spending a lot of time online was generally frowned upon, and not something you would talk about. Now the entirety of society is an "internet addict". I'll admit the nerd inside me feels a bit vindicated, even if horrified overall with where the internet has taken us. What service are they using that gives 10 yrs of connectivity for a flat price? I'm pretty sure in CA it's that police do not respond to calls for anything less than felony theft. So it creates a situation where you can walk in the store, grab what you want, and then walk out with out having the police called or anyone legally allowed to stop you. It's my understanding that there are young English speaking party loyalists from affluent (relatively) families who troll western social media. These guys aren't doing PR so much as kicking up dust and defending/denying all CCP actions. The only thing that really bothers me is TikTok has CCP party members sit on its board, that review and have final say on everything. To me this is a massive liability for the US. It's just a matter of time before China starts to dabble in "content shaping" on the platform, if they aren't already. Where are you going to post your retraction when it is just temporary? I dug through the GCP dot page, and if I am understanding it correctly, their near-perfect RNGs have turned out to not be very random? Because if you're not in the country legally you don't have a bank account. The issue with this though is two fold: 1.) You cannot have a nation of college degree high skilled workers. At least until robots and AI are widespread. Being rich is a lot less fun when you cannot spend it anywhere, because none of those places have a staff. 2.) Since people aren't having kids, and we love to saddle the future with liabilities, someone has to fill that void. All the hot shot AI inventory management software in the world is useless without grunts actually executing it's guidance on the ground. The meme to mock those critical of immigration (usually conservatives) is "Those dirty immigrants are taking our jerbs!" It's a miss statement about when the crux of the issue is. It's not jobs being taken, it's wages being held low. I worked at a warehouse that started pay at $12/hr. This was in 2016. Talking to one of the older guys, he started at $12/hr as well. In 2001 . I'm sure you can guess what the worker makeup of that place looked like. There is no need to raise pay if you always have willing workers. Man, I lived that same nightmare scenario with the flipped G-S pins on a MOSFET. I had the board spun and excitedly soldered it all up. It was a relay logic project with a few micros, tons of LEDs, swaths of general logic chips, and a lot of relays. It was a hybrid mechanical computer, nothing massive, but a lot of components. Fired it up for the first time and got nothing. Just like OP I narrowed it down to the relay coils not firing. No signal out of the driving MOSFETs. Being a fool I had trusted a random online library for the MOSFET footprint, and of course the footprint had the G-S pins flipped. I painfully bodged one before deciding to just bite the bullet and spin another one. I cannot imagine doing 300 like OP did, good on him. I've build a small run of cool electronic trinkets before and it's really a killer how economically unviable it is. My BOM cost (just raw components) was twice what the final cost of a comparable product, with free shipping, from China was. A lot of people are into "local made, hand crafted" until they see it costs 4x as much for something that functionally isn't 4x as good. Bug meat, but it would be challenging to sell. Worms can be grown by the billions incredibly economically and efficiently, all while still being meat. I could see GM worms having a better flavor profile, and boom, "lab" meat. CME now offers water futures for some regions of California. Crypto evangelists have done so much to obfuscate the fundamental problem of the real world/digital world divide that I think many of them have lost sight of the problem themselves. Until we find the API for reality, many of these decentralized projects are hopeless. This is really what I am after. "Summer storms" as I call them are really tricky, and being an avid motorcyclist in the northeast it's something I pay a lot of attention too. Basically a locus of hot humid air gets going and it will shotgun small but intense rainfall/thunderstorms over a whole area. Weather models kinda just thrown their hands up and say "There is a 30% chance you'll get nailed". And why I canceled prime and don't use Amazon anymore. It's basically become a flea market done up with the fake shine of questionable reviews. No thanks. If it's any comfort, for some reason twitch uses Xsolla as it's payment processor. That is, you cannot pay for premium twitch with your amazon account. I think the point is that $45 is a made up number to push a point. An unsubsidized burger would obviously not cost $45. Edit: OP clarified with a source below that it would be closer to $15 Welcome to the internet You would think they would have learned from the war on drugs propaganda My uncertainty comes from not knowing whether the technicians servicing the machine of the economy actually have the understanding and ability to always be able to fix it. I don't know if they are working on a diesel motor, complex but fully serviceable, or if they are working on a black box, doing ritualistic tapping and prodding that seems to usually correlate with outputs. That energy has output besides random hashes. >Can you send me some of these random hashes? Since they're worthless? WKRQE0GD2T074CCH6ZOH5DYFI4TX3RMEIKHS7AWEUVYEH030GA1B36U8C1L4OWEC 5DYFI4TX3RMEIKHS7AWEGEALOI1LNLZLHKGQ2I8MJEU1XAAQPRG5MUYXXNFR9QRQ W1T7OR1UZ20L6MAXB202PWTN0YQR4IXZ851CS6LB1HUL7AALT9Z8K1OZW7FIK9IS Y112I5BI0RQ04G6LS1XZ3V4C6CY5G97IOYQ0EJSLRQ6CK4ZGCMNXHH2O3NQQ4RVK XEIKU2MHPTOQOBPG3TCT09SBPGKR0WZ0UX119IBBBB0HORXV1F0YNF18ADQHE21I Go wild Rates have been in steady decline though for the last 40 years. Checkout is still giving an error (R013) Its historically because qualcomm cuts support so you have to buy new phone, new chips. I don't think it's risk aversion so much as it is "Parts on the shelf don't pay interest/dividends". Hertz: Places order for $4 billion worth of cars Tesla: Market value increase by $100 billion Yup, this is all very logical. Edit: Guys, we all know the term "Future Value", we all also know its a purposely undefined buzzword you can fit any insanity you want into. Virtually everything a company does adds "Future Value", the question is "How much Future Value". Does selling $4B of cars really signal an entire General Motors worth of value on top of their already insane "Future Value"? The fact that not everyone is going to sell at once is built into the price. >Tesla has such a high stock price because of an army of Musk fans believing in him. Right, and they are not going to dump their shares. So the projected scarcity from that lack of supply is priced in. I'm talking about price discovery, which is (as proved many times) independent of rationality. Its not like that switch was a surprise that advertisers, apps, and investors weren't aware of. Privacy and tracking has been a focal issue for a long time now Companies buy out other public companies all the time. They usually pay more than the stock price per share. Right now if someone wanted to buy Tesla, they would have to pay more than the share price in order to get investors (the owners) to sell it. Is creativity going to be the first major human trait upended by AI? I feel like the trope has always been "But the robots will never be able to express beauty/art/music/prose like humans". However it seems that all early AI is focused on and doing surprisingly well at creative pursuits. If someone rattled off words like this I would be amazed at their creativity. Just raise interest rates and use eminent domain to build housing in locally zoned off areas. Of course we can't do either of these things (gov debt and people with power have money -> own land -> love strict zoning) The only people who say this are those who don't consider long covid. Which is a terrible outcome and seems to indiscriminately chose who to effect (in the pool of non-hospitalized people) and not be rare at all (10-30%). It's misleading to transfix on the died:"recovered" dichotomy. Recovered just means "not dead, not testing positive". And there is a good chance that this virus is sowing the seeds of a massive wave of Parkinson's in the future. There is good evidence of some forms of Parkinsons having viral origin. COVID has mirrored most of the traits these suspect viruses have (gut, vagus nerve, lewy bodies) Nobody wants to ban them, but also NIMBY. Sure Long haul prevalence: https://health.ucdavis.edu/health-news/newsroom/studies-show... For Parkinson's just google "Parkinson's viral etiology" There are dozens of legitimate published studies. None focus specifically on COVID, because its so new and the timeframes so long. But there is a link between infection with serious viruses (including coronaviruses) and later neural degeneration. Buying an electric car is turning into "buying into the Apple business model applied to cars" Maybe not Honda, the Japanese manufactures blew decade betting on hydrogen. They are now years behind other manufactures who decided in a single meeting (all that is needed) that hydrogen was a stupid route to take. I'm guessing your are not from the US? The Parkinsons link with COVID isn't far fetched https://www.webmd.com/lung/news/20201106/covid-19-linked-to-... Also fatigue and shortness of breath are about as "mild" as chronic back pain, i.e. you don't want it. It really isn't something people should dismiss in the same way you shouldn't dismiss moving a piano by yourself. You'll likely be fine, but if you tweak your back you'll live with a constant reminder that you should not have done that. The press would improve drastically if they could just get their "journalists" off fucking twitter. This is what really bothers me. Everyone is being forced to put their money into an extremely overvalued market. What is a crash going to look like when main street is sitting on assets just like wall street is? Is my stock portfolio FDIC insured against a run on the market? I hate that my new savings account is shares in multibillion dollar corporations that have never made a penny of profit. And when they crash they'll tear down all the solid companies too. It's a damned if you do, damned if you don't situation. It's better if you are OK waiting 15 years to get back to where you were if a major crash is immanent. Or a Japan situation where it took 30 years, thanks to stagflation, which we have all the ingredients for right now. Only optical scanners would be fooled, capacitive and ultrasonic readers actually read the 3D ridges of your finger. The idiocy was having Kamala as VP to placate the wokies with her brown skin and female gender, with no mind payed to her past stances and policies. BPA is near omnipresent still. Those laser printed receipts that virtually every business hands you when you buy anything, are dusted with BPA to help the print develop. That's why you also need to take money out of the top to counteract this. A wage crush is ideal, not a wage raise. I think software companies feel under pressure to fill the extremely large boots of their wildly expensive SaaS plans. I can only hope the next wave of "innovation" is "pay only once for your static needs!". It's a term I use myself. It's pushing down on higher wages while pushing up on lower wages in effort to concentrate people into middle class. This would also mean that many people who are not even remotely close to "the billionaire class" would get pushed down, so it's not really popular with high-earning coastal liberals, and probably many people here. I honestly don't know. I tend to be in favor of using gentle nudges to leverage natural market forces to institute change. Fortunately/unfortunately capitalism is designed to be self reinforcing. Catching more fish enables you to build bigger nets and protect fishing methods. But there isn't really any natural mechanism for incentivizing a reversing of that. Someone smarter than me will have to come up with something. Right now though it's a runaway feedback loop that's going to eventually destroy itself by "doing everything right". The entire universe is one single immensely complex circuit. There are no conductors or insulators, just one giant RLC network. This is a perfectly valid, yet extraordinarily pedantic way of viewing electronics (unless you're one of the dark wizards of RF). The battery in your cell phone right now is in some non-zero way also powering the lights in your room. Each keypress on your keyboard registers in the heater of your neighbors coffee machine. They're all part of the same singular universal circuit. Veritasium just ran with this pedantic tidbit to make a flashy controversial video. Which he didn't even get fully right because like Electro pointed out, there is always non-zero current flowing in everything. The lamp never "turns on" because it always was "on". As an electronics guy, the veritasium video just made my eyes roll. Imagine we added up all the dollars generated as a result of good instruction. Well if we're just gonna bash software guys here.... The arrogance stands out for me. I have worked in many different fields and with a range of engineers (EE,ME,CE), none come close to the general aura of big ego and arrogance around software guys. It's similar to the levels seen in finance guys. Its like there has to be some relationship between compensation and true value, where ego makes up the difference. Of course there are the humble bunch in there, but god I have no idea how they get along with their colleagues. You can start your own company and fire people for whatever (legal) metric you want. It's hilarious watching the "muh personal freedoms" people complain about private entities exercising their personal freedoms because it has bad overlap with their own. Either swallow the hard pills that come with "personal freedoms" or shut up about it. These are the same people who fought net neutrality on the grounds of "protecting private entities (ISPs) from government overreach" and then a few years later were petitioning their congressmen to write laws regulating speech on twitter. We aren't talking about nuclear weapons where you need extreme niche expertise and billion dollar labs to build one. We're talking about stopping the proliferation of binary blobs banged out by college kids on their laptops. Good luck. There is also a large contingent of young english speaking CCP loyalists who go around liberal American social media and absolutely shred the US about everything (to much applause). It just looks like typical, albeit extreme, young liberal anti-establishment (and race centric) rhetoric. Dig through their profile though and you'll see they are oddly sympathetic to China. These are people who are simultaneously calling for America to be dissolved on the grounds of repaying for slavery while also arguing that the youth of Hong Kong are confused and mislead. There is a whole website for this, but it's more the 1960's that were golden. https://wtfhappenedin1971.com/ I have, uh, mp3 backups of all the music I have owned from my, um, ludicrously massive CD collection. Is it worth the risk that google might one day decide I am a pirate and block my account? No one seems to care about quality. It's all about price. In the "Cheap, fast, quality triangle - pick 2" society has moved hard towards cheap, fast. Companies don't even want to cater to anything else. All the data should be there for the computer to decide that yes there is a large object, yes it is in the road, and yes we are on track to hit it. I wonder if this train of misleading information is gonna keep on chugging, or if people are going to realize that they really just own a string of alphanumeric characters that are just arbitrarily interpreted by centralized software. No different than how virtual items are done today. Maybe I am also salty that I was one of the "early adopters" who saw this glaring flaw and missed out on a fortune because I understood the technical side. Right about the technology, wrong about the adoption I guess. Relocating people (whether intentionally or not) will be what destroys humanity first. There is no scenario where billions of people leave the tropics and integrate conflict free into northern society. It's not even just down to cultural or racial issues, an agrarian population doesn't have many places to fit in an industrial economy and has no places to fit in a service economy. You can electrolyze water and get hydrogen to use. I totally support spraying, but I also am scared that it will be like giving a heroin addict a narcan autoinjector on the condition that they stop using heroin. Black boxes that you paid for upfront, that change their functionality, and you have to pay $9.99/mo for it. I have zero faith in court's ability to see through techno-babble.