https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_software > Open-source software (OSS) is a type of computer software in which source code is released under a license in which the copyright holder grants users the rights to study, change, and distribute the software to anyone and for any purpose. The difference between open source and free software is only ideological - you are probably thinking of shared source or source available. You should send a pull request. https://github.com/opengaming/osgameclones > KDE was a mess because the Qt3 to Q4 change was a humongous change. KDE 4 was a mess because in addition to the Qt upgrade they decided to jump on the semantic nonsense fad as well as develop a completely separate set of widgets for the desktop and the shoehorn those things into everything. Oh then there was the overengineered PIM framework that starts a MySQL server on your desktop system even if all you want is to have holidays being highlighted in the clock widget's calendar. Also they released what was still an alpha at best as 4.0 - version numbers for user facing releases do matter. https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/x86-Options.html -mfpmath=unit Generate floating-point arithmetic for selected unit unit. The choices for unit are: ‘387’ Use the standard 387 floating-point coprocessor present on the majority of chips and emulated otherwise. Code compiled with this option runs almost everywhere. The temporary results are computed in 80-bit precision instead of the precision specified by the type, resulting in slightly different results compared to most of other chips. See -ffloat-store for more detailed description. This is the default choice for non-Darwin x86-32 targets. > well there is this: #ifdef _MSC_VER __declspec( align(16) ) struct float4 { float v[4]; }; #else struct float4 { float v[4]; } __attribute__ ((aligned(16))); #endif I don't understand what you are trying to say here? Why not just use struct alignas(16) float4 { float v[4]; }; You can even put both __declspec( align(16) ) and __attribute__ ((aligned(16))) in the same place if you want to have a fallback for older compilers. > Until today, I don’t know if any other *nix has sorted out ABI compatibility across architectures, which allowed running applications cross-compiled for another target to run against the memory-resident kernel without virtualization (only instruction emulation when needed). QEMU supports user-space emulation on Linux, for example you can run an ARM binary on top of a amd64 kernel. x86 on top of amd64 kernels works OOTB. How do you manage with only 512 MB RAM? Couldn't you use a union for that? class string { union { const char *referenced; char *copied; } data; bool copied; public: string(const char *source, booly copy) { if(copy) { data.copied = strdup(source); copied = true; } else { data.referenced = source; copied = false; } } operator const char *() const { return copied ? data.copied : data.referenced; } ~string() { if(copied) { free(data.copied); } } }; No const_cast and no wasted memory and it's clear that you are storing two semantically different types. I would expect the conversion operator to optimize down to a noop since in all cases the returned address is equal to this . Productivity boost from not writing tests or thinking about function preconditions is also nice ... until it isn't. Relevant: make-linux-fast-again.com Why does MSVC actually need import libraries? It seems MinGW is able to link against just the .DLL without problems even on Windows. > So does linux, for that matter--ever try running a program linked to a newer version of glibc? That doesn't mean the interface isn't stable or at least not less stable than the kernel interface or literally any iterface for something that is still being developed. It would be nice if glibc would provide an easy way to target the ABI of an older version (which is compatible with all newer versions) but you can do that the manual way by compiling and linking against that old version. > Given glibc isn't part of the OS, and that hence you can statically link to it Unless you want to use any other library on the OS, for example 3D graphics drivers which tend to have hardware-specific parts in userspace. > Overall it seems to me like coding against direct syscall numbers is a disadvantage on almost every front. Which is why noone does it unless they have a very good reason. > But every other library that you don't ship with your binary is essentially out to break your stuff. There are many more lower level libraries that provide binary backwards compatibility: libasound, libX11, libGL, ... Sure you're not going to be able to assume that /usr/lib/libpng.so.1 will provide the functionality that you want but that isn't any different from png1.dll some program installed in system32. Something like that is what I am hoping we get with contracts when they make it into C++. Although the versions so far only add constraints to functions, having them on types as well sounds very useful. Any idea why GCC zeroes out eax before overwriting it? It never fails to amaze me how smart compilers can be while also being so stupid sometimes. On the other hand until relatively recently they have been bad at recognizing loads/stores of larger integers implemented using byte loads and shifts and then optimizing that into larger loads (for architectures where unaligned loads are allowed). Doing it this way allows you to completely delegate any little/big/weird endian concerns to the compiler. If only you could specify overflow behavior and value range separately. Except if b is a directory, then ln -s a b will create a symlink at b/a which points to a. Oh, nice info. It's gone when using e.g. -march=znver1. > Creating a non-UTF8 rust string is UB. So how does rust deal with filenames under Linux? Use somethinge other than strings? > With an optional do-not-block attribute. Which would be honored just like Do-Not-Track? Seems only fair. Look up what (int*)ptr does in C. This attitude is the best argument for not using rust I have seen so far. One nice speed improvement for linking C++ (and I imagine C as well) with GCC and Clang is -gsplit-dwarf which does not link debug information but instead only references the original object files. This of course only makes sense for development where the object files are still available for GDB to load the debug symbols from but it is a nice feature. The MSVC linker has /DEBUG:FASTLINK as well. You can have const variables on the stack. Those will not have hardware write protection but it's still undefined to write to them. It's hardly C semantics that const memory should not ever be written to, otherwise there would be no need for the distinction at the LLVM ir level. This assumes the --option=value syntax which while a de-facto standard on Unix-like systems is unfortunately not supported by all programs. I agree that system() (in C and other langues that simply copied it) is a bad API. For shell escaping a command to start a process with a list of arguments would be enough, and even POSIX C has you covered there with vararg and array variants. [1] [1] http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man3/posix_spawn.3.html (or fork() + exec()) Then concatenating to valid Unicode documents would no longer be valid Unicode. That is bad. And ASCII text would no longer be a valid UTF-8 encoded Unicode document. That is bad. And even when everything has finally switched to UTF-8 every tool ever will still need to handle the BOM. That is bad. Guessing between valid UTF-8 and Latin-1 is only ever ambiguous when there are multiple non-ASCII characters in a row and all those sequences are made up of a lead byte with the correct number of trailing bytes. How often is that a problem for you in practice? Nvidia can release an open-source kernel driver. They have just figured out that inconveniencing their customers is cheaper than paying developers. Have you tried Darktable? But you won't get the detailed HTML output that tells you why Clang Analyzer things a problem exists. You can also get run-time checks in libstdc++ and libc++ with -D_GLIBCXX_DEBUG -D_GLIBCXX_DEBUG_PEDANTIC and -D_LIBCPP_DEBUG=1. Clang has support for cross-compiling [1] without needing separate builds for each target so you should be able to use clang-analyzer and clang-tidy whit the right -target flag for your ARM platform. https://clang.llvm.org/docs/CrossCompilation.html Besides that, most bugs found by static analysis are platform independent so you should be able to use any static analyzer you get your hands on as long as your code is cross-platform. I only hear about PVS-Studio from their adticles that they agressively post to programming-related communities. Idk about nVidia since they insist on being a special snowflake in the Linux graphics ecosystem but for everything else you can add arbitrary display modes with xrandr and and then either let your display do the upscaling (might not support all resolutions) or configure your GPU to do it. Most displays also just advertise a number of smaller resolutions - does yours not do that? > Valve basically single handedly created Linux gaming. Valve's influence has been immensely positive for Linux gaming but saying they created it is ridiculous. I was playing on Linux just fine before Steam was ported. Valve's contributions very much stand on top of the efforts of those that came before them. Sure there were 4 if you ignore those published by id, those ported by Loki and LGP and forget that Humble Bundle was a thing before S4L. The number of available games has increased greatly but before S4L was released I already had a backlog of games to play. So to make GitLab faster you are going to add more JS bloat. Ok. I went to 3840x1600 - as wide as two Full HD screens but with a bit more vertical space and no bevel in the middle. Is this supposed to be a good thing? While some ATMs have limits like that, there are many that let you select a custom amount - I regularly withdraw amounts like 45€ or 95€ to make sure I get some smaller bills. Also, you can't just reuse the same colors for syntax highlighting in dark mode. Saturation needs to be turned down compared to light mode or everthing looks like a mess of colors. > You opt in to first party telemetry by using gitlab. It is impossible for you not to send data to gitlab when using gitlab. There is still a difference between sending actions you selected to the server and tracking where you move the mouse while on the page in your browser or other bs like that. One is required to implement the functionality, the other is not. Is that the same community that is complaining now? That part is actually positive though - if you want to squat a domain for over 100 days too bad. I also use a CC from a bank that does not have a presence in my town to withdraw. I think it just depends on the ATM. Steam launched 16 years ago. Saying Epic is at most 16 years behind is not really a good argument. Then you aren't hosting your own website from home anymore. tt-rss works well enough for me as a google reader replacement Better even since it has plugins to inline some comic strips where the RSS feeds are just links to the pages. What you describe sounds very much like a feature request, and one that would add overhead compared to the existing implementation. > There's some expansion that can be done on that third option. Even if I'm not very invested in a project, I'd be happy to mention a bug if it were easy to do. But my experience has been that, if I report the bug, I'm going to start getting asked for details about my system, and asked to try a bunch of things to try and sort out the reproduction steps, and possibly even have maintainers getting frustrated with me if I don't want to fix the problem myself. A quality bug report should include system details and detailed reproduction steps. Expecting "something didn't work for me" to leat to a fix is unreasonable, especially when you expect unpaid vonlunteers to do the work. And then you get people complaining about being asked to provide additional details. You can find some of them in this thread. Ironically the change described in this article will give the CDN more information as it now receives a request for each site and not just the first. That should not happen on rolling release distros either - sounds like it would be a NixOS packaging issue where the version (or git commit hash) of Mesa/LLVM is missing or the Nix package applied patches without changing the version in the cache key. > TR3 does have larger L3, but the 3900X isn't a slouch either with 64MB of it. And L3 scales with the number of chiplets, which rooughly scales with core count, so a 16 core TR would "only" have 64MB L3 too unless they used garbage chiplets with half of the cores disabled. The FX processors got a lot of flak over the core count vs number of floating point units, but for compiling my FX 8350 has been doing just fine. Still looking to upgrade to a TR 3970X though when the become available. https://archiveprogram.github.com/#arctic-code-vault > The snapshot will consist of the HEAD of the default branch of each repository, minus any binaries larger than 100KB in size. Each repository will be packaged as a single TAR file. 100KB is a very low limit, many repos will be useless Usually getting a upper bound on when something was first published is easier than finding out when and if some random person has died. 5- Check in together with someone else who is carrying less. > you can turn them off Often only through the Vendor's software that of course is only available for Windows. One next step that I don't think C++ compilers do yet is deduplicate functions that differ only in constants used or functions called. This could help with std::sort-style functions where the outer algorithm can work on generic pointers and only the comparison is a call to a different function. CNAME is a red herring - it would not take that much more effort to delegate the subdomain to a name server controlled by the tracking service or just dynamically update the A/AAAA records yourself. > It feels like being penalised for doing the right thing. Just because there are worse things to do does not make Piwik the right thing. The right thing is not to collect the data at all. > What does that numpad offer that is not already on the rest of the keyboard? Additional keys. I use mine for macros. This could actually change performance though as the lambda version gives you a unique templace instantiation of std::transform while the non-lambda version requires std::transform to be inlined into the caller (or cloned to an argument-specific version) before the compiler can make any optimizations based on its knowledge of toupper. > the solutions will simply be games designed around these issues pretty much how many modern games are designed around the limitations of a console controller or a mobile phone touch screen If that happens it will just be another big negative impact of Stadia. Yeah, please don't add lazy loading. - It breaks viewing the site with javascript disabled. - It prevents viewing the site offline (e.g. on an airplane) without first scrolling through the whole content while online. - Unless implemented perfectly it adds delays before content you have scrolled to becomes visible. Deciding when to load stuff should be the browser's job. Don't reimplement the browser in javascript. Please remove lazy loading completely and instead leave the decision when to load content to the browser. Static content should never use any scripts. In what way is HTML5 is inherently slower than previous versions? Pages tend to be slow because of the tracking and adds addded to them as well as client-side "rendering" for static content. None of that is required by HTML5. Once you start transforming a document you always risk discarding information that later will turn out to be useful. Besides, I bet images, videos and other non-text data dwarf the space required by HTML markup. mpv can stream directly from youtube (and tons of other websites) using youtube-dl. Combine that with a browser plugin to play a link or the curent page in mpv. Infinitely better experience than watching in the browser. Hacker News isn't really comaparable to the different niche subreddits that I am subscribed to. At the same time I am not interested at all in the business-related articles that are also part of this site. That's why I still use reddit: I can subscribe to the topics I like while filtering out others or only viewing them when I'm bored. Do you have a reason to assume that Stadia will be around for a long while? > The solution was to configure my .editorconfig file to use tabs for makefiles The real solution is to not have your editor silently convert tabs to spaces, ever. > At least on eBay it’s much more common to get a picture of the actual product This part can be really annoying. I have been trying to collect all different boxed/DVD/etc releases of an old game and the Amazon listing just shows promotional cover art that I now suspect was never used for retail copies of the game (the publisher on the cover was bought out by another one before the game released). Definitely none of the copies that I got from that listing matched the image shown. On eBay you might need to sift through many listings to find the best price but at least you can usually see which version you are buying. eBay lets you filter for listings from the same country / continent / everything - Amazon definitely needs something like that. > memory from 8 Gb to 16 Gb 2 GiB total is not a lot Games tend to be optimized for framerates so it makes sense to sacrifice load times for that. Of course there are plenty of games that are just badly optimized and could improve both framerates and load times. I have that set too but still use https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/old-reddit-redir... to make sure I don't accidentally share a link to that awful new interface. Yet they insist on auto-playing the next video when most users will not be interested in that. Serving all comments is much less data than even the initial buffer of the video. The real reason I think is that a user reading comments on youtube isn't watching ads during that time. In that case just use sans-serif or a web-safe font and avoid the third-party dependency. You ISP still sees which IP addresses you eventually connect to. > If you want a new domain and to keep your backlinks you can 302 the old domain to the new. Which will only work as long as you keep paying for the old domain. > CK2 only working on xorg, HOI4 only working on x11 (or the other way around) Not sure what you meant, but X.Org is an implementaion of X11 so this doesn't make any sense. > It doesn't surprise me at all. That number would have been zero without emulation like wine/Proton though. No it wouldn't - there would still be people who like playing games and use Linux even if they couldn't play those games under Linux. Proton doesn't add anything to that. Mostly unwanted functionality. Random (but plausible) values seem like a much better solution than just default values - you don't just hide as much identifying information as possible but you also poinsin the information that may still be there. The problem is that even if you can disable this one, it's enabled by default and browserv vendors keep adding this shit without any concern for the privacy impact. Plus, there are already PCIe 4 NVMe SSDs. That's like saying a broken lock works perfectly if only authorized people ever try to enter. Now I want to be able to git reset --hard my kitchen. I was fine with using light mode on a single 24" screen switched to dark mode once I got a 38" ultrawide - there is just no way I am staring at a mostly white screen of that size for all day. Wait people still leave atime enabled? > Decompressing and recompressing a zip gives a lossless copy of the actual data, but there's no way to reconstruct the same exact zip you started with. I don't think getting the same JPEG is the goal here but getting a JPEG that decodes to the same image data. It's oder-sensitive under X11 but many of the the default combinations are duplicated with the reverse order. > to do MSAA on a deferred renderer you need to take it into account in your pixel shaders, which in practice means that basically nobody does it I think the bigger problem with doing MSAA with deferred rendering is that your G buffer gets even bigger since you now need to store information for each sample. In C++, argument-dependent lookup ( https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/adl ) lets you specify operators in the same namespace as the type of (any of) their arguments. > The lose part is supporting people who would otherwise work and contribute to the economy. Why do you think that having everyone contribute to the economy should be the goal? Are you absolutely certain that your acquaintance does not have a positive impact on those around him while he is not working? ... and the main reason for the ARD/ZDF to have useless apps and content on their websites in the first place is so that they can demand not-tax from everyone instead of only those who still own a TV. I couldn't disagree more about the ARD/ZDF being useful. I'd even go as far as saying they are harmful (biased news, promoting gambling, ...). But we can agree to disagree on that. What I think is absolutely not OK is the current funding method using a compoulsory payment. If you say that public TV is beneficial to society then it should be funded through regular taxes which are collected equitably (ie. based on income). If however publicly funded TV is not a benefit to society then there should be a way to opt out. There was before ARD/ZDF added these online services. No matter good the test coverage in germany is, the growth is still exponential so the currect prevention measures are insufficient. Growth in Germany is exponential. It doesn't matter how many people they manage to test if they are still going to wait and see before taking measures to reduce the infection rate. At least motherboards typically have a BIOS option to turn that off. For other components you better be using Windows if you don't want your computer to barf colors all day. And scanning backwards works too. > Traditional unices allow arbitrary bytes with the exception of 00 and 2f, NTFS allows arbitrary utf-16 code units (including unpaired surrogates) with the exception of 0000 and 002f. For just Windows -> Linux you can represent everything by mapping WTF-16 to WTF-8. Character (code point) iterators are useless. For parsing text-based formats, UTF-8 has the nice property that the encoded byte sequence of a character is not a subsequence of the encoding for any other chracter or sequence of other characters. This means splitting on byte sequences of UTF-8 works just as well as spliting on code points. And for text editing you need to deal with grapheme clusers anyway, which can be made up of a variable number of code points - so having these be made up of a variable number of bytes doesn't make anything worse. > It's very easy for native English speakers to say English should be the only language It's also very easy to assume that everyone advocating for using a common language is a native English speaker. You can get infinite scrolling and inline images with RES [1] without making it impossible to read discussions. [1] https://redditenhancementsuite.com/ > Deus Ex (Super old but quite good, I started it recently. I had best results in Proton selecting the software renderer in the first launch dialog instead of DX9) I recommend Deus Exe [0] for playing Deus Ex. And yes, it's still an awesome game. [0] https://kentie.net/article/dxguide/ Yeah nah I'm not going to support anyone that encourages exclusives. I'm curious what you are trying to get out of gatekeeping what a game is? Would you not consider children pretending to be someone else to be playing a game? What bout LARP [0]? However Gone Home would even satisfy a definition of a "game" that requires there to be challenges. Much of the information is hidden throughout the house, requiring the player to find it and reconstruct the whole story. There are even locked off areas that you need to find keys for. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Live_action_role-playing_game Hah, some games already pit cheaters against each other. At the end of the day anything that runs on Linux without needing additional compatibility tools is native. You could make a distinction for Windows/whatever games bundled together without Wine/eON/whatever and depending what want to determine that might make sense but at that point you probably also want to exclude things like Unity that don't really do a great job at integreating into the Linux environment. SDL can be used for porting games (ie, making them native) and that's what it was originally created for but it's not really comparable to bundling a Windows .exe with Wine, which would add a lot more complexity. It didn't solve library fragmentation as much as it showed the solution that was always available and already used by most ports before the Steam runtime existed: to bundle all the libraries you need besides system interface like libc, libGL, etc. This is really no different on Windows. > Practically, no one did this before Wine/Proton. Oh come on, that's a huge exaggeration. There are thousands of native games available for Linux and Wine/Proton had nothing to do with that. Finding something to play hasn't been a problem for a long time if you are interested in a wide enough range of games. Steam did make a big contribution to that but that was before Proton - if anything, Proton might have slowed down the number of new native releases. What Proton solves for people is being able to play specific games they want to play, like for example the latest popular AAA game that everyone is talking about - for that it's not enough if there are x% of games available no matter how big x is. Individual DLLs from Wine are alreay being used to fix compatibility problems in older games on Windows. [0] http://bitpatch.com/ie_ddrawfix.html (included in the GOG.com installer for Planescape: Torment) The audio subsystem changes definitely could have been done better. Ideally /dev/dsp should have been extended like has been done on the BSDs instead of inventing completely new interfaces. That said, doesn't libasound still work with pulse? gstreamer on the other hand is something you can just as easily ship yourself. I wouldn't consider that a Linux userland API as much as a random library that is present on many Linux system just like some crap you'd find in system32. I'm less familiar about the API/ABI changes in the libudev transition - is there anything there that broke API compatibility. The "lower level" userland libraries (glibc, libGL, libX11) tend to be pretty good at maintaining backwards compat. Well, except for Mesa pulling in the C++ standard library which can be a real problem when older games also dynamically link (incompatible) versions. Well yeah, the VK in DXVK stands for Vulkan. Also Tomb Raider 4 uses DirectX 7 which is not supported by DXVK so you'd need to combine it with dgVoodoo2 [0] to translate DX7 -dgVoodoo2-> DX11 -DXVK-> Vulkan, which did work quite well for me with Tomb Raider 4 and 5 while Wine's DirectX 7 implementation had rendering issues at the time. [0] http://dege.freeweb.hu/ No, games marked as Linux on the Steam store do not use Proton (by default) but are native (either ported or in some cases wrapped with Wine/whatever by the developer). Black Mesa uses the Source engine for which Valve created their own ToGL wrapper but it's compile-time and much smaller than Wine. Most programming language implementations don't try to avoid using libc. Not legally relevant doesn't mean not relevant. And freenode does have a clear policy on public logging, requiring you to disclose that you are logging beforehand or get permission before publishing. [0] [0] https://freenode.net/policies#public-logging Phones are much more reliant on having hardware decoders for things like video while desktops can usually get away with a CPU-based implementation, yes. At the very least they added a Vulkan renderer too. But at the end of the day Source 1 is also just a modified GoldSrc engien which is just a modified Quake engine. Doesn't really mean much when there have been extensive modifications over time. OpenAL (Soft) [0] does give you fairly easy spatial audio that will be enough for 99% of all games. [0] https://openal-soft.org/ > To this day, what surprises me most is that my computer was able to successfully boot and behave normally for an hour or two, even though random bits were apparently being flipped. With my current computer I overclocked the RAM to the best config I could get memtest to run without errors over the night. The RAM also has ECC and there were no problems reported during normal operation, even when re-compiling (most) packages. But when I got to compiling LLVM the system would crash shortly after logging ECC errors. Backing off the overclock a bit fixed that. So the rate of memory errors can definitely depend on what you are running. > Server apps are more complex and are a strong argument counter to the existing behavior, as is the fact that many apps cannot be refreshed without user impact. Updates to non-server applications can also have a big user impact and there needs to be a way to avoid/delay them when you know you won't have time to deal with any potential fallout. > 2. If you are parsing a string, think in terms of code points (runes in Go, chars in Rust). A good example would be the Servo CSS parser. [1] If all your syntactically meaningful characters are in ASCII you can also use UTF-8 bytes in your parser. Even if they aren't, no UTF-8 encoding of a character is a substring of the encoding of any other character(s). The traditional way to truncate an existing file is using O_TRUNC in the open call. From your link it looks like Plan 9 has that flag. > In addition, there are [...] values that can be ORed with the omode: OTRUNC says to truncate the file to zero length before opening it Creating a new file also replaces all file metadata (creation time, permissions, ACLs, links, ...) while O_TRUNC only erases the contents. How is that bypassed dead man's switch not an OSHA violation? https://youtu.be/HzcN3cbikzA?t=179 You could use that argument to dismiss any loss condition in games that allow arbitrary saves. www is useless anyway as you are already choosing to connect to the web by using the HTTP(S) protocol. Not that they should, but the only ability that is required for installing Gentoo is to read and follow instructions. Heck, GitHub could stard with filtering out "forks" that don't have any changes at all. > As for the quality of the translation, the solution for that is for developers to make better translations. Translation is inherently lossy. Firefox has two separate settings for "Choose the languages used to display menus, messages, and notifications from Firefox." and "Choose your preferred language for displaying pages" so your use case should be covered by not second-guessing the user settings. Not ignoring values from 3a is exactly what this discussion is about. Stop second guessing the user's settings. > I don't understand why a web browser (or any application) needs a custom language setting, much less a prominent one. It's just one more place that can fail. For entertainment including games I want them to be in the original languaugage they were developed in (if it's one I can speak fluently) even if that differs from my system language (which differs from my native language (which at many points in my life has differed from the default language for my location)). I don't personally have a reason to have a different language for my browser UI though, but perhaps someone else does. However I agree that the default for application languages should be "use the system default" - not whatever was the system default at installation time or some other fixed language. The irony of adware asking you to install a different browser to block ads. Google will regularly forget your language setting if you're not logged in. That is exactly the code the website will generate if you select no IE support. > got really excited that someday we may be able to game on Linux. Someday? You can already game on Linux. > I think the realm where the JVM can potentially beat C++ is, funnily, work that requires a lot of memory. The thing that the JVM memory model has going for it is that heap allocations are relatively cheap compared to heap allocations in C++. If you have a ton of tiny short lived object allocations then the JVM will do a great job at managing them for you. Except C++ also has many other options besides malloc() each of these individual objects. I just have Options -> Home -> New tabs set to "Blank Page" and that works just fine without any icons. Bash has arrays: var=( a b "c d" ) ls "${var[@]}" POSIX shell can get you what you want with eval: var='a b "c d"' eval "ls $var" There is also one array variable in POSIX shells, the argument list: set -- a b "c d" ls "$@" > But for some reason, it's thinking it can just reread the flags from the structure after that function, which has a non-const pointer The pointer being const would not give the compiler any more guarantees that would allow it to reorder the read. Many of these should also not be exposed to websites without explicit authorization. Ctrl+D (EOF) works for most weird interpreters. I really don't understand 4K 10bit HDR video that's still only 29 FPS. Why is smooth motion not a focus at all? I am really conflicted when configuring my servers. I can see the need to deprecate insecure protocols but deliberately cutting off compatibility with old clients feels wrong. Kind of, but if you have enough tabs the cost may become to high. I my FF set up so that tabs are suspended only after a generous time limit and have also excluded some sites so that they are never suspended. Would be nice to be able to suspend the tabs to disk instead of throwing the state away completely. > The mods are too happy to delete posts While that does happen, my problem is more often that mods of smaller subreddits are inactive or unwilling to moderate them so they end up being filled with low effort memes instead of actually interesting content. It's really a decision you have to do per-library. For something like SDL that has a stable ABI while providing user-visible improvements in newer versions, dynamic linking makes sense. SDL's solution isn't only for static linking but also for bundled dynamically loaded SDL copies. I am not really convinced that SDL's approach is perfect though as anyone statically linking SDL can just disable this functionality and this feature has already caused problems requiring you to manually substitute the loaded libSDL. For libs that don't interact with the system, dynamic linking does not really provide an advantage for binaries that are distributed on their own. Relocation by patching code means you no can no longer share code sections between programs. > > A good linker will remove unused symbols. Additionally, a linker not be able to remove symbols that are unused at runtime but are still (transtively) referenced statically. For memory mapped dynamic libaries those code pages will not be loaded unless needed. For example, statically linking libstdc++ for any C++ program which uses iostreams (or anything else infected with std::locale) will mean including code to format and parse e.g. monetary amounts even if your program never uses this functionality. > and may use byteswap instructions if needed Or it may not because often compilers fail to make simple optimizations: https://godbolt.org/z/NAt3uX So are you saying that ⅓ has a finite presentation in decimal? Finite binary rationals ⊋ finite binary numbers. There is nothing incorrect about the code I posted - clang will compile it to a single read + bswap just fine. And you don't need to go that far back for your code to not be recognized - GCC 4.9 will produce individual loads and shifts for that too. The point is that you can't rely on compilers consistently to recognize complex patterns. > For copyrights, there is some merit to not allowing others to take over your work during the life of the author. Care to expand on that? Then you writing the book in the first place is theft as it deprives other authors of potential sales. They pay less in a world where people are used to "buying" works rather than funding them. It's unreasonable to think that people would just stop spending their money if copyright was abolished. The user in control here is the one configuring the SSID, which is not necessarily the same one owning the device used to connect to it. That is a reasonable approach if you know that what you are decoding is supposed to be UTF-8. If you don't know the text encoding because there is no information to indicate it (or you don't trust that information to be correct) then you will have to guess and "decode as UTF-8 for valid UTF-8, use some legacy encoding otherwise" is a common approach (used e.g. by many text editors). > Speaking of lists, the domain could be on the PSL. Public Suffix List for those like me who might not have all the latest TLAs memorized. https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_Suffix_List > I wish that the powers that be could see that the law has not had its intended effect and has instead just led to a degraded web experience for everyone. Wether it was the intended effect or not, it has made it very clear just how scummy advertising companies are. > Germany and Italy, which are neighbours. I think Austria and Switzerland would like to have a word with you. > $0 means a filename of a file that is being executed. This is only a convention and is entirely up to the calling program. For example in bash scripts you can use `exec -a name ...` to pass "name" as the 0th argument. If you are already using #!/bin/bash you might as well use ${BASH_SOURCE[0]} to get the path to the current script. This makes me want to use this just to get people to fix their broken editors. > glibc (no matter what they say about having stable endpoints) glibc does have a stable ABI. What they don't have is a frozen ABI so they will all new entry points. But old programs linked against glibc do and will continue to work fine. > You can't run a program written today on the system repo libraries from 5 years ago. You can absolutely write programs today targeting 5 year old ABIs. I agree that the FOSS toolchains could be more helpful there so you can just pass some compiler flag for the oldest glibc version you want to support but it is not impossible to achieve that on your own. I had no problem finding ECC UDIMMs for my TR build. Sure, not that many options but you only need one. I rarely use git add (basically only for new files or non-text files) and instead always use commit --patch. > Nevertheless, shouldn’t publishers be free to choose how they fund their creations? Of course. The problem is when they demand that goverments take away their ciziten's natural rights to copy and share information in order to support their chosen business model. If publishers want society to make their business model possible by being given special "rights" and having public institudions enforce those "rights" then it is very much up to all of society to choose if that is acceptable. Remember copyright is an entirely artificial construct meant to benefit society by encouraging creators to produce content. It is my and many others opinion that the current state of copyright is a very one sided affair that benefits mainly big corporations while having numerous negative effects on society. > If we take away the option of artificial scarcity then an entire highly trained professional class will be out of work. Unlikely. There will always be a demand for entertainment and people interested in filling that demand will find a way to make it worthwile. But even if the entire entertainment industry would instantly disappear then that would still not be an argument to uphold unjust laws. Professions becoming obsolete with progress is entirely natural. People can adapt. > Even if it was possible, surely the people who have invested real money should be the ones to make this decision? Why? They have no inherent right to limit the distribution of their content, only the special rights society has decided to give them in order to encourage the creation in the first place. Send them a letter stating that they are spamming you and hope they will fix it? Could also be url decoding of the non-urlendocded email which would convert the + into a space. A tiny change like a typo in a comment I would just edit in both the git commit --patch `e` editor and in the working tree copy. Anything bigger I'd either abort or skip and edit/test normally and then amend. My main use for `e` are not really edits to the final code but rather for splitting up changes that affect the same line. I only had problems with errors from `e` on Windows - I'm guessing due to wrong line endings. I am still looking for a good self-hosted solution for code hosting and bug tracking that - Doesn't have excessive server side dependencies or resource requirements - Doesn't have unnecessary client-side requirements (should be fully usable without JS, should not load a million resources to render a single page) - Doesn't make any external requests (except for things like third-party logins where there is no other way) - Has decent UX and visuals IRC = internet relay chat chat does sound like messaging Skype sounds like a made up word. Nothing wrong with that. > For this reason myself (and many other programmers) own additional ANSI-US layout keyboards. Why though when you can change layouts without changing keyboards. There is nothing preventing you from swtiching layouts between coding and typing German. How long did you try? Of course learning to touch type on a different layout will take some time but that doesn't make using brackets in programming languages unreasonable. Using a German layout is very much a choice you have made and is no reason for you to demand that programming languages should make everyone else's life harder to acomodate those choices. Even for German text input, umlauts and sz are rare enough that it is not much of a hindrance to have to enter those via dead keys or compose sequences on a layout that doesn't make {} and [] a pain to type. I don't know about AM4 but my TR4 MSI board definitely does report ECC errors (both corrected and uncorrectable). Will this version let me compose text-only messages by default while still being able to switch to a HTML message when needed? You used to be able to shift-click reply to compose as text but that that stopped working in a previous update. So you want a dull sword with handles on both ends just so that nobody can possibly cut themselves? Professional tools are meant to be efficient for those trained in using them and if that means they are slightly harder to learn that's OK. For most websites maybe, but you can change host to cut costs if needed. Not so with domains if you want to keep the URLs working. It works OK to recover unused domains (but definitely no perfectly) but it does mean nearly all URLs get broken eventually even if the content is still archived somewhere. > - enable HTTPS I really wish HTTPS hadn't changed the URL scheme so you could host both HTTPS and fallback HTTP under the same URL. However most HTTPS sites will redirect http://domain/ (.*) to https://domain/$1 (or at least they should) so this doesn't need to break URLs. The site is perfectly responsive (even if the margins are a bit large). The problem is that makers of mobile phone browsers decided to assume pages are not responsive and need a large width unless you include a specific meta tag - which is an absolutely stupid assumption and not something anyone could have foreseen in 1998. > I feel like for a lot of sites CF & CDNs are the only way to survive Reddit/HN/etc - do you disagree? Reddit/HN/etc will send all users to the same URL. Almost all of those users will come without any pre-existing cookies. Serving the same content to all those users should not be impossible for most sites without CF or a CDN. > ME2 feels like a shooter with strong RPG elements and ME1 feels like KOTOR where you get to aim the guns, it is very much an old-school bioware RPG title. Funny, that difference is exactly what I most disliked about ME2. Wine does come with it's own D3DX runtimes, for example [0]. You only need to install the Microsoft ones if the Wine implementation is missing something or has a bug. [0] https://source.winehq.org/git/wine.git/tree/HEAD:/dlls/d3dx9... > but most of AMD's gpu troubles come down to the windows driver being hot garbage. That definitely needs some evidence to back it up. In my experience, most game rendering code is hot garbage that has been hammered just enough to work on the tested platforms (read: mostly nVidia). > They opened the linux driver enough that others can do a lot of the work for them. While there are outside contributions, most work on radeonsi (OpenGL) and the amdgpu kernel driver is done by AMD employees. The AMD Linux driver is better because it has less legacy code, can share more work with other drivers, can benefit from users who are more used to filing detailed bug reports and test development builds, and yes because users and other interested parties (Valve, Red Hat, ...) can contribute fixes for their pet issues - but it is still AMD doing most of the work. For Vulkan on Linux with AMD graphics the most popular driver is entirely community developed. But AMD's Vulkan driver also works from what I hear. How do you know it was a driver bug though and not a game bug that was only affecting that driver? Even if it was "fixed" by a driver bug that doesn't mean the game didn't grossly violate the D3D/OpenGL/whatever API spec and just happened to work everywhere else. > An end user today will expect that behavior The average end user maybe. Not all endusers - for most videos I would rather wait than get a lower quality. KDevelop had this for a long time and I agree it is useful. The problem, like with most moderation tools, is when shadowbans and similar measures are not just used against persistent spammers but as an easy way to shut out people without even trying to get them to improve their behavior. Something can be effective and dishonest at the same time. At that point why not simply compile the markdown ahead of time and have a completely static server? A yes, the good old "other people have been treated worse in the past so it's ok to treat that person badly now" argument. Yet Windows plays the same game of pretending to be an older version to older software.